Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.4

Chapter 301
Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, and this slender young woman from the Yao Ye Clan was constantly emanating a fierce baleful aura.
Luo Zheng had given Yao Ye an order while he was dodging the palms, and it was to draw his sword and attack! Luo Zheng didn't have the time to think about anything else because the slightest bit of distraction might cause Luo Zheng to be struck by those palms!
However, Luo Zheng was just dodging the Acala King's palms, and he was instantly shocked by what he saw!
Yao Ye had started to spin with Lightstream in hand. At the same time, the baleful aura around her had formed into a spiral, and it was like a storm had started to revolve around Yao Ye before it shot towards Pei Tianyao at high speed.
It was like she was dancing, and the sword was just a prop in her dance. It was a dance that brought about death ….
"What … what sword technique is this!?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Even though Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Luo Zheng didn't know much about her. Up until now, Luo Zheng had merely summoned her and made her attach herself to his sword.
Not to mention that besides being slightly more beautiful, this Sword Spirit didn't seem to be any different from the other Sword Spirits Luo Zheng had seen on Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Luo Zheng had seen all sorts of Sword Spirits on Slaughter Sword Mountain. The most basic form of Sword Spirits didn't have a physical form at all, and they were only specks of light. As Luo Zheng continued to climb, the Sword Spirits that appeared became more and more advanced. Many Sword Spirits had their own form, and the most common form amongst them was the human form.
But even then, these Sword Spirits didn't have any thoughts of their own. They couldn't speak, and they didn't have any expressions on their faces.
Besides the Icesword Master that Luo Zheng had encountered at the end, the Icesword Master had injected a wisp of his soul into the Sword Spirit to control it.
The Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, didn't have a soul. However, Luo Zheng was surprised that she actually used such a strange method of attack after he'd merely given her the order to attack!
As Yao Ye spun faster and faster, more and more baleful energy spirals appeared.
At the beginning, when Luo Zheng released the sword spirit, Pei Tianyao didn't care too much. He only needed to concentrate on controlling the Dharma Wheel of Acala. As for the sword spirit, even if she wielded the Flowing Light Sword, she wouldn't cause much trouble to him. He only needed to dodge a little.
However, Pei Tianyao did not expect that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit could use a sword skill. Moreover, it was such a strange sword skill!
How was this a sword move? It was clearly a dance! However, there were sword moves hidden within the dance. This was a type of sword dance!
Under the circumstances that he wasn't confident in his ability to dodge Yao Ye's strange sword dance, Pei Tianyao had no choice but to withdraw one of his Buddha's Palms and forcefully crush it towards Yao Ye.
After he lost the Buddha's Hand, the pressure on Luo Zheng instantly lessened greatly. Pei Tianyao was unable to multitask, so it was utterly impossible for him to deal with both Luo Zheng and his Sword Spirit at the same time. So, Pei Tianyao decided to crush Yao Ye first.
The Acala's Buddha's Palm was extremely swift. In practically an instant, the enormous finger had enveloped Yao Ye, and then it crushed down forcefully.
However, Yao Ye's strength hadn't just exceeded Pei Tianyao's imagination, it had even exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
The Acala's terrifying Buddha's Palm had once shattered Hua Tianming's Heavenly Wrath Sword with a single slap, but it was like paper before Yao Ye's sword dance!
At the same time, strands of baleful energy were emanating from the tip of the Flowing Light Sword. These spirals of baleful energy erupted and transformed Yao Ye into a hedgehog that was covered in thorns and was spinning swiftly. It was obvious what would happen if the Acala's Buddha's Palm enveloped such a thing!
The enormous Buddha's Palm was instantly minced into mush by Yao Ye, and its fingers were even severed.
However, Yao Ye didn't stop at all. Luo Zheng had ordered her to attack, so there was only one person left before her — Pei Tianyao.
At this moment, Pei Tianyao felt extremely helpless. He hadn't underestimated Luo Zheng. Actually, he'd made a sufficient estimation of Luo Zheng's strength during this period of time. However, the outcome was that every single aspect of Luo Zheng's strength had exceeded his expectations.
Firstly, it was his strength. He didn't know how Luo Zheng possessed such formidable strength. Just his physical strength alone had surpassed the limits of the human body. So, where did this strength come from? What secrets does he possess?
However, it was also his physical strength. Luo Zheng's freakishly strong physical body was even more terrifying than his Invincible Vajra Body.
Alright, these were Luo Zheng's strengths to begin with, so Pei Tianyao was barely able to accept it.
Then what about the Sword Spirit? The Sword Spirit had only been refined recently, right? Pei Tianyao could accept that a Sword Spirit that had just been refined was able to take human form. He just treated it as Luo Zheng's extraordinary natural talent that allowed him to obtain a fortuitous encounter that ordinary people couldn't even dream of.
However, even if the Sword Spirit had taken human form, how could it be so strong? The Sword Spirit even had her own sword moves? Moreover, he had such a sharp sword move?
Pei Tianyao was speechless …
Pei Tianyao wasn't the only one who was speechless. The 100,000 spectators were speechless as well.
Yao Ye's snow white and straight legs were faintly discernible within the spiraling baleful aura. She had an indifferent expression on her face and a heroic aura. She was like a goddess of war that had been sent down to the mortal world by the heavens. Moreover, her sword dance was extremely beautiful. There was even a dance in between her sword moves. Her dance was sometimes enchanting and moving, and sometimes she was like a swimming dragon. Her long hair flowed down like silk and covered half of her face. She was like a clear lotus flower that was floating in the wind.
She was able to force Pei Tianyao to retreat step by step with just this sword dance.
"I'm so envious! This is the best thing that I've ever encountered. If I had a Sword Spirit like this, I wouldn't need her to be so powerful. I could just watch her from the side every day!"
"Envious? More than envious, I want to prostrate myself in worship. Is she a fucking Sword Spirit? Can someone tell me that she's a fucking Sword Spirit? She's a goddess! "
"Let me tell you a way. Dream! You might have such a beautiful Sword Spirit in your dreams! You want to have one in real life? Hmph! You won't have a chance in your next life! "
Luo Yan bit her lip lightly while her breathing became slightly rapid. She didn't know what Luo Zheng had encountered after he fell to the ground. She didn't know what had happened to him that allowed her brother to possess so many different combat techniques. Moreover, every single one of them could be used as a trump card by anyone else!
"Big Brother is too strong …"
Hua Tianming shook his head again as he watched the battle. Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha Palm was able to shatter his Heavenly Punishment Sword, but it was actually unable to do anything to the Sword Spirit that Luo Zheng had summoned. This was a little too strange, and he couldn't accept it.
Actually, there was a reason why Hua Tianming felt it was strange. Because Luo Zheng had similarly utilized a Sword Spirit during their battle. However, Luo Zheng had directly merged Yao Ye into his sword and allowed Luo Zheng to activate Yao Ye's baleful energy to deal with his enemy.
The problem was that Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated a technique that utilized baleful energy. So, his usage of baleful energy was actually at an extremely low level, and he'd completely relied on the might of his baleful energy to break through Heavenly Punishment Sword.
Yao Ye knew sword moves, and he'd even utilized such a strange sword dance to bring out the might of his baleful energy to the limit. This was something that even Luo Zheng hadn't expected.
In other words, Yao Ye seemed to be even stronger than Luo Zheng …
Pei Tianyao was forced to retreat step by step, and he was finally forced to the edge of the arena.
The barrier of light was behind him, and if he continued to retreat, he would either have to admit defeat or face Yao Ye's sword dance.
In other words, he had no way to retreat.
As he gazed at Yao Ye who was growing closer and closer to him, Pei Tianyao pressed his palms together once more. There was a Buddhist seal in his eyes, a golden Buddhist seal.
"Suffering in the body is beneficial to the heart. Not shaken by the outside world, and not aroused by the heart …."
Pei Tianyao muttered silently, and he seemed to have given up on resisting Yao Ye's sword dance that was approaching him step by step.
However, the Buddhist seal in his eye suddenly shattered, and the shattered Buddhist seal completely filled his right eye. From the looks of it, his right eye blossomed with rays of golden light.
There was no need for anyone to say anything. Everyone knew that Pei Tianyao was about to go berserk.
However, Pei Tianyao had even utilized the Immovable Wisdom King's projection. So, what other trump cards did he have that were even more formidable than the Immovable Wisdom King's projection?
Of course, after his right eye emitted a golden light, the right eye of the Immovable Wisdom King behind him also emitted a golden light. Under this golden light, the Immovable Wisdom King's shattered palm reformed once again.
At the instant the palm was reformed, Pei Tianyao pressed his palms together once more. When he separated his palms, a ball of flame had appeared in his palm, and it was a dark green ball of flame.
Just like Pei Tianyao, an even larger ball of flame had appeared in the Immovable Wisdom King's palm as well!

Chapter 302
Karmic fire, the fire of evil. Evil karma harms people like fire, also known as the fire that burns sinners in hell.
In Buddhism, there were two types of flames that were the most powerful. One was the True Fire of Emptiness of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, and the other was the Fire of Karma.
One must know that the merits of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas were inconceivable, and so was the karma of all living beings!
"My Green Lotus is born in a chaotic world. Although it is evil when it is born, it is not for the sake of pollution. It is only for the sake of burning the myriad worlds and turning them into an endless hell of fire …"
After the surging Green Lotus Karmic Fire bloomed in Pei Tianyao's hand, it split into two flames, one large and one small. The small one bloomed with thousands of lotus flowers and burned towards Yao Ye, whereas the enormous Green Lotus Karmic Fire in the Acala's hand smashed towards the ground.
The power of the Green Lotus Karmic Fire was far beyond anyone's imagination!
Yao Ye who'd originally relied on his baleful energy to act in an overbearing manner had actually been instantly melted by the pressure of that tiny Karmic Flame!
Even though Yao Ye possessed a huge amount of baleful energy, it would probably only be able to persist for a few breaths of time. Luo Zheng issued a command in his heart when he noticed this, and he made Yao Ye withdraw with Flowing Light.
Yao Ye transformed into specks of light that returned to Luo Zheng's body while Luo Zheng put the Lightstream Sword into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng's method of pressing Pei Tianyao step by step finally made Pei Tianyao really angry!
When a commoner is angry, blood splatters everywhere. When an emperor is angry, millions of corpses will fall! The wrath of the Buddha burned the myriad worlds!
The raging fire emitted by the Green Lotus Karmic Fire made it difficult for the 100,000 Blue Cloud Sect disciples around the arena to breathe. Many disciples began to become restless and began to run away. Some even trampled on each other. For a time, all kinds of curses and shouts rose and fell.
These disciples had learned their lesson.
Watching the show was one thing. If the Green Lotus Karmic Fire were to come out, wouldn't they be burned to ashes? Then it wouldn't be worth it. It wasn't like this hadn't happened before. Several times, the battle in the arena had affected the disciples outside. For example, the dragon roar in the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun had injured the souls of many disciples participating in the All-Peak Grand Competition.
The disciples who were able to participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition were all top-notch in their respective peaks. The strength of the 100,000 disciples who came to watch the battle today was far inferior to before. If they didn't run early, they would probably be burned to ashes.
Buddhas were restraining and would not inflict karmic fire on other innocent living beings.
When the huge ball of Green Lotus Hellfire in the hands of the Acalanatha phantom smashed down, a mysterious rune suddenly appeared on the ground of the arena. It was this rune that firmly restrained the huge ball of Green Lotus Hellfire in the arena.
The surrounding elders also noticed that Pei Tianyao's attack was too powerful, so they were prepared to work together to stabilize the barrier. However, they soon discovered that the Green Lotus Hellfire was very restrained. It was only able to maintain the Hellfire in the arena and did not let it escape!
One of the elders shook his head and sighed. "This Buddha's Fire is really strange. I've never seen any cultivation method that can restrict the spread of its power." With the strength and vision of this elder, he could also display the same level of attack as Pei Tianyao, but he couldn't precisely control the power in the arena.
"Because of this, all the flames can't escape and are all concentrated in the arena. The power of the fire is more concentrated and powerful. Luo Zheng in the arena will be miserable …" Another elder nodded and said.
After realizing that the terrifying Green Lotus Karmic Fire would not escape from the battle stage, the disciples calmed down. However, Luo Zheng was completely submerged in the Green Lotus Karmic Fire. The entire battle stage had turned into a raging hell of karmic fire!
This hellfire was very special. Just by looking at it, it gave people a soul-stirring feeling. It seemed that this flame could burn the soul!
"Oh, just looking at this flame makes my eyes hurt. What would it feel like to be burned by this flame?"
"You can go up and have a try. The hellfire is the flame from the 18 layers of hell. I guarantee that you will feel good!"
"I don't know what will happen to Luo Zheng in this hellfire? Will he be able to withstand the hellfire? "
At this moment, most people were not worried about Luo Zheng's victory or defeat, but Luo Zheng's safety! After all, Pei Tianyao's hellfire was too terrible. It was a fatal killer move.
Thinking of Luo Zheng's previous fight with Pei Tianyao, it was definitely a wrong decision. Pei Tianyao was the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King. If he angered the Buddha, would he have a good end?
The most talented disciple in the history of the Blue Cloud Sect will not fall like this, right?
Zhu Qianning's face was also deeply worried. Although Luo Zheng's performance was too outstanding, which made Zhu Qianning very depressed, how could she not care about Luo Zheng?
However, at this moment, someone was planning to enter the arena. This person was Luo Yan.
She was not sure whether her brother could survive the hellfire, but she understood that she must not let her brother be in such danger!
Luo Yan's figure turned into a stream of light and quickly approached the battlefield. Strands of True Essence formed a True Essence Ring that floated around her. That True Essence Ring instantly turned into spikes that flickered with black light. If one wanted to enter the battlefield, they had to first break through the light curtain barrier in front of them.
But at this moment, an elder appeared in front of Luo Yan.
"You can't go in. The outcome of the battle has not been decided yet." The elder stood in the air with his hands behind his back.
Luo Yan had participated in the All-Sect Competition. How could she not know the rules of the arena? Unless one side admitted defeat or fainted, the outcome would not be decided. But in this hellfire, she could not even see Luo Zheng's figure. How could she judge?
"Get out of the way!" Luo Yan's beautiful eyes were like two clear springs, but her gaze was incomparably cold. In her opinion, no matter how important the rules of the arena were, it was not as important as her brother's life!
"The rules of the arena are here. I'm afraid this old man can't get out of the way." The elder shook his head.
Luo Yan looked at the hellfire that was burning more and more fiercely. Her originally cold eyes exuded wisps of fierce killing intent. The Zhenqi in her body surged out as if it was free, turning into a large number of black spikes. Each spike flashed with a dim light and was aimed at the elder in front of her.
"Do you want to compete with this old man?" The elder said in a deep voice. Then, a huge astrolabe appeared behind the elder. An extremely deep starry sky power came from the elder's body.
Luo Yan was confronting the elder!
Because the hellfire in the arena continued to burn, in fact, nothing could be seen inside. Everyone's attention was easily attracted by the dispute next to the arena.
"Everyone look, it looks like they're going to fight! Didn't Luo Zheng greet that woman with the gauze before? "
"Looking at her age, she seems to be about the same as us. She actually dares to confront the elder, and her aura doesn't seem to be inferior at all …"
"It looks like she wants to go in and save people. Is she really Luo Zheng's woman? Why are all Luo Zheng's women so strong? There's no justice in this world! "
There was no doubt that every elder of the Blue Cloud Sect was an old monster who had lived for hundreds of years. No matter which elder it was, their strength was not weak. However, Luo Yan did not think so much.
Seeing that Luo Yan was about to fight with the elder, someone suddenly shouted, "Eh? Everyone look, I think I saw Luo Zheng! "
"No way? Luo Zheng didn't burn to ashes under the hellfire? Hm? It's true. Why is his body shining with golden light? Don't tell me this guy also cultivated the Invincible Vajra Body? "The second person quickly found Luo Zheng's figure.
Hearing this, Luo Yan looked at the arena. As expected, she saw Luo Zheng's body shining with golden light. Under the burning of the Green Lotus Hellfire, Luo Zheng was not harmed at all. Moreover, the golden whirlpools on Luo Zheng's body seemed to be absorbing the flames?
There was no need to elaborate on the terrifying power of the hellfire. Brother was actually absorbing the flames into his body? How could his internal organs withstand the burning of the hellfire?
Luo Yan couldn't figure it out. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to be unharmed. The Green Lotus Hellfire did not cause any harm to him. Luo Yan's heart was relieved. So, she looked at the elder with her big eyes. Her eyes even showed a trace of playful apology.
Facing such a little girl, the elder couldn't get angry and could only let it go. He shook his head, thinking that this little girl cared too much about Luo Zheng.
Pei Tianyao, who was standing in the hellfire, couldn't feel the heat of the hellfire. He felt as if he had fallen into an ice cellar. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng …

Chapter 303
For a long time, what Pei Tianyao was most proud of was not his strength, but his state of mind.
As the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King, he had a unique Buddha nature that transcended all things. No matter how big things happened, he could maintain a calm mind. As the saying goes, the heart is the Buddha, and a calm mind is the way.
Therefore, his state of mind was like the shore of a lake, remaining calm at all times.
But today, first there were ripples, and then there were huge waves. At this moment, his state of mind was already turned upside down.
Pei Tianyao really felt that he was about to vomit blood. How did Luo Zheng do it?
How terrifying was the power of the Cyan Lotus Hellfire? He was very clear about it.
If Luo Zheng had used some kind of secret method to temporarily resist the Green Lotus Hellfire, Pei Tianyao would feel better. However, the problem was that Luo Zheng was not afraid of the Hellfire at all. He was not afraid of the Hellfire at all. Instead, a whirlpool appeared on his body and swallowed the Green Lotus Hellfire.
If this kind of thing happened to anyone, it would be an unacceptable thing.
When he dealt with Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao hid several cards. In his opinion, it should be more than enough to deal with Luo Zheng. However, no matter which card he used, Luo Zheng restrained him. He did not want to use the Cyan Lotus Hellfire, or rather, he never thought that Luo Zheng could force out his Cyan Lotus Hellfire.
When he was forced to the edge of the arena by Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Pei Tianyao also thought that Luo Zheng might have other special means to resist his Cyan Lotus Hellfire.
The problem was that even if he could resist it for a while, it was impossible to resist it forever. The Hellfire could last for a long time, and Pei Tianyao was not an idiot. Even if Luo Zheng really had a way to resist the Hellfire for a while, he was afraid that he would not be able to resist him again.
As a result, Luo Zheng was more thorough. He did not resist the Cyan Lotus Hellfire, but directly absorbed it.
Pei Tianyao did not have the opportunity to make a move. At this time, he really wanted to ask, where did Luo Zheng absorb the Green Lotus Hellfire?
The Green Lotus Hellfire was naturally absorbed into Luo Zheng's body. It was a deadly flame for others, but for Luo Zheng's body, it was a good thing to refine his body.
After being beaten by Pei Tianyao for a long time, Luo Zheng felt warm inside his body, which made him feel very comfortable.
Now that he was being burned by the Green Lotus Hellfire, Luo Zheng felt that his body's condition was increasing. However, the burning sensation didn't make Luo Zheng feel uncomfortable. Instead, it made Luo Zheng feel warm.
It was like a blacksmith forging a weapon. First, he hammered it, then smelted it, then hammered it again.
This process has been accompanied by Luo Zheng's Xuan Weapon Physique all the way until now.
The golden vortex on the surface of Luo Zheng's body absorbed the Green Lotus Hellfire faster and faster. The Green Lotus Hellfire in the arena was originally raging, but because it was firmly confined by the runes on the ground, the fire did not spread. Instead, it was concentrated on the arena.
At first, the Hellfire was burning fiercely. It seemed to be burning more and more fiercely.
However, as Luo Zheng continued to absorb the Hellfire, the fire gradually decreased. At this time, some sharp-eyed disciples and Luo Yan were able to see the people in the arena.
Later, the Green Lotus Hellfire gradually became sparse. It was constantly being absorbed by the golden vortex on the surface of Luo Zheng's body.
After the last Hellfire was absorbed by Luo Zheng, the entire arena was finally quiet.
Luo Zheng's face showed a touch of joy. With the help of Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Hellfire, another spiritual pattern appeared on Luo Zheng's chest. There were three spiritual patterns! In other words, Luo Zheng's body was now a high-grade spiritual tool!
As long as he tempered it again, perhaps Luo Zheng's body could become an immortal weapon. Luo Zheng wondered what changes would happen to his body after becoming an immortal weapon.
Seeing this scene, Pei Tianyao shook his head. "Don't fight, don't fight." Pei Tianyao was very straightforward. Although he still had a few skills that he had not used, when he thought about how his Green Lotus Hellfire could not do anything to Luo Zheng, he was afraid that it would be futile to continue fighting.
In fact, Pei Tianyao was unlucky to meet Luo Zheng.
Because even Hua Tianming did not lose to Luo Zheng so miserably, and Pei Tianyao was obviously stronger than Hua Tianming.
The reason for this was that Pei Tianyao's trump cards just happened to be countered by Luo Zheng.
For example, the Golden Bell Barrier that Pei Tianyao had used at the beginning was destroyed by Luo Zheng's overbearing brute force. After that, Pei Tianyao used the Invincible Vajra Body, but he was unable to shake Luo Zheng's spiritual tool body at all.
Next was the Immovable Wisdom King's projection. Originally, Luo Zheng did not have a good way to deal with this move, and Luo Zheng should have fallen into a bitter battle.
However, due to a freak combination of factors, Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, had actually used a 'sword dance' to display her baleful aura to the limit! Even the Heavenly Punishment Sword was no match for the Immovable Wisdom King's projection. However, such a powerful move had been completely destroyed by Yao Ye's' sword dance '.
Luo Zheng was very surprised by this as well. He himself did not know why Yao Ye was so strong.
Next was Pei Tianyao's trump card. If it was anyone else who saw the Green Lotus Karmic Flames, that person would have admitted defeat immediately without even fighting. How could one resist such terrifying Karmic Flames?
This was the most unfortunate thing about Pei Tianyao ….
Luo Zheng was not afraid of any flames. On the contrary, his body yearned for the refinement of flames. The Karmic Flames of Karmic Flames were true hell to others, but to Luo Zheng's body, it was like a pool of meat. He would jump in and eat to his heart's content.
Therefore, Pei Tianyao had lost unjustly.
"Brother Tianyao, there's no need to feel depressed. Your strength isn't inferior to mine. It's just that these few things just happen to be countered by me …." Luo Zheng naturally understood Pei Tianyao's depression. Anyone would feel depressed in his place!
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, Pei Tianyao suddenly closed his eyes, pressed his palms together, and took a deep breath. When he opened his eyes again, the expression on his face had returned to normal. "Ginseng is like a boat, dharma is like a raft. Good dharma leads the way to the other side. If I can't even accept this, then how can I swim to the other side? Thank you! Luo Zheng! "
Because of this coincidence, Pei Tianyao was awakened. Pei Tianyao was originally the reincarnation of the Acala Wisdom King. He was extremely intelligent. Grasping this opportunity, he could comprehend more things. At this moment, his mind lake calmed down.
Then, he turned to the referee and said. "I admit defeat."
The referee nodded his head. The result of the competition was finally settled. He announced. "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, wins. Pro-Disciple Pei Tianyao, loses!"
After the referee announced the result of Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao's fight, an elder came up to the stage to announce the ranking of the Green Cloud Leaderboard.
Everyone was discussing animatedly. Even though the rankings of the Azure Sky Rankings were out, the final result was still Luo Zheng taking first place. Just as everyone was sighing with emotion, a white light suddenly appeared from the south.
From afar, it looked like a meteor streaking across the starry sky. It was flying towards them.
Under everyone's gaze, the white light was quickly approaching.
Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao's eyes were fixed on the white light. When it was a few li away, the two of them discovered that the white light was a person using Zhen Yuan to fly. The problem was that the person was only a hundred zhang away from the stage, but he didn't have the slightest intention of slowing down. Instead, he kept his head down.
Fifty zhang, thirty zhang, ten zhang … …
"Hey." Luo Zheng wanted to remind him, but it was too late.
"Bang!"
The person wrapped in the white light directly hit the stage. Because of the huge inertia, even after a fierce impact, he didn't stop. His whole body was like a rubber ball rolling on the stage for more than ten laps before finally stopping. Then, he climbed up from the ground. Because his head directly hit the stage, it seemed like half of his neck was crooked. He stretched out his hands to grab his head and heavily twisted it, making a "Ka Ka" sound. Then, he breathed a sigh of relief and seemed to feel a lot more comfortable.
It was a young man in his early twenties. His appearance was handsome, but his facial features always gave people a kind of uncoordinated and even comical feeling.
Although the way he appeared was very embarrassing, and even shameful, no one dared to doubt his strength. If an ordinary person hit the ground head first, their head would have been broken. But this guy didn't have the slightest injury. This was his ability … …
Pei Tianyao sighed. Whenever this guy appeared, he would make a big scene. But even though he sighed, he still respectfully called out: "Big Brother."
He was the real number one on the Green Cloud Leaderboard. He was also the real big brother of the Blue Cloud Sect's hundreds of thousands of disciples, Li Yifeng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 304
Li Yifeng's appearance was really too cool. Hundreds of thousands of people were stunned to see this scene.
Since he was able to fly in the sky, it showed that this guy was at least above the Illuminating God realm. Stepping into the Illuminating God realm was enough to show that his talent was not weak, but his performance was like an idiot.
"Who is this idiot?" A disciple asked.
"Shh, lower your voice, I didn't expect Pei Tianyao to call him big brother. It should be Li Yifeng! "
"Isn't Li Yifeng in closed-door training? Why did he come out at this time? In other words, the competition is not over yet? "
After seeing Pei Tianyao lose, many disciples were waiting for the elders to announce the changes in the ranking list, but they did not expect that at the last moment, Li Yifeng would appear.
This time, there was something to see!
After all, the hundred thousand disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had spent one point, which was equivalent to two square crystals. In an ordinary county, these two square crystals were equivalent to the assets of an ordinary family.
However, seeing Li Yifeng's idiotic appearance, they didn't know if he could fight.
"Hey, Tianyao! Look at your dead fish face, did you lose? "Li Yifeng said with a smile.
Pei Tianyao nodded, "My strength is not good enough, losing is a matter of course." Although he called Li Yifeng 'big brother', but Pei Tianyao really didn't want to talk to this guy. This Li Yifeng was a troublesome seed.
Obviously, Li Yifeng was not so easy to fool. He stepped forward and put his arm on Pei Tianyao's shoulder and said with a smile: "What do you mean by a matter of course? You should be very dissatisfied, right? I see that the opposite kid is only at Xiantian second stage! You are really shameful, do you want me to help you get back at him? I guarantee that I will beat him until his mother doesn't recognize him. "
"No need, big brother, the competition is just to learn from each other, not to create hatred … …" Pei Tianyao's face was already black. This guy was really difficult to deal with.
"I think it is still necessary! Why don't you just copy a few of the basic Buddhist cultivation techniques that you have learned and use them as payment? "Li Yifeng said with a smile.
Pei Tianyao cursed in his heart. Good your mother, but his mouth still said: "No need, big brother, I still have things to do … …"
While Li Yifeng and Pei Tianyao were still confused, the elder who announced the ranking said: "Pei Tianyao, did you have a breakthrough in your retreat?"
"Yes, and I broke through two levels in a row, jumping from Stage Three to Stage Six." Li Yifeng stretched as he spoke, as if increasing his level was as simple as eating and sleeping.
If there were some ancient treasures or super elixirs, it was true that they could help a warrior make a quick breakthrough in the Divine Realm. However, these kinds of elixirs were very rare in the Eastern Territory. Most of the elixirs that the alchemists of the Eastern Territory could refine were geared towards the Xiantian realm.
Moreover, Li Yifeng's foundation was very stable. Clearly, he did not rely on medicinal pills. He completely relied on his own ability to break through three levels in a row. This talent was indeed very shocking.
"Yes, that's right. Since you've reached the sixth layer of the Divine Radiant Realm, you should be removed from the Azure Cloud Rankings. I'll now announce the final ranking of this year's competition," said the elder.
According to the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect, there was an upper limit to the strength requirement of the Peak Competition and the ranking of the Blue Cloud Proclamation. The strongest could not exceed the third layer of the Divine Illumination Realm. After exceeding this level, one would be automatically removed from the list and not counted.
According to the strength that Li Yifeng had registered before, he was indeed qualified to participate in the Honor Roll. However, as soon as he came out of his retreat, he directly jumped from Stage Three to Stage Six. He was not far away from the extreme Xiantian realm. In other words, it would not be long before his cultivation could be comparable to those Enlightened Masters, or even the slightly weaker elders.
Moreover, Li Yifeng's foundation was stable, unlike many Enlightened Masters and elders in the Blue Cloud Sect who could not break through and had to rely on medicinal pills to reach this level. In terms of strength, he was probably not too far away from those Enlightened Masters.
Under such circumstances, it was simply unfair to let Li Yifeng participate in the Honor Roll.
"No! Elder Ge! I was a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect when I was alive, and I will also be a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect when I die. Why did you remove my name? I must fight in this Peak Wide Competition! Although I've broken through, the name list is from this year's All-Peak Tournament! "Li Yifeng argued.
Elder Ge was a bit hesitant at this moment. Li Yifeng's situation was a bit special. He was indeed registered as someone who was qualified to participate in the competition, but he had been in seclusion all this time and only came out at the end of the competition.
"Fight! What's there to talk about? Isn't it just a fight? "
"We want to see! Since Li Yifeng is a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, why can't he participate in the Honor Roll? "
"I think so too. It doesn't matter if he fights one more time!"
At the critical moment, many disciples began to make a fuss.
From their point of view, to be able to watch one more fight, especially to be able to see Li Yifeng fight Luo Zheng, was definitely a gain for them! After all, they had spent their points. Although Li Yifeng looked like an idiot, who asked him to be so strong?
One hundred thousand disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect started to make a fuss, and the others followed suit. Looking at the enthusiastic crowd below, Elder Ge gradually wavered, but he was still a little hesitant. Luo Zheng had created a miracle, but his strength was not on the same level as Li Yifeng's. Luo Zheng had no chance of winning this fight, which was a bit of a bully.
Seeing so many people supporting him, Li Yifeng stared at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a little sheep. At the same time, he said, "Elder Ge, you see, everyone is waiting for this fight. I say you should make a decision quickly!"
At this moment, Luo Yan, who was originally outside the arena, came over and shouted, "Li Yifeng?"
When Li Yifeng heard this voice, he felt that it was somewhat familiar. Soon, he remembered something, and his face suddenly changed from a smiling face to a bitter one. "You, you are …"
"You dare to call me by my name?" Luo Yan took two steps forward and stared at Li Yifeng with a pair of beautiful eyes.
"This," Li Yifeng's face revealed an embarrassed expression. After thinking for a while, he immediately shook his head. "I don't dare!"
Luo Yan covered her face, but her eyes curved slightly. She chuckled and said, "Then what should you call me?"
"This, this …" Li Yifeng was even more embarrassed. "In front of so many people, do you have to be like this …" He seemed to have a very important weakness in Luo Yan's hands.
"Humph, did you forget the oath you swore?" Luo Yan said coldly.
Li Yifeng really regretted it. Originally, as soon as he came out of seclusion, he was shocked to hear that a super genius had appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, he hurriedly rushed over. When he arrived, Pei Tianyao had already lost. Li Yifeng was very interested in the genius disciple who defeated Pei Tianyao with a strength of Xiantian second stage. He didn't expect to meet Luo Yan here. Wasn't she imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain? If he had known earlier that she was here, Li Yifeng wouldn't have come here today. To be honest, he wasn't interested in the rewards of the All-Peak Competition. Moreover, with his current cultivation, even if he defeated Luo Zheng, the Sect Master might not give him the rewards!
When the oath was mentioned, Li Yifeng immediately withered like a frosted eggplant. In the end, he still lowered his head and called out weakly, "Great aunt!"
"En, good boy!" Luo Yan said with a satisfied smile.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless. What the hell was going on? Luo Yan was even younger than him, and this Li Yifeng was at least twenty years old. How could he call Luo Yan 'great aunt'? Moreover, this Li Yifeng, with his strength, was so obedient in front of Luo Yan.
The onlooking disciples were also stunned at this moment.
Li Yifeng called the masked woman 'great aunt'?
Although Li Yifeng was a bit stupid, but now he was the real number one disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. How could he call that woman 'great aunt'? Who was this masked woman? Didn't they say that she was Luo Zheng's woman?
Therefore, all kinds of guesses came out. Some said that she was Shi Jingtian's daughter, and some said that she was Luo Yan. In short, there were all kinds of guesses.
"Do you really want to fight with Luo Zheng?" Luo Yan asked again.
Li Yifeng's heart was already very tangled. Although he really wanted to fight with Luo Zheng and beat him up, at this moment, Luo Yan was here, so he was not in the mood.
"If you really want to fight, it's not impossible, but you are now in the sixth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. It's too unfair to fight with Luo Zheng. Even if you win, you are bullying the weak. It's not interesting. Why don't you just compete with swords? Don't use Zhen Yuan, just compete with swords," Luo Yan suggested.
Hearing Luo Yan's suggestion, Elder Ge's eyes also lit up! "This suggestion is good. Li Yifeng, you also use swords. The two of you will compete with swords. This is fair!"
In fact, Elder Ge had seen Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship. Although Elder Ge's strength was not at the top among the elders, his ranking was not bad. With his vision, how could he not see the horror of Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship? Therefore, Elder Ge supported this decision. In fact, it was clear that he wanted to trap Li Yifeng.
Pei Tianyao, who was next to him, also laughed in his heart. This time, Li Yifeng would be tricked. Compared with Luo Zheng's strength, Li Yifeng would win without any suspense. However, compared with Luo Zheng's swordsmanship? Hehe!
"Swordsmanship?" Li Yifeng pinched his nose and said casually, "I, Li Yifeng, am not afraid of anyone in swordsmanship! Okay! In the last battle, we will decide the winner with swordsmanship! "
Luo Yan had seen Luo Zheng condense a sword spirit before, so she guessed that Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was not low. However, she had not seen the power of Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship. The reason why she suggested this was because she did not want to see Li Yifeng crush Luo Zheng with absolute strength.

Chapter 305
When Li Yifeng saw Luo Yan, he was like a cat seeing a mouse. There was a reason for this.
Back then, Luo Yan was Jade Maiden Peak's top disciple. Her talent was extremely high, and her strength was also extremely great. She wasn't inferior to even those personal disciples.
The key was that Luo Yan's rise was completely different from Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng silently and suddenly rose up. Even though there were a few people in the Blue Cloud Sect who had witnessed Luo Zheng's outstanding strength and talent, there were only those few people. For example, Meng Changjun, Zhao Zhao, and the others, and then there were Xiao Yufeng's people.
Meanwhile, Luo Yan was different. Back then, she was directly accepted as a genius disciple. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect, she received all types of care. It could be said that she grew up under everyone's eyes. The amount of attention she received was definitely many times greater than Luo Zheng's. Because of this, Luo Yan's path in the Blue Cloud Sect was actually quite smooth.
For Luo Yan, the only troublesome thing was that she had to deal with all types of pursuers …
Luo Yan's appearance was like a fairy. She was popular, and her talent was extremely high. Moreover, she was a female disciple that the Blue Cloud Sect focused on nurturing. It would be strange if this type of outstanding young lady didn't have any pursuers.
Normally, warriors with slightly weaker strength, or warriors who didn't have outstanding talent but had decent family backgrounds, under Luo Yan's powerful aura, couldn't raise the courage to pursue her at all.
That was why the ones who dared to pursue Luo Yan and actually took action were naturally the seven great landowning families' elite disciples.
Among them, the most radical one was Yun Family's first son, Yun Fang. In the end, he also paid a bitter price. Luo Yan crippled his family jewels with a single strike. Meanwhile, the Blue Cloud Sect also used this reason to imprison Luo Yan in Purgatory Mountain …
Li Yifeng, as a well-known figure among the pro-disciples, could barely be regarded as one of them. However, Li Yifeng was somewhat crazy. At that time, he was urged by other disciples to come over and take liberties with Luo Yan.
At that time, Li Yifeng's strength was ranked first on the Green Sky Proclamation. This strength was far more powerful than Luo Yan's. It would be very difficult for Luo Yan to deal with Li Yifeng.
However, in a flash of inspiration, Luo Yan chose to bet with Li Yifeng.
Li Yifeng was indeed very strong. It could be said that his talent was not on the same level as the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. Even if he was placed in a large sect, he could be promoted to a core disciple immediately.
Logically speaking, he had easily obtained first place in the previous All-Peak Competition, so he had a very high chance of passing the trial on the Azure Clouds Road and advancing to the Cloud Hall.
It was said that he had indeed embarked on the Blue Clouds Road, but halfway there, he suddenly felt sleepy and actually fell asleep on the Blue Clouds Road …
Being able to walk the Azure Clouds Road, regardless of whether they passed or not, was probably the lifelong dream of many Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
However, Li Yifeng actually fell asleep on the Azure Clouds Road …
This matter made Sect Master Shi Jingtian extremely furious. He originally hoped that Li Yifeng could pass the trial on the Azure Clouds Road and step into the Cloud Hall, becoming a core disciple of the Cloud Hall. However, in the end, he actually fell asleep. As such, after leaving the Azure Clouds Road, Shi Jingtian directly threw Li Yifeng into Purgatory Mountain and locked him up for a year!
From this, one could see Li Yifeng's strength, but at the same time, one could see his idiocy.
It was precisely because of this point that Luo Yan made a bet with Li Yifeng. The result was obvious. Li Yifeng lost the bet. Luo Yan's strength might not be as good as Li Yifeng's, but in terms of intelligence, Li Yifeng was far from Luo Yan's. She practically played Li Yifeng in circles.
Since the first time wasn't enough, Li Yifeng had to make a second bet …
The first bet was on Li Yifeng's large amount of points, the second bet was on Li Yifeng's sword, and the third bet was on Li Yifeng's family fortune. As such, she bet that Li Yifeng would have to call her 'great aunt' whenever they met.
Even though Li Yifeng was an idiot, he still understood his own limits. As the great senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect, calling a little junior sister who was many years older than him 'great aunt' was just too shameful.
As such, ever since then, whenever Li Yifeng saw Luo Yan, he would always take a detour. When he truly couldn't avoid her, he would even obediently call her 'great aunt'.
Three years ago, he had easily won the first place in the All-Peak Competition. In the past three years, his strength had improved by leaps and bounds. If he were to compete with Luo Zheng with his current cultivation and strength, he would indeed be bullying the weak.
However, since Elder Ge accepted this suggestion, and Luo Zheng that brat didn't oppose it either, he was naturally happy to do so.
Even though he couldn't use true essence, Li Yifeng was still extremely confident in his own sword art!
"Since it's purely a competition of sword moves, then if you lose, you can't say that I'm bullying the weak. You'll be convinced! Right? "Li Yifeng blinked his eyes and stared at Luo Zheng as he asked.
Luo Zheng nodded: "Sword moves have nothing to do with strength. What we're competing on is the comprehension of sword arts. Naturally, I won't think that you're bullying the weak."
"That's good!" Li Yifeng laughed mischievously. Suddenly, he pulled out a sword from his Sumeru Ring. The sword's appearance was ordinary, and its grade wasn't high either. It was only a high-grade profound weapon.
As the great senior brother of the several hundred thousand disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, everyone originally thought that he would pull out at least an immortal weapon, or even a mid-grade immortal weapon. They didn't expect that it would only be a profound weapon …
One had to know that some outer sect disciples could use high-grade profound weapons.
Li Yifeng probably felt that the profound weapon in his hand was somewhat unsuitable for his identity, so he just smiled awkwardly.
He had no other choice. He did have an immortal weapon before, but that immortal weapon was lost to Luo Yan. Now, it seemed that Luo Yan didn't want to return the sword to him. He could only use a profound weapon.
"Whoosh!" At this moment, Luo Zheng also pulled out his Flowing Light Sword. The shiny sword reflected Luo Zheng's dignified expression. This Li Yifeng was too strong. He was far stronger than Pei Tianyao. Although he looked crazy, Li Yifeng just stood there casually. Luo Zheng couldn't see any flaws!
Luo Zheng estimated that even if three Pei Tianyaos attacked at the same time, he was afraid that they would only be able to fight to a draw.
Right now, he was not Li Yifeng's opponent!
If it was a simple competition of sword skills, he was afraid that he still had the power to fight. After all, sword skills had nothing to do with Qi and cultivation. However, Luo Zheng was still very cautious!
"Well, boy, your momentum is not bad, but …" Li Yifeng's face showed a strange expression, "Are you planning to use basic sword skills to compete with me?"
Luo Zheng nodded, "Exactly!"
"You are looking down on people too much! I don't want to compete! "Li Yifeng shook his head," If you don't want to compete, then just say it. Using basic sword skills to compete with me? You are insulting me! "
"If you don't want to compete, then just admit defeat," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Admit defeat? Funny! You want me to admit defeat by using basic sword skills to compete with me? How about this, if you can force me to use my sword, I will call you God Grandfather! " Li Yifeng sneered. Moreover, he had an indignant look on his face. Obviously, he felt that he had been greatly insulted.
As soon as Li Yifeng said this, all the 100,000 disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, as well as Luo Yan, Elder Ge, and the others, looked at him as if he was an idiot.
Everyone had the same thought in their minds, "This guy is really an idiot."
Li Yifeng had been in seclusion, so naturally, he did not have the chance to watch the All-Sect Competition. However, the disciples present were either present at the All-Sect Competition or watched it through the letter tablet.
For Luo Zheng's strange and powerful basic sword skills, it was still fresh in their minds.
Although Li Yifeng's strength was there, if it was a simple competition of sword skills, no one thought that Luo Zheng would lose to Li Yifeng in sword skills. At most, they would be evenly matched.
This idiot actually wanted Luo Zheng to force him to use his sword and call him God Grandfather?
Previously, he had called Luo Yan Grand-aunt. If Luo Zheng really forced him to use his sword, he would call him God Grandfather. Was this the rhythm of good things coming in pairs?
Of course, because Li Yifeng had always been an idiot, no one reminded Li Yifeng. It was tantamount to setting a trap for himself and then crawling into it.
"In that case, so be it!" Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk nonsense with this idiot. As soon as his voice fell, he directly used his sword.
Luo Zheng's first move was the most common thrust sword. It was the most common "Straight Thrust Sword".
Li Yifeng was still a little indifferent at first. He could dodge this basic sword skill with his eyes closed. However, just as he moved to dodge, his expression changed greatly.

Chapter 306
The expressions on the faces of the hundred thousand Blue Cloud Sect disciples were also very interesting.
Everyone knew how powerful Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship was, but this idiot Li Yifeng still boasted that he wouldn't draw his sword. His brain was simply flooded with water.
Everyone had this kind of mentality.
For example, Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship had already greatly shocked them before. They subconsciously felt that Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship was very strong. When this perception was deeply ingrained, Li Yifeng boasted that he looked down on Luo Zheng. Everyone spontaneously brought this feeling into their minds.
It was as if Li Yifeng looking down on Luo Zheng was also looking down on the knowledge of so many people. Therefore, these disciples were very happy to see Li Yifeng suffer!
The hundred thousand Blue Cloud Sect disciples all had the same thought in their hearts: Who asked you to show off, kid? You think you're invincible just because you're the senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect? Let's see how you break it, kid! Let's see if you call me your god-grandfather or not!
Li Yifeng boasted, but at this time, he was really suffering.
What the hell was Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship?
This was indeed a basic swordsmanship that couldn't be more ordinary. It was even the simplest basic swordsmanship, the "Flat Stab Sword".
To put it bluntly, it was just a stab forward. Many swordsmen learned the "Flat Stab Sword" when they first practiced the sword. And in order to build a good foundation, teenagers would often practice this stab thousands or even tens of thousands of times when they practiced the "Flat Stab Sword"!
But no matter which direction Li Yifeng looked at it from, this simple stab gave Li Yifeng a feeling that he couldn't dodge it …
This was clearly a basic swordsmanship! How could it have such an effect? Li Yifeng felt that he was going crazy.
Naturally, he didn't know that Luo Zheng had already relied on his basic swordsmanship to shine in the All-Sect Grand Competition. In the eyes of the hundred thousand disciples present, Luo Zheng forcing Li Yifeng to dodge with one stab was a matter of course.
Li Yifeng was the only one who didn't know …
But in the end, Li Yifeng was the strongest genius disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Three years ago, he had the ability to crush everyone.
The strength of all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, let alone the current him?
Seeing Luo Zheng's sword stabbing towards him, he remembered his promise not to draw his sword. He forcibly twisted his body to an extreme angle and dodged Luo Zheng's sword with an extreme movement!
He had only dodged Luo Zheng's first sword, and he was already in such a difficult situation. What more, Luo Zheng still had a second sword? The third sword? The fourth sword …
Li Yifeng had also thought it through. Even if he pushed his movement technique to the limit, it would still be impossible for him to dodge. However, he had boasted before! No matter what, he couldn't unsheathe the sword. If he did, wouldn't he have to call him 'god-grandfather'?
Therefore, at this time, he could only hold on!
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate to stab out a second time, "Sword Sweep"! The blade of the Sword Sweep had to be flat, and the movement was light and fast. The strength of the Sword Sweep was as high as the tip of the little finger and not higher than the knee!
Li Yifeng once again clenched his teeth and did a somersault. The tip of Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword almost grazed his back. If the tip of the Flowing Light Longsword had been a bit higher, he was afraid that he would have been injured.
The third sword, "Sword Touch"!
Li Yifeng relaxed his wrist and suddenly raised his wrist, causing the tip of the Flowing Light Longsword to fiercely peck downwards.
Three basic sword moves, one after the other.
If the first and second sword moves made it difficult for Li Yifeng to back down, by the time of the third sword move, Li Yifeng was already an arrow at the end of its flight. If he didn't draw his sword, he would definitely be hit! And if he was hit during a sword competition, regardless of whether he was injured or not, he would lose.
Clenching his teeth, Li Yifeng finally drew his sword and used his skillful strength to dodge Luo Zheng's "Sword Touch" …
One must know that there were 100,000 pairs of eyes watching the battle. In their opinion, Li Yifeng would draw his sword sooner or later. They just wanted to see how many of Luo Zheng's sword moves Li Yifeng could withstand.
Regarding this, some disciples thought it would be five sword moves, while others thought it would be six sword moves. There were also some who thought that Li Yifeng would be able to withstand more than ten sword moves with his movement technique.
In the end, these people all guessed wrong. Luo Zheng only used three sword moves to force Li Yifeng to draw his sword!
"He drew his sword? Li Yifeng drew his sword?"
"Is he going to call him god-grandfather? I wonder if he will call him god-grandfather? "
"He has to call him god-grandfather! He made a promise in front of so many people, unless he treats his words as farts! “
Li Yifeng's heart was filled with unwillingness and remorse! It was all because of his cheap mouth. Why did he make such a promise for no reason? But what could he do about regret now? Words spoken were like spilled water, not to mention that he had said it in front of 100,000 Blue Cloud Sect disciples!
If he called him god-grandfather, he would lose all face. If he didn't call him god-grandfather, he would lose all credibility.
Luo Zheng held the sword in his hand and didn't say anything. He only looked at Li Yifeng with a smile.
Hesitation, still hesitation …
Li Yifeng felt that he was going crazy.
"Call him grandpa!"
"Call him grandpa!"
"Call him grandpa!"
It was unknown which heartless disciple took the lead to shout. Immediately, more busybodies followed. Then, hundreds of people shouted together, thousands of people shouted together, and finally, tens of thousands of people shouted together …
Seeing this scene, even Elder Ge was dumbfounded. Li Yifeng's popularity wasn't that bad, right? Why were the Blue Cloud Sect disciples so against him?
In fact, it couldn't be said that everyone hated Li Yifeng. Everyone didn't like Luo Zheng.
In fact, if Li Yifeng didn't act so arrogantly, everyone wouldn't treat him like this. From the beginning, Li Yifeng had put himself on a pedestal. For such a person, everyone was happy to see him fall from a pedestal. Moreover, the more miserably he fell, the better!
The sound of hundreds of thousands of people shouting together was enough to shake the heavens and earth. The sound wave was getting louder and louder. This scene would be unforgettable for Li Yifeng for the rest of his life!
Finally, Li Yifeng clenched his teeth and said, "Alright, I'll call!"
Li Yifeng originally wanted to take advantage of the crowd's clamor to call out in a low voice. But at this moment, it was as if the hundred thousand people had come to an agreement. The clamor quickly died down, and all the disciples in the arena fell silent. It was so quiet that even if a needle fell to the ground, it could be heard clearly! Moreover, everyone slightly tilted their head, opened their ears, and stared at Li Yifeng …
"Are you guys playing with me?" Li Yifeng felt that he was about to cry. His personality was carefree and somewhat crazy, but he wasn't really mentally retarded. Otherwise, how could he cultivate to this point?
Realizing that he couldn't fool them, Li Yifeng opened his mouth and shouted, "God grandpa!"
"Pfft!" Not far away, Luo Yan heard him call out 'God grandpa' and finally couldn't help but laugh. Her tall and straight chest was constantly moving up and down, and her waist was like a piece of paper.
She didn't expect that after Li Yifeng called her grandaunt, he would actually have to call Luo Zheng 'God grandpa'. In the end, this guy asked for it! He wasn't worth pitying!
Many disciples also roared with laughter. With so many people roaring with laughter, the sound wave came one after another. This joke was really too big.
Li Yifeng's face was so red that it seemed like it could drip blood. What made him hate even more was that Luo Zheng actually smiled and nodded.
I'm the great senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect. Even if I call you 'God grandpa', you still have the nerve to nod? Fine, I'll make you regret it!
When everyone's laughter gradually dissipated, Li Yifeng said again, "I did underestimate you before. Since that's the case, let's do it again. We'll have a proper sword duel. The loser will call the other party 'God Grandfather'. And every time you see him, you have to call him that. Luo Zheng, do you dare to accept?"
As soon as he said this, Luo Zheng looked at Li Yifeng as if he was looking at a stupid c * nt.
The 100,000 people also looked at Li Yifeng as if they were looking at a stupid c * nt …
Li Yifeng was a stupid c * nt and thought that others were as stupid as him. It was already good enough that Luo Zheng agreed to compete with Luo Zheng using sword moves in the All-Peak Competition. Why would he add such a condition?
Li Yifeng also realized that his request was a bit stupid. He could only clench his teeth and say, "Fine, if you don't agree, then forget it. Then let's have a proper sword competition!"
After saying this, Li Yifeng shook his long sword and pointed the tip of the sword at Luo Zheng! A cold aura burst out from his body.
Even if he was only holding a Xuan Weapon, in Li Yifeng's hand, it looked different. It was as if he was holding an Immortal Weapon, a Sacred Weapon!
This Li Yifeng gave Luo Zheng the feeling of facing the "Ice Sword Celestial Being" on the Massacre Sword Mountain. A person who could become the great senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect was not simple after all!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 307
Apart from being a bit crazy and occasionally a bit muddle-headed, this guy was definitely the strongest opponent Luo Zheng had ever encountered!
If he could use his cultivation method and true essence, Luo Zheng wouldn't be his opponent.
After all, the gap between their realms was too big. Even if Luo Zheng's foundation was solid, Li Yifeng's foundation was also very solid. He had only reached the sixth tier of the Divine Reflection Realm by relying on his solid foundation and not by using medicinal pills.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't worried about this gap. He only needed to follow his own pace and work hard bit by bit. He would eventually surpass Li Yifeng.
Now, Luo Zheng only needed to think about how to defeat him in a contest of sword arts.
"Your basic sword arts are indeed strange. I don't know how it works. The basic sword arts are clearly the most simplified basic sword arts, but your basic sword arts seem to be countless times more simplified than the real basic sword arts. I don't know how you do it, but the power of this simplified sword art doesn't necessarily mean there's no way to break it!"
When a person, especially a capable person, was serious, his aura would often be very powerful and charming! At this moment, Li Yifeng's previous appearance was completely different. It was as if he was a completely different person.
For a moment, many people in the audience couldn't react.
"Watch me use the most complicated sword art to break your extremely simple sword art!" After saying this, the sword in Li Yifeng's hand suddenly began to shake.
With this shake, an endless number of sword flowers suddenly appeared.
Those sword flowers were layered, like thousands of peonies blooming at the same time. The blooming flowers were too much for the eyes to take in.
"Falling Petals Sword Art!" “
After the endless sword flowers appeared, they swept toward Luo Zheng from all directions.
"What a beautiful sword art! What a complicated sword flower! " Looking at the layers upon layers of extremely complicated sword flowers enveloping his head, Luo Zheng had a feeling that he couldn't breathe.
Using a complicated sword art to break my sword art?
Now he saw that Li Yifeng's method was indeed very effective.
At the very least, Luo Zheng couldn't find a way to break it. Not only was this sword art gorgeous, but it was also too complicated. It didn't mean that a complicated sword art had no flaws, but when the sword art was complicated to the extreme, Luo Zheng couldn't find a flaw in it in a short time!
When swordsmen dueled with swords, victory or defeat was usually decided in an instant. How could there be so much time for him to find an opening?
Without any other choice, Luo Zheng pointed the sword tip downwards, and hung it close to the left side of his body. Li Da's purlicue was at the front of the sword blade, while his left hand's sword fingers were attached to his right wrist.
"Hang the sword! “
Hanging Sword was one of the basic swordsmanship moves used for defense. His opponent's swordsmanship was too powerful. Unable to find a way to break it, Luo Zheng could only defend while retreating.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding …"
The moment Luo Zheng raised his long sword, the sword flowers in Li Yifeng's hand poured down on Luo Zheng's sword like a torrential downpour. The collision produced a crisp sound, as if countless fine jade had fallen to the ground.
Luo Zheng retreated seven or eight steps before stabilizing his body. But before he could take a breath, Li Yifeng once again waved the profound weapon in his hand and rushed up!
"Extremely simple sword art? Humph, it's only so-so. How about you break my sword art? Let's see how you break it. Xiantian second stage, with your eyesight, it's impossible for you to break it. My Falling Petals Sword's first stab is divided into twelve sword flowers. The second stab is divided into one hundred and forty-four sword flowers. The third stab is divided into one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight sword flowers! Let's see how you can find a flaw in so many sword flowers! "
Li Yifeng sneered and waved his long sword again. Sword flowers emerged one after another, extremely exaggerated!
Looking at so many sword flowers, Luo Yan frowned. Brother's cultivation was still too low! In fact, brother's basic swordsmanship still had an advantage over Falling Petals Sword.
But a martial artist's strength was a combination.
Previously, Luo Zheng was able to deal with Pei Tianyao because Luo Zheng's foundation was solid and he had several trump cards that were extremely powerful.
However, Luo Zheng's cultivation had always been his shortcoming. If he reached Xiantian Full Circle, his dantian would become full and nourish his soul, allowing him to communicate with heaven and earth.
But after stepping into Illuminating Spirit Realm, there would be earth-shaking changes. It was a very crucial realm in the True Essence system.
With brother's eyesight, as long as he had just stepped into Illuminating Spirit Realm, he would be able to see the flaw in Falling Petals Sword. But if he were to face Falling Petals Sword now, it would be too difficult for him to find the flaw in an instant … …
"Ding ding ding ding … …"
Luo Zheng retreated once again!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was not far from the edge of the arena. If he was forced into a corner by Li Yifeng again, he would face a situation where he could no longer retreat. Then, he would lose without a doubt.
Probably because his swordsmanship had suppressed Luo Zheng, Li Yifeng's face revealed a cynical smile. "Humph, humph, let's see how you will retreat! Give me, defeat! “
Li Yifeng brandished the profound tool sword in his hand once again. As long as Luo Zheng was unable to break his Falling Petals Sword, then this time, Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated. There was no other possibility.
Seeing this scene, Elder Ge shook his head. Luo Zheng was still pushing himself too hard against Li Yifeng. Even if it was a duel of sword moves, this could not be considered a fair duel.
Although Luo Zheng had relied on the Hanging Sword to block two waves of attacks from Li Yifeng, this was already his limit. After all, Luo Zheng had been relying on the Hanging Sword to defend. He was simply unable to counterattack.
And in a duel of sword moves, defense was often the worst strategy. This was because the best defense was offense. This was also why many sword moves completely abandoned defense and only focused on offense. Because as long as the opponent was suppressed and unable to breathe, then victory could be easily obtained.
Li Yifeng took advantage of this point. He simply did not give Luo Zheng any time to think about how to break his moves. He only used three waves of attacks to defeat Luo Zheng!
Just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated, Li Yifeng thought that Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated, and Luo Zheng himself also thought that he would definitely be defeated …
"Ding ding ding — — Clang!"
Li Yifeng's sword continuously slashed Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword. Unexpectedly, it suddenly broke …
"Huh?" Li Yifeng held the broken sword in his hand, and his entire person suddenly froze.
Luo Zheng was also stunned. The 100,000 disciples were also stunned …
No one expected that the duel, which should have ended, would actually end up like this!
And Luo Yan once again giggled.
Li Yifeng's only immortal tool was lost to Luo Yan in a bet. Because he had been busy with closed-door cultivation for a long time, he did not have much time to earn points. Naturally, he also did not exchange for his own immortal tool.
So all along, he had been using an ordinary profound tool to make up the numbers.
This time, he shamelessly participated in the Peak's Grand Tournament. Perhaps, Li Yifeng did not want to walk the Azure Clouds Road. He could use this title to ask Shi Jingtian for an immortal tool.
After all, the first place of the Peak's Grand Tournament did indeed have this reward.
However, how could a profound tool compare to an immortal tool?
There was still a spirit tool in between the two!
If Li Yifeng did not use the Falling Petals Sword, the situation would be better. His sword would not break so quickly. After all, ordinary sword moves would usually end after a few collisions.
The problem was that the Falling Petals Sword's speed was extremely fast. The sword moves were like raindrops, densely chopping Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword.
In a breath's time, it was unknown how many collisions there were, or even hundreds of collisions!
How could a profound tool withstand such fierce collisions?
Therefore, in this fierce collision, the profound tool treasure sword in Li Yifeng's hand broke.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. The sword breaking did not mean that the sword competition was over. After all, this was just a spar. Li Yifeng could borrow another sword.
However, this gave Luo Zheng time to catch his breath. He had to use this time to think of a way to break Li Yifeng's Falling Petals Sword.
He did not know what expression Li Yifeng had on his face right now …
He was clearly about to win, but the broken sword in his hand did not live up to his expectations. It broke at this crucial moment.
He casually threw away the broken sword in his hand and said to Elder Ge with a sad face, "Elder Ge, can you lend me a sword? “
Elder Ge helplessly shook his head, "I don't use a sword. How can I lend you a sword? “
Li Yifeng's gaze swept across the hundred thousand disciples in the arena, "Can someone lend me a sword? “
No one said a word …
"Fuck," Li Yifeng cursed inwardly. What kind of people are these? For better or for worse, this old one is still your great senior brother, yet you don't give me any face. If this old one doesn't go to the Cloud Hall in the future and returns to the Blue Cloud Sect as an elder, I'll deal with you all one by one.
In the end, Li Yifeng's eyes still looked towards Luo Yan. When he was about to say something, Luo Yan spoke first, "What do you plan on calling me? “
Even though Luo Yan left Purgatory Mountain, her identity still had to be kept a secret. That was why she hoped that Li Yifeng would reveal her identity in front of everyone.
Li Yifeng was already used to this. After a sigh, he said, "Alright, great aunt, can you lend me your Cloud Returning Sword? “
"It's your Cloud Returning Sword?" Luo Yan's long, shapely eyebrows stood up.
"Alright, alright, I was wrong. Since the Cloud Returning Sword lost to you, then it's yours. Can you lend me your Cloud Returning Sword? Just for a bit!" In the end, he still didn't have much confidence in borrowing things from others, so Li Yifeng could only speak nicely.
Luo Yan laughed in a carefree and complacent manner for a bit. Then, her smile suddenly disappeared, shaking her head and saying, "Not lending!" “
"Hey, hey … you …" Li Yifeng felt like he wanted to curse out, but right now, only Luo Yan was willing to lend the sword. Moreover, the Cloud Returning Sword was his sword to begin with, only by obtaining the Cloud Returning Sword would he be able to use it freely. How could he dare offend Luo Yan?
In reality, it wasn't that Luo Yan didn't want to lend the sword, it was just that she already saw that Luo Zheng was currently meditating with his eyes closed, as if he was searching for a way to break free. That was why Luo Yan was only helping her older brother stall for time.
This competition wasn't fair to begin with, so as the younger sister, she couldn't be blamed for playing some small tricks!

Chapter 308
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Luo Yan obediently nodded. Since her brother said so, he must have his own way of dealing with it. Thus, she took out the Cloud Returning Sword and handed it to Li Yifeng.
After receiving the Cloud Returning Sword from Luo Yan, he used his hand to continuously stroke it. The Cloud Returning Sword was snow white, and the material was very special. It didn't look like gold or iron, as if it was a kind of wood blade. However, when he flicked the blade with his finger, it made a metallic sound.
"Ai, there's no other way. I can't use true essence, and I still have to use a profound level weapon. This sword move really can't compare. Now that I have my Cloud Returning Sword, it's much better! This Cloud Returning Sword probably won't break again. Luo Zheng, let's see how you block this time! " Li Yifeng's hand lightly moved, and streaks of snow white sword shadows seemed to form a wheel that revolved around Li Yifeng's hand.
Luo Zheng's flowing light sword lightly shook. He didn't answer Li Yifeng's words and only said indifferently, "Make your move." “
Li Yifeng, holding the Cloud Returning Sword, once again shook out countless sword flowers. The Cloud Returning Sword was white, and the sword flowers shook out were also snow white!
"Lose for me!" “
The layers of sword flowers, because of the Cloud Returning Sword, were now dyed with a layer of snow white. They were like layers of clouds that rolled towards Luo Zheng. However, within these clouds of sword flowers, there were layers of killing intent!
Because the two sides' contest was limited to a contest of sword moves from the beginning, they couldn't use true essence or other techniques. Therefore, Li Yifeng couldn't use true essence to strengthen his profound level sword. He clearly knew that his profound level sword was too weak and would be at a disadvantage if it collided with Luo Zheng's immortal weapon. Therefore, he had been suppressing his own strength and didn't dare to use his full strength.
Now that he had the Cloud Returning Sword in his hand, Li Yifeng no longer had any misgivings. His attack speed was faster, and his power was also greater!
When the two had just exchanged blows, Luo Zheng was still in a defensive position, and he still used the "hanging sword" to block!
"Tok tok tok tok tok … …"
The Cloud Returning Sword tapped Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword again and again, but there was no clear and pleasant sound. Instead, it was a very dull sound, like that of a woodpecker pecking at wood.
"Seeing how confident you were, I thought you had already thought of a way to break it. I didn't expect you to still be able to passively defend. Sigh, how disappointing," said Li Yifeng as he tilted the sword in his hand. He couldn't help but reveal a disappointed expression.
"If you continue like this, you'll only be struggling at death's door. When you're forced to the edge of the arena by me again, won't you still lose? Don't waste any more time. Why don't you just admit defeat? It'll look better if you lose, "Li Yifeng said with a chuckle. Then, cloud-like sword flowers spread out from his hand. His sword attack was also very smooth. It really gave people a feeling of being at ease.
Luo Yan, who was not far away, showed a puzzled expression.
Based on the confidence that her brother had shown just now, he must have thought of a way to break this Falling Petals Sword. But why hadn't he changed his move yet? Why was he still using the Hanging Sword to block Li Yifeng's attack?
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still losing like a landslide even after Li Yifeng changed his sword, many people couldn't help but shake their heads.
After all, there were still many people who were looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance. They hoped that he would be able to defeat Li Yifeng in a competition of sword moves.
However, other than using Basic Sword Techniques to force Li Yifeng into a very difficult situation, Luo Zheng had been suppressing Luo Zheng after Li Yifeng unsheathed his sword. To put it bluntly, Luo Zheng simply didn't have the power to fight back.
It had to be said that the difference in strength was too great.
At this time, everyone was waiting, waiting for the scene of Luo Zheng's defeat.
Luo Zheng kept retreating from the left side of the arena. Five steps, ten steps, twenty steps, fifty steps, one hundred steps, one hundred and fifty steps … …
While retreating, Luo Zheng kept counting the number of steps he had retreated.
The entire arena was two hundred steps wide. Now, there were only twenty or thirty steps left behind him. However, Luo Zheng's face didn't have much of an expression. He still calmly used the Hanging Sword to block.
One hundred and ninety steps … …
One hundred and ninety-five steps … …
One hundred and ninety-seven steps … …
The smile on Li Yifeng's face grew wider and wider. The moment he suppressed Luo Zheng to the last step, he laughed shrilly and said, "Go down, Luo Zheng. You've lost!"
Just as Li Yifeng was about to draw his sword, a power suddenly passed from his waist to his shoulder to his arm to his wrist. At this moment, the Flowing Light Sword suddenly shot out like a fierce dragon coming out of its cave.
"Pata!"
The Flowing Light Sword's blade intercepted the Cloud Returning Sword three inches away.
It was because of this section of the Flowing Light Sword that Li Yifeng's sword flowers had been disintegrated!
Li Yifeng frowned. He flipped his hand and was about to send out countless sword flowers. However, Luo Zheng seemed to have anticipated Li Yifeng's sword style. He once again shot out the Flowing Light Sword and used the same technique to heavily hit the Cloud Returning Sword three inches away. Once again, Li Yifeng's attack was disintegrated!
"Intercepting Sword!"
This was one of the basic sword styles that was specifically used to intercept other people's sword moves!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was indeed impossible for him to directly break through the Vibrant Falling Petals Sword. It was too complicated. Luo Zheng couldn't see through the real and fake moves.
After racking his brains, Luo Zheng finally thought of a way to break through.
Since he couldn't block this Vibrant Falling Petals Sword, then before Li Yifeng's sword flowers blossomed, he would directly kill it in its infancy!
Luo Zheng simply didn't let Li Yifeng use this move. Every time Li Yifeng raised his hand, Luo Zheng's Intercepting Sword would always be able to intercept the Cloud Returning Sword three inches away. The sword style was flat, steady, and incomparably accurate.
"You!"
At this time, it was Li Yifeng's turn to be depressed.
Every time he was about to make a move, his sword would be immediately blocked by Luo Zheng. This kind of feeling was very uncomfortable.
It was like a person who wanted to shout, but every time before he could shout, there would always be someone who would be one step ahead of him and cover his mouth! That voice would be forcibly suppressed. It would be strange if he didn't feel uncomfortable!
The problem was that this wasn't the first or second time that Li Yifeng had encountered this. In these few breaths, Li Yifeng had attacked more than ten times, but Luo Zheng had still attacked more than ten times with the Intercepting Sword. The originally prepared sword moves had been forcibly destroyed by Luo Zheng. Li Yifeng felt so uncomfortable that he was about to vomit blood.
Moreover, Li Yifeng wanted to retreat. He wanted to increase the distance between him and Luo Zheng.
Li Yifeng retreated ten steps, and Luo Zheng advanced ten steps, like a shadow, always maintaining a distance of three feet from him. According to Li Yifeng's estimation, if he didn't use Zhen Yuan, then he simply wouldn't be able to get rid of Luo Zheng.
And Li Yifeng's cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's. According to common sense, his strength should be greater than Luo Zheng's. By relying on his tyrannical strength, he hoped that he would be able to push Luo Zheng's sword away and forcefully use the Falling Petals Sword Technique.
However, just as Li Yifeng used his strength, he discovered that Luo Zheng's sword was as heavy as a small mountain, and he simply couldn't push it away … How was this possible! How could this guy's strength be so great?
Li Yifeng didn't know that there were already too many people who were shocked by Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, and he wasn't the first person.
Crazy!
At this moment, Li Yifeng was really aggrieved!
He had actually been defeated by a Xiantian second stage junior using a basic sword technique!
Although he was shameless and often crazy, Li Yifeng was not the slightest bit careless on the path of martial arts. Otherwise, how could he become the big brother of the Blue Cloud Sect?
It could be said that the path of martial arts was his greatest pride! Everyone could ridicule him for being an idiot, but no one could look down on his martial arts cultivation.
However, at this moment, no matter how aggrieved and depressed he was, what could he do? Luo Zheng simply wouldn't let him use his sword technique, and he simply couldn't organize an attack! If he used his true essence, he could forcefully push away Luo Zheng's sword, and then use his true essence to cut Luo Zheng into pieces. The problem was that the rules had already been set, and if he used his true essence, he would lose.
Could it be that in a contest of sword techniques, I am really inferior to Luo Zheng? Unconsciously, such a thought appeared in Li Yifeng's mind.
"The tables have turned! Luo Zheng has really defeated Li Yifeng in a contest of sword techniques! "
"Luo Zheng's basic sword technique is abnormal. If I were to learn that basic sword technique, without using my true essence, I would be able to defeat Li Yifeng in a contest of sword techniques!"
"Braggart, why don't you go up and try? Although everyone thinks that Li Yifeng is an idiot, but if you really think that he is an idiot, then you are an idiot. It is not an accident that Li Yifeng became the big brother! "
Luo Zheng's reversal had indeed surprised the 100,000 spectators. After all, Li Yifeng had used his sword to force Li Yifeng from the right side of the arena to the left side, and then from the left side to the right side, and almost at the last step, he had launched a counterattack. Luo Zheng was really able to keep his composure.
Luo Yan looked at her brother's performance and couldn't help but nod. She was not wrong, her brother had indeed found a way to break the rules, but Luo Yan hadn't thought that Luo Zheng would break the rules so thoroughly that Li Yifeng simply didn't have the strength to fight back!

Chapter 309
"Clang!"
Li Yifeng had just raised his sword when Luo Zheng used Intercept Sword again. It was an ordinary basic sword technique, but it was perfect without any flaws.
Attack …
"Clang!" “
Attack …
"Clang!" “
Li Yifeng was unable to attack anymore. He said with a sad face, "Let me attack once, okay? I beg you … "
Hearing Li Yifeng's shameless words, everyone was speechless.
Luo Zheng gently raised his Flowing Light Sword and maintained a posture of attacking at any time. He silently shook his head.
"Okay, since it's like this, I can only use this move! I'll fight you to the death! "Li Yifeng's expression changed very quickly. Just a moment ago, he was begging Luo Zheng, and now his face was full of hatred!
This time, Li Yifeng's sword technique finally changed.
The Vibrant Falling Petals Sword Technique was an extremely light and agile sword technique, but when Li Yifeng's movements changed, a fierce aura was emitted from his body. Both of his feet were firmly fixed on the stage, just like a mountain god.
Luo Zheng took a step back. The sword technique in his hand also changed. He knew that Li Yifeng's next move could not be blocked with Intercept Sword.
Li Yifeng was strong. Luo Zheng had to be stronger than him to be able to firmly suppress his sword technique!
"Splitting Mountain and Splitting Earth Sword!"
An extremely steady and destructive sword technique shot out from Li Yifeng's hand. Swords were not like sabers. Sabers often walked the path of power and dominance. However, swords generally walked the path of agility and lightness. There were very few sword techniques with this kind of power.
Li Yifeng's sword seemed to be able to cut open mountains and split the earth!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Without any hesitation, he lowered his wrist, causing the tip of the sword to go up.
"Collapsing Sword!"
Collapsing Sword was the most powerful sword technique among the basic sword techniques!
After being simplified, the power of Collapsing Sword was even purer. No matter how powerful you were, you could not escape the fate of collapsing!
"Clang!" “
At the instant the two swords collided, everyone heard a crisp sound. They saw a white sword spinning in the air like a wheel before finally falling to the ground. Only then did everyone see that it was Li Yifeng's Cloud Returning Sword!
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, held the Flowing Light Sword and pressed the tip of the sword against Li Yifeng's chest.
Li Yifeng's face was filled with disbelief. His chest heaved up and down as he panted heavily.
Many of the disciples in the arena seemed to have expected this scene! Ever since he entered the first match of the All-Peak Grand Competition, Luo Zheng had never been defeated.
Although the two of them were only competing in sword moves, from the moment Luo Zheng was suppressed to the moment Luo Zheng made a comeback, they knew that Luo Zheng had basically won. This was because Luo Zheng's specialty was to become stronger when facing a strong opponent!
Even the big brother of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't stop Luo Zheng's victory …
Too perverted …
What was even more abnormal was that Luo Zheng's performance had already made everyone numb. It would be strange if Luo Zheng really failed!
"You lost," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"I refuse to accept this! You are no match for me! Li Yifeng shouted loudly.
"Yifeng! A loss is a loss. Seeing that the winner and loser had been decided, Elder Ge also entered the arena.
"If I could use True Essence, I would defeat you in three moves!" Li Yifeng continued to say.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to this idiot. He carefully wiped the Flowing Light Sword and put it back into his Sumeru Ring. Then he said, "You are right. If I use True Essence, I am indeed no match for you now. But I believe that it won't be long before you are no match for me!"
"You …" Luo Zheng's words made Li Yifeng suddenly choked. Luo Zheng was right. Li Yifeng thought that his talent was monstrous enough, but Luo Zheng was even more monstrous than him. If Luo Zheng was given time to grow, he was afraid that he really wouldn't be able to beat him.
However, Li Yifeng was Li Yifeng after all. He said, "I don't care about the future. At least now you are no match for me! Let's use True Essence to fight again. Come on! If I can't defeat you in three moves, I will call you God Grandfather! "
As soon as these words were spoken, the 100,000 disciples once again said in their hearts, "The Blue Cloud Sect's Great Senior Brother is indeed worthy of being called an idiot."
Luo Zheng, who was preparing to leave the arena, suddenly turned around and said with a smile, "I am not interested in being your God Grandfather." After saying this, Luo Zheng jumped down from the arena and walked towards Luo Yan.
Only Li Yifeng, whose face was filled with unwillingness, was left standing there in a daze. Seeing that Li Yifeng was still not leaving, Elder Ge could only shake his head. This guy really didn't know what shame was. Soon after, he also chased Li Yifeng out of the arena.
Next, Elder Ge began to announce the rankings of the Azure Sky Proclamation.
Originally, Li Yifeng was ranked first on the Azure Sky Proclamation. Moreover, this glory could have continued because with Li Yifeng's current strength, his name would have been removed from the Azure Sky Proclamation.
Unfortunately, Li Yifeng insisted on competing with Luo Zheng in sword techniques …
After being defeated by Luo Zheng, Li Yifeng fell from first place to second place and then was removed from the Azure Sky Proclamation.
Now, the first place on the Azure Sky Proclamation was undoubtedly Luo Zheng, second place was Pei Tianyao, third place was Hua Tianming, fourth place was … …
Elder Ge's voice was full of energy as he announced from the first place to the hundredth place in one breath. As for the list of the next nine hundred places, he didn't need to read it out. This list would be hung on the 33 peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect and every disciple could check it out.
The Azure Sky Proclamation was the highest glory for the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. As long as one was able to occupy a position on the Azure Sky Proclamation, it was equivalent to standing in the top one thousand of the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Many disciples looked at the Azure Sky Proclamation and cultivated little by little to encourage themselves, hoping that one day they would be able to appear on the Azure Sky Proclamation.
As for the top one hundred places, top ten places, top three places … ….
Many disciples couldn't reach that step even in their dreams.
But now, a Xiantian second stage disciple had done it. In many people's eyes, this was an unimaginable matter, but it happened right under their noses, so they couldn't help but believe it.
No matter whether they believed it or not, this matter had happened. Moreover, Luo Zheng deserved to be the first place, and finally, he even won against Li Yifeng in sword moves. No one doubted Luo Zheng's strength, but some people were amazed at his talent. After all, Luo Zheng had created a miracle since the establishment of the Blue Cloud Sect!
Moreover, this miracle would certainly not be replicated in the future.
After Elder Ge finished his announcement, he said to Luo Zheng: "Luo Zheng, the Sect Master wants to see you, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao. “
After Elder Ge finished speaking, a deacon stopped a Flying Chariot and the three people immediately boarded it. The Flying Chariot flew all the way to the west under everyone's gaze.
The disciples below could only look at them with envious eyes. The reward for the top three places in the Blue Cloud Sect was to walk the Blue Cloud Road once! If one wanted to open the Blue Cloud Road, the price was one million points, which was two million square crystal stones.
In other words, as the top three places, they had won two million square crystal stones for themselves. If this reward was really counted, many great noble families wouldn't be able to fork out this amount of money. Even the seven great noble families wouldn't be able to fork out this amount of crystal stones in one go.
Luo Yan glanced at the dejected Li Yifeng and said with a smile: "Why don't you have a share? “
Li Yifeng muttered: "Who knows? I'm not interested in the Blue Cloud Road, and the Sect Master probably isn't willing to let me go … … "Li Yifeng had gone to the Blue Cloud Road once, but he had fallen asleep halfway. This matter made Shi Jingtian very angry. Li Yifeng not being able to pass the Blue Cloud Road trial was a small matter, but he had lost face in the Cloud Hall. This was the reason why Shi Jingtian was angry.
As for Li Yifeng's future, Shi Jingtian probably had other plans.
Standing on the Flying Chariot, the strong wind blew past their faces. With the Flying Chariot's speed, they arrived at a tall mountain in the sect in less than half an hour. On this mountain, there was a simple and unadorned palace. This was the Blue Cloud Palace where the Sect Master resided.
The Blue Cloud Palace's construction was very unique. From the eaves to the feet, it looked like rolling clouds. Sitting on top of the mountain, it looked like an immortal palace.
The Flying Chariot stopped steadily on the platform at the entrance of the palace. Luo Zheng and the other two were led into the Blue Cloud Palace by the attendant.
In the huge palace, Shi Jingtian's tall and sturdy figure was like a small mountain. He stood in the middle without moving, but there was a heavy aura emitting from his body.
After Luo Zheng, Pei Tianyao, and Hua Tianming walked in, they cupped their hands and bowed to Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian looked at the three of them with satisfaction. The performance of this year's All-Peak Grand Competition had stunned Shi Jingtian! No matter if it was Pei Tianyao or Hua Tianming, the strength that they had displayed had far surpassed their previous performances … …
Of course, except for the previous competition! This was because the first place of the previous competition was that damned Li Yifeng. Although he was strong, he didn't live up to expectations at all!
In fact, because Li Yifeng had been sleeping on the Blue Clouds Road, Shi Jingtian had been ridiculed by his colleagues in the Cloud Hall for the past three years. Because of this, Shi Jingtian had been brooding over it. He wanted to get back his face on the Blue Clouds Road this time! He wanted to make those old fellows in the Cloud Hall shut up!
Fortunately, Shi Jingtian wasn't disappointed. Not only did a peerless genius like Hua Tianming appear in this All-Peak Grand Competition, but Pei Tianyao's strength had also increased steadily! More importantly, Luo Zheng!
Finally, Shi Jingtian's gaze landed on Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, the first place of this All-Peak Grand Competition will not only be rewarded with a Clear Void Pill, but also an Immortal Equipment. Now, you can choose the Immortal Equipment you need! “
"Can I choose my own Immortal Equipment?" Luo Zheng nodded and asked. Because of Yao Ye's perfect performance, her sword dance and baleful aura were even more formidable than his own. So, Luo Zheng really needed another Immortal Equipment.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 310
If Luo Zheng possessed two immortal artifacts at the same time, then Yao Ye would have one and he would have one. His combat strength would increase greatly.
He wondered what kind of immortal artifact the Sect Master would bestow upon him.
Low-grade immortal artifacts were still immortal artifacts, middle-grade immortal artifacts were still immortal artifacts, and high-grade immortal artifacts were still immortal artifacts.
However, there was a huge difference between a high-grade immortal artifact and a low-grade immortal artifact.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect the Sect Master to bestow a high-grade immortal artifact to him. It was unrealistic to expect the Sect Master to bestow something that didn't exist in the entire eastern region.
However, if it was a middle-grade immortal artifact, Luo Zheng would naturally be very happy.
Shi Jingtian shook his head with a smile when he saw Luo Zheng's expression of anticipation, and then he clapped his hands.
The Blue Cloud Sect had a deep foundation and there were quite a number of Immortal Equipment in the sect. However, Shi Jingtian was also a greedy person. He wouldn't take out the best items every time.
For example, the Cloud Returning Sword that idiot Li Yifeng had chosen was a very good immortal artifact as well. However, that fellow didn't cherish it at all and actually lost to Luo Yan in a bet. He didn't know how to cherish it at all …
However, it was different this time. Shi Jingtian felt that he hadn't made a wrong judgment. He had high hopes for Luo Zheng. He hoped that not only would Luo Zheng be able to pass the trial on the Azure Clouds Road, but he also hoped that Luo Zheng would fiercely surpass the others and make those old fellows in the Cloud Hall shut their mouths.
It wasn't long before over 10 deacons walked out from the back of the hall. Every single one of them held a long and narrow jade box in their hands.
These deacons stood in a row before Luo Zheng, and the items within the jade box were displayed one by one.
The jade box was filled with swords of various types. Moreover, the worst among them was a low-grade immortal artifact, and there were even three middle-grade immortal artifacts!
One had to know that even the seven great clans only had a few low-grade immortal artifacts, and basically every clan only had one middle-grade immortal artifact. Moreover, there were even two clans that didn't even have a single middle-grade immortal artifact.
Moreover, the Seven Great Landowning Clans had different types of Immortal Artifacts. There were spears, sabers, swords …
Shi Jingtian knew that Luo Zheng used a sword, so he actually took out a dozen immortal grade swords for Luo Zheng to choose from. Among them, there were even three mid-grade immortal grade swords …
If there were so many immortal grade swords, then what about the other types of weapons? Where's the saber? Where's the gun? The Blue Cloud Sect's foundation was still too strong. The Burning Sky Palace's foundation was probably not even half of the Blue Cloud Sect's.
Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming took a deep breath and then showed an envious expression.
Especially Hua Tianming. Although his Corrosive Blood Sword was powerful, all swordsmen loved swords. How could he not like these treasured swords with immortal aura?
It was a pity that only the first place could receive this reward. He was not qualified to receive an immortal weapon as a reward.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept past these immortal grade swords one by one. Each immortal weapon gave Luo Zheng a great attraction, especially the three mid-grade immortal grade swords.
The first mid-grade immortal grade sword was green and lustrous. It looked as if it was made of amber. There seemed to be some strange runes embedded in the sword's body. It gave people a very strange feeling. When you looked at it, you would feel that the sword was also looking at you. It even felt like your soul was being seen through.
Luo Zheng thought to himself, "This sword must contain a powerful healing power for the soul."
As for the second mid-grade immortal ranked sword, it looked very ordinary. Even the tip of the sword looked a bit blunt. It was a heavy sword. As the saying goes, heavy swords have no sharp edges. Although the sword didn't look sharp, its destructive power was astonishing. If it was thrown to the ground, it could probably shatter a house.
Luo Zheng did not need this sword.
In the end, Luo Zheng's gaze locked onto the third sword.
As soon as Luo Zheng's gaze came into contact with the third sword, a strand of strong killing intent swept over from all directions.
It was a blood red mid-grade immortal grade sword. No matter if it was the blade or the hilt, they were scarlet red in color. It seemed like the sword was refined from blood. Moreover, the true baleful aura emanating from the sword made Luo Zheng feel like the number of souls that had perished under this sword was probably uncountable.
"What's the name of this sword?" Asked Luo Zheng.
Shi Jingtian smiled faintly, "I knew you would be interested in this sword. It's called Blooddrinker!" “
"Blooddrinker? That's a good name. "Luo Zheng nodded. Yao Ye's sword dance relied on baleful aura to display formidable might. If this sword was left to Yao Ye, then it would complement him and would be able to display even greater might in his hands. So, Luo Zheng was slightly tempted when he saw this sword.
Meanwhile, Shi Jingtian said, "I knew you would choose this sword. Even though the Slaughter Sword Dao is extremely formidable, you're bound to have to pay a heavy price if you want to go far on this path. Moreover, it's filled with danger. Do you really intend to continue on this path?" “
Shi Jingtian had seen Luo Zheng utilize baleful aura. However, the Blue Cloud Sect didn't interfere with the cultivation of its disciples. So long as Luo Zheng didn't commit heinous acts like massacring a city or wantonly slaughtering, the sect would normally not prohibit him.
However, in the opinion of many people, the Slaughter Sword Dao wasn't the right path. After all, after cultivating to a certain level, if one was unable to control the baleful aura within his body, then he would suffer a backlash from the baleful aura. In the best case scenario, he would lose his mind and go mad. In the worst case scenario, he would suffer from qi deviation and explode to death!
However, even though Shi Jingtian knew that Luo Zheng possessed baleful aura, he didn't know the source of Luo Zheng's baleful aura. Moreover, when Luo Zheng withdrew his baleful aura, it was impossible for others to sense its existence. Therefore, Shi Jingtian guessed that Luo Zheng might have a special method to control his baleful aura.
Everyone had their own secrets, so Shi Jingtian naturally wouldn't ask too much.
Only Hua Tianming knew that Luo Zheng had once walked through the Slaughter Sword Mountain! Hua Tianming knew that Luo Zheng definitely had a way to control his baleful aura.
"Yes, Sect Master. I choose this Blooddrinker!" Luo Zheng said with a firm gaze.
Shi Jingtian also knew that for Luo Zheng to be able to achieve his current achievements and possess such talent, he must be a person with a firm will. He definitely wouldn't change his path just because of Shi Jingtian's words! If Luo Zheng really gave up on the Slaughter Sword Dao because of Shi Jingtian's doubts, Shi Jingtian would doubt Luo Zheng's perseverance.
Every path had its own difficulty. What a true expert needed to do was to choose their own path and walk down it resolutely!
"Since that's the case, I will respect your choice. This Blooddrinker Sword is yours." After Shi Jingtian finished speaking, he clapped his hands. The deacon holding the Blooddrinker Sword presented it to Luo Zheng. The other deacons closed the jade box and left the hall.
However, Hua Tianming could only watch as the deacons left. He could only secretly swallow his saliva. There was no other way. Who told him to not be the first in the Blue Cloud Sect?
Luo Zheng held the Blooddrinker Sword in his hand and swung it around before stuffing it into his Sumeru Ring. He then stood together with Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao.
Today, Shi Jingtian called the three of them over. It definitely wasn't as simple as letting Luo Zheng choose an immortal tool.
After the last deacon left, Shi Jingtian took out a small square jade box from his waist and threw it to Luo Zheng.
"This is the second reward, the Clear Void Pill. “
The Clear Void Pill was a pill used after reaching the Divine Reflection Realm. At this stage, Luo Zheng was temporarily unable to use it. However, during the Divine Reflection Realm, everyone would have a very difficult barrier to break through. At that time, they would need the Clear Void Pill to break through this barrier.
The value of the Clear Void Pill was needless to say. The entire Blue Cloud Sect only had a few pills every year. Those Spiritual Masters and even the Elders coveted this pill.
After Luo Zheng received the Clear Void Pill, Shi Jingtian opened his mouth and said, "This time, I called you over to discuss the Clear Void Path with you! “
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao's expression turned cold.
The Azure Clouds Road was the most important matter that concerned their future prospects!
In the Eastern Region, many martial artists would be stuck in the Xiantian Realm for their entire life.
After becoming a Xiantian Realm martial artist, they would have a lifespan and strength that far exceeded ordinary people. In most places in the Eastern Region, they would be able to seek a good life.
However, as the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, their goal was destined to jump out of the Blue Cloud Sect and enter the wider world.

Chapter 311
Shi Jingtian smiled when he saw the serious expressions of the three of them.
"You don't have to be so nervous. Actually, the Azure Clouds Road in the Eastern Region isn't as difficult as you think. Your strength far surpasses your peers. I believe that you will be able to achieve good results in the Azure Clouds Road Trial!" Shi Jingtian said.
"Sect Master, is the so-called Azure Clouds Road a road?" Hua Tianming was the first to ask.
"Yes. Actually, the name Azure Clouds Road isn't correct. It's just a way of saying it in our Blue Cloud Sect. This road's original name is the Road of the Trialists!" Shi Jingtian said slowly.
In the eyes of many warriors in the Eastern Region, Shi Jingtian came from the Cloud Hall. Moreover, he was only a member of the Cloud Hall. Even the Emperor of the Burning Sky Palace was a member of the Cloud Hall!
Once they passed the Road of the Trialists, they would be able to become a member of the Cloud Hall. This was equivalent to having the same status as the Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect and the Emperor of the Burning Sky Palace.
This was also why the warriors in the Eastern Region called the Road of the Trialists the Blue Cloud Sect. There was even a legend that once one stepped onto the Azure Clouds Road, one would become an Immortal or Divine Transformation.
Of course, this legend was obviously exaggerated. However, from this saying, one could see that the warriors in the Eastern Region yearned for the Azure Clouds Road.
Unfortunately, no matter when, only a few people could step onto it. For most people, that road was destined to only exist in their imagination.
"The Road of the Trialists doesn't only have the three of you. There is still a month before the Road of the Trialists opens. In this month, prepare well. I hope that you can achieve good results!" Shi Jingtian said.
To be able to achieve good results in the Road of the Trialists and recommend outstanding disciples to the Cloud Hall was a great reward for Shi Jingtian.
This was also the reason why Shi Jingtian placed so much importance on the strength of the top three disciples in the Peak Competition.
When the three of them heard Shi Jingtian's words, they all had different thoughts. However, the Road of the Trialists was a test that all three of them had to pass.
As for what they would encounter along the way and who would participate, Shi Jingtian did not explain in detail to them. However, they would understand when the time came.
After coming out of the Qingyun Palace, Luo Zheng didn't return to Xiao Yufeng. He had more important things to do, which was to go home.
Before going to the Road of the Trial Takers, Luo Zheng had to solve his family's problems!
Chongming County, the Luo family.
A servant was sweeping the fallen leaves in front of the Luo family's gate with a broom.
This year's winter was especially cold, and the Luo Family did not have a happy New Year.
In the past, the sacrificial offerings, ancestral worship, and mountain walks were just done casually this year and ended hastily.
Everyone in the Luo Family, from the Patriarch to the servants, was worried.
Ever since Luo Xiao was no longer around, the Luo Clan had been getting worse day by day.
A few days ago, when the few big clans of Chongyang County were discussing the distribution of the mines in the north, they didn't even invite the Luo Family! This meant that the few big clans had completely excluded the Luo Family and occupied the Luo Family's interests.
Some of the hot-blooded juniors of the Luo Family were still clamoring to make the few big clans pay the price. However, the words of the juniors could only be listened to. The Patriarch of the Luo Family, Luo Bingquan, didn't even let out a fart.
The servant shook his head as he swept the floor. The Luo Family was probably going to fall in the hands of Luo Bingquan. However, he was just a small servant and wouldn't lose anything. If the Luo Family fell, he would just pack up and leave.
Just as the servant was sweeping the floor, he heard a commotion coming from the Luo Family's gate. The servant turned around and saw a person flying out of the gate and falling heavily on the ground.
That person was covered in blood and had many wounds on his body. He had an extremely angry expression on his face. "Huang Ge, you are just a servant! How can you drive away a disciple of the Luo Family? “
Huang Ge stepped on the threshold of the Luo Family's gate with a smug smile on his face. "What? You say I can't drive you away? Sure, if you have the guts, why don't you try stepping through the gate? “
Beside Huang Ge, there were a few tall and sturdy men. They also had a mocking expression on their faces as they looked at the Luo Family disciple on the ground.
The Luo Family disciple was also very stubborn. He was clearly badly injured, but he still jumped up from the ground and rushed towards the Luo Family's gate.
However, before he could cross the threshold of the Luo Family's gate, two sturdy men rushed up and grabbed one of the Luo Family disciple's hands.
These two sturdy men were in the Bone Refining Stage, while the Luo Family disciple was only in the Skin Refining Stage. He was simply not a match for the two sturdy men. After being grabbed by the two sturdy men, he couldn't move at all.
He could only shout with all his might. "Huang Ge, you bastard, you will die a horrible death! “
Huang Ge's face had a trace of a sinister smile. He raised a thick stick in his hand and fiercely smashed it towards the Luo Family disciple's legs.
"Kacha! Kacha! “
Under this blow, the sound of leg bones breaking was suddenly heard.
"Ah! Ah … "
With a blood-curdling scream, the Luo Family disciple's legs were broken just like that.
Then the two sturdy men used force and the Luo Family disciple rolled down the steps at the gate. He lay on the ground and couldn't help but groan.
It could be seen that the Luo Family disciple was very stubborn. Even if his legs were broken, he still wanted to turn over and return to the Luo Family's gate. His body moved on the steps with difficulty, leaving behind spots of blood.
The servant who was sweeping the floor looked at this scene in a daze. He could only sigh. The bloodstains stained the steps, so it was time for him to clean it up.
It wasn't that this servant didn't have sympathy. After working diligently in the Luo Family for decades, this servant also had deep feelings for the Luo Family.
It was just that the Luo Family now was no longer the Luo Family of the past.
And this kind of thing happened almost a few times every month. This servant was already numb. This was not something he could do. Now that everyone in the Luo Family was in danger, what could he, a small servant, do?
"Climb! Do your best to climb! " "Huang Ge walked forward and kicked the Luo Family disciple's chest. The Luo Family disciple climbed up with difficulty, but was kicked down by Huang Ge again.
"Climbing so slowly, like a turtle!" A sturdy man laughed loudly. The other sturdy men also roared with laughter.
The servant shook his head and continued to focus on sweeping the floor. At this moment, he saw two people coming from not far away.
A man and a woman.
The man was very handsome, especially his pair of bright eyes. It was as if there were stars inlaid in his eyes, blooming with a special light.
The woman was very beautiful, so beautiful that she was like a fairy scattered in the mortal world. Even if one took a second look at her, they would feel that they had blasphemed her.
Who were these two people? Why did they appear in the Luo Family? Were they just passing by?
The servant pondered in his heart, but he quickly rejected the idea in his heart. This was because the man and the woman were walking towards the Luo Family's gate.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan walked one after the other.
When they first stepped into Chongyang County, they were a little happy to see the scenery of their hometown. But as they slowly approached the Luo Family, their hearts became heavier and heavier.
Especially after seeing the scene at the gate, Luo Zheng could no longer restrain himself.
That disciple of the Luo Clan was still crawling with all his might. The intense pain caused his face to turn pale. He was completely relying on his last breath to clench his teeth and move up the stairs step by step.
He knew that no matter how hard he tried, it would be in vain. But as a Luo Family disciple, there were some things that were worth his life!
When he climbed up the stairs again, he suddenly found two people standing beside him. A man and a woman. Who were these two people? Why did the man's face look so familiar?
Luo Zheng squatted down beside the Luo Family disciple and suddenly shouted, "Luo Yushu, what are you doing? “
How did this guy know my name? Luo Yushu was very curious. He even forgot the pain of his broken leg at this moment. Luo Yushu gritted his teeth and said, "I want to go home. That damn bastard, I don't have the right to drive him out of the Luo Family! “
Luo Zheng took out an elixir from his Sumeru Ring and gave it to Luo Yushu, "Eat it and then go home. There are no cowards in the Luo Family!" “
"Elixir?" Although Luo Yushu was badly beaten, he could still distinguish the value of Luo Zheng's elixir. It must be expensive. Luo Yushu didn't think much and swallowed it.
Soon, he felt a burst of warmth coming from his Dantian. His legs were suddenly wrapped by a burst of coolness. The injuries on his body healed at a visible speed. Soon, the pain in his legs disappeared completely!
What kind of elixir was this? It could heal his injuries in an instant? Even the best elixir in the Luo Family couldn't compare to one percent of this elixir, right?
Luo Yushu was stunned. Soon, he turned over and stood up from the ground!
"Who are you? How dare you meddle in the business of the Luo Family? " "Huang Ge said with an unkind expression. Although he could see that Luo Zheng and Luo Yan had extraordinary origins, he didn't recognize them.
Luo Yan was only a little girl when she left the Luo Family. Now, she had grown into a slender and elegant lady.
Luo Zheng's aura had changed greatly. In addition, he was still a teenager. These days of cultivation had made his body more tall and sturdy. His aura was more fierce, and even his appearance was more handsome.
Therefore, Huang Ge and Luo Yushu didn't recognize them for a while.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan acted as if they didn't hear Huang Ge's question. Luo Zheng just said to Luo Yushu, "Luo Yushu, let's go home." “
Go home? "
Hearing this, Luo Yushu was stunned. Go home? Only the Luo Family's children could be called home, right?
Luo Yushu suddenly thought of something. He looked at Luo Zheng again. His eyes suddenly widened, and at the same time, there was ecstasy in his eyes!

Chapter 312
At that moment, Luo Yushu recognized Luo Zheng. His eyes were filled with disbelief.
Last year, two major events happened in the Luo Clan.
The first was that Luo Zheng was kidnapped by the blacksmith Xie Lang. The second was that Luo Peiran was crippled in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng was kidnapped. Was he dead or alive? Where did he go?
Luo Peiran was crippled. Who crippled him?
The Luo Clan kept their mouths shut about these two events …
In the beginning, everyone in the Luo Clan thought that Luo Zheng was dead for sure. That blacksmith Xie Lang's actions were strange and cruel. There was no way anyone could survive in his hands.
However, as time passed, some rumors slowly spread in the Luo Clan.
These rumors said that Luo Zheng was not dead. Not only that, but he also had a fortuitous encounter and entered the holy land of martial arts, the Blue Cloud Sect!
The rumors were reasonable, but most of the Luo family disciples still didn't believe it. After all, Luo Zheng was kidnapped by Xie Lang that day and everyone saw it with their own eyes. Again, enter the Blue Cloud Sect? How could it be so easy?
The Luo Clan only managed to nurture one Luo Peiran. What did Luo Zheng have? Therefore, most of the people laughed at this rumor.
After that, another major event happened in the Luo Clan. Luo Peiran was crippled and sent back to the Luo Clan from the Blue Cloud Sect.
To the Luo Clan, this was a huge blow.
Every clan in Chong Yang County attached great importance to the nurturing of the younger generation. Many clans tried their best to send their disciples to the Blue Cloud Sect!
These clans did not have high expectations for their disciples. They only hoped that their disciples could become inner disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and become innate lifeforms.
Even Luo Xiao was only an innate lifeform back then.
A single innate lifeform was enough to support a clan.
Therefore, no matter which clan had a disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect, even if he was an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, he was still a threat to the other clans!
Who could guarantee that this disciple would not have a meteoric rise in the future?
Furthermore, when Luo Peiran was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he had already stepped into the Xiantian Realm and even managed to curry favor with the Wang Family.
In the future, Luo Peiran's future was bound to be limitless. In Chongyang County, he was already one of the top figures. Therefore, even though the Luo Clan had declined by then, the other clans in Chongyang County did not dare to provoke the Luo Clan.
However, ever since Luo Peiran was crippled and sent back to the Luo family from the Blue Cloud Sect, the last pillar of the Luo family collapsed.
Now, there was basically no place for the Luo Family in Chongyang County. The properties and mines of the Luo Family had been divided up by other families!
The Luo Family's days were getting harder and harder.
Later, there were rumors that it was Luo Zheng who had crippled Luo Peiran.
This rumor was even more unbelievable. After Luo Peiran swallowed the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill, his strength advanced by leaps and bounds. Even if Luo Zheng didn't die, how could he be Luo Peiran's opponent even if he had a great adventure?
Basically, no one believed this rumor.
But today, when Luo Yushu saw Luo Zheng, he believed it!
Luo Zheng had betrayed the Luo Family. Since he dared to come back, he must have been reborn. He must have stepped into the Xiantian Secret Realm!
With Luo Zheng's help, Luo Yushu walked up the stairs step by step. His legs had healed, but his newly regenerated bones were still weak, so he walked a little slowly. However, the efficacy of the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill was enough to shock Luo Yushu.
"Stop! If you continue, we won't be polite anymore! " Huang Ge shouted coldly. Huang Ge was arrogant, but he was no fool. This man and woman had extraordinary temperaments. With one look, he could tell that they were not ordinary people. Naturally, he did not dare to offend them. Moreover, the elixir the man took out healed Luo Yushu's broken legs in an instant. It would be hard to find another elixir like this in Chongyang County.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan did not seem to have ears. He helped Luo Yushu up the stairs while Luo Yan followed behind quietly.
"You guys, stop them! How dare you behave so atrociously in front of the Luo Family? You don't know the immensity of heaven and earth! " Seeing that his threat was ineffective, Huang Ge's eyes flashed fiercely. He could not see the cultivation of this man and woman, but after all, they were young. They could not fight against the entire Luo Family, could they?
The few strong men beside Huang Ge heard his order and rushed down fiercely.
Seeing those strong men, Luo Yushu's eyes showed a touch of worry. These strong men were all experts in the Bone Refining Realm and had extraordinary strength.
Although he knew that since Luo Zheng dared to come back, he must have something to rely on, he was still a little worried.
However, before the few burly men could even get close to Luo Yushu, several black dots appeared not far in front of Luo Yushu.
As soon as those small black dots appeared, they quickly condensed into black spikes. After those spikes appeared, they suddenly pierced towards the strong men.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
In the blink of an eye, a large hole appeared in the chest of each of the burly men. Blood flowed out of their chests, and the burly men had puzzled expressions on their faces.
How did they do it?
How did these black spikes come about?
Those two young men and woman did not move at all. How did they … die?
Plop, plop, plop.
Those strong men fell to the ground with doubts. They did not even have time to scream.
Wisps of evil aura gushed out from those bodies. These evil auras were originally floating towards Luo Yan because she had just killed people. However, Luo Zheng was one step ahead and attracted these evil auras.
I'll start cultivating my Slaughter Sword Dao from this moment onwards! Luo Zheng looked indifferently at the corpses on the ground. He continued to help Luo Yushu up.
At this moment, Huang Ge was also immersed in great shock.
He could not figure out what had just happened. How did the few Bone Refining Stage fighters by his side die in an instant? That young man and woman did not move at all! What kind of method was this? Was this the method of a demon?
"Who are you! Our Luo Family has no enmity with you! Why … "Because of fear, Huang Ge spoke with a trace of sobbing.
Luo Zheng finally helped Luo Yushu up the stairs. He asked softly, "Can you walk by yourself? “
"Yes!" Luo Yushu replied affirmatively.
"Follow behind me!" “
Luo Zheng walked towards Huang Ge and said indifferently, "Steward Huang, have you forgotten about me?" “
Huang Ge was puzzled. How did he know about me? And he said that I had forgotten about him? He is … "
At this moment, Huang Ge carefully looked at Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's temperament had changed a lot, his basic appearance had not changed. Huang Ge's face changed greatly after looking at him.
"You, you, you, you … are Luo Zheng!" Huang Ge's eyes were filled with disbelief. Luo Zheng had returned and was so strong?
Luo Zheng?
The servant who had been sweeping the floor stopped his broom at this moment. His face was also filled with shock.
This servant had been in the Luo Family for dozens of years. Naturally, he was very familiar with the former young master. From this angle, he could see Luo Zheng's appearance. Only then did he confirm that it was indeed Luo Zheng!
Moreover, the girl behind him was also very familiar. Her appearance was 60% similar to the dead Luo Xiao. That should be Luo Yan!
It was actually this pair of brother and sister! They had actually returned? This servant's expression was also somewhat excited. He had to use a lot of strength to hold the broom tightly.
"Since that's the case, an evil servant like you can die in peace?" Luo Zheng slowly pulled out a sword from his sumeru ring.
"I … don't kill me! I beg you, Luo Zheng. I have wronged you before. I apologize to you! Let me go. I can … "
"Pu!"
A cold light flashed in front of Huang Ge's eyes.
Huang Ge was still talking to himself, but suddenly he found that he couldn't speak anymore. Then, a trace of blood appeared on his neck, and drops of blood seeped out from the thin trace.
"I … I …" Huang Ge covered his neck and lay down. After his trachea was cut open, he could only look at Luo Zheng with pleading eyes. If Luo Zheng could give him one of the pills that Luo Yushu ate, he might be saved.
Luo Zheng stepped forward. He lowered his head and looked at Huang Ge's fat face. He said, "If apologies were useful, then why would this world need weapons? “
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 313
Luo Yan glanced at Huang Ge indifferently and then followed behind Luo Zheng. She was not familiar with Huang Ge and did not know this person when she left the Luo family. However, since her brother wanted to kill him, he must be a bad person.
When Luo Yushu passed by, he spat on Huang Ge's face fiercely and then followed.
Not long after, when Huang Ge was completely dead, a strand of murderous aura gathered towards Luo Zheng. Murderous aura was originally the power of a curse formed when a living being was killed because they were unwilling to give up.
The stronger the creature, the stronger the evil spirit formed after death.
A small character like Huang Ge would only have a wisp of evil spirit.
However, evil spirit was originally accumulated. Today, Luo Zheng was going to use the Slaughter Sword Principle to envelop the Luo family and use the most iron-fisted method to wipe out all the dissidents in the Luo family!
In the past, Luo Xiao was too kind to his brothers because of a trace of soft-heartedness. In the end, he was plotted against by Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi.
Requiting evil with good, but in the end, it was a disaster of death.
Luo Zheng would not follow in his father's footsteps.
After stepping through the gate of the Luo family, there was a drill ground.
When he left the Luo family, Luo Zheng was forced to fight with his cousin Luo Chengyun on this drill ground to seek a chance to survive.
However, in the end, even though he defeated Luo Chengyun, his third uncle did not keep his promise and let him go!
Just now, the killing at the gate of the Luo family had attracted a lot of attention.
Because of the distance, they did not hear the conversation between Luo Zheng and Huang Ge. They were even less clear that the man and woman in front of them were Luo Zheng and Luo Yan who had been away from home for a long time!
In any case, killing at the gate of the Luo family was an affront to the Luo family.
"Who are you? How dare you kill the housekeeper of the Luo family! " Some people pulled out their swords and blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
"Who are they?" Luo Zheng asked Luo Yushu behind him indifferently.
"These are the hired thugs of Huang Ge. During this time, the Luo family's disciples were dissatisfied with the distribution of the family and often caused trouble, so Huang Ge invited a group of people from outside," Luo Yushu explained.
"Oh." Luo Zheng nodded.
The Flowing Light Longsword overflowed with a bright silver cold light. Wherever the cold light went, a stream of blood sputtered. These people were only in the Flesh Refining Stage and the Bone Refining Stage. In front of Luo Zheng, they simply had no room to resist.
Thump, thump …
One person after another lay in a pool of blood.
Not far away, some of the Luo family's disciples were looking at Luo Zheng in horror. They were thinking that the Luo family was finished. They didn't know who had sent this fiend.
They wanted to escape, but they didn't dare to. His legs felt like they were filled with lead, and he couldn't move at all.
Many disciples of the Luo Clan had the same thought. The Luo Clan was going to be wiped out.
But why was Luo Yushu following behind that couple? Could it be that these two malefic stars were brought in by Luo Yushu?
While these Luo Family disciples were still confused, Luo Yushu said, "Luo Family disciples, don't panic. He is Luo Zheng, our Young Patriarch! No, it's the current Patriarch of our Luo Family! “
"Luo Zheng? “
"Luo Zheng? “
"Luo Zheng! “
Although Luo Zheng's temperament had changed greatly, they could still recognize him as soon as he said his name.
Just like a friend you haven't seen for a long time, before he said his name, you might vaguely remember him, but you couldn't remember who he was. But the moment he said his name, all the memories about him came flooding back!
"It's Luo Zheng!"
"It's the Young Patriarch!"
"No, it's the Patriarch of our Luo Family! He's Luo Xiao's son, the eldest son of our Luo Family! The son inherits the father's business, and he's the Patriarch! “
The Luo Family disciples who were extremely nervous just now had their emotions fluctuating, from extreme fear to extreme joy.
Luo Zheng had returned, and he had such terrifying strength! The Luo Family wasn't going to be wiped out, but they were going to be saved by Luo Zheng!
Although the Luo Family was in ruins now, and Luo Bingquan allowed those outsiders to run amok in the Luo Family, they were all Luo Family disciples, and no one was willing to see their family fall! This was also the reason why they weren't willing to leave the Luo Family. It was because they were born in the Luo Family, grew up in the Luo Family, this was their roots!
Even if their roots rotted away, they still weren't willing to leave. They could only swallow their anger, watch as the Luo Family continued to decay, continue to be ruined, and in the end, it would still be destroyed!
But in this instant, they understood.
Luo Zheng had returned with a ray of hope. The Luo Family might be saved!
Those Luo Family disciples rushed over one after another, throwing themselves at Luo Zheng, tightly surrounding Luo Zheng.
Many Luo Family disciples' eyes were brimming with tears of joy. The emotions they felt at this moment were difficult to describe with words.
"You all … welcome big brother like this, but don't you welcome me at all?" Luo Yan blinked his eyes and said from behind.
"Big brother?" When these Luo Family disciples heard Luo Yan's words, they said, "Ah, you're Luo Yan!"
"Luo Yan also returned!"
"Didn't Luo Peiran say that Luo Yan was imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain?!"
As for what kind of place Purgatory Mountain was, the Luo Family disciples had no idea at all. They only knew that it was an extremely tragic place. All Blue Cloud Sect disciples who violated the sect's rules would be thrown into Purgatory Mountain, suffering endless torment and inhumane treatment!
Luo Yan was the Luo Family's most outstanding genius disciple. It was to the extent that because his talent was too high, he was even accepted by the Blue Cloud Sect as an exception! This was the pride of the Luo Family from top to bottom.
But later on, when they heard that Luo Yan was banished into Purgatory Mountain, there was no news at all. No one knew what happened to Luo Yan!
Now, Luo Yan also returned!
And Luo Yan's strength seemed to be … unfathomable! Just what kind of strength did she have right now? It was as if the aura emitted from her body was countless times stronger than Luo Bingquan's!
Luo Zheng was at Xiantian stage three, and under the situation where his aura was restrained, these Luo Family disciples felt that Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to Luo Bingquan's. Perhaps he was a bit stronger than Luo Bingquan, but not by much. Of course, the Luo Family disciples also felt that it was enough. To surpass the Luo Family's patriarch at such a young age, was it still not enough?
However, Luo Yan was different!
She had already stepped into the Illuminating Spirit Realm! The true essence in her body was even more exquisite, and the aura she emitted was simply unfathomable. Compared to her, Luo Bingquan was a character from a completely different world. They were simply not on the same level.
Therefore, even though Luo Yan's true strength might be comparable to Luo Zheng's, and might even be a bit weaker than Luo Zheng's, the Luo Family disciples believed that Luo Yan's strength was even stronger!
That little girl who ran around Luo Family's courtyard all day long had now become a young lady with terrifying strength. Many Luo Family disciples also felt a wave of emotion in their hearts!
"Continue!"
Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light Sword in his hand and shuttled through the Luo Family's internal roads.
Anyone who dared to resist or show hostility, or who the Luo Family disciples regarded as an enemy, Luo Zheng did not say a word and killed them with a single sword strike!
All the Luo Family disciples who were willing to follow Luo Zheng all followed behind Luo Zheng. Even the Luo Family disciples from the second and third branches were the same.
After all, they were connected by blood and flesh! Even if Luo Zheng intended to use iron-blooded means to get rid of the Luo Family's poison! However, if the other party had a repentant heart, Luo Zheng could forgive them for the time being. As for after the entire Luo Family was reorganized, if they committed other evil deeds, they would be dealt with according to the family rules.
Along the way, more and more Luo Family disciples followed behind Luo Zheng, and the momentum was also getting greater and greater.
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng led the Luo Family disciples to the entrance of the Martial Arts Hall.
Seeing the Martial Arts Hall, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with emotion. In the beginning, he had been punched and beaten here for two years.
At this moment, there were many Luo Family disciples who were training in the Martial Arts Hall.
Their training targets were human targets. Most of the human targets were prisoners on death row that the Luo Family had spent a lot of money to buy. Those prisoners on death row were now on the verge of death.
However, not all of the human targets were prisoners on death row. For example, Luo Dalong, a Luo Family disciple, was now wearing leather armor, handcuffed and shackled. He was being punched and beaten.
Luo Dalong was born with great strength. Although he was a disciple of the Luo Family's side branch, he also had good talent. In the beginning, he beat Luo Zheng in order to cultivate. Later, because Luo Zheng beat Huang Ge, he agreed very much.
He was also a righteous Luo Family disciple.
However, in the current Luo Family, being righteous meant offending more people. The result of offending more people was to be punished by villains, thrown into the dungeon, and become a human target.
At this time, the person who was beating Luo Dalong was also a Luo Family disciple. He was Luo Peihao from the second branch of the Luo Family, Luo Peiran's younger brother. Since Luo Peiran was abolished, the title of Luo Family's young master was taken by him.
Beside Luo Peixin, there was a young man in yellow standing. He heard the young man say: "Little Rat, I see that you are having a good time. Let me have a try, okay? “
Luo Peihao piled a smile on his face and said: "Brother Xing, if you want to have a try, of course you can!"
"But I'm afraid that I will kill this human target. What should I do?" The man called Brother Xing asked.
"What are you afraid of? These human targets are tough. Brother Xing, you just need to attack. Even if you kill them, so what? Hehe! "Luo Peiran said flatteringly.

Chapter 314
Luo Dalong and Luo Zheng had the same thoughts.
I violated the family rules and became a slave, a human target. This is my fate.
However, I am a human target for the disciples of the Luo Family to practice. Who are they to touch me? "
Just as Luo Dalong finished speaking, Luo Peihao punched Luo Dalong and said in a deep voice, "Luo Dalong, Brother Xing is giving you face! I will beat you to death if you speak out of turn! " “
Luo Dalong had a bad temper. He gritted his teeth and said angrily, "Luo Peihao, you have disgraced the Luo Family. You are not even as good as your brother Luo Peiran. Luo Peiran knows how to please the aristocrats in the capital. Brother Xing is just a member of the Huang Family in Chongyang County! The Huang Family's previous status was not even worthy of carrying our shoes. How dare you try to please him! Bah! “
"The Huang Family's previous status was not even worthy of carrying your shoes?" Huang Xing's expression also turned cold.
Seeing Huang Xing's gloomy face, Luo Peihao quickly smiled and said, "Brother Xing, don't bother with this brat. I will teach him a lesson!" “
"There's no need for you. I'll fix it myself. I'll let him know that he's not even worthy of carrying his shoes!" After saying that, Huang Xing began to circulate his Zhen Qi and began to gather his aura.
Huang Xing was the young master of the Huang family. In the past two years, the Huang family of Chongyang County had been growing rapidly. No one knew where the master of the Huang family had found a great opportunity and had broken through three levels in a row. Now, he had reached the Xiantian fifth stage.
In Chongyang County, Huang Xing's father's cultivation was the highest!
Under such circumstances, the Huang Family was thriving. The other families could only submit to them and give the Huang Family many benefits in Chongyang County.
A considerable portion of the benefits originally belonged to the Luo Family. In other words, the Huang Family was the one who had taken the most of the Luo Family's assets.
Even under such circumstances, the Luo Clan did not dare to say anything, and Luo Peihao still had to curry favor with Huang Xing. If he did not serve well and angered the Huang Clan, the Luo Clan's fate would be even worse.
It was because of Luo Peihao's fawning that he had a good relationship with Huang Xing. He gave the Luo Family some face and kept some of the Luo Family's assets.
Even so, the Luo Family was still struggling at death's door. The Luo Family's business was still being slowly swallowed up.
From Huang Xing's point of view, the entire Luo Family was just a bunch of trash. Even Luo Peihao, who had been trying to curry favor with him, was also a trash. However, this trash's words were quite pleasant to hear. Huang Xing did not mind Luo Peiran following him.
But at this time, there was actually a human target who dared to look down on the Huang Family?
He must be tired of living.
Not to mention the Luo Clan, which was full of trash, even the big clans in Chongyang County would not dare to even fart in front of him.
As Huang Xing began to accumulate power, the True Qi in his hand became more and more condensed. The power of this punch was obviously very astonishing.
Luo Dalong's expression turned ugly when he sensed the immense power within.
If this punch had landed on his body, he reckoned that it would have directly killed him!
Even so, Luo Dalong still had a stubborn look on his face. He gritted his teeth and did not beg for mercy. Even if he begged for mercy from this kind of person, it would be useless. It would only weaken his own momentum.
Luo Dalong was born with great strength. He wanted to rely on his strong body to withstand this punch. He bent his body slightly and leaned his chest forward. This posture could greatly reduce the power of his opponent's punch!
"Hmph, it's useless. You're just a grasshopper. If I don't kill you with this punch, my surname is not Huang!" Huang Xing's heart was filled with killing intent.
"Five Horses Heart Shattering Fist!" “
Huang Xing threw out a punch. This punch contained the strength of five horses! If it landed on Luo Dalong's body, it would be like five horses ramming into Luo Dalong at the same time.
"Die!" Huang Xing said with a sinister smile on his face.
A trace of sorrow flashed across Luo Dalong's face. He was afraid that he would not be able to withstand this punch …
Just as Huang Xing's fist was about to land on Luo Dalong's body, a brilliant silver light sliced towards Huang Xing!
If Huang Xing did not retract his fist, his arm would be severed by this silver light.
In the face of this sudden attack, Huang Xing could only clench his teeth and retract his fist. He turned over to disperse the power of his punch. His expression was very ugly. "Who dares to sneak attack me?"
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan looked at Huang Xing indifferently. They did not answer Huang Xing's question. It was as if Huang Xing was not qualified for them to talk nonsense.
At this time, Luo Yushu and the other Luo family disciples shouted, "All Luo family disciples, stop cultivating. Pack up and follow us!" “
Luo Peihao sneered. "Luo Yushu, who are you? Who are you to speak here? " “
Luo Yushu was also an insignificant disciple in the Luo family. In Luo Peihao's eyes, he was nothing. Luo Peihao originally thought that his reprimand would be very effective.
Who knew that after Luo Peihao reprimanded him, Luo Yushu immediately retorted. "Luo Peihao, right? Who do you think you are? " “
"You!" Luo Peihao was stunned. At the same time, he felt a little strange. Did Luo Yushu take the wrong medicine? Why did he suddenly become so fierce? He dared to talk back to him. Wasn't he looking for death? Or did Luo Yushu have something to rely on?
Suddenly, the corner of his eyes twitched. Only now did he notice that many Luo family disciples had gathered together. Moreover, these Luo family disciples were led by a man and a woman. "Are you trying to rebel? Aren't you afraid of violating the family rules and locking you all in the dungeon as human targets? "
Luo Yushu and the others heard this and immediately laughed. "Rebel? Haha! The current head of the Luo family is here. Luo Peihao, you are the one who is rebelling! "
"The current head of the family?" Luo Peihao looked at Luo Zheng and sneered. "You think an outsider is the head of the family just because he asked for help? Hahaha, I'm dying of laughter! Childish! When my father comes, all of you will die! " “
"Him? He is not an outsider. "Luo Yushu shook his head." He is our head of the family, Luo Zheng! " “
"Luo Zheng!" “
The Luo family disciples in the martial arts hall originally did not know what was going on. Hearing Luo Yushu's words, they were somewhat confused. After all, no matter how chaotic the Luo family was, it was not the turn of an outsider to become the head of the family …
But this person was not an outsider. It was actually Luo Zheng!
After hearing the name, almost everyone recognized it almost immediately. They finally understood why so many Luo family disciples followed behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Peihao was stunned. Luo Zheng? This guy is back?
Luo Dalong's face revealed a look of shock. Was that really Luo Zheng?
In fact, Luo Dalong had once wondered if Luo Zheng was still alive. After all, at that time, everyone only saw Luo Zheng being taken away naked. They did not see Luo Zheng die with their own eyes.
Although he had once chosen Luo Zheng as a human target, he still admired Luo Zheng very much and admired his backbone.
Unfortunately, in an environment like the Luo family's, the Luo family disciples with backbone often died very miserably. Luo Dalong himself was a living example!
"Luo Zheng … you're back …" At this moment, the eight-foot tall man's nose twitched and his eyes turned red.
Luo Zheng slowly walked in front of Luo Dalong while everyone was stunned. "Luo Dalong, long time no see. Why did you become a human target? “
"This, it's a long story," Luo Dalong sighed.
"Then we'll talk about it later. But just now, I think I saw someone who wanted to kill you?" As Luo Zheng spoke, he looked at Huang Xing who was not far away and said indifferently, "Is it this guy?" “
Huang Xing was originally unable to restrain his anger. Because of Luo Zheng's sneak attack, his arm was almost cut off. Now this guy seemed to want to find trouble with him? Did he not know who he was? Did he want to die?
"So what if it's me?" Huang Xing sneered. "Do you know who I am?" “
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I don't know …" The sword in his hand slightly tilted and slowly shook.
"I am …"
"Puchi!"
Before Huang Xing could finish his words, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had already shaken out a brilliant silver flower and cut open Huang Xing's neck.
"Yes … yes …" Huang Xing's eyes widened. He found that he could not continue speaking. His eyes were full of unwillingness.
Why didn't you let me finish speaking?
If you knew my identity, you definitely wouldn't dare to kill me!
I died unjustly. My father will avenge me.

Chapter 315
When he first saw Luo Zheng, Luo Peihao was still immersed in a huge shock and did not react.
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, why did this guy come back?
But the next scene made him even more shocked. He actually killed Huang Xing with a single sword strike?
Huang Xing died just like that?
Was this Luo Zheng crazy?
Huang Xing was the young lord of the Huang family! He was killed just like that, how could the Huang family let this go? If Huang Xing died here, it would bring disaster to the Luo family!
"Luo … Luo Zheng … Do you know who he is?" Luo Peihao's voice trembled as he spoke.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "Didn't I tell you? I am not interested. "
"I don't care if you are interested or not, this Huang Xing is the young lord of the Huang family. Do you know the Huang family? Now, the most powerful family in Chongyang County, the head of the Huang family is a master of Xiantian fifth stage. If Huang Xing dies here, our Luo family will be exterminated! "Luo Peihao roared.
Hearing Luo Peihao's words, many disciples showed a worried look.
A master of Xiantian fifth stage was considered an absolute master in Chongyang County.
Did Luo Zheng have the capital to fight against the Huang family?
"You can shut up, otherwise, you will also die." Luo Zheng glanced at Luo Peihao.
Just a glance from Luo Zheng made Luo Peihao feel as if he was being stared at by a poisonous snake. His whole body trembled, but he still clenched his teeth and said: "You, you dare to kill me, my father … my father will not let you go. “
"If I don't kill you, will Luo Bingquan let me go?" Luo Zheng sneered.
"You are right, this time you came back, you are courting death!" Luo Peihao said. Thinking of his father, his heart suddenly calmed down. Luo Bingquan's strength had made great progress, he had broken through the barrier of the Refining Marrow stage and had reached the Xiantian third stage!
"Courting death?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He glanced at a pavilion next to the Martial Arts Practice Field. Then, he stepped on the wall of the Martial Arts Practice Field and jumped up like an agile cat. He climbed to the top of the pavilion in a few moves.
From here, he could overlook the layers of pavilions of the Luo family.
After so many years of management, the courtyard and pavilions of the Luo family were very exquisite and the design of the Su style garden was very exquisite.
"Although these houses are not worth mentioning in the eyes of the Imperial capital's aristocrats, they were managed by our ancestors. and I will never allow these things to be destroyed in the hands of Luo Bingquan.." Luo Zheng secretly thought in his heart.
Then, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and shouted, "Disciples of the Luo Family, listen to my order! I, Luo Zheng is! The Luo Family's disciples, elders, regardless of whether they were from the side branch or the main branch, as long as they had the surname Luo, they were to gather at the Martial Arts Practice Field! Also, Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi, you two bastards, come out obediently and die! “
Luo Zheng's voice was very loud and resonant. Because he used Zhen Yuan, his voice could travel a long distance. Moreover, the penetration was extremely strong. Even people in the depths of the basement could hear him clearly, as if his voice was ringing in their ears. “
"Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng?" “
"Luo Zheng is back?"
When the disciples scattered all over the Luo Family heard this voice, they immediately felt excited.
Although they didn't know what happened and why Luo Zheng could come back, since Luo Zheng dared to appear in the Luo family, this already explained a lot of things.
At least, Luo Zheng was not afraid of Luo Bingquan.
In a pavilion near the water, Luo Peiran sat in a wheelchair and looked at the blue waves in the small pond expressionlessly.
Although the scenery in the small pond was very beautiful, Luo Peiran was not in the mood …
If a martial artist was crippled, it would be like an ordinary person having their arms and legs broken. Their life's pursuit, their conviction as a powerful expert, would already vanish like smoke in thin air.
Ever since the battle of Purgatory Mountain, when Luo Peiran was crippled by Luo Zheng, he completely lost his value in front of the Wang Family.
In reality, a noble family like Wang Family wasn't something a commoner like Luo Peiran could climb up to. Luo Peiran might be considered a figure in Chongyang County, but in Burning Heaven Imperial City, he was nothing. He was just a commoner in the normal sense.
The reason why Wang Hengzhi could get along well with Luo Peiran was completely because of Luo Yan. It was because back then, in the Blue Cloud Sect, he was the only one who had a trace of blood relationship with Luo Yan.
However, Luo Zheng's appearance in Purgatory Mountain made both Wang Hengzhi and Wang Yanmiao understand that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's older brother.
It could be said that even if Luo Zheng didn't cripple Luo Peiran that day in Purgatory Mountain, the Wang Family would still definitely abandon Luo Peiran, because Luo Peiran already lost his value.
That was why when he was carried away that day, the Wang Family only found a few people to bring him back to Chongyang County, to the extent where they directly threw his crippled self at the entrance of Chongyang County …
During this period of time when he returned home, he didn't have a single moment of happiness. His heart was still filled with deep worry.
What if one day, Luo Zheng slaughtered his way back?
According to Luo Peiran's judgment, this time frame might be three years, or it might be five years. As long as Luo Zheng didn't die unexpectedly, Luo Zheng would return sooner or later.
Meanwhile, when Luo Zheng returned, it wouldn't only be Luo Peiran's unlucky day, at that time, his father Luo Bingquan and his second uncle Luo Junyi would also suffer.
However …
Luo Peiran didn't expect this day to come so quickly.
Luo Zheng's calm voice was like thunder from a clear sky, exploding by his ears. His originally pale face immediately became deathly gray.
"Why is it so fast?" Luo Peiran murmured.
Unfortunately, no one answered his question. Only two kingfishers nimbly flew across the small pond, leaving behind circles of ripples that slowly spread on the surface of the water.
In the deepest hall of the Luo Family, Luo Bingquan was cultivating with his eyes closed.
Unlike the Luo Family's disciples, he was very clear about Luo Zheng's various movements through Luo Peiran's mouth. He was also very worried about the things that Luo Peiran was worried about.
However, although Luo Bingquan knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't know about Luo Zheng's progress since then. Moreover, the All-Peak Great Competition had just ended, so he also didn't know about it.
"He only left for a year, and he's already back?" Luo Bingquan murmured.
Ever since he learned that Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Bingquan also had a deep sense of crisis. Under the pressure of this sense of crisis, he cultivated day and night, and unexpectedly broke through the bottleneck and reached the Xiantian stage three realm!
For Luo Bingquan, who was over fifty years old, this was a miracle.
"In just one year, even if your talent is outstanding, so what? You're making progress, and I'm also making progress. Now I've reached the Xiantian stage three realm … If you can stay calm and cultivate in the Blue Cloud Sect for ten years, I may be afraid of you. But in just one year, are you sure you're my opponent? Even if you're my opponent, are you sure you're that person's opponent? " Luo Bingquan looked out from the window of the hall and said coldly.
"Creak —"
The wooden door of the hall was pushed open.
"Second Brother! Luo Zheng is back! "Luo Junyi's face showed a panicked look.
Luo Bingquan coldly glared at Luo Junyi, "Don't I have ears? How can I not hear such a loud voice? "
"What should we do?" Luo Junyi asked directly.
"What should we do? What else can we do? Now that things have come to this, besides fighting to the death, what other choice do we have? Let that person out. We've helped him so much, and now, it's time for him to repay us! " Luo Bingquan immediately stood up and looked towards the direction of Luo Zheng's voice. He stretched out his hand and Zhen Yuan rolled out.
The thirteen swords hanging on the wall suddenly came out of their sheaths and floated behind him.
Then, he rushed towards the direction of the Practice Hall.
Looking at Luo Bingquan's distant figure, Luo Junyi clenched his teeth and ran in the opposite direction.
There was also a cellar of the Luo family, but this cellar was very special. Except for Luo Junyi and Luo Bingquan, no one else knew about it.
Luo Junyi got into the deep cellar and opened the two locks with a key. The moment he opened the door, a strong smell of blood came from the cellar.
"Who is it?" A hoarse voice came from the cellar.
"I'm Luo Junyi," Luo Junyi said.
"You're looking for me because of that kid, right?" The hoarse voice laughed. Luo Zheng's voice contained Zhen Yuan and had a strong penetrating power. Even in such a deep cellar, that person could hear it clearly.
That person naturally heard it. Luo Zheng called Luo Junyi and Luo Bingquan "dog thieves", so he must have a great hatred for them.
"Yes, Senior Blood Prisoner, please help us!" Luo Junyi said in a low voice.
"Hahaha, that kid's voice is full of energy. You came to me because you can't deal with that kid. That kid's strength must be very strong. Do you think I'm stupid?" The Blood Prisoner laughed.
"Senior Blood Prisoner, we have provided you with a lot of flesh and blood these days, at least let you eat more than a dozen living people … If we can't beat that kid, I'm afraid no one will help you collect flesh and blood in the future. Moreover, Luo Zheng will find your existence, if you are exposed …" Luo Junyi said.
"Threatening me? Hmph, I can help you once, but the price is to find 100 living people for me to eat within a month! "The Blood Prisoner said again.
"100 living people …" Luo Junyi's face showed hesitation. Although there were many people in Chongyang County, if 100 living people disappeared for no reason, it would definitely attract some people's attention. For the Luo family, it was still a little troublesome.
"If you can't do it, then forget it. At worst, I'll change to another place!" The Blood Prisoner said coldly.
"I'm willing, I'm willing. Senior Blood Prisoner, I'll do as you say!" Luo Junyi nodded and bowed.
"Hahaha, good! This kid's flesh and blood, I want it! " After the Blood Prisoner finished speaking, he walked out of the cellar. The moment he walked out, a strong smell of blood surged.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 316
The senior Blood Prisoner that Luo Junyi spoke of was originally active in Chongyang County, Shangwu County, Yunshan County, and several other counties.
Because he cultivated demonic arts, Blood Prisoner had to eat the flesh of living people every day. In the past few years, the number of missing people in Chongyang County and several other counties had increased greatly.
At first, these missing people did not arouse any suspicion. It was not until someone accidentally broke into his cave and discovered layers of human bones that the truth was revealed.
This matter was quickly reported to the higher levels. The Fengwang Dynasty quickly sent experts to capture Blood Prisoner. At the same time, the Blue Cloud Sect also issued a bounty mission. After receiving the mission, the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect all rushed over.
Although Blood Prisoner's demonic arts were powerful, he could not withstand the encirclement of so many experts. In the end, he was seriously injured and fled.
At this time, Luo Peiran was sent back to the Luo Family after being crippled. At the same time, Luo Bingquan also learned that Luo Zheng was still alive and his strength had increased rapidly. He had entered the Blue Cloud Sect.
After learning that Luo Zheng was not dead and had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Bingquan fell seriously ill. He and Luo Zheng were destined to have a life and death feud. The Blue Cloud Sect was a martial arts holy land. Luo Zheng's talent was not inferior to Luo Peiran's. What if after five or ten years, Luo Zheng's cultivation had improved and he killed his way back to the Luo Family?
One could imagine the pressure Luo Bingquan was under. Every time he thought of Luo Zheng, this hidden danger, he could not sleep at night.
However, it was under this pressure that Luo Bingquan made two or three breakthroughs after recovering from his illness! Not only did he break through the xiantian stage, but he also reached the xiantian stage three.
Generally speaking, when a martial artist reached a certain age, their bones would solidify and it would be difficult for them to make any big breakthroughs. The reason Luo Bingquan could reach this stage was all thanks to Luo Zheng's pressure.
Even though he had reached the xiantian stage three, Luo Bingquan still did not dare to let his guard down. The Blue Cloud Sect was too powerful. Luo Peiran had entered the Blue Cloud Sect with only a little help from the landowning Wang Family, and his strength had improved by leaps and bounds.
If Luo Zheng was given enough time to grow, he would still be no match for him.
It was at this moment that Luo Bingquan encountered the blood prisoners who were being chased everywhere.
There was no doubt about the strength of the blood prisoner, but he was seriously injured and had to hide here and there. In the end, he hid in the cellar of the Luo family.
Because the blood prisoner was very powerful, Luo Bingquan didn't realize that the blood prisoner was hiding in the Luo family at first. However, after six or seven people disappeared in a row, Luo Bingquan realized that something was wrong. Now, the news of the blood prisoner being encircled and annihilated was spreading like wildfire outside. With Luo Bingquan's wisdom, he quickly deduced that the blood prisoner was hiding in the Luo family.
Not only did he not alert the enemy, but he also concealed the matter of the missing people. In the entire Luo family, only he and Luo Junyi knew about this matter!
Not only did Luo Junyi not report the blood prisoner, but he even found the blood prisoner in the Luo family and offered to help him hide. He even offered to provide living people for the blood prisoner to feed on!
As for the other servants and children who suspected the missing people of the Luo family, Luo Junyi personally gave them to the blood prisoner and they were swallowed by the blood prisoner.
After that, Luo Bingquan would catch one or two living people every once in a while and throw them into the cellar where the blood prisoner was. He would let the blood prisoner eat them and help him recover his strength.
At first, Luo Bingquan threw those death row prisoners who were used as "meat targets". Later, there weren't enough meat targets, so Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi had to go outside to catch people.
This was also why Luo Dalong was also caught and used as a meat target. It was because the Luo family didn't have enough meat targets …
The biggest reason why Luo Junyi did this was naturally because of Luo Zheng. In his opinion, Luo Zheng would come back sooner or later, and the blood prisoner's strength was enough to deal with Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Junyi didn't expect that Luo Zheng would come back so quickly. It had only been a year since he left the Luo family. Even if Luo Zheng made rapid progress, so what?
With Luo Bingquan's current strength, he was afraid that he could defeat Luo Zheng!
However, just in case, Luo Bingquan still let Luo Junyi inform the blood prisoner. Although the blood prisoner's injuries had not completely healed and his strength had only recovered about 70%, which was far from the blood prisoner in his heyday. After all, with Luo Junyi's means, other than being able to get some living people, he couldn't take out any magical pills.
However, it was certainly enough to deal with Luo Zheng.
After Luo Bingquan walked out of the hall, he constantly jumped on the eaves of the Luo family, like a dragonfly skimming the water, and rushed to the Drill Hall at a very fast speed.
As soon as he arrived at the Drill Hall, he saw that the children of the Luo family were constantly gathering around Luo Zheng. Most of them were the children of the third, fourth, and fifth branches. Among them, there were also many children of the second and third branches.
The person standing in the center was Luo Zheng. He wore a green robe and held a treasured sword that emitted a cold light.
"Luo Zheng! You betrayed the Luo family, how dare you come back! " Luo Bingquan shouted in a condescending voice. The thirteen swords suddenly unfolded, and purple True Essence wrapped around the thirteen swords, flashing purple light.
"The Luo family is my home, why wouldn't I dare to come back?" Luo Zheng raised his head, without the slightest fear on his face.
Because of the long-term oppression, many children of the Luo family stood beside Luo Zheng at this time, recognizing Luo Zheng as the new head of the family. However, in the face of Luo Bingquan's power, they were very nervous!
After all, Luo Bingquan was the head of the Luo family and had accumulated power for a long time. Although many children were very confident in Luo Zheng's strength, if Luo Zheng was really defeated by Luo Bingquan, then their end could be imagined.
Therefore, many children moved to the side under Luo Bingquan's pressure … At least, if Luo Zheng was defeated, they could choose a slightly neutral position!
But at this time, Luo Yushu suddenly shouted, "Luo Zheng is our new head of the family, why can't he come back!" “
Luo Dalong saw this and shouted at the same time, "That's right, Luo Zheng is Luo Xiao's son, the son inheriting the father's business is right and proper, why can't he come back? On the contrary, you, Luo Bingquan, have gone against the tide and ruined the family business! You are the traitor who betrayed the Luo family! " “
Under the instigation of Luo Yushu and Luo Dalong, the crowd kept shouting. Those who were slightly hesitant and wanted to remain neutral were infected by the atmosphere and also shouted together.
These years, Luo Bingquan had allowed Huang Ge and a group of outsiders to mess around in the family, and the distribution of resources was extremely unfair, so he had lost the support of the people.
Seeing the Luo family's children so bold, Luo Bingquan coldly said, "You all want to betray the Luo family?"
"Not betray the Luo family! Betray you, Luo Bingquan! The Luo family doesn't belong to you alone, it belongs to everyone! But you, Luo Bingquan, think it belongs to you alone! "Luo Yushu shouted again.
"Courting death!" Killing intent flashed in Luo Bingquan's eyes, and one of the thirteen swords immediately shot towards Luo Yushu.
Seeing Luo Bingquan's action, everyone's heart trembled. None of them could resist Luo Bingquan.
The sword's momentum was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, it arrived in front of Luo Yushu. At this time, a cold light suddenly flashed in front of Luo Yushu.
"Ping Ping …"
With two crisp sounds, the sword had broken into two pieces.
Luo Zheng gently waved the Flowing Light Sword in his hand, looked up at Luo Bingquan indifferently and said, "This is your attitude towards the Luo family. In your eyes, the Luo family's people can only be slaughtered by you. If you want to kill them, you can kill them. What's the difference between the Luo family's children and pigs?"
"Yes, just because of a disagreement, you want to kill me. Do you really think I'm the Luo family's child? Luo Bingquan, do you really think I have the same surname as you, and that we are related by blood? " Luo Yushu also said coldly. Now, Luo Yushu had nothing to lose. He could only blindly trust Luo Zheng and trust Luo Zheng's strength!
The result proved that he didn't trust the wrong person. Luo Zheng could indeed protect him without any harm!
In this case, Luo Yushu naturally didn't have any scruples. He, a junior, actually dared to reprimand Luo Bingquan to his face!
Luo Bingquan didn't make a sound, but stared at the sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
His thirteen swords were all mid-grade Xuan weapons! In order to gather these thirteen mid-grade Xuan weapons, Luo Bingquan had spent a lot of effort.
But just now, the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand flashed twice, and cut one of his mid-grade Xuan weapons into two pieces.
Just like cutting melons and vegetables …
What kind of sword was that? A high-grade Xuan weapon? Or a low-grade Xuan weapon? Or a mid-grade Xuan weapon?
Luo Bingquan never dreamed that Luo Zheng's sword was actually an Immortal weapon!

Chapter 317
In Chong Yang County, even low-grade spiritual weapons were rare.
In the past, Luo Xiao's high-grade profound weapon was enough to dominate the entire Chong Yang County, attracting the envy of countless people.
However, times have changed. After several large mines were discovered in Chong Yang County, the warriors slowly became wealthy. Now, there were several spiritual weapons in Chong Yang County.
Among them, the Patriarch of the Huang Family, who developed the fastest, even had a mid-grade spiritual weapon!
Therefore, Luo Bingquan's scope was limited to spiritual weapons. As for immortal weapons, they were completely legendary existences to him!
Just as Luo Bingquan was staring blankly at Luo Zheng's treasured sword, Luo Zheng coldly said, "Luo Bingquan, did you hear that? This is your position in the hearts of the younger generation in the family. As the Patriarch, you are too much of a failure! "
Luo Bingquan smiled slightly, and the remaining twelve swords behind him suddenly trembled, "You say I'm a failure, and I'm a failure? It's just some younger generation in the family making a ruckus. It's just a small game. You want to push me down from the position of Patriarch? Which elder will support you? "
Who knew that just as Luo Bingquan finished speaking, three middle-aged men walked into the Martial Arts Hall, followed by more than a dozen Luo Family disciples.
"We support Luo Zheng," said the leader of the middle-aged men.
"Second Brother, you've gone too far these years …" said another middle-aged man.
These three middle-aged men were Luo Zheng's Third Uncle, Fourth Uncle, and Fifth Uncle.
After hearing Luo Zheng's shout, they hurriedly brought the Luo family's disciples and rushed over.
"Luo Zhuoyun, Luo Hanqin, Luo Zhiyao! The three of you also want to rebel against the Luo Family? "Luo Bingquan's expression became even more gloomy, as if water could drip from his face.
If these three people stood up, it would not be the younger generation making a ruckus. The three of them were the leaders of the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Branches. As long as they gave the order, all the disciples of their branches would follow them!
"Second Brother, we're not rebelling against the Luo Family, we're rebelling against you," said Luo Zhuoyun.
In fact, the three of them were already very dissatisfied with Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi's actions, but there was no one in charge of the Luo Family! No one took the initiative to step forward!
In the end, it was still because of the lack of strength. Whoever stood out first would probably be instantly killed by Luo Bingquan!
Therefore, they needed an opportunity!
Now, their opportunity had come, and that person was Luo Zheng. Therefore, the three of them chose to stand behind Luo Zheng!
Hearing Luo Zhuoyun's words, Luo Bingquan sighed. Then he sneered and said, "Fine, fine. Everyone kicks a man who is down. But let me tell you, you … will definitely regret it."
At this moment, the sound of a walking stick hitting the ground could be heard from the entrance of the Martial Arts Hall.
"Duk duk duk …"
An old man with a head full of white hair, supported by two servants, slowly moved in with a walking stick. This old man was already very old and had a doddering appearance.
With great difficulty, he finally walked to the entrance of the Martial Arts Hall. After taking a breath, he said with a hoarse voice, "Luo Bingquan, we … will not regret it!"
This old man was one of the elders of the Luo Family. He was Luo Xiao's grandfather and Luo Zheng's great-grandfather, Luo Jin!
"Third Master is here!"
"Great-grandfather is here, too. Wasn't he unable to walk?"
"Great-grandfather also supports Luo Zheng! Today, all of us must work together to bring down Luo Bingquan! "
The disciples of the Luo Family discussed animatedly.
Because Luo Jin was too old, he rarely appeared in public. However, he was the oldest person in the Luo Family and had the highest seniority.
Although he was so old that he could barely walk, no one dared to ignore his words!
After all, in the family, it was not only strength that mattered, but also seniority.
"Third Master, you …" Luo Bingquan was speechless.
Even the Third Master, who sold half of his soil, came to join in the fun. Is there no one in the Luo Family who supports me?
You just took the opportunity to stir up trouble because Luo Zheng came back. Humph, I will chop Luo Zheng into pieces later. I wonder what you will say then.
Thinking of this, Luo Bingquan's hatred for Luo Zheng deepened.
Luo Zheng walked through the crowd and came to Luo Jin's side. He bowed to Luo Jin and shouted, "Great-grandfather."
Luo Jin stretched out his trembling hand and said in a hoarse voice, "Zheng 'er, the Luo Family is at the end of its road. It's all that bastard's fault. The Luo Family is sorry for you, sorry for your father … Now, the only one who can save the Luo Family is you!"
Luo Zheng nodded, "Great-grandfather, I understand. That's why I came back!"
Luo Zheng didn't come back to the Luo Family to get any benefits!
Just the Flowing Light Sword in Luo Zheng's hand was worth less than one-tenth of the Flowing Light Sword, even if all the properties of the Luo Family were sold.
However, the Luo Family was his root. It was the place where he was born and grew up. The Luo Family members here had the same bloodline as him!
After saying this, Luo Zheng jumped up onto the roof. He stared at Luo Bingquan coldly, "Luo Bingquan, did you hear that? What does it mean to be popular? What does it mean to be orthodox? What does it mean to be popular? "
"I, Luo Zheng, am the eldest son of the eldest branch. This is called being orthodox! This is what people expect! This is what people expect! "
"You, Luo Bingquan, murdered your elder brother and usurped the position of the head of the family. You are a perverse person, and you let the little ones in the family do evil things! You are not kicking a man when he is down, because you don't deserve to be the wall of the Luo Family! You are doomed to destruction for doing evil! "
Luo Zheng's words were harsh. Every word was like a heavy hammer, hitting Luo Bingquan's heart heavily.
With Luo Zheng's strength, there was no need for him to talk nonsense with Luo Bingquan. He could just kill him directly. However, Luo Zheng didn't plan to do that.
Luo Zheng hated this man. He hated him for murdering his father. He hated him for squandering countless properties of the Luo Family just to satisfy his own selfish desires. He hated him for locking him in the cellar and treating him inhumanely!
This kind of hatred was not something that could be erased by just killing him with a sword!
Luo Zheng's words hit Luo Bingquan's heart. When Luo Bingquan's face paled to a certain degree, his body suddenly shook. Then, he suddenly coughed up a mouthful of blood!
"Luo Bingquan vomited blood!"
"Luo Zheng's words actually made him vomit blood! What's going on? "
"Is he afraid of Luo Zheng? Or is it because Luo Zheng's words hit his vitals? "
Many of the Luo Family's disciples showed a puzzled expression.
Luo Yan, who was at the back of the crowd, looked at Luo Bingquan indifferently. The Luo Family's disciples were making a fuss about nothing, but in Luo Yan's eyes, it was a normal thing.
Everyone has their own heart of martial arts. This heart of martial arts contains one's beliefs, good and evil, and also one's worldview.
The heart of martial arts is actually a kind of belief. However, it contains the word "heart". This shows that the heart of martial arts is very fragile. It needs to be constantly stabilized in order to make one's heart of martial arts strong.
Some martial artists would provoke each other as soon as the fight started. They would even use some means to attack the opponent. They would open their mouth to point out the opponent's weakness, or deliberately look down on the opponent's strength, all in order to attack the opponent's heart of martial arts! If the heart of martial arts was shaken, or if a flaw appeared, the opponent could take advantage of it and use it to defeat oneself.
Luo Bingquan suddenly saw Luo Zheng come forward. When he sighed and said that he was "a wall that everyone kicks when it is down", a flaw appeared in Luo Bingquan's heart of martial arts.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped up. Every word he said was reasonable, and every word hit the heart! Almost instantly, Luo Bingquan's heart of martial arts was broken, causing Luo Bingquan's heart of martial arts to shake violently.
Luo Bingquan's anger attacked his heart. Naturally, his body was injured, and he vomited blood!
"You vomited blood because you still have a trace of humanity left in you! You still have a trace of guilt! But … "Luo Zheng shook his head," It's too late. You have already dragged the Luo family into the abyss. Although I will clean up the mess you have made, the price is to end your life! "
"Hahahahaha …"
At this time, Luo Bingquan suddenly laughed. There was madness in his laughter. This laughter lasted for a while before it stopped.
"You're right. Even if it's as you say, and I'm a sinner, so what? End my life? Do you have the ability? If you die, who in the Luo family dares to disobey me? In the end, in this world, strength is respected! " Luo Bingquan went berserk. With a ferocious face, he said, "If I kill Luo Zheng, you, you, and you! You old bastard Luo Jin! Luo Zhuoyun? Luo Hanqin … you still dare to disobey me? You still dare to talk nonsense? "
After he finished speaking, Luo Bingquan spat out a wisp of blood essence from his mouth. A strong Evil Blood Qi escaped, and the dark purple True Essence attached to the swords turned blood red!
Every sword exuded a strong smell of blood, as if these swords had slaughtered thousands of creatures!

Chapter 318
Many disciples of the Luo Family felt the smell of blood from Luo Bingquan's body and their expressions changed.
"What a strong smell of blood! This is not our Luo Family's cultivation method! "
"Isn't Luo Bingquan practicing 'Red Sandalwood Fist'? Why did he suddenly change his style? "
"This seems to be … Blood Demon Force!" This is not the cultivation method of the demon Blood Prisoner. Why would Luo Bingquan practice this evil cultivation method? "
Luo Hanqin and the others' expressions all changed!
Previously, in order to hunt down the Blood Prisoner, the Chongyang County government had issued a detailed notice. The notice described the Blood Prisoner's appearance, temperament, and even the cultivation method used by the Blood Prisoner.
The smell of blood from Luo Bingquan's body was almost exactly the same as the Blood Demon Force described in the official notice! However, Luo Hanqin could not be sure. It was just a guess! After all, the written description had certain limitations and Luo Hanqin and the others had never seen the Blood Prisoner.
However, one thing was certain. Luo Bingquan's cultivation method was definitely not a proper cultivation method!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Bingquan activated the twelve swords behind him and drew twelve trajectories in the air!
In the eyes of many disciples of the Luo Family, these flying swords were like the scythe of the Grim Reaper. Each sword could easily reap their lives.
As the swords danced in the air, the smell of blood became even stronger. It was as if there were demons flying in the sky.
Many disciples of the Luo Family were secretly worried. Could Luo Zheng block these swords? Although he was imposing, could he be a match for Luo Bingquan?
Luo Zheng wanted to save the Luo Family from the abyss and stabilize the shaky foundation of the Luo Family. The most important step was to defeat Luo Bingquan!
If Luo Zheng was defeated, then everything he said would be just empty talk. Moreover, the disciples who supported Luo Zheng now would probably end up very miserable! With Luo Bingquan's character, all the disciples in the Drill Hall today would probably be punished!
Could Luo Zheng do it?
At that time, when Luo Zheng wanted to escape from the Luo Family, he was forced back by Luo Bingquan's flying swords. Each flying sword forced Luo Zheng to take a step back. At that time, Luo Zheng did not even dare to touch the sword's edge.
However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, although the blood-red true essence attached to these treasured swords was thick with the smell of blood, the true essence was extremely impure. This was a sign that a martial artist's foundation was unstable!
In the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, the Zhen Yuan of any minor aristocratic family's branch disciple was much purer than Luo Bingquan's Zhen Yuan.
In the eyes of the Luo Clan's disciples, those swords were like venomous snakes, but in the eyes of Luo Zheng, they were just insignificant insects!
Seeing the twelve swords spread out and encircle him from twelve different directions, Luo Zheng only revealed a cold smile on his face. He lightly jumped down from the roof, stepped on the courtyard wall, and madly rushed toward Luo Bingquan.
One after another, the treasured swords continuously shot toward Luo Zheng, blocking Luo Zheng's advance.
However, Luo Zheng was like an agile monkey. Every time those treasured swords stabbed toward Luo Zheng, they would always be a few inches away from Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng would always be able to dodge these treasured swords with extremely small movements.
This scene caused the majority of the Luo Clan's disciples to tremble with fear! After all, in their eyes, as long as Luo Zheng took a single wrong step, twelve holes would instantly appear on his body.
However, the slightly stronger elders of the Luo Clan were able to see the strength of Luo Zheng's movement technique. Luo Zheng simply didn't put these twelve sharp swords in his eyes. He waited until these swords came within a foot of him before he began to dodge.
Only those who had absolute confidence in their own speed and movement technique would dare to do so. Luo Zheng … was actually so strong?
After passing through the courtyard wall without mishap, Luo Zheng jumped onto a small platform. Before Luo Zheng's feet touched the ground, he heard Luo Bingquan's sneer.
"Luo Zheng, do you really think you can avoid my swords? I already knew that you would step onto this platform. Let's see how you'll dodge this time! "
As soon as Luo Bingquan's voice fell, the twelve flying swords suddenly shot toward the platform. At this moment, Luo Zheng was in the air and simply couldn't dodge.
"Die for me!" A mocking expression appeared on Luo Bingquan's face. This kid was still too inexperienced. If he had cultivated in the Blue Cloud Sect for eight to ten years, he was afraid that he wouldn't be Luo Zheng's opponent.
But now, although Luo Zheng had made a breakthrough, he had also made a breakthrough. Moreover, the blood prisoner had also passed on the 《Evil Blood Force》 to him, allowing his strength to make great progress!
Luo Zheng, you're not my opponent!
"Ah, oh no, you can't jump there!" A Luo Family disciple screamed.
"Luo Bingquan is so insidious. From the beginning, he planned to set up an inescapable net on that small platform. The initial attack was probably just a feint!"
At this moment, some Luo Family disciples closed their eyes and didn't dare to watch. The next scene had already formed in their minds. Luo Zheng's body would inevitably have twelve bloody holes!
Even some of the Luo Family elders with better eyesight had a somewhat ugly expression at this moment. They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would easily fall into Luo Bingquan's trap.
Even Luo Dalong and Luo Yushu clenched their fists tightly, hoping for a miracle to happen. But the probability of this miracle happening was too small!
Standing behind the crowd, Luo Yan couldn't help but shake his head and sigh softly. With his brother's tyrannical and abnormal body, even if these swords directly stabbed him, he was afraid that they wouldn't be able to leave a scar.
He didn't know what Luo Bingquan's expression would be after seeing this scene. His brother was going to kill him.
Luo Bingquan's face revealed an excited expression. In order to make Luo Zheng's death more miserable, he even tried to stimulate the True Essence in his body to increase the power of the flying swords by fifty percent! This kind of flying sword could not only pierce Luo Zheng's body, but also penetrate through his body, forming twenty-four bloody holes.
However, the moment those flying swords stabbed Luo Zheng, the excited expression on Luo Bingquan's face suddenly froze and was replaced by a face full of doubt. For a moment, he seemed to wonder if there was something wrong with his eyes.
Why … why wasn't Luo Zheng pierced by his flying swords?
It seemed that the moment it came into contact with Luo Zheng, it was bounced off by his body?
How could this be?
If it was bounced off by Luo Zheng's True Essence Shield, there was still a slight possibility. But the flying swords were clearly aimed at Luo Zheng's body.
How could a person's body be so tyrannical?
Impossible!
These were flying swords driven by "Blood Evil Force"!
Although "Blood Evil Force" was an Earth-class technique, "Blood Evil Force" walked the Dao of Slaughter. Cultivating it was twice the result with half the effort, and its power was far superior to other techniques of the same level. It was comparable to a Heaven-class technique!
Many of the Luo Family's disciples were dumbfounded when they saw this scene.
In theory, the stronger Luo Zheng's performance, the better it would be. The problem was that Luo Zheng's current performance suddenly exceeded their imagination.
In the eyes of the Luo Family's disciples, Luo Bingquan was a supreme existence. He had the power to decide the life and death of the entire Luo Family. It was not because of anything else, but because he was strong enough to kill anyone in the Luo Family in a second.
Who dared to refuse?
One word: death.
But …
But in the face of Luo Bingquan's all-out attack, Luo Zheng blocked it with his body.
The twelve flying swords couldn't even break Luo Zheng's skin and were directly bounced off.
"This must be the legendary invulnerability … …" A Luo Family's disciple murmured.
Luo Jin's old eyes were blurred, but when he saw this scene, two lines of turbid tears rolled down from the corners of his eyes. He sighed with a hoarse voice and said: "Heaven has eyes, Luo Xiao, you can die in peace. You have a successor!"
Luo Zheng looked at the dumbfounded Luo Bingquan and said coldly: "You tell me, how can I dodge? I don't want to dodge at all. Although we are both at Xiantian third stage, but I'm afraid you can't imagine the gap between us! "
After saying this, Luo Zheng once again shot up from the small platform and rushed towards Luo Bingquan.
Luo Bingquan was not stupid!
He had been preparing his strongest attack for a long time, but it had no effect on Luo Zheng. This showed that Luo Zheng's strength had already reached an unimaginable level.
Driven by great fear, Luo Bingquan only had one thought in his mind, and that was to escape!
But how could Luo Bingquan's speed be compared with Luo Zheng's? When Luo Zheng really increased his speed, Luo Zheng almost caught up with him.
In this critical situation, Luo Bingquan could only shout loudly: "Senior, save me!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already stuck close to Luo Bingquan's back and said coldly: "Even if God is here, he can't save you!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng punched Luo Bingquan's back. Luo Bingquan, who had suffered a heavy blow, was smashed into a house.
At this time, not far away, a cold voice came: "Who dares to hurt my disciple? I'll swallow you alive! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 319
Not far away, a blood-red figure flew over at an extremely fast speed. Luo Junyi also followed behind without stopping.
Luo Junyi naturally heard Luo Bingquan's cry for help.
"What? Luo Zheng defeated Luo Bingquan? "Luo Junyi couldn't accept this fact for a while.
Then, he heard Blood Prisoner call Luo Bingquan his disciple, and his heart was shocked again.
When did Luo Bingquan become Blood Prisoner's disciple?
Although Luo Junyi knew that Luo Bingquan hid Blood Prisoner in the Luo family to fight against Luo Zheng, Luo Junyi still didn't agree with Blood Prisoner.
After all, Blood Prisoner wasn't righteous. He swallowed people alive and sucked their blood. These actions made people's hair stand on end. Even if they cooperated with Blood Prisoner, it was like asking a tiger for its skin. One day, they would be devoured by Blood Prisoner. But because of Luo Zheng's existence, Luo Bingquan had to make this choice, and Luo Junyi also understood.
But Luo Junyi didn't know that Luo Bingquan had become Blood Prisoner's disciple!
Although he was puzzled, there wasn't much time for Luo Junyi to think about it. After all, it was a critical time now.
Luo Zheng punched Luo Bingquan into the house, and he also jumped in. Although Luo Zheng's punch only exerted forty to fifty percent of its power, it was enough to make Luo Bingquan suffer.
After a while, they saw Luo Zheng pull out a person from the house. That person's face was covered with blood and looked dispirited. It was Luo Bingquan.
With a casual punch, Luo Bingquan was defeated by Luo Zheng.
The Luo family's disciples sighed in their hearts. It seemed that they had underestimated Luo Zheng's strength.
Right at this moment, all of them noticed the blood red figure that had appeared not too far away, and their expressions instantly changed drastically when they saw that figure!
That person's whole body was bright red, as if the skin on the surface had been peeled off alive, leaving only the inner layer of flesh and blood!
An endless smell of blood drifted out from that person's body, making people wonder if they were in an Asura field.
Without looking at his face, almost many people recognized him at first sight.
There was a detailed description of this infamous ogre in the government's announcement.
"Blood Prisoner! It's Blood Prisoner! He's in our house! "
"He actually called Luo Bingquan his disciple! Could it be that Luo Bingquan has become his disciple? "
"No wonder … No wonder the smell of blood on Luo Bingquan's body is so strong. He really did learn Blood Prisoner's Blood Fiend Force. No wonder someone in the family went missing! So … "
The Luo Family's disciples were not strong, but they were not fools. Although the disappearance of the Luo Family's people had been strictly sealed by Luo Bingquan, how could they hide the disappearance of living people? It was just that Luo Bingquan had blocked the news and prevented everyone from discussing this matter.
Although some people found it strange, they didn't associate it with the blood prisoners.
Now that everyone saw the Blood Prisoner, they naturally figured it out!
That so-called demon-like fellow was actually hiding in their home and had even become their master living in their home ….
The Blood Prisoner floated in the air, his hair constantly fluttering behind his head. His pair of blood-red eyes stared closely at Luo Zheng and he licked his lips: "Put down my disciple, I can kill you first and then swallow your body. Otherwise, I'll swallow you alive!"
The Blood Prisoner had another hobby of swallowing living people, that was, he liked to watch the screams of those living people. Therefore, when he swallowed a living person, he always started from the hands and legs.
The human who had become his food could watch his body being swallowed little by little while screaming. This kind of twisted expression could stimulate the Blood Prisoner's appetite!
"Swallow me?" Luo Zheng's face showed a cynical look, "You're not afraid of breaking your teeth!"
"Boy, you're only at the Xiantian third stage. Do you know what realm I am at?" The Blood Prisoner floating in the air sneered.
"You've just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, the first stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. What are you so proud of? Or do you think you're very powerful? "The cynical smile on Luo Zheng's face became more intense.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Blood Prisoner suddenly choked.
Originally, the Blood Prisoner thought that this boy was a Xiantian lifeform and didn't know that he was at the Divine Reflection Realm, so he asked such a question.
He didn't expect that the other party would be able to see through his cultivation without the slightest panic on his face, which made the Blood Prisoner feel that something was wrong.
However, the Blood Prisoner couldn't figure out what was wrong. The gap between the Xiantian lifeform and the Divine Reflection Realm was very large. It was not an exaggeration to say that the gap between the two was like heaven and earth. Although the Blood Prisoner hadn't recovered all of his strength, he practiced the Dao of Slaughter, so his strength was originally higher than warriors of the same level. A Xiantian lifeform simply wasn't qualified for his attention.
Since when could a Xiantian lifeform look down on a Divine Reflection Realm warrior?
In fact, the Blood Prisoner was limited by his own limited knowledge.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were many talented people. The strength and talent of all kinds of disciples were often beyond people's imagination. Therefore, it was not uncommon to see people fighting above their level in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Of course, it was relatively rare for a Xiantian lifeform like Luo Zheng to be able to fight against a Divine Reflection Realm warrior and win.
In the counties under the Eastern Region, the strength of warriors was originally not much different. Therefore, it was almost impossible for a Xiantian lifeform to challenge a Divine Reflection Realm warrior.
This was the reason why the Blood Prisoner couldn't figure out. Why didn't Luo Zheng panic? Was there a more powerful figure behind him?
Of course, he didn't know that his strength could barely be regarded as good in the counties of the Eastern Region, but compared with the Blue Cloud Sect, he was a child in the presence of a great one.
The Blood Prisoner's peak strength was probably much weaker than that of Zhou Dan of the Black Rock Peak, not to mention that he was now injured.
In the eyes of Luo Zheng, it was naturally not worth mentioning.
"What an arrogant boy! I hope you can still be so arrogant when I tear you apart and devour you bit by bit!"
As soon as the Blood Prisoner's voice fell, wisps of blood-red blood directly spread out from his exposed flesh.
This scene looked a little frightening, as if the Blood Prisoner was forcing his own blood out with his strength. As soon as those wisps of blood appeared, they rolled towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng lifted Luo Bingquan and sneered, "Interesting. I thought you were a beast enough, but I didn't expect you to be even more of a beast than me. You even took such a person as your master! But Luo Bingquan, let me tell you, this kind of person is also trash. You're really blind! "
Luo Bingquan was lifted by Luo Zheng and had no strength to resist. His only hope now was to kill Luo Zheng with the help of the Blood Prisoner! Otherwise, he would definitely die without a burial place!
Therefore, even though he was lifted by Luo Zheng like a dead dog and his aura was extremely weak, there was still a glimmer of hope in his eyes.
As long as the Blood Prisoner took action, everything would be fine!
If he could kill Luo Zheng, he still had a chance to turn the tables.
"You will be eaten by the Blood Prisoner, bite by bite! The final result will still be the same … Haha! "Luo Bingquan laughed harshly. He had just laughed a few times, but he was already out of breath.
"Really?" Luo Zheng seemed to have completely ignored those wisps of blood rolling towards him. Instead, he continued to say to Luo Bingquan, "Then I'll let you live a little longer for the time being. I'll let you see how weak the 'Blood Prisoner' you thought you were relying on is …"
After saying this, Luo Zheng casually threw Luo Bingquan towards those wisps of blood.
The Blood Prisoner originally wanted to kill Luo Zheng in an overwhelming way. But when he heard Luo Zheng's words, the fierceness in his eyes increased a bit. He said in a cold voice, "There aren't many Xiantian lifeforms who dare to be so arrogant in front of me! I hope you won't regret it! "
"Regret?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. At this moment, he didn't dodge. Instead, he stretched out his arm and let those wisps of blood roll on his hand.
Seeing this scene, the hearts of the Luo family's people suddenly hung in the air.
In their view, Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. After gaining experience in the Blue Cloud Sect, it wouldn't be difficult for him to defeat Luo Bingquan.
But that Blood Prisoner of the Demon Tribe was a figure of the Divine Reflection Realm!
Even if he had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, to the warriors of Chongyang County, he was a god-like existence.
In a county where a Xiantian lifeform could be called a king, wouldn't a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse be a god?
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand like this, seemingly still letting the wisps of blood released by the Blood Prisoner entangle him? Wouldn't that mean he was dead for sure?

Chapter 320
Luo Zheng had used his body to withstand the attack of Luo Bingquan's flying swords, and then seriously injured Luo Bingquan. This had already shocked the juniors of Luo family, and at the same time, they had a very high evaluation of Luo Zheng's strength.
Although the evaluation was high, but just like the situation of the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Peak Competition, no one really believed that Luo Zheng, with the cultivation of Xiantian second stage, could defeat Zhou Dan, who was at the Divine Reflection realm.
Now, Luo Zheng was at the Xiantian third stage, but how could he fight against the Divine Reflection realm blood prisoner?
This kind of thing, unless one saw it with their own eyes, was very difficult to believe.
After the blood prisoner released the blood capillaries that wrapped around Luo Zheng's arm, the blood capillaries, like thousands of small insects, drilled into Luo Zheng's skin.
These blood capillaries contained the blood prisoner's own precision, as well as a strong baleful aura, and even an inch thick iron plate could be drilled through. The blood prisoner usually sucked people's flesh and blood, and relied on these blood capillaries to drill into people's bodies and devour them.
The person whose flesh and blood was devoured by the blood capillaries would only be left with shriveled skin and bones, and their end would be very miserable.
"Kid, scream miserably, scream miserably!" A cruel smile appeared on the Blood Prisoner's skinless face.
But as soon as the blood prisoner drilled into Luo Zheng's skin, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.
His invincible blood capillaries actually couldn't drill into Luo Zheng's skin!
How could this be?
Compared to Luo Bingquan, the blood prisoner had a more direct understanding of the tyrannical degree of Luo Zheng's body.
Because Luo Bingquan had used his flying swords to kill Luo Zheng, and those flying swords were only controlled by a small amount of Zhen Yuan, so after being bounced off by Luo Zheng, Luo Bingquan only felt that it was inconceivable, and perhaps he even wondered whether Luo Zheng had some kind of unique protective magic weapon.
But the blood prisoner directly used his Zhen Yuan to transform into blood capillaries, and drilled into Luo Zheng's skin. The feedback from the blood capillaries was very direct, and the strength of Luo Zheng's skin was far beyond his imagination. Those invincible blood capillaries had no effect on Luo Zheng.
While the blood prisoner was still in shock, Luo Zheng sneered: "Floating in the air must be very tiring, right? Get down here! "
After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly clenched his blood-covered hand into a fist and forcefully pulled it towards the ground. At the same time, he fiercely punched the ground!
"Boom!"
The huge force created a huge crater in the ground, and before the sound of the punch could dissipate, another "Boom!" was heard. Luo Zheng had forcefully pulled the blood prisoner down from mid-air and landed on the ground at an extremely high speed.
Countless cracks appeared on the ground, and not far from Luo Zheng, there was a human-shaped hole. The smell of blood wafted out from the hole, and the strong smell of blood was nauseating.
After a breath of time, a blood waterfall suddenly burst out from the hole. The blood waterfall splashed on the surrounding ground, and the stone slabs on the ground suddenly turned black. At the same time, a sizzling sound was heard, and the stone slabs melted in an instant. The blood waterfall was actually so corrosive.
After a while, a bloody hand stretched out from the hole. At this moment, the blood prisoner's whole body was bathed in a layer of blood-red light, as if he was a creature born from a pool of blood.
"I'm surprised, are the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect so powerful? You are only at the Xiantian third stage, but you can actually force me to ignite the blood of ten thousand devils and stimulate the body of a blood devil! " The blood prisoner's face was also shrouded in a layer of blood-red light, and only a pair of red eyes could be seen. At this moment, he could no longer be called a human, but a genuine blood devil.
Seeing the blood prisoner's appearance and the imposing aura on his body increase substantially, Luo Zheng's face exposed a surprised look.
It seemed that the path of slaughter was really a shortcut. If not for the fact that practicing the path of slaughter was easy to be devoured by the Evil Qi, who knew how many warriors in the world would have embarked on this path. This blood prisoner was only at the Divine Reflection Realm, and his foundation was far less stable than the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, but by relying on a secret method to stimulate the Evil Qi in his body, his strength could actually increase dramatically.
Luo Zheng didn't know how many creatures this blood prisoner had killed. Killing him would give him a lot of killing intent. At this moment, Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk nonsense with him. His body suddenly moved, twisting in a strange footwork. The flowing light sword in his hand flicked slightly, and a slash was made.
"Die!" The sharp Flowing Light Sword chopped out a bright silver Swordlight, and went straight to the blood prisoner.
"It's useless." The blood prisoner waved his hand, and from his arm, a layer of blood-red crystals condensed. The blood-red crystals were like pieces of blood-red jade, and formed a thick armor on his arm. Each of the blood-red crystals contained a strong Evil Qi.
"Pi pi pa pa pa pa …"
Luo Zheng's Swordlight shattered many crystals, but in the end, it was blocked.
The blood prisoner sneered, "Your strength really surprised me, but you're destined to become my food!"
"Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! "Six blood-red bone spurs burst out from the blood prisoner's body. Each of the six bone spurs was dozens of feet long, like the legs of a spider, and instantly surrounded Luo Zheng.
"Become a part of my flesh and blood!" The blood prisoner laughed wildly, and the six bone spurs stabbed at Luo Zheng!
At this moment, a beautiful girl quietly floated not far away, and said lightly, "Brother, do you need help?"
Hearing the girl's words, the blood prisoner discovered her existence.
When did this girl come? Has she been here all this time? Why didn't I discover her existence?
This girl's cultivation is at the Divine Reflection Realm?
She called Luo Zheng brother? Among the Luo family's disciples, there was actually a girl at the Divine Reflection Realm?
From the blood prisoner's point of view, although Luo Zheng's strength surprised him, he was still a Xiantian lifeform. The blood prisoner couldn't possibly lose to him. Even if he couldn't beat him, he could still fly! Luo Zheng was a Xiantian lifeform, so it was impossible for him to catch up with him. Therefore, the blood prisoner had a strong psychological advantage against Luo Zheng.
But if Luo Zheng had a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse by his side, it would be a different story! This girl's cultivation could only be higher than his! If the blood prisoner encountered her, he had no confidence in winning.
"I don't need your help. I'll end this fight," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
What did this mean? The blood prisoner couldn't react at all. He wanted to end this fight without the girl's help? From Luo Zheng's tone, it seemed that he could finish him off at any time? Wasn't this guy too naive …
The blood prisoner didn't have time to think before he saw a silver light flickering in Luo Zheng's hand, shooting straight at his face.
That silver light was the broken flying dagger!
The broken flying dagger was extremely fast, almost arriving in a flash. The blood prisoner wanted to dodge, but then he felt a great pain in his mind, which almost made him stop thinking.
"Pop!"
The broken flying dagger easily flashed past the blood prisoner's neck and cut it off. A large amount of blood gushed out from his broken neck.
The blood prisoner's head rolled to one side, and the faint red light in his eyes dimmed. "So it's me. I'm too naive …"
Looking at the blood prisoner's slowly falling body, Luo Zheng shook his head. In terms of pure fighting strength, the blood prisoner who had transformed into a Blood Demon was indeed very strong. At least he could defeat Zhou Dan, and even have the strength to fight with Wang Yun. But that was in the case of a head-on fight.
Unfortunately, this kind of warrior who was born in Jianghu had too few resources, and his soul had never been tempered. He had no way to resist Luo Zheng's Frightening Soul Stab.
If Luo Zheng didn't want to end this battle quickly, he could have used the Frightening Soul Stab to stir the blood prisoner's brain into a paste and turn him into an idiot.
In contrast, the warriors born in the Blue Cloud Sect either had very strong souls or had special methods to protect their souls.
When the blood prisoner was completely dead, wisps of Evil Spirit emerged from his body. Generally speaking, Evil Spirit had no color. Only when it was concentrated to a certain extent would it show a light red color. Only when a large amount of Evil Spirit condensed would it show a bright red color.
However, this blood prisoner's Evil Spirit was actually crimson!
"So much Evil Spirit. How many creatures has this guy killed?" Luo Zheng thought faintly.
The wisps of Evil Spirit constantly entered Luo Zheng's body and gathered in Luo Zheng's body. In contrast, the Evil Spirit obtained from the people Luo Zheng had just killed was not worth mentioning.
After about ten breaths of time, the Evil Spirit in the blood prisoner's body finally gathered in Luo Zheng's body and finally turned into three crimson blood-colored crystals.
"Three blood-colored crystals. Are these three portions of Evil Spirit?" Luo Zheng could feel that these three blood-colored crystals were also a special kind of energy. This energy was formed by the curses of thousands of creatures before they died. It could be imagined that the curses of the creatures before they died were not good things.
However, everything had its pros and cons. Although the Evil Spirit would backfire on the user, if the Evil Spirit was used, its power would be surprisingly great. For example, the blood prisoner's foundation was far inferior to Zhou Dan's, but the strength he erupted with was stronger than Zhou Dan's. This was because he relied on the Evil Spirit to display such strength.
"These three portions of Evil Spirit lurking in my body are harmful to me. Fortunately, I have established a connection with the Killing Swords Mountain and can store the Evil Spirit in the Killing Swords Mountain." Luo Zheng's mind moved and the three portions of Evil Spirit disappeared in an instant. Luo Zheng felt a surge of energy from somewhere in his body …
Storing the Evil Spirit in the Killing Swords Mountain turned out to be so simple. I wonder how much Evil Spirit can I store in the Killing Swords Mountain?
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, not far away, a figure was fleeing rapidly. It was Luo Junyi who was following behind the blood prisoner!
How could Luo Junyi have thought that Luo Zheng could kill the blood prisoner so easily?!
That was the blood prisoner who was jointly hunted down by the government and the Blue Cloud Sect! The blood prisoner's strength was almost invincible in these counties. Even if the government and the Blue Cloud Sect sent many experts to encircle and suppress the blood prisoner, he still managed to escape.
Now, his neck had been cut off by Luo Zheng in an instant …
Luo Junyi only felt a chill on his back. Now, he could not think of anything except running away.

Chapter 321
Luo Junyi's face was ashen. In Luo Junyi's eyes, this girl who was as beautiful as a lotus flower was as terrifying as a demon.
"Luo Yan, let Third Uncle go!" Luo Junyi knew that he couldn't escape from Luo Yan's hands, so he turned around and begged.
"Do you think it's possible?" Luo Yan's eyes were cold. Although she was still a little girl, her father's death was a big blow to her, so Luo Junyi's pleading was useless.
"The mastermind behind your father's murder was Luo Bingquan! I, I couldn't get involved … "Luo Junyi began to explain.
Luo Yan nodded, "With your strength, it's impossible for you to murder my father, but I have to find out the truth, so you can't go."
Luo Junyi suddenly choked. His eyes flickered, and he continued, "Since you won't let me go, then … go die!"
Luo Junyi was the most handsome man in the Luo Family. He usually paid great attention to maintaining his appearance. Even at forty years old, he still looked like a crown jade. However, at this moment, his face revealed a ferocious expression, and three metal boxes with a metallic luster appeared in his hands.
"Thousand Deity Thunder Halberd!"
When Luo Zheng and Luo Junyi's eldest son, Luo Chengyun, fought to the death, Luo Chengyun used the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd to plot against Luo Zheng. Now, his father was using the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd, which was ten times more powerful than the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd!
The Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd was the secret treasure of the Luo Family. It was also a hidden weapon obtained by the Luo Family's ancestor by chance. There were only three of them in total. The Luo Family only took them out when they had no other choice. They hadn't used any of them in hundreds of years.
The Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd was a replica of the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd. The replica was already very powerful, so one could imagine the power of the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd.
"Pa, pa, pa!"
Three dragon-like lightning bolts quickly condensed into three lightning halberds, and suddenly struck into Luo Yan's body. As soon as the lightning entered her body, Luo Junyi fiercely stared at Luo Yan, but in his heart, he was shouting, "Three lightning halberds, I want you to explode and die!" Explode for me!
The air was filled with a burnt smell. Luo Junyi stared at Luo Yan. At this moment, the three lightning bolts were wreaking havoc in her body. Her body was about to explode!
But after waiting for a long time, until the burnt smell of the lightning dissipated, Luo Yan looked as if nothing had happened …
This …
Luo Junyi had imagined several possible outcomes for Luo Yan. She could be split into two halves by the Pantheon Thunder Halberd. She could explode and die. She could also be blocked by Luo Yan. However, he never thought that this would happen.
Luo Junyi was tongue-tied. He wanted to say something, but he felt that he had nothing to say.
"Third Uncle, please go to the Drill Hall." Luo Yan made an inviting gesture.
All the disciples of the Luo Family had gathered in the Martial Arts Hall.
Although the Luo Family was on the decline, with their properties being invaded and divided by other families, and the family's income dwindling, the Luo Family's descendants were still thriving.
Seven to eight hundred disciples of the Luo Family had gathered in the large Martial Arts Hall.
All of the Luo Clan's disciples cast their gazes on the platform at the end of the Martial Arts Hall. Luo Bingquan, who used to make people tremble with just a glance, was now lying on the platform on the verge of death, while Luo Junyi was curled up at the side, trembling incessantly.
Everyone knew that today was the most important day for the Luo Family!
In fact, many of the disciples of the Luo Family were still immersed in a dream. Although they had been fantasizing that one day they would be able to push Luo Bingquan down from the position of Family Head, no one had thought that this day would come so quickly, so violently, and so irresistibly!
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped into the Luo Family's door, he destroyed everything that they had never dared to imagine.
From today onwards, the Luo Family would have to change. What made the disciples of the Luo Family even more happy was the strength of Luo Zheng and Luo Yan!
With their strength, no one in Chongyang County could be their match. Moreover, with their current status, they would definitely lead the Luo Family to prosperity, and the disciples of the Luo Family would definitely benefit from it.
At this time, two servants supported the trembling Luo Jin and slowly moved him up the platform.
Although Luo Zheng had crippled Luo Bingquan, and was also the expected candidate for Family Head, Luo Zheng was not suitable to control the situation at this time. Luo Zheng needed a respectable elder to announce everything.
Luo Zheng had strength, but he was still a junior in the family.
Although the Luo Family was an insignificant family in the Fengwang Dynasty, it was still a small family. Many things in the family did not only depend on strength, but also a person's prestige and seniority.
If Luo Zheng took the position of Family Head purely based on his own strength, then what was the difference between him and Luo Bingquan?
After getting up the platform, Luo Jin took two deep breaths. At his age, no matter what happened, it would be difficult for him to be excited. However, at this moment, his pair of dim old eyes were shining with excitement. After resting, Luo Jin said in a hoarse voice, "Luo Zheng is the son of Luo Xiao, the eldest son of the eldest branch. It is natural for him to take the position of Family Head. But it is a pity that Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi are worse than beasts. They actually murdered our Family Head, Luo Xiao, and urged him to take the position of Family Head. Luo Zheng only took back what he lost. He is now our Family Head … What do you think, disciples of the Luo Family?"
"Luo Zheng should be our Family Head! There is no doubt about it! "
"Luo Bingquan is a bastard. He has gone against the law, and caused many of our disciples to be miserable! Luo Zheng is what everyone wants! "
"I support Luo Zheng to be our Family Head!"
At this moment, how could the disciples of the Luo Family have any other objections?
In the eyes of many people with foresight, Luo Zheng's strength was already beyond the scope of Chongyang County. A person like him wouldn't care about the Luo Family's property at all. The value of some of the Luo Family's heirlooms was nothing to Luo Zheng. He didn't care about them at all.
Therefore, the actual situation was that the Luo Family needed to curry favor with Luo Zheng to be the Family Head!
How could Luo Jin not think of this when many people could think of it? Luo Jin had lived for so many years. Although he was already half a step into the grave, as the saying goes, "Old people are wise." Luo Jin knew that as long as Luo Zheng was willing to take the position of Family Head, the Luo Family would have a meteoric rise!
"Ahem," Luo Jin coughed, "In this case, I announce that Luo Zheng is officially the Family Head of the Luo Family!
After Luo Jin finished speaking, Luo Zheng walked up to the stage. He didn't promise to lead the Luo Family to glory, nor did he describe the Luo Family's great development plan. He only said one sentence.
"The other families in Chongyang County took away our property. I will make them pay back double!"
"Wow …"
With just one sentence, the entire Drill Hall was already boiling with excitement.
The disciples of the Luo Family didn't only feel humiliated within the family, but also outside the family. However, they could only choose to endure it. Because the Luo Family didn't have the strength, they could only be bullied with their tail between their legs.
But now, the disciples of the Luo Family understood that they didn't need to endure it anymore. They needed to make the other families in Chongyang County pay the price!
After the boiling voices died down, Luo Zheng looked at Luo Bingquan at his feet and said indifferently, "Second Uncle, how did my father die?"
"Hehe …" Luo Bingquan, who was lying on the ground, didn't move. He had a mocking expression on his face as he said, "If you say it was me, then it was me. Why do you have to ask?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "You can't. You weren't strong enough to kill my father. At that time, my father was already in the Innate Realm. There must be someone else."
"Do you think I will tell you?" Luo Bingquan sneered, "Unless you promise me in front of everyone in the Luo Family that you won't kill me, then I will consider telling you!"
Hearing Luo Bingquan's words, Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Hmph, I am already a dead man. I will die whether I tell you or not. Do you think I am that stupid?" Luo Bingquan sneered.
Luo Zheng looked at Luo Junyi expressionlessly. Who knew that Luo Bingquan would warn him, "Third Brother, if you tell him, he will kill you immediately. Don't tell him even if you die!"
Under Luo Bingquan's warning, Luo Junyi also closed his mouth tightly. It seemed like he didn't want to tell him.
Seeing the two of them like this, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Hehe, do you think that I can't force you to tell me if you don't want to?"
As soon as he finished speaking, a translucent spike suddenly shot out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows towards Luo Bingquan!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 322
For Luo Zheng, the 《God Frightening Thorn》 had two uses.
The first was for a sneak attack. It was exceptionally effective against warriors whose souls weren't strong enough or whose soul defense wasn't strong enough. A moment of absent-mindedness in battle meant defeat, death.
The second use was for punishment! The feeling of having one's soul pierced through, that type of pain couldn't be described with words at all. In short, it was definitely ten times greater than physical pain! If one's body endured too much pain, the brain would enter shock, fainting. However, the soul wouldn't!
Xiu!
The soul thorn silently entered Luo Bingquan's brain, immediately making him release a muffled groan, an unbearable pain appearing on his face. However, Luo Bingquan still realized that if he spoke of this secret, he might immediately die. He had a grudge against Luo Zheng for killing his father!
This type of great grudge couldn't be dissolved at all.
That was why Luo Bingquan forcefully endured the pain, tightly closing his mouth. Because the pain was unbearable, beads of sweat trickled down from his forehead one after another.
"Have you tasted this type of pain?" Luo Zheng said coldly.
Luo Bingquan clenched his teeth, still not saying anything.
"It doesn't matter if you don't speak." Luo Zheng's eyes landed on Luo Junyi's body again.
When Luo Junyi saw Luo Bingquan's painful appearance, he had long been scared to the point where he began to shiver. His endurance was far from as great as Luo Bingquan's. Before Luo Zheng spoke, he immediately said, "I'll speak, I'll speak, it's Qi Family! It's Qi Family's Family Master Qi Shan, it was him who personally killed Luo Xiao! Luo Zheng, don't kill me, I only … "
When he heard Luo Junyi's words, Luo Bingquan inwardly sighed. This idiot had always been unreliable.
Only now did Luo Zheng nod. "Very good!"
Cold light flickered from his hand, directly rushing at Luo Junyi. Luo Junyi's face was deathly pale, his entire body shaking. However, when that sword tip reached an inch from his forehead, it immediately changed directions, instead heading straight for Luo Bingquan!
"Pu!"
Luo Bingquan's head fell to the ground.
Luo Zheng had previously said that he wouldn't kill Luo Family's people. After all, these people were his blood relatives! That was why Luo Zheng only crippled Luo Peiran in Purgatory Mountain, he didn't kill him.
But today, Luo Zheng had no choice but to kill Luo Bingquan. First of all, Luo Bingquan was his father's murderer, and also the mastermind. Secondly, the Luo Family's juniors had a deep grudge against Luo Bingquan. If he didn't kill Luo Bingquan today, it would be hard to convince the masses. Moreover, many of the Luo Family's juniors would have a taboo in their hearts. What if Luo Bingquan made a comeback one day? They would all be punished.
Therefore, Luo Bingquan had no choice but to die.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, many people were relieved to see Luo Bingquan dead.
Wisps of killing intent escaped from Luo Bingquan's body. Although Luo Zheng knew that Luo Bingquan had taken the blood prisoner as his master and practiced the "Blood Evil Force", he didn't expect that Luo Bingquan's body would have so much killing intent. It seemed that Luo Bingquan had killed a lot of people during this period of time in order to cultivate.
Finally, the infernal energy that escaped from Luo Bingquan's body condensed into a blood red crystal!
Four blood red crystals now … …
Luo Zheng calculated in his mind. As the infernal energy accumulated, he must practice a Cultivation Method that could release the infernal energy. But right now, Luo Zheng still had to clean up the Luo Family's affairs.
"Luo Bingquan has been executed. Luo Junyi was the second mastermind. His crime doesn't warrant death. I'll leave him to you! Tomorrow, I'll pay my respects to my ancestors' graves! " After saying that, Luo Zheng handed over the Martial Arts Hall's affairs to his Third Uncle, Fourth Uncle, and several other elders. He believed that they could handle it better than he could.
Hearing Luo Zheng's sentence, Luo Junyi's pale face recovered a bit of color. He thought that he was going to die. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to spare his life. Looking at Luo Zheng's back, his eyes were full of awe.
"Jade Dragon Court" was the place where the Luo Family's main branch was located.
Since Luo Xiao's death and the main branch's decline, Jade Dragon Court had been sealed up and became a forbidden area of the Luo Family.
Occasionally, people from the Luo Family would pass by Jade Dragon Court, but they would only take a quick glance. Very few people would set foot inside.
Due to the lack of maintenance, weeds as tall as a person had grown in many places in Jade Dragon Court. The courtyard walls were also covered in dust.
Today, dozens of servants from the Luo Family swarmed in. They cleaned the ground, pulled out the weeds, and trimmed the bonsai. They were busy in full swing. In just half a day, the entire Jade Dragon Court looked brand new!
When Luo Zheng and Luo Yan finished their meal and returned to Jade Dragon Court, their eyes lit up.
It wasn't Luo Zheng's order to clean Jade Dragon Court, but the Luo Family didn't lack such people.
As soon as Luo Yan entered Jade Dragon Court, she cheerfully walked toward a swing in the corner. That was the swing that Luo Yan often sat on when she was young. However, after all these years, the original ropes on the swing had rotted away. This swing was replaced with two new ropes.
After sitting on it, Luo Yan swung down on the swing, allowing her two slender legs to slowly swing in the air. Looking at Luo Yan's heartfelt smile, this was probably the happiest moment she had seen Luo Yan after meeting Luo Zheng …
In the end, Luo Yan was just a little girl. Due to her special constitution and outstanding talent, her weak shoulders shouldered too many things that shouldn't be shouldered by her.
Even now, she still hadn't gotten rid of those things.
Although Shi Jingtian promised Luo Yan to go home, he also warned Luo Zheng not to think about escaping with Luo Yan.
Because that person had already left a trace on Luo Yan's body. Even if Luo Yan escaped to the ends of the earth, that person would definitely be able to find her. If he escaped with Luo Yan, it would only make things worse.
In fact, Luo Zheng originally wanted to escape with Luo Yan into the Immortal Mansion.
That Immortal Mansion was an existence that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. However, Luo Zheng was only the temporary owner of that Immortal Mansion. There were many things inside that Luo Zheng couldn't use. It was hard to guarantee Luo Yan's safety.
Luo Yan swayed back and forth on the swing. The golden rays of the setting sun fell on her body, making her look like a beautiful painting that couldn't be fixed.
Looking at his sister's cheerful smile, Luo Zheng clenched his fists. He secretly swore in his heart that even if he had to risk his life, he would definitely protect her!
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that everything was destined. Everything was destined to be an ordeal to embark on a journey. And Luo Yan was the lamp that guided Luo Zheng forward.
Early the next morning, the elders of the clan followed Luo Zheng up the mountain. There was a small hill in the backyard of the Luo Family. This was also a blessed land.
Tombstones stood there quietly. This was the Luo Family's graveyard. The ancestors of the Luo Family were sleeping here.
Worship the mountain, worship the ancestors …
As the new head of the Luo Family, this procedure must be followed.
Three bamboo incense sticks were lit and gently held in Luo Zheng's hand. He bowed three times in front of his father's grave, lit the incense, and worshipped the ancestors. After leaving the Luo Family's graveyard, Luo Zheng's eyes gradually revealed a cold killing intent. Some people in Chongyang County must die!
At the same time, in Chongyang County, in a room on the highest floor of the New Moon Restaurant, five to six people were sitting around a table. They seemed to be discussing something extremely important!
These five people were the heads of the top five clans in Chongyang County!
Huang, Qi, He, Zhang, and Chen. Currently, all the mines, shops, and gambling houses in Chongyang County were controlled by them!
The Luo Family used to be ranked first. However, due to the Luo Family's decline, they slowly fell from first to sixth. The Luo Family's business was swallowed up by these five clans. The Luo Family had become a dispensable small character.
"Luo Zheng must die! My son, Huang Xing, was killed by him. Does he really think that he can do whatever he wants just because he has the backing of the Blue Cloud Sect? " The person sitting at the head of the round table was seething with anger. He was the head of the Huang Family, Huang Chen, who was also Huang Xing's father.
Huang Chen had many children, but Huang Xing was his eldest son and also his most talented son. Originally, he wanted to nurture this son with all his might. However, he did not expect that the natural born Luo Zheng would return to the Luo Family. Huang Xing was mysteriously involved in the Luo Family's dispute and was killed by Luo Zheng. How could Huang Chen tolerate this?
"I also think that Luo Zheng must die. However, how do we deal with him? I heard that the Blood Prisoners wanted by the government all died at the hands of Luo Zheng. Huang Chen, you should know the strength of that Blood Prisoner, right? "Qiu Shan said with a melancholy expression.
The person who was most afraid of this moment was actually Qiu Shan!
Although the other clan heads were also afraid of Luo Zheng, the most they could do was to spit out the Luo Family's business. As for Huang Chen, he could also choose to endure the pain of losing his son and swallow this anger! However, Qiu Shan was the one who killed Luo Xiao! Now that Luo Bingquan was executed, Luo Junyi was afraid that he would reveal himself.

Chapter 323
"You want us to spit out the Luo family's assets? Dream on! "The head of the Chen family coldly scolded.
The resources of Chongyang County were limited, and if they had more, then they would have less. Therefore, everyone was haggling over every penny and refused to give in!
Therefore, when Qiu Shan had colluded to kill Luo Xiao, he had naturally obtained a lot of Luo family's assets! He had used this opportunity to become the second largest family in Chongyang County, second only to the Huang family!
However, the Chen family, He family, and Zhang family had also obtained a lot of benefits, and at this moment, they naturally did not want to spit out these benefits. Every family had large assets, and many people had followed these family heads to eat meat and drink soup. If they returned the Luo family's assets, it would be the same as cutting off their flesh.
Qiu Shan actually wanted to return it, but he was very clear that even if he returned it, Luo Zheng would not let him go. At this time, he naturally encouraged the other families to fight against Luo Zheng. "Yes, the Luo family's strength is not enough, so naturally, the Luo family's assets will be swallowed by us! Now, it is indeed unrealistic for him to take back all these assets by himself! But how do we deal with Luo Zheng? "
"He defeated the blood prisoner, perhaps he relied on luck? The blood prisoner was seriously injured, and perhaps his injuries were too severe, so his strength was only 10% or 20% of his original strength. Losing to Luo Zheng is not a strange thing, after all, he is only a Xiantian level expert, how can he be a match for so many of us? "The head of the He family analyzed.
They were indeed afraid of Luo Zheng's strength.
After the head of the He family said this, the other family heads began to analyze Luo Zheng's true strength, and their analysis was very clear and logical!
The final conclusion was that it was impossible for a Xiantian stage three master to defeat the blood prisoner, and the blood prisoner had escaped with serious injuries, so his strength was very likely to be only 10% of his original strength. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng was able to defeat the blood prisoner.
"Humph, in that case, I must take that little bastard's life!" Killing intent flashed in Huang Chen's eyes. Among the people present, he was the strongest, and he was also the most confident Family Head.
"With Patriarch Huang leading us, if we work together, that little bastard will definitely not be our match!" Qiu Shan immediately said from behind.
"That's right, the Luo Clan must be suppressed. That little fellow has such achievements at such a young age. If we ignore him, when he grows up in the future, our clans …" The head of the He Clan was speaking when suddenly, laughter came from outside the house.
The New Moon Pavilion was the property of the Huang family. Before the gathering, Huang Chen had already warned the servants of the New Moon Pavilion not to let anyone in. At this moment, there was actually someone laughing outside. Huang Chen frowned and shouted, "Who is it?"
"Interesting, interesting. It's really better to come at the right time than to come at the right time. I was going to look for you guys one by one, but I didn't expect you guys to have already gathered together. It saves me the trouble of running from house to house!"
"Crack!"
As soon as the voice fell, a neat big hole appeared in the window, and a figure came in through the hole. This person had sword-like eyebrows and bright eyes, and was very handsome. It was Luo Zheng!
Seeing that Luo Zheng actually dared to come here directly, Qiu Shan's eyes jumped. He had a premonition that something big was going to happen today.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, how could the other Clan Heads not understand this brat's identity?
"Luo Zheng, I didn't go look for you, but you actually dared to come here personally!" Huang Chen glared at Luo Zheng. He wanted nothing more than to skin Luo Zheng alive!
Luo Zheng indifferently looked at Huang Chen, then his gaze swept past the Clan Heads and said, "Today, I'm here to negotiate something. However, if you want to kill someone, I will also kill. I will only kill one person." After saying this, Luo Zheng's gaze landed on Qiu Shan who was not far away.
Qiu Shan's heart jumped and he took two steps back. It wasn't that he was a coward, but that the killing intent in Luo Zheng's eyes was too strong.
"Negotiate? You jumped in through the window, is this your sincerity in negotiating? "The head of the Chen Clan asked.
"That's fine! I, Luo Zheng, will first apologize to the Clan Heads! Can I sit down on this stool? " As Luo Zheng spoke, he minded his own business and sat in front of the table. He even made a "please" gesture to the Clan Heads.
The Clan Heads were instantly speechless. Wasn't this brat too calm?
However, the few Clan Heads really bought into the idea of using diplomacy before resorting to force. They really sat down.
Luo Zheng poured himself a cup of tea and lightly took a sip. He said, "I came here today to do two things. Let me first say the first thing. You are one of the top five clans in Chong Yang County. More or less, you've divided a lot of my Luo Clan's property …"
"So what if I did? Do you expect me to return it to your Luo Clan? "The head of the He Clan sneered.
Luo Zheng lightly smiled. His smile was very casual. He stretched out two fingers, "Double. The Luo Clan's property that you've swallowed in the past will be returned in double, and this matter will be settled!"
"Hahaha," The head of the He Clan laughed loudly, "Are you dreaming? You want me to return it to your Luo Clan intact? This is already impossible, and you still want double? Little brat, are you still dreaming? "
The Clan Heads also laughed. Everyone also felt that Luo Zheng didn't seem to be that scary. Killing the blood prisoner didn't seem like a big deal to them. Maybe the blood prisoner was already dying, and he was just adding a stab to the wound?
"I'll only give you one chance. If you don't agree, I'll raise the price later, triple it," Luo Zheng said seriously in the face of the Clan Heads' laughter. It didn't seem like he was joking at all.
"Luo Zheng, who do you think you are? Don't say that you don't want the Luo Clan's property from me. My son died in your hands. Since you're here today, don't even think about leaving! " Huang Chen slammed the table, and a broadsword appeared in his hand. He waved the broadsword, and a blazing aura bloomed from the broadsword. He slashed it towards Luo Zheng.
As soon as Huang Chen moved, Qiu Shan moved as well. Qiu Shan's weapon was a concealed weapon that was half a flute and half a dagger. Qiu Shan's mind was very sharp. He had a premonition that Luo Zheng wasn't ordinary. Otherwise, how would he dare to break in at this time? Therefore, as soon as Huang Chen moved, Qiu Shan wanted to join forces with Huang Chen to kill Luo Zheng in an instant!
As long as Luo Zheng died, everything would be easy to talk about!
Unfortunately, the gap between their strength and Luo Zheng's was too big.
When Luo Zheng came out of the Immortal Mansion and just stepped into the Xiantian realm, he was already able to kill Xiantian eighth stage and ninth stage Xiantian nobles.
Whether it was in terms of foundation, resources, or weapons, these Clan Heads in front of him were far inferior to those nobles! Facing Luo Zheng, there was only one outcome, and that was to be killed in an instant!
A treasured sword suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. It was Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword.
The Flowing Light Longsword emitted two brilliant silver sword rays, which directly pierced through the table and slashed towards Huang Chen and Qiu Shan at a speed that was almost invisible to the naked eye.
"Pu pu!"
Two muffled sounds rang out, and before the other Clan Heads could react, they saw two right hands fall to the ground.
Huang Chen and Qiu Shan's right arms were cut off, and blood was constantly spurting out!
The blood spurted out for a while before it slowly stopped. Huang Chen and Qiu Shan's faces were filled with shock. The time when their arms were cut off was too short, and they did not feel the pain yet.
The Patriarchs of the He Family, Chen Family, and Zhang Family were all in disbelief.
Huang Chen and Qiu Shan were the two most powerful Clan Heads in Chong Yang County! But in just one move, Luo Zheng had crippled their right arms? And from the looks of it, Luo Zheng had been merciful. Otherwise, it would not have been their arms that were cut off, but their bodies!
The other three Clan Heads immediately felt that they were very lucky. Fortunately, they did not attack just now. If they had attacked together with Huang Chen and Qiu Shan, their arms would probably have fallen to the ground as well! The speed of this youngster's sword was too fast, and they could not see it clearly. How could they break a sword move that could not be seen clearly?
In fact, they did not understand. Even if Luo Zheng's sword move was slow, they still had no chance of breaking Luo Zheng's "Simplicity of Dao" basic sword move. Even the Blue Cloud Sect's head disciple, Li Yifeng, could not break it, so how could these Clan Heads of Chong Yang County break it?
"Huang Chen, I killed your son because he wanted to kill my Luo Clan's disciples in my Luo Clan's Martial Arts Hall! Huang Xing is very important in your eyes, but my Luo Clan's disciples are also important in my eyes. I killed Huang Xing because your son deserved to die! "Luo Zheng stared at Huang Chen and said.
At this moment, Huang Chen felt that he had become a joke, and he really did not dare to refute!
Strength was the best footnote for the right to speak. At this moment, Huang Chen understood that with his strength of Xiantian Fifth Stage, he could be called a tyrant in Chong Yang County, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, he was not worth mentioning at all!
Luo Zheng once again stretched out three fingers: "Now the price is going to increase by three times! Let me remind you Clan Heads, if you do not agree to the deal, then the price will increase by four times! "
Three times! This meant that they would not only have to spit out the properties of the Luo Clan, but they would also have to compensate the Luo Clan with twice the amount.

Chapter 324
So what if his demands were excessive?
After severing Huang Chen and Qiu Shan's hands with a single slash, the five Patriarchs present had no room to resist at all.
Not to mention Luo Zheng's demand for three times the amount, they had no choice even if it was thirty times the amount.
The Patriarchs suddenly felt that they were a little laughable. They were still analyzing Luo Zheng's strength and wanted the five of them to work together to fight against Luo Zheng.
In the end, Luo Zheng had barged in just like that and taken control of the situation with absolute strength!
At this moment, even Huang Chen who had a grudge against Luo Zheng for killing his son fell silent. Huang Chen was able to lead the Huang Clan to become the number one clan in Chongyang County, so he was a rather resourceful person. A figure like Luo Zheng wasn't someone he could go against.
No matter how many plans and strategies Huang Chen had, they were nothing but a joke before absolute strength. Luo Zheng only needed to crush everything in his path. Who in Chongyang County could stop him?
At this moment, everyone was silent because they were unwilling to accept this!
They had swallowed everything with great difficulty, yet they had to spit it out completely. Moreover, they had to return three times the amount. This was something that no Patriarch could accept.
Luo Zheng played with the exquisite teacup in his hand. The tea in the teacup slowly trembled because it was affected by an invisible aura.
If the tea could sense the aura, then the Patriarchs could naturally sense it as well.
The pressure Luo Zheng emitted was gradually increasing. Not only did this aura contain Luo Zheng's powerful soul energy, it even contained Yao Ye's baleful aura.
The paper-covered window on the door couldn't endure the pressure and started to crack bit by bit, emitting tiny cracking sounds.
The Patriarchs felt their throats dry up when they sensed the dense baleful aura within the aura. They couldn't sit still, and even their breathing became hurried.
"I'll give you ten more breaths of time. Otherwise, the price will increase by four times." Luo Zheng spoke indifferently. At this moment, the water in the teacup in his hand seemed to be boiling, and tiny droplets of water were constantly leaping out.
"I agree! The Zhang Clan is willing to return the Luo Clan's properties! Moreover, we'll give you three times the compensation! "The Zhang Clan Patriarch finally couldn't take it anymore.
"I agree as well. The He Clan is willing to compensate! Let's give up the mines and gambling dens! "The Patriarch of the He Family gritted his teeth and said.
In fact, these Patriarchs couldn't hold on any longer, but they were all holding on. As long as one person was the first to retreat, the rest wouldn't be able to hold on at all.
In the end, Huang Chen nodded and said, "The Huang family is willing to compensate the Luo family with their assets!"
"En, that's right." Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, but his gaze landed on Qiu Shan. Although Qiu Shan had agreed to compensate, but the matter between him and Luo Zheng was not over yet. Luo Zheng's gaze was like two knives, staring at Qiu Shan: "Qiu Shan, where's my father's Green Aura Wind Chasing Sword?"
Qiu Shan immediately felt his heart tremble. He had already lost an arm, and there was a sliver of hope in his heart. Maybe if he compensated the Luo Clan, Luo Zheng would let him go. It seemed like it was just his own wishful thinking.
The other Patriarchs also looked at Qiu Shan with pitiful eyes. That year, Qiu Shan and Luo Bingquan had plotted to kill Luo Xiao, and these Patriarchs had more or less heard of it.
"Luo, Luo Zheng, your father's sword, I can return it to you. But for that matter, can we just forget about it? Our Qi Family can compensate you five times, no, six times!" Qiu Shan stuttered as he realized that the shadow of death was closing in on him.
"Forget about it?" Luo Zheng's lips curled into a cold smile, "So my father's death can be forgotten so easily! As a Patriarch, you don't even blush when saying such words! I don't need the sword, and I don't need you to compensate for the Qi Family's assets. But, you must die! "
Even under Luo Zheng's pressure, Qiu Shan's legs felt as heavy as lead. But at this moment, he still chose to run.
Seeing Qiu Shan running away, Luo Zheng did not chase after him. But when Qiu Shan opened the door, he saw a young lady outside. That young lady had slender legs and a perfect face. She was so beautiful that it made people's hearts beat faster. But her eyes were filled with endless killing intent. What was even more terrifying was the sword in her hand.
That blood red sword seemed to have swallowed the blood of billions of living beings. It emitted a strange attractive force that seemed to be able to suck all the blood in his body clean.
"You, who are you …."
The young lady did not answer. Instead, she twisted her waist and her entire body turned into a Baleful Qi storm, twisting towards Qiu Shan.
This Baleful Qi storm could even destroy Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha. Qiu Shan was unable to block it at all. In an instant, he was torn into pieces, blood splattering everywhere! However, the young lady did not seem to have a body. Her snow white skin and strange clothes were not stained with blood.
Looking at the young lady at the door, the Family Heads were speechless. Their eyes were filled with fear. At this moment, Huang Chen even forgot to press on the wound on his broken arm. Blood was still flowing out.
This young lady seemed to be even more terrifying than Luo Zheng! But why have they not heard of her before? Is she Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan? She doesn't look like it. Although she was extremely beautiful, her pointy ears did not belong to a human. She should belong to a foreign race. Why would such a strong foreign race girl follow Luo Zheng ….
Seeing the reactions of the Family Heads, Luo Zheng was satisfied. Today, he did not only come to take back what the Luo Family lost, but more importantly, he came to establish his power!
He wanted to explore the wider world. He did not know when he would return. And Luo Yan did not have the opportunity to return to Chong Yang County.
Although the strength of these Family Heads was not strong, their ambition was not bad. If he left, they might have thoughts about the Luo Family. But the Luo Family lacked a pillar to deal with them.
Therefore, Luo Zheng chose to use a heavy hand to establish his power!
He wanted them to understand that he could destroy their family in an instant.
Now, it seemed that the effect was good. As long as they were not stupid, they should not dare to provoke the Luo Family.
In these few days, there was an endless stream of people visiting the Luo Family.
First, the Chong Yang County's government sent fifty people carrying all kinds of gold, silver and jewelry. Under the leadership of the Chong Yang County's Mayor, they personally came to express their gratitude. Those gold, silver and jewelry were the rewards for killing the blood prisoners. The government had already announced that anyone who reported the whereabouts of the blood prisoners would be heavily rewarded. What's more, Luo Zheng directly killed the blood prisoners?
As for the matter of Luo Bingquan hiding the blood prisoners, he should have been punished, but the Chong Yang County's Mayor chose to forget about it. The Mayor could not wait to curry favor with Luo Zheng. How could he dare to ask about the Luo Family's crime?
In addition, the deeds of the five big families in Chong Yang County, the deeds of the houses, mines, gambling houses, and markets were sent to the Luo Family like snowflakes. Any one of these deeds was enough to turn an ordinary person into a rich man. But now, they were piled up like a small mountain …
The faces of the Luo Family's disciples were all changed. Everyone was beaming with joy. Who would have thought that the whole Luo Family would have such a great change in just a few days after Luo Zheng came back? Not to mention Luo Bingquan, Luo Xiao could not do this. No one in the Luo Family's generations could do this!
Three days later, early in the morning, the servant got up early. He waved the broom in his hand and began to sweep the gate of the Luo Family.
In these few days, there were too many people visiting the Luo Family. The servant had to clean inside and out every day to keep it clean and tidy. He did not want people to look down on the Luo Family.
Repeatedly sweeping the ground in front of the gate, the servant did not feel tired at all. Instead, he felt that he had an inexhaustible amount of energy.
After working hard for the Luo Family for decades, the servant was happy to see the Luo Family turn over a new leaf overnight. Moreover, the new Head Steward increased the wages of all the servants by three times! How could he not be happy?
It was all because of that brat …
The servant waved the broom meticulously. Even the smallest dregs were swept clean by him.
At this moment, a young man walked out of the gate of the Luo Family. Behind him was a young girl.
The young man's eyes were like stars. He nodded at the servant and said "Good morning". The young girl behind him smiled at the servant. This smile instantly made the servant dazed.
It was only when the two disappeared around the corner that the servant realized that he had forgotten to greet the young man …
The Patriarch of the Luo Family left just like that?
The matters in Chong Yang County had been settled. Even if Luo Zheng was not around, the Luo Family could still develop easily. Strictly speaking, other than the fact that the Luo Family's disciples were slightly weaker, the entire family was already the number one family in Chong Yang County.
Because of the compensation from the Five Great Families, the Luo Family now owned almost sixty percent of the businesses in Chong Yang County!
There was no point for Luo Zheng to stay here. More importantly, he had more important things to do.
Luo Zheng did not forget that Su Lingyun had not appeared until the end of the Peak Wide Competition.
The matter of the Burning Heaven Imperial Dynasty's power struggle had already caused an uproar. In the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, other than the Blue Cloud Sect, who maintained an indifferent appearance, the Imperial Capital was already filled with killing intent. The seven major aristocratic families, as well as many small aristocratic families, each chose the prince they supported, hoping that after the prince ascended the throne in the future, their families would be able to obtain great benefits.
Su Lingyun was the eldest daughter that Su Qian doted on the most. As the Princess of Changkong, she was destined to be involved in this whirlpool.
Political struggles were often matters of life and death. Therefore, Luo Zheng was very worried about that dignified and noble princess. Was she alright?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 325
Along with the crisp sound of a bell, the gates of the Burning Heaven Palace did not close.
As the Imperial Palace of the Burning Heaven Dynasty, the gates of the Imperial Palace would be closed at five in the morning and no one could enter or leave the Imperial Palace.
But these days, the closing time of the Imperial Palace was often delayed to five in the morning or even seven in the morning!
It was said that the Crown Prince was very angry about this matter and had issued an imperial edict stating that the gates of the Imperial Palace must be closed at five in the morning.
However, the Crown Prince who had lost his power was like a tiger without claws and fangs. Even this seemingly small request was difficult to satisfy. As usual, the palace gates were closed very late. Many people with sensitive identities, such as the heads of various noble families and generals with military power, came in and out of the palace. They treated the palace gates as the city gates …
Many people could see from the closing time of the Imperial Palace that the Crown Prince's current position was in imminent danger and it was only a matter of time before he was abolished.
Now, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince were ready to make a move, or it could be said that they had already made a move, but they were afraid of each other's strength, so they had allowed the Crown Prince to sit on the throne for the time being. But once the battle between the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince was decided, the fate of the Crown Prince could be imagined.
These days, the Third Prince's Star Feather Palace Hall and the Seventh Prince's Flame Moon Temple often held banquets and invited guests from all over the world. In fact, each of them was trying to draw in their own forces and this was also the reason why the gates of the Burning Heaven Palace were closed so late.
Luo Zheng had only inquired about the general situation of the Burning Heaven Palace, but there were many things that he could not see clearly. Now, the most important thing was that Luo Zheng wanted to see Su Lingyun. Who was the Emperor of the Burning Heaven Dynasty? Whether the Crown Prince was abolished or not, Luo Zheng did not care.
Luo Zheng arrived at the gate of the Imperial Palace and just as he was about to step in, several imperial guards stopped him.
"Stop, this is the Imperial Palace's Forbidden Courtyard. If you want to enter, you must pass a message. Who are you? Please show me your name card and who are you looking for?" An instructor of the imperial guards asked.
The people who dared to enter the Imperial Palace were all representatives of their respective forces, and ordinary people simply didn't have the courage to stand here, so although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian third stage, the performance of the instructor was very polite.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands across his chest and said: "I want to meet Her Highness Princess Changkong! I don't have a name card, I only have a disciple card of Blue Cloud Sect! "
"Luo Zheng?" The Forbidden Army instructor glanced at the disciple token. Although the Blue Cloud Sect was a holy land for martial arts, ordinary outer sect disciples and even inner sect disciples were not qualified to enter the Burning Sky Palace. However, Luo Zheng was different.
As the champion of the Blue Cloud Sect's competition, Luo Zheng's fame had spread not only in the Blue Cloud Sect, but also among the gentry clans and commoners.
This Imperial Army instructor was someone the Third Prince had placed in the Imperial Army. The instructor knew that the Third Prince was in need of people.
The Blue Cloud Sect was the biggest power in the Blazing Sky Dynasty. It could even be said that as long as the Blue Cloud Sect interfered, Shi Jingtian would be able to appoint whoever he wanted as the Emperor.
However, the Blue Cloud Sect did not participate in this political struggle. Whether it was the Sect Master, Elders, or Enlightened Masters, they were all very secretive about this political struggle and were not willing to get involved.
Therefore, even if the Third Prince racked his brains, he still could not get the support of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, the good news was that the Seventh Prince also could not get the support of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Since he could not rope in the elders of the Blue Cloud Sect, he would not let go of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect either. After the competition ended, the Third Prince had already sent out invitations according to the name list. The invitations to the top 100 of the Green Cloud Ranking were basically sent out.
As the champion of the Green Cloud Ranking, Luo Zheng was naturally invited. Moreover, he was the most important person. After all, there were many gentry clans in the top 100 of the Green Cloud Ranking. For example, Pei Tianyao was from Wei River's Pei Clan. Since the Pei Clan had chosen to support the Seventh Prince, Pei Tianyao naturally did not have the possibility to rope them in.
However, Luo Zheng was a grassroots disciple. He did not have any gentry clans behind him. Moreover, he was the champion of the Green Cloud Ranking Competition. With such strength, his future prospects were limitless. Of course, he was the focus of the Third Prince to rope in.
Unfortunately, after the Green Cloud Ranking Competition, Luo Zheng seemed to have left the Blue Cloud Sect. The Third Prince personally sent people to invite Luo Zheng, but they could not find him.
At this moment, when the Imperial Army instructor heard the two words "Luo Zheng", his heart skipped a beat. If he brought Luo Zheng to the Third Prince, wouldn't it be a great merit? Therefore, the Imperial Army instructor's expression became even more courteous and courteous. In his eyes, Luo Zheng had become a great "merit".
"Oh, so it's Young Master Luo Zheng! This way please, this way please! "The Imperial Army instructor smiled.
Seeing the Imperial Army instructor suddenly become so courteous, Luo Zheng's face revealed a baffled expression.
However, he did not know that the Imperial Army not only had the Third Prince's men, there were also the Seventh Prince's men. If the Seventh Prince's men discovered Luo Zheng, it was likely that a dispute would be unavoidable. During this period of time, the two princes had been fighting over their own forces. This kind of thing had happened more than once or twice.
Although Luo Zheng did not know what the Imperial Army instructor was up to, he was unfamiliar with the Burning Heaven Palace. It was not bad to have someone to lead the way. Therefore, under the guidance of the Imperial Army instructor, he walked along the winding roads of the Imperial Palace.
After walking for a while, Luo Zheng saw the brilliant lights in front of him. Moreover, there were many voices. In addition, he also heard the sound of gongs and drums. It seemed that someone was singing an opera.
When he walked closer, Luo Zheng saw a signboard with the words "Feather Star Palace" written on it.
"This is Princess Changkong's residence?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
The Imperial Army instructor smiled and said, "Young Master Luo Zheng will know once you enter. If you want to see Her Highness, you may have to get the permission of the person inside."
Get the permission of the person inside? Who was that person?
Before Luo Zheng could speak, the Imperial Army instructor said to the people inside the Feather Star Palace, "Quickly go and announce that Luo Zheng of the Blue Cloud Sect has come to visit!"
Not long after, a group of people walked out of the Feather Star Palace. The person in the lead was wearing a purple gold jade crown and a yellow robe with python patterns. He hurriedly walked over. This person's every movement exuded a great majesty, as if he was born to be in a superior position. Even if his posture was very low, it still gave people the feeling that he was looking at them from a high place.
"So it's Brother Luo Zheng who has come to visit! Sorry for not coming out to meet you! Nice to meet you, nice to meet you! "The person laughed loudly.
"You are?" Luo Zheng frowned and revealed a displeased expression. He was here to look for Su Lingyun. Who the hell was this guy?
"I am the Third Prince, Su Rui! It just so happens that I have arranged a banquet today. Brother Luo Zheng, please come in! " Su Rui was very happy at this moment. He had invited Luo Zheng several times, but was unable to invite this great Buddha. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would actually come knocking on his door himself.
The Third Prince …
If it was an ordinary person, they would definitely kowtow three times and nine times when they saw a member of the Imperial Family.
However, martial artists wouldn't stick to this routine. It must be known that martial artists respected the strong. So what if an Emperor had a magnificent army? If one's strength wasn't enough, taking your head would be as easy as taking something out of one's pocket.
Just like the Sixth Prince, Su Long, who had participated in the Great Peak Competition. However, he was eliminated midway through the competition and didn't receive any preferential treatment because of Su Long's status as a prince.
Su Rui was so attentive that he probably wanted to rope him in. However, Luo Zheng didn't intend to participate in the political maelstrom of the Burning Heaven Palace. Therefore, he said at once, "Third Prince, I didn't come to the Burning Heaven Palace to visit you. I came to look for Her Highness, Princess Changkong."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Su Rui's expression froze slightly.
Meanwhile, the people around Su Rui started yelling.
"Our Third Prince invited you in because he thinks highly of you! Who cares who you're here to visit! "
"I've never seen such an arrogant person. Our Highness has condescended to welcome you, but you don't give him any face. Do you really think you're some big shot …"
Su Rui made a hand gesture and stopped the people behind him from speaking. The smile on his face grew even wider. "Her Highness is resting in her Little Ming Palace. If you want to see her, I can invite her over for you!"
Luo Zheng coldly sized up the people behind Su Rui. Most of them were Xiantian lifeforms, and there were two or three martial artists who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. Then, he said expressionlessly, "Alright, I'll wait for Her Highness here!"

Chapter 326
Today, the Third Prince had invited guests to his banquet, and all of them were influential figures.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped into the hall, he felt several powerful auras. The masters of these auras were obviously Divine Realm powerhouses.
"Quickly give brother Luo Zheng a seat!" After entering the hall, the Third Prince immediately ordered.
Immediately, six or seven maids leisurely walked over, and soon, a square table and a chair were placed in front of Luo Zheng. Fresh fruits and meat were placed on the table.
Since Su Rui had promised to bring Yun Luo here, Luo Zheng naturally sat down and waited. As for whether Su Rui really wanted to win him over, he would just have to deal with him carefully.
Who would have thought that Su Rui was even more anxious than he had imagined. As soon as he sat down, Su Rui returned to his seat, raised his wine glass and said with a smile: "Brother Luo Zheng, you won first place in the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Sect Competition. After learning of this, I have always wanted to pay you a visit, but you were not in the Blue Cloud Sect these past few days, so I didn't have the opportunity to meet you. Today, you have graced me with your presence, and I am deeply honored.
Let me toast you! "At this banquet, many guests showed an unconvinced look on their faces after hearing Su Rui's words. These people were not from the Blue Cloud Sect, but many of them were from noble families, and their strength was not weak. There were several Divine Realm powerhouses among them, but they had never been treated so politely by Su Rui!
Although the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Sect Competition had a great reputation, but these people did not grow up in the Blue Cloud Sect, so they didn't have a strong understanding of the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. So, in their eyes, Luo Zheng was just a little guy of Xiantian third stage.
The Third Prince was so polite because he wanted to show respect to the wise, but he didn't expect this brat to be so pretentious! What the hell!
Many people had the same thought.
Luo Zheng faintly stared at Su Rui and drank first. He hesitated for a moment. He couldn't embarrass Su Rui in front of so many people. Luo Zheng also raised his cup and drank. However, after drinking this cup, Luo Zheng felt that there were some things that he had to clarify. He immediately said, "Your Highness, I came here to look for Princess Changkong, not to visit you!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the faces of many guests at the banquet turned gloomy.
"What are you? It's the Third Prince's honor to give you a position in Feather Star Palace! "
"I've never seen such an arrogant person. Do you know where we are? Imperial Palace! Country bumpkin, you don't understand the situation, do you? "
"The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect don't look like much. They don't know the rules at all. What are they so proud of? Even the number one disciple is like this. I think the Blue Cloud Sect's reputation is undeserved! "
Luo Zheng's words were like poking a hornet's nest. Originally, everyone didn't like him. The Third Prince had already taken the initiative, but he actually said that he wasn't here to visit the Third Prince. Wasn't he looking for a scolding?
Hearing his guests' righteous indignation, Su Rui smiled slightly. He was a very shrewd person. In his opinion, the strong naturally had their own pride. Luo Zheng's performance was not unexpected.
"It's fine. Since you came to my Feather Star Palace, you're my guest," Su Rui said.
"Even if he's your guest, you can't be so rude!"
"Yes, if he really has the strength, then so be it. I'm afraid that he's just pretending to be strong on the outside but weak on the inside!"
While they were discussing, a young man in white stood up from a table. He cupped his hands and said to Su Rui, "Your Highness, since everyone is so interested, I'd like to compare notes with that Luo Zheng!"
"Yes, we've heard the opera and seen the beauty dance. It's boring to just drink here. Why don't we compare notes with each other to liven up the mood?" The other guests saw that someone stood up and immediately took the opportunity to kick up a fuss.
Su Rui nodded again, "Since everyone is so interested, I don't want to spoil everyone's mood. What do you think, Brother Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng frowned and didn't answer immediately. He felt somewhat helpless.
How could he not see through Su Rui's trick? He was testing his strength. But today, he wasn't here to attend the Third Prince's banquet. He was here to find Su Lingyun. He really wasn't that bored to compare notes with someone for no reason.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't answer, the young man in white sneered, "You don't dare? Are you afraid of losing face? You can become the Third Prince's guest. You're all capable. If you lose, you'll have to get out of here obediently! "
"Yes, the Third Prince's seat is not so easy to fight for!"
"The Third Prince doesn't raise a waste of food!"
Seeing these people's impassioned appearance, Luo Zheng sighed slightly. It seemed that they regarded him as a competitor.
The Third Prince should have roped in a lot of forces at present, the most important of which were several branches of the seven noble families, and then these people. The Third Prince's resources were destined to be limited. If he got involved, he was afraid that he would have to divide a part of the Third Prince's resources. Naturally, these people were afraid of him.
The Third Prince allowed these people to provoke him in order to test his strength and see if Luo Zheng was worth roping in.
"If Brother Luo Zheng really doesn't want to compare notes, then forget it. Since you all came to my Feather Star Palace, you're my Third Prince's friends. Don't hurt our friendship because of this!" Su Rui said with a smile.
Su Rui's words sounded like he was helping Luo Zheng to get out of trouble, but in fact, he was secretly provoking him.
The young man in white also shook his head and said while walking to his seat, "Since the Third Prince said so, then forget it. It's boring!"
"The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect are too cowardly …" Someone else said.
The words were getting more and more unpleasant. Luo Zheng frowned more and more. He seemed to think of something and said with a smile, "Since everyone is in such a good mood, I have nothing to do here. It's not a bad idea to liven things up!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the young man in white suddenly turned his head. A glimmer of light flashed between his eyebrows. Sure enough, he couldn't bear it anymore. He was afraid that Luo Zheng could really endure it! As the Third Prince's guest, how could the young man in white not understand the Third Prince's meaning? He must test Luo Zheng's strength.
"Good! Since Brother Luo Zheng is so generous, I will also open my eyes today. Let's make a bet. If anyone can beat Brother Luo Zheng today, I will reward him with a thousand square crystals! "Su Rui said with a smile.
Hearing Su Rui's words, the warriors at the banquet suddenly became excited.
A thousand square crystals was definitely a huge sum of money for these warriors who weren't born in aristocratic families.
However, Su Rui's move was somewhat unkind. It was obvious that he wanted to drag Luo Zheng into a war of attrition.
"A war of attrition?" Luo Zheng sneered in his heart. He wasn't afraid of a war of attrition. With the body of a Spiritual Tool, his endurance was far beyond that of ordinary warriors. Moreover, since Luo Zheng decided to fight, he would definitely use a heavy hand to deter others. There were probably not many people who would really dare to challenge him.
In the main hall of Feather Star Hall, an open space had been cleared. A thick carpet was spread in the middle. That was the place for the competition.
The young man in white floated in the air. Although he could fly after entering the Divine Reflection Realm, there were still many differences in his flying skills. The young man in white moved gracefully and his body was as flexible as a swallow. After circling in the air, he gently landed on the carpet. Then, he stared at Luo Zheng with provocative eyes.
Luo Zheng walked over on foot, neither hurried nor slow.
The young man in white cupped his hands toward Luo Zheng and said, "Remember my name, I am Zhuo Feiyi! I hate pretentious people the most. If I meet such people, I must beat them until they can't take care of themselves! "
"Pfft …" Hearing Zhuo Feiyi's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but laugh.
Zhuo Feiyi was dressed in white and looked gentle and elegant. His appearance could be considered as a talent, but his words were so vulgar. The huge contrast made Luo Zheng laugh.
"Humph, I hope you can still laugh later!" After Zhuo Feiyi finished speaking, a little bit of dark red True Essence spread out from his hands. The True Essence kept growing along his fingers and finally condensed into ten long claws. At the same time, two wings condensed from True Essence appeared on Zhuo Feiyi's back.
Seeing Zhuo Feiyi's transformation, Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised. Zhuo Feiyi must have some skills to be able to become a distinguished guest of the Third Prince. Zhuo Feiyi should have visualized some kind of bird and turned his True Essence into claws and wings. Then, his specialty should be speed!

Chapter 327
Today was a sparring session at the Crown Prince's banquet. Although it was said to liven things up, everyone was still holding back their anger. They felt that Luo Zheng was too arrogant and their anger was directed at Luo Zheng. Seeing Zhuo Feiyi move, everyone cheered.
"Zhuo Feiyi's 《Feiyi Body Art》 is a body art he created himself. It's elusive and untraceable! Let's broaden that kid's horizons! "
"It's best to let Luo Zheng bleed a little! Let him know the immensity of heaven and earth, and let him know that there are no weaklings under the Third Prince! "
"That's for sure. Luo Zheng's reaction is probably not fast enough. He's only at Xiantian Realm Stage Three, so his horizons are limited."
It was undeniable that Zhuo Feiyi's speed was indeed very fast. Not only was he fast, but he was also unusually agile like a swallow. His movements in the air were erratic, sometimes to the left and sometimes to the right. It was very difficult to determine his trajectory and movement.
Luo Zheng was as still as a mountain. He stood calmly in the same place, squinting his eyes slightly to capture Zhuo Feiyi's trajectory.
Since his opponent was empty-handed, Luo Zheng did not choose to use his sword. He waited until Zhuo Feiyi left behind countless afterimages. The moment Luo Zheng closed in on him, he suddenly punched out.
At this moment, Zhuo Feiyi's wings suddenly trembled. He made an incredible turn in the air and avoided Luo Zheng's punch. Then, with a series of afterimages, his sharp claws brushed past Luo Zheng's right side.
"Slash …"
This claw left three claw marks on Luo Zheng's clothes.
"Good! Zhuo Feiyi's' Illusionary Shadow 'is too good! "
"That kid didn't even have the strength to fight back. I thought he was very strong. Is this all the Blue Cloud Sect's number one can do?"
"Blue Cloud Sect? The Holy Land of Martial Arts? Haha, what a joke! Zhuo Feiyi hasn't even used his full strength yet! "
However, at this time, someone came out to speak. The person who spoke was called Huo Gang. He was also a disciple of the Azure Cloud Sect and a top disciple of the Heaven's Fury Peak. However, because he was born from the grassroots, he was roped in by the Third Prince. Although his strength was not bad, martial artists were very lacking in cultivation resources. However, these things could be given to him by the Third Prince. Therefore, he chose to stand on the Third Prince's side.
He who had participated in the Peak competition, but he shook his head and said, "Zhuo Feiyi didn't use his full strength, but Luo Zheng didn't either.... our Blue Blue Sect is not as bad as you think.. Our Blue Blue Cloud sect is..................................
...................... Is Luo Zheng really that powerful? "Someone said unhappily.
"I'm not trying to boost his morale. I'm just telling the truth." Huo Gang stared at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's performance in the Peak competition was too amazing. It left a deep impression on Huo Gang. He would never forget it for the rest of his life.
In fact, Zhuo Feiyi was more shocked at this moment.
The dark red claw in his hand was formed from his Zhen Yuan. Originally, he thought that this claw would be able to tear Luo Zheng's shoulder apart. At the very least, he would be able to leave three deep grooves on it. However, he discovered that Luo Zheng's body was as hard as a steel plate!
No, even if it was a steel plate, it would be crushed by his claw. The strength of Luo Zheng's body was really hard to describe. If it had to be described, its hardness was comparable to some of the spiritual weapon level defensive magic weapons!
How could he have such a strong body?
Was this guy a monster?
Zhuo Feiyi was not a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Strictly speaking, he was a member of the Jianghu.
Warriors in the Eastern Region generally had three ways to grow. The strongest and most outstanding warriors naturally went to the Blue Cloud Sect, such as Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming.
The second way was to join the Emperor Army and grow through blood and fire, such as Gou Hantian, Xun Feilong, and Xing Tiansu.
The worst way was to be a warrior born in the Jianghu. Their inheritance was far inferior to that of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. At the same time, they were not like the Emperor Army, who were constantly on the brink of death. Even if they broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm, their strength could only be considered average.
The biggest difference between them and the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples was their vision and foundation.
Just like now, although Zhuo Feiyi had used his speed to attack Luo Zheng, he found that such a sharp attack could not break Luo Zheng's defense at all. He was completely dumbfounded and did not know what to do next!
This was also due to Zhuo Feiyi's lack of foundation. He lacked inheritance in cultivation methods and moves, and his attack methods were too simple.
For example, after Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao noticed Luo Zheng's tyrannical body, they would use other moves to deal with Luo Zheng. Even Zhou Dan would use her trump card, the Song of Righteousness, when she was no match for Luo Zheng's Demonic Phantom.
Zhuo Feiyi's trump card, other than his pair of wings and sharp claws, could not think of a better way to break Luo Zheng's Spiritual Body.
Zhuo Feiyi was depressed. He was riding a tiger and could not get off. He took the initiative to provoke Luo Zheng, but he could not even break his opponent's defense. This was really embarrassing …
"Zhuo Feiyi, go! What are you afraid of? "
"Next time, just tear his stomach apart!"
Zhuo Feiyi was infuriated when he heard these urging words. Motherfucker, all you know is to shout. If you're so good, then go ahead! At this moment, he really wanted to admit defeat.
However, he could feel the Third Prince's gaze on him. If he acted too half-heartedly, then the Third Prince would look down on him. He could only grit his teeth and charge towards Luo Zheng once more. This time, Zhuo Feiyi used his full strength. His entire body transformed into a spiral as he shot towards Luo Zheng.
"Winged Spiral!"
Zhuo Feiyi's spiral attack was a martial skill that he had created himself.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly as he gazed at the direction Zhuo Feiyi was spinning towards. This martial skill seemed to be slightly similar to Yao Ye's Sword Dance, and it could even be considered as a form of the Sword Dance. However, the difference in strength between the two was like the difference between the heavens and the earth. Yao Ye relied on his baleful aura to drive the spiral, whereas, Zhuo Feiyi relied on his Quintessence to drive it.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge or evade Zhuo Feiyi's Winged Spiral. After the battle with Pei Tianyao, Luo Zheng's body had already formed a third spiritual pattern, and the toughness of his body was comparable to a high-grade spirit artifact. So, Zhuo Feiyi was utterly incapable of harming Luo Zheng's body!
Right when Zhuo Feiyi's 10 sharp claws were about to tear Luo Zheng apart, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his arms and assumed a defensive posture.
Everyone instantly laughed when they saw Luo Zheng's actions.
"Luo Zheng was just captured once. Did he not learn his lesson? Zhuo Feiyi's claws are extremely sharp. Coupled with the Winged Spiral, they can even instantly pierce through a steel plate that's a few inches thick, right? "
"His arm is probably going to be crippled! It's going to be torn apart! "
"I've never seen such a stupid martial artist. Can anyone tell me how he managed to become the champion of the Blue Cloud Sect?"
While everyone was fervently discussing and laughing, Zhuo Feiyi's Winged Spiral finally twisted Luo Zheng's arm.
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
Everyone expected Luo Zheng's arm to be torn into pieces, but that didn't happen.
Zhuo Feiyi's claws twisted Luo Zheng's arm, but they couldn't penetrate Luo Zheng's skin at all.
At this moment, the smiles on everyone's faces suddenly froze …
At this moment, the guests at the banquet had the same thought as Zhuo Feiyi. Is this Luo Zheng a f * cking monster?
Usually, when a person's body was described as tyrannical, it meant that his body was extremely powerful. However, no matter how tyrannical a person's body was, there was still a limit. After all, the surface of a person's body was only a thin layer of skin. Below the skin was the flesh and blood, unlike some demonic beasts that had a layer of hard shell. No matter how tyrannical a person's body was, how strong could it be?
Luo Zheng made them understand that a person's body could actually be tyrannical to such an extent. Even if he stood there and let you hit him, you wouldn't be able to hurt him at all!
This was no longer a spar, this was a tease …
Only when the difference in strength was large enough could one have the ability to tease the other party.
Seeing the faint smile on Luo Zheng's face, many guests finally understood that Luo Zheng didn't care about their opinions at all. Because their strength wasn't worth mentioning in front of Luo Zheng!
On the other hand, Su Rui's eyes were shining. This Luo Zheng was really a talent. He must think of a way to recruit him under his banner!
In the beginning, Su Rui wasn't that interested in Luo Zheng's strength. What he cared about was Luo Zheng's reputation. If he could get the first place of the Blue Cloud Sect under his banner, then the Blue Cloud Sect would have a chain effect. Luo Zheng was like a key to prying open the door of the Blue Cloud Sect.
But now, it seemed that Luo Zheng wasn't just a key, he was also a sharp sword! Moreover, Luo Zheng was only seventeen years old. He still had a limitless future!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 328
Zhuo Feiyi's spiral attack only lasted for a breath's time before it was shattered by Luo Zheng's punch. Zhuo Feiyi was immediately defeated.
In this kind of situation, it was normal to stop at a certain point. Even if you won by one or two moves, you would win. Moreover, it was completely one-sided right now.
Zhuo Feiyi accepted his loss wholeheartedly. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, there was even a trace of reverence in his eyes. He suddenly felt that Luo Zheng was unfathomable.
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng didn't use any weapons, didn't use any vital energy, and stood still without moving a step. If this wasn't unfathomable, then what was?
In his depression, Zhuo Feiyi even had a trace of longing for the Blue Cloud Sect. He had just entered the Divine Realm, and he still had a chance to enter the Blue Cloud Sect …
What Zhuo Feiyi didn't know was that a genius of Luo Zheng's level was rare in the Blue Cloud Sect.
This year's Blue Cloud Sect could be considered a gathering of geniuses. Three years ago, there was only Li Yifeng, but this year, there were three who jumped out: Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Luo Zheng …
Each was more monstrous than the last.
"Third Prince, your humble subordinate lost to Luo Zheng." Zhuo Feiyi cupped his hands and said to Su Rui.
Su Rui nodded. "Brother Luo Zheng is a rare genius in the Blue Cloud Sect. You don't have to be sad about losing to him!"
Rare genius in a thousand years? Wasn't this too exaggerated? Some warriors were dissatisfied with Su Rui's evaluation. After all, the Eastern Region could produce too many people in a thousand years.
Although Luo Zheng's performance was indeed shocking, there were still many capable people under Su Rui's command, and Zhuo Feiyi wasn't the best among them.
"Third Prince, Song Zhanpeng requests to battle!" Zhuo Feiyi had just sat down when another person stood up. This person was called Song Zhanpeng. He was a burly man who looked like a bandit. His left eye was covered with a black eyepatch. It wasn't clear if it was for decoration or if his left eye was blind.
"Permission granted." Su Rui nodded. His gaze then fell on Luo Zheng.
In Su Rui's opinion, everything in this world could be exchanged.
Luo Zheng was very against him and was unwilling to join his camp. How could Su Rui not know that?
However, he understood that as long as he offered enough benefits, Luo Zheng would be tempted! Luo Zheng was no doubt a genius, but he still needed resources!
The Blue Cloud Sect might put in effort to nurture Luo Zheng, but the more resources a martial artist had, the better. This was where Su Rui's confidence came from.
Su Rui was able to participate in the fight for the throne because of the resources he controlled! Compared to him, the Crown Prince could only be considered a poor man. Even the Seventh Prince Su Xing's grasp of resources was far inferior to his.
Luo Zheng … Do your best to display your strength. The stronger you display your strength, the more I will give you! Su Rui thought to himself.
Facing Luo Zheng, Song Zhanpeng's fierce-looking face immediately trembled. Immediately, he pulled out a blade from his waist. That was a completely black blade, which was actually very rare.
"Brat, I just let you bask in glory. However, you only relied on your tyrannical body. Do you dare to block my black blade?" Song Zhanpeng sneered.
"I don't dare," Luo Zheng expressionlessly shook his head. He was not an idiot. Even if his High Grade Spirit Tool body was incomparably powerful, he would not take the opponent's blade for no reason.
Luo Zheng's reply immediately made Song Zhanpeng choke.
"Since it's like this, then show me your true strength!" Song Zhanpeng finished speaking and leapt up. Both hands grasping the black blade, he slashed towards Luo Zheng's head with mountain-splitting power.
"Heaven Splitting Earth Splitting!"
Facing this blade, Luo Zheng still did not dodge. His legs were firmly nailed to the ground. At the same time, he pulled out the Flowing Light Sword in his hand. At the same time, he rotated his right arm and raised the sword above his head. The blade was horizontal, his palm facing outwards.
"Basic Sword Technique, Sword Parry!"
Luo Zheng's sword technique was one of the basic sword techniques used to defend and counterattack.
When Luo Zheng faced Li Yifeng that day, he did not use the Sword Parry because the Sword Parry was a sword technique that was half defensive and half offensive. After parrying the opponent's attack, he would counterattack. However, Li Yifeng's Falling Petals Sword was too fast. Even if he parried one of Li Yifeng's attacks, he would immediately be met with dozens or hundreds of Li Yifeng's counterattacks.
However, it was different when facing Song Zhanpeng. Song Zhanpeng obviously walked the path of a firm and fierce blade technique. This kind of blade technique was strong and powerful, but it was often only one strike and was not flexible enough. It completely relied on overwhelming power to win.
"You want to block my black blade with that thin sword of yours? Dream on! " Seeing Luo Zheng use the Sword Parry of the basic sword techniques, Song Zhanpeng thought in his heart whether he should use too much strength. If he used too much strength, he was afraid that this brat's sword would be directly cut in half.
However, thinking of Luo Zheng's arrogant appearance, not only did Song Zhanpeng not reduce the strength in his hand, but he increased it by 30%! A turbulent and violent aura came from his body, as if his blade really had the power to split heaven and earth!
"Clang!"
Song Zhanpeng's black blade heavily chopped on Luo Zheng's sword, but the expected effect did not appear. Not only was Luo Zheng unharmed, but even the sword in his hand was not broken. Instead, while Luo Zheng parried his black blade, he turned around and stabbed towards himself.
This stab gave Song Zhanpeng a fright. He did not expect Luo Zheng to have such great strength. Not only did Luo Zheng block his black saber, he even had the strength to stab back at him. How could such a ferocious saber be so easily broken by the simplest basic sword technique?
In a moment of desperation, Song Zhanpeng rolled like a donkey and avoided Luo Zheng's backhand sword. When he got up, his originally dark and red face was already pale.
How could this basic sword technique be so fierce?
For a moment, Song Zhanpeng had a strong illusion. Had he practiced the blade technique for so many years in vain? How could it be broken by someone else's basic sword technique?
"Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap!"
Su Rui suddenly clapped his hands and exclaimed, "I heard that Brother Luo Zheng defeated Li Yifeng with the basic sword technique. I didn't believe it, but after witnessing it today, I finally believe it! I admire you! "
Many swordsmen present also nodded secretly. Luo Zheng's basic sword technique had hidden mysteries, which made these swordsmen feel ashamed of their inferiority. Everyone knew the basic sword technique. Who would dare to use it against the enemy? In the whole world, Luo Zheng was probably the only one who could do it.
In response to Su Rui's praise, Luo Zheng's face didn't have any superfluous expression. He stood firmly in place and still didn't move his feet.
Song Zhanpeng found it hard to accept that his "Big Bang Technique" had been blocked by Luo Zheng's simple sword. Song Zhanpeng was a righteous person, but he had a shortcoming, which was that he loved to save face. Today, he had undoubtedly lost a lot of face.
After thinking for a while, Song Zhanpeng clenched his teeth and reached over his head. He actually took off the blindfold on his left eye.
As a guest of the Third Prince, many people had never seen Song Zhanpeng take off his blindfold. Most people thought that his left eye was blind and that it was a physical defect. Naturally, they wouldn't ask about it. They didn't expect that his left eye under the blindfold was intact.
"Double pupils in one eye!"
There were actually two pupils in his eye, which looked very strange.
It was also the first time that Luo Zheng had seen "Double pupils in one eye". This type of double pupils was also called "Polycoria", which meant that there was a smaller pupil in the middle of a larger pupil.
It was said that people who had "Polycoria" could use that eye to see the enemy's weakness!
However, because there were too few people who had "Polycoria" in this world, it was very difficult to verify the authenticity of these rumors. But since Song Zhanpeng had revealed his "Polycoria", it must have a special ability.
Luo Zheng held the sword in his hand, his state of mind calm. If Song Zhanpeng could see his weakness, it would be better. After all, this could help Luo Zheng see his weakness.
Song Zhanpeng's left eye slightly squinted, and a faint luster flashed in his eye. This luster immediately enveloped Luo Zheng.
Polycoria could help him see the opponent's flaws and weaknesses, but every time he used it, he would have a headache for many days. This was because using Polycoria required a lot of soul power, and Song Zhanpeng didn't have the means to train his soul.
Therefore, under normal circumstances, Song Zhanpeng wouldn't use this ability.
Today, he had no other choice. He didn't want to lose too badly. He had lost face from Luo Zheng, so he had to pick it up from Luo Zheng!

Chapter 329
Song Zhanpeng's left eye was black and white.
The black part represented a weakness.
Everyone had a weakness, and even the most abnormal defensive power method had a weak point. If this weak point was attacked fiercely, it would be fatal.
But in Song Zhanpeng's eyes, Luo Zheng's body was completely white, without a trace of black!
This … …
This situation had happened before. Although Song Zhanpeng's polycoria could see through an opponent's weakness, it was not omnipotent. If the opponent's strength was too strong, such as an extreme Illuminating Spirit master, or a high grade defensive magic weapon or weapon, he would not be able to see through it.
But Luo Zheng's cultivation was only at the Xiantian third stage, so why did he have no flaws? Or rather, with his own cultivation, he could not see through Luo Zheng's flaws.
Song Zhanpeng could not understand this kind of thing!
In fact, Song Zhanpeng's polycoria talent was a very powerful talent, but unfortunately, Song Zhanpeng's cultivation talent was not high enough, and his soul was not strong enough. If his talent could reach the level of Zhou Dan or Quan Xiaoyan of the Blue Cloud Sect, then combined with his polycoria talent, he might be able to keep pace with Hua Tianming and the others.
Because his cultivation talent was not strong enough, after he joined the Third Prince's banner, he used all kinds of medicinal pills to nourish himself, and barely broke through to the Illuminating Spirit realm. His foundation was very unstable, and this method of forcibly raising his talent would make it difficult for him to advance in the future.
However, his greatest reliance was his polycoria talent, which was why he was chosen by the Third Prince.
But how could he have imagined that today's opponent was a complete freak!
Song Zhanpeng naturally did not know that after Luo Zheng had cultivated a high-grade spirit tool body, the flaws in his body had become pitifully small. Song Zhanpeng could see through the flaws of martial artists in the Illuminating Spirit realm and below, but he could only see through low-grade spirit tools and weapons.
"Song Zhanpeng, why are you in a daze? Haven't you seen through this boy's weakness? If you can see it clearly, then go and fight! "Someone shouted impatiently.
Many of the guests present were aware of Song Zhanpeng's ability. His polycoria was very powerful, and he could see through his opponent's weakness. How could he fight when his opponent's weakness was seen through? Back then, with just this move, Song Zhanpeng had convinced quite a few people.
Originally, when everyone saw Song Zhanpeng take off the blindfold, they thought that he was going to flip out. When they took the blindfold, they stared blankly at his left eye. What was going on?
After a while, Song Zhanpeng cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Your Excellency is an extraordinary person. I, Song Zhanpeng, am convinced!" After that, Song Zhanpeng returned to his seat without looking back.
"What's going on? Song Zhanpeng directly admitted defeat? We've only exchanged one move! "
"Song Zhanpeng is not a person who will admit defeat. As long as there is a slight possibility of a comeback, he will persist. If he admits defeat, I am afraid that he is really not a match for him!"
"What's so special about Luo Zheng that Song Zhanpeng is afraid of?"
Su Rui's face also showed a trace of surprise. Song Zhanpeng's strength might not be the strongest among the guests present, but his polycoria talent was hard to find in the world. If this person's talent was not so bad, he would definitely be a great help to Su Rui.
"Brother Zhanpeng, can you tell us the reason why you admitted defeat?" Su Rui asked with a smile.
Song Zhanpeng grabbed a glass of wine on the table and said, "Luo Zheng's weakness, I can't see through it. If my guess is correct, Luo Zheng's body is perfect!"
"Perfect body?" Su Rui was surprised.
When everyone heard Song Zhanpeng's words, they were also surprised. Wasn't this evaluation too excessive?
How could there be a perfect thing in this world? In most cases, perfect was just an adjective! Luo Zheng had a perfect body? This joke was too big.
"I can't find any weakness in his body, and his cultivation is only at the Xiantian third stage! Your Highness, do you think this is a perfect body? "Song Zhanpeng said with a serious look on his face.
Su Rui understood Song Zhanpeng's words and nodded. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, his eyes were burning with passion. Although Song Zhanpeng's words might not necessarily be true, but he must recruit such a character under his banner!
"Your Highness, Cang Lang requests to battle!" A silver-haired young man stood up.
But at this time, Luo Zheng said, "Your Highness, I came to see Princess Changkong!"
He was not afraid of a tag-team battle. In fact, until now, Luo Zheng had not moved a single step, and his strength had not been revealed. But he did not come here to spar with the Third Prince's subordinates!
"Don't worry, Brother Luo Zheng, I have already sent people to bring Princess Changkong here, but it will take some time. Brother Cang Lang only wants to spar with you, so please do me the honor." Su Rui said with a slight smile. He had already seen through this point. In any case, only he could bring Su Lingyun here. If he was not willing, then Luo Zheng would not be able to see her at all.
Luo Zheng's complexion sank slightly. He did not speak, but his eyes were filled with annoyance. If he did not use a heavy hand, then these guys would not stop! Thinking of this, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "In that case, Brother Cang Lang, please go on stage!"
When Cang Lang stepped onto the stage and began to spar, Luo Zheng suddenly attacked!
He still relied on his tyrannical body, but this time, more than 50 dragon scales in his body lit up. At the same time, Luo Zheng activated the energy of the phoenix crystal in his right arm.
After his speed suddenly increased, Luo Zheng was like a nimble and swift lynx. Cang Lang originally thought that Luo Zheng would be like the previous two spars, standing there and passively countering his attacks. But in the end, before he was ready to make a move, Luo Zheng was already close at hand.
Cang Lang barely wanted to resist Luo Zheng's attack. After blocking Luo Zheng's fist, Cang Lang's complexion suddenly changed. This power was like the tide of the sea. It was not something he could resist.
"Bang!"
With one move, Cang Lang was sent flying by Luo Zheng, smashing a lot of furniture in Yuxing Palace …
"How dare you!" Seeing this scene, someone shouted at Luo Zheng sternly. Sparring was very different from fighting. It was all about nodding. Luo Zheng didn't intend to show any mercy.
"What? You want to be my opponent? Even if it's a spar, you should be prepared to be beaten. Can't afford to play? I think you'd better stop playing! " Luo Zheng said coldly. If he continued to hold back, there would be no end to today's war of attrition!
Su Rui still smiled and said, "It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Let's enjoy ourselves to the fullest. It's hard to avoid mistakes in a spar." In Su Rui's opinion, the more intense the fight, the better! Only in this way could Luo Zheng show his true strength.
Since Su Rui had said so, more people jumped out to support him.
"Tang Kui requests to fight!"
"Bang!"
He was sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch.
"Yu Xuzi requests to fight!"
"Bang!"
He was sent flying by Luo Zheng again …
"Li Yuchen requests to fight!"
"Bang Bang!"
… …
In half an hour, seven or eight people had been sent flying by Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng's attacks were more ruthless each time.
The first person, Cang Lang, who was sent flying by Luo Zheng, was only in a sorry state. He was not injured. As for the later opponents, they were either vomiting blood or had their ribs broken by Luo Zheng. Although the Third Prince gave them expensive medicinal pills that could help them recover, they still needed to rest for ten days to half a month.
In the end, no one dared to challenge Luo Zheng. It could be said that none of the younger generation under the Third Prince's banner was a match for Luo Zheng.
The ones who could truly suppress Luo Zheng were those extremely powerful old men. Naturally, they would not lower their faces to spar with Luo Zheng.
After using his own methods to intimidate the Third Prince's guests, Luo Zheng once again cupped his hands and said in a cold voice, "Third Prince, if I don't see Princess Changkong, I will take my leave and look for her myself!"
Unfortunately, Su Rui was still unhurried, as if he had already grasped Luo Zheng. He nodded and said, "I have some things for Brother Luo Zheng to take a look at. You should be able to see her after that!"
After speaking, Su Rui clapped his hands.
After a while, a group of women dressed in palace attire walked out from the back of the palace. They were holding brocade boxes of different sizes.
Behind this group of women in palace attire, there were three women dressed in light makeup. These three women were completely naked except for their breasts and underwear, which were covered by two pieces of silver light.
Their appearances were very different from the women of the Eastern Region. Their eyes were sunken, their skin was white, and their legs were smooth and slender. They looked very different. Moreover, because they were wearing very little clothing, they were almost naked. As they walked with enchanting steps, they exuded a primitive and fatal attraction to men.
When they walked out, all the men in the audience stared at the three women. Some of the men with weak willpower had their eyes red and their mouths dry.

Chapter 330
Su Rui smiled and pointed to the three incomparably enchanting foreign race women and said, "These three women are from the Western Domain's Zhi Tribe. They are still virgins and have preserved their primordial yin. The primordial yin of these Zhi Tribe women contains a rich blood energy. If you dual cultivate with them and pluck their primordial yin, you can obtain a tremendous blood energy!"
The power of blood energy was of great benefit to a martial artist.
If one's blood energy was vigorous, then even if they were injured, their flesh and blood would recover extremely quickly. Some martial artists with vigorous blood energy could even see their wounds heal at a visible speed.
But if one wanted to strengthen their blood energy, they could only slowly increase it through endless training. Moreover, the speed was extremely slow, and the difficulty was comparable to tempering their soul.
Pills that could strengthen one's blood energy were sold at sky-high prices, just like pills that could strengthen the soul.
But the primordial yin of these three Zhi Tribe women actually contained the power of blood energy!
Not only could one sleep with these enchanting and beautiful women, but they could also pluck their primordial yin to strengthen their own blood energy. This was killing two birds with one stone. Any male martial artist who heard this would find it difficult to restrain their impulses.
The temptation of these three Zhi Tribe women was too strong.
Luo Zheng was just about to speak when Su Rui casually opened a brocade box. Inside this brocade box were three light red crystals. As soon as this brocade box was opened, these three red crystals bloomed with surging true essence!
However, this true essence had not been refined and could be absorbed into the body at any time to replenish one's own true essence.
"Top grade true essence stones can instantly replenish a martial artist's true essence. These top grade true essence stones are the currency circulating in the Central Domain. According to the current market price, the value of a top grade true essence stone is equivalent to the price of a million square crystal stones," Su Rui lightly said, as if these true essence stones were not the best things in the brocade boxes, and the value of the items in the brocade boxes far exceeded these three top grade true essence stones.
The currency circulating in the Eastern Domain was square crystal stones, but the energy contained within these square crystal stones could not be directly absorbed by a martial artist. Instead, it could be used to power things like flying chariots and letter tablets.
If a martial artist wanted to obtain true essence, they could only refine it bit by bit. If they encountered an enemy and didn't have enough true essence, it would be difficult to replenish it in a short period of time.
But true essence stones were different. They contained the purest form of ownerless true essence, and could be easily absorbed into the body. There was simply no need to refine it!
It was mentioned before that a martial artist's true essence came from heaven and earth origin energy. It was a good fortune that they borrowed from the heavens. Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom had been able to 'borrow' and not return it, and this true essence stone was even more thorough. It directly absorbed heaven and earth origin energy, turning it into currency in the Central Domain!
This kind of thing was simply unimaginable in the Eastern Region.
If one were to crush a true essence stone in a time of crisis, they would be able to continuously replenish their true essence and increase the power of their cultivation method by several folds. For some martial artists, a single top grade true essence stone could be their life!
As the Third Prince's guests saw these three top-grade true essence stones, their breathing quickened.
"Third Prince …" Luo Zheng wanted to interrupt Su Rui, but Su Rui simply didn't listen. Instead, he reached out and opened the next brocade box.
Inside the next brocade box was a close-fitting soft hedgehog armor. This soft hedgehog armor's surface shimmered with a bronze light. At a glance, one could tell it was not an ordinary item.
"This soft hedgehog armor is a low-grade immortal step armor! It's a defensive magic treasure. Every thread on it is weaved from Dazzling Gold Silk. It can block out all True Essence! "Su Rui still said indifferently as if he was introducing something insignificant!
A low-grade immortal step defensive magic treasure! Moreover, it could isolate true essence!
Defensive magic treasures were extremely rare, and the value of a low-grade defensive magic treasure was often comparable to a high-grade weapon! The value of this close-fitting soft hedgehog armor was almost equal to a high-grade immortal step weapon.
But in the Eastern Region, there had almost never been a high-grade immortal step weapon. It could be imagined that this close-fitting soft hedgehog armor was simply priceless …
As the guests looked at Luo Zheng, their eyes were filled with deep jealousy.
But what could they do? Who told their strength to be inferior to others? Luo Zheng had just defeated them one by one. Moreover, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian third stage. His future development potential was enormous! It was worth the Third Prince to spend such a large sum of money to win him over.
The problem was that the price seemed to be a bit too high. Moreover, the Third Prince didn't stop, but walked towards the fourth brocade box.
"Third Prince, what do you mean by telling me this? Don't open the rest of the brocade boxes. I don't want to know. "Luo Zheng couldn't dissuade the Third Prince several times, so he could only throw out these words stiffly.
Su Rui's hand that was reaching for the fourth brocade box suddenly stopped. Then, he faintly smiled and said: "Brother Luo Zheng is a sensible person. Can't you see what I mean?"
"Third Prince wants to win me over and join your camp?" Luo Zheng calmly said.
Su Rui smiled and slowly said: "That's right, that's not right. Rather than saying that you want to join my camp, it's better to say that you want to work with me for the great cause of the Empire!"
As he spoke, his eyes shone with a bright light, "If I ascend the throne, I will unify the entire Eastern Domain. I will expand to the extreme south and the northwest. I will expand the territory of the Burning Heaven Empire by ten times! A hundred times! I will become a vast place that is on par with the Central Domain. Brother Luo Zheng, you have a lot of room for growth. In the future, you will certainly become a great help to me. If you and I grow together, we can definitely bring the Eastern Domain to a new glory. "
Su Rui was an extremely ambitious and intelligent person. He could see that Luo Zheng didn't seem to be tempted by his treasures. Therefore, when he persuaded Luo Zheng to join him, he also made a huge promise.
Warriors were also people. They also hoped to leave their names in the annals of history. This kind of promise had a strong attraction to many warriors.
Helping the current Emperor expand his territory and leave a heavy mark in the annals of history for future generations to admire. How glorious would this be?
"I'm sorry, Third Prince. I, Luo Zheng, have no intention of joining any faction," Luo Zheng said coldly.
To Luo Zheng, whether it was the treasures in front of him or his name in the annals of history, they weren't as attractive to him as Su Rui imagined.
Luo Zheng's initial goal in life was to pursue the pinnacle of martial arts. He wanted to stand at the peak of martial arts and see the essence of this world! His other goal was to protect his sister, Luo Yan.
Although Luo Yan was still in the Blue Cloud Sect, according to Shi Jingtian, she might be taken away by that person in the Central Domain one day.
There wasn't much time left for Luo Zheng. He still needed to grow quickly until he could contend against that person! Changing Luo Yan's fate!
Perhaps now, he had another goal in life. That was to protect Su Lingyun. As for whether the Crown Prince, the Third Prince, or the Seventh Prince would take the throne, he didn't care at all.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Su Rui's faint smile froze on his face. His originally smiling face became somewhat solemn.
The other guests glared angrily. Some people couldn't control themselves and started cursing on the spot.
From their point of view, Su Rui was already showing enough respect to Luo Zheng. Not counting the boxes that had yet to be opened, which one of the three boxes wasn't a heavenly treasure? Even the seven noble families wouldn't be able to take out these things as gifts!
"Luo Zheng, you don't know how to appreciate our kindness! Our Highness is showing such kindness and you actually dare to reject him? Who do you think you are? No matter how talented you are, you can only contend against someone who has just entered the Divine Realm! To our Highness, you are nothing! "
"Any random Divine Realm expert can take care of you. Do you really think you can help our Highness?"
"Brat, I know you are trying to grasp our Highness' bottom line and want to bargain for more. But let me tell you, you can't be too greedy. Greedy people often end up in a miserable state."
Several guests loudly berated.
In the end, Su Rui stopped them. At this moment, Su Rui's expression was somewhat complicated.
He could see that Luo Zheng's attitude was very firm. Or rather, he had thought too simply of human nature. He originally thought that there was no deal in this world that couldn't be completed. As long as the price was high enough, the other party would definitely be moved. But now, it seemed that he was too naive.
However, Su Rui truly cherished talent. Su Rui still didn't give up.
He was thinking, thinking about what Luo Zheng cared about.
Soon, Su Rui's eyes suddenly lit up. He understood that he had grasped Luo Zheng's weakness.
Because he had always wanted to use treasures to win over Luo Zheng, Su Rui had neglected a very important person. That was Su Lingyun!
(There is one more update before 12 o 'clock, and then one more at around 1 o' clock. Those who can't wait, rest early. Have a good weekend! I envy you guys for being able to rest!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 331
Ever since Luo Zheng entered Yuxing Palace, he didn't pay attention to anything here. The only reason he stayed here was to wait for Su Lingyun.
Su Rui's intelligence network had already investigated the relationship between Su Lingyun and Luo Zheng. When Su Lingyun was in Xiao Yufeng, she was Luo Zheng's mentor.
What Su Rui couldn't figure out was why Luo Zheng was so concerned about Su Lingyun just because she was his mentor?
However, Su Rui didn't need to figure it out. He only needed to know that Luo Zheng cared a lot about Su Lingyun.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to the guests' words. Instead, he said to Su Rui, "Third Prince, it's been a long time. Why haven't I seen Princess Changkong yet? Could it be that Third Prince planned to tease me from the beginning? "
"Don't worry, Her Highness will be here soon!" Su Rui's smile returned to his face. He seemed to have more confidence in making Luo Zheng stay.
… …
… …
Inside Xiaoming Palace, the lamps emitted a soft light.
Changming Palace, which used to be bustling with noise and excitement, was now deserted.
Except for the palace maids, no one else was allowed to approach Xiaoming Palace.
It didn't feel good to be under house arrest. These days, Su Lingyun was bored and even asked an older palace maid for advice on Su Embroidery.
Her nimble fingers twirled the silver needles and pulled the colorful threads back and forth on a piece of snow-white satin. With Su Lingyun's talent, learning Su Embroidery was too easy.
On the snow-white satin, a flower-like pattern was slowly outlined. The pattern was neat, round, and colorful. The standard of the pattern was much better than the palace maid who was good at Su Embroidery.
She stared blankly at the pattern on the snow-white satin and felt a little depressed. It was really scary when she was bored …
The Peak Competition should have ended, right?
What kind of results did Luo Zheng achieve in the Peak Competition?
Top 100?
Su Lingyun was already very satisfied with this result. Thinking of this, Su Lingyun smiled brightly. If Luo Zheng could enter the top 100, Xiao Yufeng's ranking would rise by a few places.
To be able to pick Luo Zheng out of so many disciples, she seems to have a discerning eye. In fact, staying on the Xiao Yufeng as a mentor is far better than my current situation.
If she hadn't left Xiao Yufeng back then, the political struggles in the palace probably wouldn't have involved her.
But she couldn't just sit by and do nothing. The Crown Prince was her brother.
Unfortunately, even if she returned to the Burning Sky Palace, she was powerless to change the overall situation. The Crown Prince's Eastern Palace had already been sealed. Although the Third Prince said that it was to protect the Crown Prince's safety in name, in reality, he had placed the Crown Prince under house arrest. As the Crown Prince's younger sister, Su Lingyun, the Princess Changkong who was most doted on by Su Qian, also enjoyed the same treatment.
So boring …
It would be great if she could go stroll around the Blue Cloud Sect!
She casually flung her hand, and that snowy satin was accurately draped onto a hanger. As it turned out, this snowy satin was already a nearly finished white robe, but she did not know who she was weaving it for …
Barefoot, she walked on the glossy floor. She had a belly full of anger, and there was no one to vent it on. Su Lingyun already could not endure. Perhaps after a while, she would wield the Three Chi Red Hero Dagger and fight to the death with those old eunuchs in the palace!
Just at this moment, a voice suddenly came from outside the hall.
"Princess Changkong, His Highness the Third Prince requests your presence!"
Su Lingyun's long eyelashes blinked. At this time, that guy Su Rui wants to find me?
Just what is the matter? He can't be thinking of getting rid of me right now, right? Su Lingyun's face showed a slight sneer.
Logically speaking, that should not be the case. The struggle between Su Rui and Su Xing had not yet ended. Although Su Rui's resources were robust, and the people supporting him were many, Su Xing had that group of old eunuchs standing behind him. This group of old eunuchs normally very rarely showed themselves, but indeed, they were a group of old fellows that could not be ignored.
Before a victor was decided between these two fellows, she and Big Brother ought to be safe.
But at this time, just what is he inviting me over for? He can't be thinking of reminiscing about old times with this half-sister of mine, right?
The imperial family's familial love was very apathetic. In the event that a struggle occurred, it would often be either you die or I die. This trace of blood relation basically could not change anything …
Carrying all sorts of doubts, Su Lingyun draped herself in a dark phoenix robe and walked out of the Xiaoming Palace. Counting back and forth, it had already been a very long time since she had stepped out of the Xiaoming Palace.
At this moment, Su Lingyun unexpectedly had a sort of feeling of being released from prison. As her imagination ran wild, she could not help but shake her head. Truly lamentable, the grand Princess Changkong unexpectedly fell into this sort of predicament. Truly, a phoenix in distress was inferior to a chicken.
Walking along the winding paths of the imperial palace, she even opened her chest to breathe in this free air. House arrest truly was torturous.
Not a moment later, Su Lingyun finally arrived at the Feather Star Hall. Seeing the brilliance of the Feather Star Hall, Su Lingyun did not feel the slightest bit surprised. Su Rui sang every night, continuously roping in outside powers to increase his bargaining chips.
And the Seventh Prince Su Xing was much more indifferent. Other than having dealings with several of the Seven Great Noble Clans' clan heads, he very rarely paid attention to these Jianghu people. The two people's strategies were different, and it could not be said who was stronger or weaker. Everything still had to wait for the final result to be clear.
After entering the Feather Star Hall, Su Lingyun searched for Su Rui's people. Being under house arrest for so long, she naturally had to dig at him. She clearly knew she was not his opponent, but as a little girl, moving her mouth was simply a matter at her fingertips.
But when she searched the crowd, she suddenly saw a familiar figure.
That figure was indeed very familiar. When her eyes swept over that person's face, her pair of beautiful eyes suddenly widened!
Luo Zheng?
Why is he here?
Did he seek refuge with the Third Prince?
An ominous feeling rose in Su Lingyun's heart.
In fact, in Su Lingyun's view, whether or not Luo Zheng sought refuge with the Third Prince did not change anything. The Third Prince's side was full of talented people. Even among the ordinary retainers, there were many Divine Realm experts. With Luo Zheng's current strength, the Third Prince would not put him in an important position.
But Su Lingyun felt very uncomfortable. She felt betrayed.
Su Lingyun remembered the words she said to Luo Zheng. She trusted him so much that she even hoped that Luo Zheng could create some miracles in the future. If he could grow up in the future, he could help her turn the situation around.
Now that she thought about it, it seemed that she was still naive. She was already twenty years old, no longer a little girl. Unexpectedly, she trusted a little guy so easily.
Perhaps it was because she had been under house arrest for too long, but Su Lingyun had become somewhat sentimental. She was happy and angry at the same time. Seeing Luo Zheng standing beside Su Rui, she felt wronged!
It was as if she had groomed an elite, but in the end, she had to give it to someone else. This kind of feeling would make anyone uncomfortable. Even though Su Lingyun also understood that she had nothing to lose, she could not pin her hopes on Luo Zheng to reverse the situation.
"Instructor Su!" Luo Zheng naturally did not know that Su Lingyun could have so many thoughts in an instant. But when he saw that Su Lingyun was unharmed, his eyes were filled with joy.
To Luo Zheng, Su Lingyun was not his instructor. Instead, she was more like a dear elder sister. He had relied on her to escape from danger several times. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng rushed to Burning Sky Palace without stopping after returning to the imperial capital.
He had to repay Su Lingyun's kindness!
Su Lingyun's beautiful eyes seemed to have condensed a layer of frost. She coldly replied, "What?"
If you rely on the Third Prince, then I'm no longer important to you, right? Why did you ask me to come? Did you want to show off your relationship with Su Rui?
"Are, are you alright?" Seeing Su Lingyun's cold response, Luo Zheng was momentarily stunned. He did not know what to say next.
Su Lingyun coldly laughed, "Good, very good! I was originally a member of Burning Sky Palace. What's wrong with living in my own home? "
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a puzzled expression. He looked at Su Lingyun, as if he wanted to find an answer from her cold face. But he could not understand. What was wrong with Su Lingyun? Why did she have such an attitude of keeping people a thousand miles away? Was it good to be under house arrest?

Chapter 332
Seeing Luo Zheng's slightly uneasy appearance, Su Lingyun also felt a little strange. However, she preconceived that Luo Zheng had sided with Su Rui, so she misunderstood.
"But, I heard that you were under house arrest. I came today to take you out!" Luo Zheng suddenly said with a firm gaze.
Luo Zheng didn't know why Su Lingyun was upset, but when he thought of his own purpose, he must carry it out! Even if Su Lingyun didn't want to, he wouldn't change easily. This was Luo Zheng's character.
"Take me out?" Su Lingyun was stunned, "Can you do it?"
In Su Lingyun's view, even if Luo Zheng sided with Su Rui, Su Rui wouldn't put him in an important position. After all, Su Rui had too many capable people around him. He didn't lack Luo Zheng. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he didn't have this ability!
"I haven't done it. How would I know?" Luo Zheng replied.
At this time, Su Rui suddenly laughed and walked over, "Brother Luo Zheng, it's not impossible to take Su Lingyun away!"
It's not impossible? Su Lingyun's heart jumped! She thought she heard wrong.
The political struggles within the royal family were all about exterminating every single one of them! She didn't believe that Su Rui would let her go so easily.
But why did Su Rui say such words? Luo Zheng had so much power to make Su Rui give in?
Su Rui nodded and said to Su Lingyun, "But, there's a condition!"
Hearing Su Rui's words, Luo Zheng's face darkened. He knew what kind of conditions Su Rui was going to ask for.
Luo Zheng could understand, but Su Lingyun couldn't. She asked, "What condition?"
"Sister, if Brother Luo Zheng is willing to join me, I can let you leave Xiaoming Palace!" Su Rui said seriously.
What? Su Lingyun was stunned. Luo Zheng didn't rely on Su Rui? And Su Rui actually used his freedom in exchange for Luo Zheng's participation? What was going on? Su Lingyun was completely confused … She was confused by her own complicated thoughts.
Of course, Su Rui didn't care about what Su Lingyun was thinking. He had his own judgment.
In fact, Su Lingyun wasn't an important person. She might have some connections among the seven noble clans, and these connections could be of help to the Crown Prince. However, the situation had reached this point. The seven noble clans had already chosen sides, and the Crown Prince had become a decoration. There was no possibility of a comeback.
Therefore, even if he let Su Lingyun go, it didn't matter at all. As long as the Crown Prince was still in his hands, there wouldn't be much of a problem.
Letting go of Su Lingyun in exchange for Luo Zheng's participation was definitely a good deal for Su Rui. With the help of Luo Zheng, he could pry open the door of the Blue Cloud Sect. If he could get the help of the Blue Cloud Sect, then the overall situation would be set. He would definitely win.
However, Su Lingyun wasn't tempted by Su Rui's condition. She was just confused for a while. She suddenly asked Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, I still don't know your ranking in this Peak Competition."
She didn't know why. Maybe it was her inference, or maybe it was a woman's intuition. The problem must be in the Peak Competition. Why would Luo Zheng's participation be able to exchange for her freedom? Unless … Luo Zheng obtained an amazing result in the Peak Competition, which was enough to attract Su Rui's attention.
But even the top 100 couldn't attract Su Rui's attention at all. The top 50? No, the top 20 was barely enough. But it wasn't enough for Su Rui to propose such a condition. The top 10? The top 5? The top 3?
Su Lingyun thought her inference was ridiculous, so she could only ask Luo Zheng.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng touched his head and said softly, "I won the first place in the Peak Competition."
"First place …"
Su Lingyun was probably the last person to know the answer. At the same time, she was also the one who was most shocked.
After all, she had always been the one who cared about Luo Zheng the most and hoped that Luo Zheng could achieve good results. Moreover, she was Luo Zheng's mentor.
Unfortunately, she was locked in Xiaoming Palace and couldn't go out. She couldn't receive any news from the outside world. Every time she thought about it, she could only make inferences silently in her heart.
But Luo Zheng suddenly said "first place". Although this sentence wasn't loud, it was like a clap of thunder exploding in Su Lingyun's mind. Her shock could be imagined!
Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't lie. But this kind of thing, if it wasn't announced by the Blue Cloud Sect, or if she directly observed the Qingyun List, or if she saw it with her own eyes, it was really hard to believe.
Luo Zheng's strength seemed to have improved. Now he was already in the Xiantian third stage. Su Lingyun could tell at a glance. The problem was, so what if he was in the Xiantian third stage? How could he compete with the top disciples of the 33 peaks? How could he compete with those personal disciples?
Su Lingyun didn't believe it, but she had to believe it. Only this could explain why Su Rui proposed such a condition!
If Luo Zheng really won the first place in the Blue Cloud Sect, and Su Lingyun stood in Su Rui's position, she would make the same choice!
So Su Rui's words actually supported Luo Zheng's words.
When Su Lingyun was bored in Xiaoming Palace, she once calculated that Luo Zheng might be able to enter the top hundred. What was his rank? Ninety something? Or eighty something? She didn't know how many times she had made this kind of boring speculation. Now it seemed that she wasn't even accurate once. Moreover, she was ridiculously wrong.
Luo Zheng's achievement should be enough to attract the attention of the Sect Leader, right?
Then he came to Fentian Palace today, could he take her away?
Su Lingyun's heart beat rapidly. She could even hear her own heartbeat.
Luo Zheng turned his head and said to Su Rui, "Your Highness, I've already made it very clear to you. I won't join either side."
Su Rui seemed to have expected this. He said with a calm expression, "Then do you think you can take the Princess away?"
Hearing the faint threat in Su Rui's words, Luo Zheng took out his Flowing Light Sword with a "whoosh" sound. He said with a serious expression, "I've never thought that I could take Su Lingyun away without killing. Since Your Highness thinks that I don't have this ability, then I can't help but prove it!"
Hearing Luo Zheng directly call her name, Su Lingyun's heart moved slightly. A strange feeling rose in her heart. Didn't this guy always call her Mentor Su? Why did he suddenly call her by her name?
Luo Zheng held his sword in one hand, while his other hand directly held Su Lingyun's hand. He said, "Let's go!"
Directly holding the Princess's hand was a very offensive action, but Su Lingyun didn't feel the slightest bit of disgust. She followed behind Luo Zheng.
However, they hadn't taken two steps when an old man appeared at the entrance of Feather Star Palace. The old man wasn't very tall. He had a sharp hooked nose and looked very ferocious. A great pressure was emitted from his body.
"Luo Zheng, I do admire you, but this doesn't mean you have a reason to look down on me. As a Xiantian Realm expert, you can challenge a Divine Reflection Realm expert. None of my guests at the banquet today can be your opponent. But do you think you can take her away safely?" Su Rui spread his hands and said.
"Divine Reflection Realm?" Luo Zheng frowned and stared at the old man.
The old man's face was expressionless. He just blocked their way. However, a Divine Reflection Realm expert gave people a great pressure just by standing there. It was as if they could kill people with just their eyes. Being stared at by this kind of eyes, Luo Zheng felt sweat rise from his back.
It had been a long time since someone gave him such a strong pressure.
"Su Rui, do you dare to kill me?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
Su Rui calmly shook his head. "Of course I don't. You are now the number one of the Blue Cloud Sect. If I kill you, how can I explain it to Shi Jingtian?"
"If you don't dare to kill me, then why are you stopping me today?!" As Luo Zheng spoke, he turned around and used a Collapsing Sword. This Collapsing Sword was the full power of the phoenix crystal on his right arm. At the same time, all the dragon scales on his body lit up. This was almost his full strength attack!
Before Li Yifeng had reached the Divine Reflection Realm, Luo Zheng could only compete with him in sword moves. However, this old man was a Divine Reflection Realm expert. Although this old man's talent and foundation weren't as heaven-defying as Li Yifeng's, someone who could reach the Divine Reflection Realm couldn't be weak! The difference between Luo Zheng and the old man was too great!

Chapter 333
Seeing Luo Zheng's menacing sword, the old man's eyes flashed with a strange light.
In fact, even the strongest expert would feel strange seeing Luo Zheng's strange and exquisite "Basic Swordsmanship".
Strange didn't mean that it couldn't be broken. The absolute difference in strength was too great, and even the most exquisite moves couldn't make up for it.
Facing Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword, the old man's short body flipped over. At the same time, his back was facing Luo Zheng. At the same time, a short spear swept towards Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword!
"Clang!"
The tip of the short spear collided with Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword, producing a crisp sound. The old man's short spear sank slightly. Obviously, he didn't expect Luo Zheng's long sword to contain such strength. His expression sank slightly, and he sneered. Gray True Essence poured into the short spear, and he relied on the power of True Essence to forcibly repel Luo Zheng's sword!
Luo Zheng had just retreated, and without taking a breath, the sword in his hand swept towards the old man again!
One sword, two swords, three swords, four swords …
Each sword was exquisite beyond compare, and he performed the Basic Swordsmanship to the extreme, but it was useless. He was still directly broken by the old man's True Essence.
Luo Zheng's expression became more and more gloomy. His realm was still too low ….
Even if his swordsmanship was better than his opponent's spear, his opponent simply ignored his swordsmanship.
This was equivalent to a highly skilled boxer fighting with a two meter tall brawny man. At this time, his skills couldn't display the power that they should have.
However, Luo Zheng didn't give up. Each sword was fiercer than the last, and each sword was fiercer than the last. Beads of sweat slowly seeped out of his forehead.
Women all liked to fantasize. Even Su Lingyun was no exception.
She had imagined countless scenes, but she never thought that this scene would happen.
Her hand was held tightly by Luo Zheng. Her palm felt damp. It was the sweat of Luo Zheng and her.
Seeing Luo Zheng's long sword slashing out with dazzling silver light, Su Lingyun felt incomparably gratified. Although Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng was not the old man's opponent, he was actually able to fight against the old man. This young man had grown so fast …
Half a year ago, he had been suppressed by Wang Yanmiao, a disciple who had just entered the Radiant Spirit Realm. But now, he had the courage to face off against a peak Radiant Spirit expert.
It was fine even if she did not leave the Burning Sky Palace. Perhaps it was enough to see him like this.
After attacking for a long time without success, Luo Zheng became more and more anxious. On the other hand, the old man became more and more relaxed. The old man's short spear had practically locked down Luo Zheng's every move. His short spear had formed a cage that firmly restrained Luo Zheng.
A trace of mockery appeared on the old man's face. He was already in complete control of the situation. This kid was still too inexperienced. It was impossible for him to escape from his spear cage.
Just as he was feeling pleased with himself, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. A figure instantly charged out of his body. At the same time, Yao Ye flicked Blooddrinker Sword out of his spatial ring. He grabbed it and stabbed it at the old man!
This scene happened very suddenly. From the moment Yao Ye took out the sword to the moment he stabbed, everything happened in practically an instant.
As a peak Radiant Spirit expert, how sharp were the old man's senses? Even though he had locked down Luo Zheng's sword with his spear, he was still able to handle it with ease. If there was any movement or if someone was approaching, he would still be able to divert his attention to deal with it.
However, never had the old man imagined that someone would charge out from within Luo Zheng's body. It was truly unexpected.
The old man was even more surprised and bewildered because this person emanated dense baleful energy!
So, the old man didn't choose to counterattack at the first possible moment, and he raised his short spear with the intention of blocking Yao Ye's sword.
The problem was that the old man's short spear was only a low-grade Immortal Artifact.
Even though the old man possessed a strength at the peak of the Radiant Spirit Realm, spear type weapons were comparatively rare, and mid-grade Immortal Rank short spears were even rarer. So, it was obvious how difficult it was to obtain a mid-grade Immortal Rank short spear.
On the other hand, the sword in Yao Ye's hand was at the mid-grade of the Immortal Rank. Not to mention that Yao Ye mainly cultivated in a technique that was related to baleful energy, so it was even more formidable!
The sharp Blooddrinker Sword struck the wooden short spear, and then a wisp of red light erupted from it. After that, the low-grade Immortal Rank short spear was instantly slashed into two by Blooddrinker Sword!
The old man's reaction was extremely swift as well. At the instant the short spear was slashed into two, he forcefully pulled his figure back. However, Blooddrinker Sword had still stabbed into the old man's chest, causing a string of blood to spray out! The old man retreated madly while Yao Ye pursued him relentlessly. Every single step of her delicate figure seemed like an extremely beautiful dance as she pursued the old man!
"Let's go!"
Even though the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye's sword dance, was exquisite and very formidable, he wasn't a match for the old man. He'd merely caught the old man off guard, and if the old man was able to recover, then he would definitely be unable to resist the old man's attacks.
Luo Zheng held Su Lingyun's hand as he dashed forward. Su Lingyun sensed a strand of extremely strong force dragging her along, and she didn't even have to move as she felt like she was soaring through the clouds ….
All along the way, a vermillion red wall lay before them. The walls of the Imperial Palace were painted with vermillion red paint like this, and they were around a meter thick. However, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. As soon as he approached the wall, he suddenly smashed open a huge hole.
Luo Zheng was anxious and uneasy. He was like a trapped beast, and he raised his strength and speed to their limits. On the other hand, there was a wisp of a smile on the corners of Su Lingyun's eyes as she stood behind him.
She'd been trapped in Minor Light Palace for many days, so she felt extremely happy and delighted when she saw Luo Zheng's strength. She seemed like a drunk person, and she just followed behind Luo Zheng and silently gazed at his broad figure. It seemed like it wasn't important whether they were able to leave Heaven Burn Palace or not.
Most importantly, Su Lingyun was clearly aware that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to leave with her ….
"Third Prince, let us stop him!"
The guests of Starwing Hall volunteered themselves.
However, Su Rui turned a deaf ear to them, and he stared fixedly at Yao Ye who was in battle with Uncle Ya.
The old man was called Uncle Ya, and he was one of Su Rui's trusted aides. Moreover, he could be considered to be a senior of Su Rui's.
When Yao Ye's sword dance attacked abruptly, it really did cause Uncle Ya to be in a flurry. Especially when his short spear had been slashed into two, so it was quite difficult for him to resist Yao Ye's sword dance.
However, after a few tens of moves, Uncle Ya was still able to rely on his dense True Essence to take control of the situation, and he grew more and more courageous as the battle progressed. Waves of gale from his palms and strands of True Essence forcefully resisted Yao Ye's' Sword Dance 'and successfully forced Yao Ye back.
Right at this moment, a red glow flashed in Yao Ye's eyes that were suffused with a ferocious aura, and then he transformed into a speck of red light that swept Blooddrinker along as he shot violently towards the exit of Starwing Hall. Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, and their hearts were connected. So, Luo Zheng immediately summoned Yao Ye back when he knew that he was no match for Yao Ye.
Uncle Ya cupped his hands towards Su Rui and said, "Your Highness, I'll pursue Luo Zheng right now."
Su Rui shook his head and said, "There's no need for that! Such a huge commotion from before has probably alarmed many people. I've already sent a voice transmission to Senior Hen Shui. "
"Senior Hen Shui? Your Highness, there's no need to alarm him, right? "The old man was slightly stunned.
Su Rui laughed coldly and said, "There really wasn't any need for that in the past. However, those damnable eunuchs wanted to join in the fun as well. So, what could I do?"
The old man frowned. Obviously, he understood what Su Rui meant. If those eunuchs were to join in the fun, then this matter would be slightly troublesome indeed.
"Come with me. It'll probably be slightly troublesome tonight!" Su Rui floated in midair and flew out of Starwing Hall. Even though Su Rui hadn't joined the Blue Cloud Sect, his natural talent wasn't bad as he was the strongest prince in the sect. Moreover, the resources he'd obtained since a young age weren't inferior to any elite disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, so he'd stepped foot into the Soul Illumination Realm a long time ago.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Wall after wall was blasted into pieces by Luo Zheng.
Countless palace maids and eunuchs cried out as he ran madly through the imperial palace.
At the moment of impact, Luo Zheng also used the power of vibration. The moment he touched the wall, his body began to vibrate violently with a very small amplitude. Therefore, when he hit the wall, the damage caused was very large. A casual hit could create a large hole that was more than two people tall.
As a result, Luo Zheng's head and face were covered in dirt and dust. However, he was in stark contrast to Su Lingyun, who was behind him. Su Lingyun wasn't stained by a single speck of dust.
"Why is the Burning Sky Palace so big!" Luo Zheng was a little depressed. He'd run in a straight line. Along the way, he'd smashed through dozens of walls, but he still hadn't rushed out of the Burning Sky Palace.
"Feather Star Hall is on the front left of the Burning Sky Palace. You're running in the direction of the Burning Sky Palace. If you continue to run in this direction, I'm afraid you'll run through the entire Burning Sky Palace. Naturally, you'll feel that the Burning Sky Palace is very big," Su Lingyun said slowly with a charming smile.
Luo Zheng fainted when he heard this. "My great aunt, you should've said so earlier!" Luo Zheng was depressed. After all this time, he was actually going deeper into the Burning Sky Palace …
"It's fine …" Su Lingyun said in a low voice.
"Why is it fine? If it was in another direction, we would've already run out of the Burning Sky Palace!" While they were talking, Luo Zheng smashed through another wall and entered an exquisite garden. This garden was filled with birds and fragrant flowers. It was as beautiful as a paradise on earth.
Under one of the willow trees sat a young man with a purple crown on his head. There was a zither in front of the young man. His slender fingers were gently plucking the zither strings. A sorrowful zither melody reverberated in the air.
Looking at the young man, Luo Zheng's footsteps suddenly stopped. He wasn't afraid of the young man. The young man's strength was only at the early stage of the Divine Realm. Luo Zheng didn't care about this kind of strength.
However, there were three people standing beside the young man. The three of them wore coarse cloth archery clothes and had white jade hooked black belts.
Luo Zheng couldn't see through the strength of these three people. The aura emitted by the two on the left and right was slightly weaker than Elder Xu's. The aura of the person in the middle was even stronger than Elder Xu's. Among the experts that Luo Zheng had seen, he was second only to Shi Jingtian!
"I already said it's fine. Because I already knew that you wouldn't be able to bring me out of the Burning Sky Palace …" Su Lingyun said with a slight smile.
Thank you for the monthly ticket reward. The second update will be before 12 o 'clock. The other two updates, even if you don't sleep, you have to get them out!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 334
Placing the Crown Prince and Princess Changkong under house arrest was not the Third Prince's idea alone. There was also the Seventh Prince's order.
In fact, the Crown Prince's power was just like a useless chess piece, but they could not casually throw it away. After all, the struggle for the throne had not yet been decided. The Third Prince Su Rui and the Seventh Prince Su Xing were both unwilling to take action against the Crown Prince.
Before the two had decided a victor, whoever took action against the Crown Prince first would inevitably be attacked by the other. The title of deposed Crown Prince would not look good on anyone.
In the future, if they truly had the absolute advantage and then deposed the Crown Prince, at that time, no one would dare jump out to speak.
That young man wearing the purple crown on his head calmly stroked the guqin. The guqin's sound was sometimes resounding and clear, and sometimes it was full of worry. It sounded quite charming.
"Who is he?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Seventh Prince, Su Xing," Su Lingyun replied.
Hearing Su Lingyun's words, Su Xing stopped stroking the guqin. Instead, he used a clear voice to smile: "Elder Sister Lingyun, good evening!"
Su Lingyun twitched her mouth, unhappily replying: "Good evening, Imperial Brother!"
"This night, I heard the noise inside the Burning Heaven Palace. It made it difficult for me to sleep, so I came out to play a song. I wonder if Elder Sister Lingyun and that friend beside you are interested in listening to the end?" Su Xing smiled and said.
"Not interested!" Luo Zheng directly replied. He did not feel like wasting time with this young man. He could tell at a glance that this talkative guy was not a good person. After saying this, Luo Zheng pulled Su Lingyun back into the hole in the wall, looking for another way out.
However, Luo Zheng had just moved when he heard a gust of wind. The hole that Luo Zheng had smashed apart had two more people!
These two people's figures were unexpectedly so strange. Luo Zheng basically could not see how they moved, as if they were originally standing here!
But these two people were still at Su Xing's side just now!
"His Highness the Seventh Prince is rarely in such a good mood. Would the two of you please stop?" One of them spoke with a sharp voice. The voice was surprisingly like a woman's.
Being blocked, Luo Zheng's face darkened. "So it's two damn eunuchs!"
In the Burning Sky Palace, being a eunuch wasn't a scolding word. In fact, being a eunuch was an official position, and not everyone could become a eunuch! To be able to become a eunuch, one must be a powerful figure!
If Luo Zheng had said, "So it's just two eunuchs," these two eunuchs might not have gotten angry.
However, when Luo Zheng called them two damned eunuchs, their faces immediately turned ugly. After all, their strength wasn't ordinary. Their strength might not be comparable to Elder Xu's, but they could still fight against the ordinary elders of the Blue Cloud Sect!
This kind of strength was definitely at the top of the pyramid in the Eastern Region.
"Boy, His Royal Highness the Seventh Prince is in a good mood today, otherwise, you wouldn't be able to stand and talk. Xiantian third stage, do you really think you are a big shot?" One of the eunuchs sneered and said.
"Well, I, Luo Zheng, am not a big shot, but I can carry on my ancestral line!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Puchi." Su Lingyun's face showed a smile, but her face was still somewhat red. Luo Zheng was making fun of other people's flaws, wasn't it too sinister?
As a eunuch, it was necessary to castrate a man, which was to say, break his manhood. However, breaking a man's manhood was not only a bad thing, because without his manhood, he could seal his Yang Yuan and practice some special power techniques.
Eunuchs would not indulge in the affairs between men and women. In the palace, in addition to serving their masters, they would wholeheartedly practice. The eunuchs of the Burning Sky Palace had always been a group of people that couldn't be ignored, and there were many experts among them!
However, without a man's manhood, it was a disgraceful thing, and almost all of the eunuchs had a reverse scale that couldn't be touched.
Luo Zheng had said it in front of them, so how could these two eunuchs not be angry?
"You! Die! "
As expected, one of the eunuchs suddenly was unable to contain his anger. Swinging his hand, three seven inch long black needles shot towards Luo Zheng.
Those black needles clearly were not ordinary items. The inside of the black needles seemed to be concentrated with a kind of very strange True Essence. That True Essence was like a viper's tongue, revolving around the black needles and continuously expanding.
How could Luo Zheng not feel the power contained within these black needles?
But this eunuch's strength was too strong, strong to the point that Luo Zheng was completely unable to contend against him. Although he made evasive movements, when he began to dodge, the three black needles already shot towards him.
"Ding, ding, ding!"
When these three black needles shot towards Luo Zheng's front, they nevertheless let out three crisp sounds.
In front of Luo Zheng, there seemed to appear an invisible energy barrier, blocking the three black needles. Those black needles struck the energy barrier, but without penetrating in the slightest, they fell to the ground.
"Wang Xi, you cannot kill him." That eunuch with the strongest aura behind Su Xing coldly said. Clearly, the energy barrier just now was created by him.
Su Lingyun's face was suffused with a slight sneer. Even if this eunuch shot three black needles that were enough to be fatal, she was not too worried because she clearly understood that Su Xing did not dare do anything to Luo Zheng.
Since Luo Zheng obtained first place in the All-Peak Competition, then Luo Zheng was bound to be chosen to enter the Blue Clouds Road Trial. If the person chosen by Shi Jingtian died in the Burning Heaven Palace, this matter would be a big problem for Su Xing, and it would similarly be a big problem for Su Rui.
Let alone the power of these two princes' open and covert struggles, if Shi Jingtian truly spoke in anger, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince basically did not have the capital to bargain!
Martial artists had always used strength to speak. Even if it was an emperor in front of a true expert, he could only swallow his anger and grovel on the ground. There was no reason to speak of.
With Su Lingyun's brain, she could practically instantly sort out these things, so she was clear that Luo Zheng would not be in danger inside the Burning Heaven Palace. She was also clear that she could not walk out of the Burning Heaven Palace, so today, she would accompany Luo Zheng's crazy rampage. Running wildly all the way, she could be considered happy.
"Young Master Luo Zheng, your strength is not enough to behave atrociously in the Burning Heaven Palace, so I advise you to give up." Su Xing indifferently said.
"Give up?" Luo Zheng glanced at Su Lingyun. He had decided on something, and he would never give up. Luo Zheng immediately asked: "Your Highness the Seventh Prince, what will make you willing to let Su Lingyun and I go?"
"Let you go?" Su Xing shook his head. He used his fingers to pluck the strings, and then he shook his head and said: "You can go, but Elder Sister Lingyun cannot, unless …"
Luo Zheng wrinkled his brow, "Unless what?"
"Unless Young Master Luo Zheng chooses to stand on one side, for example, stand on Su Rui's side, or stand on my side." Su Xing slightly smiled.
In actuality, Su Xing and Su Rui were not the same. Su Xing had these eunuchs standing behind him. He only needed to rope in several of the Seven Great Noble Clans' patriarchs, so he was not like Su Rui, widely recruiting the heroes of the world.
However, people like Luo Zheng, placed anywhere, were scarce resources. Su Xing did not mind having this kind of genius with limitless potential at his side.
"And if I insist on persisting?" Luo Zheng coldly said.
Su Xing faintly smiled: "I don't like threatening people because behind you is the Blue Cloud Sect. Indeed, I don't want to do anything to you, but that doesn't mean I don't dare do anything to you! I advise you to look out for yourself! "
Just as they were speaking, the courtyard's door opened, and the one who walked in was the Third Prince Su Rui. At Su Rui's side followed many people, all of whom were the guests attending today's banquet. That extremely radiant old man was naturally among them. Besides them, there was also a fatty wearing a black robe.
Luo Zheng looked at that fatty, and the corner of his eyes slightly jumped. Sure enough, there were crouching tigers and hidden dragons in the Imperial Palace. This fatty's strength clearly was not lower than that of the eunuch behind Su Xing!
When Su Rui entered, he first indifferently glanced at Su Xing, slightly smiling: "Seventh Brother, you're in such a leisurely mood, coming out to play the zither in this dark night! However, I just heard you say that you want to poach Brother Luo Zheng. This is a bit unkind! "
These two people were currently like fire and water in the Imperial Palace. So much so that there could possibly be a life and death battle between the two of them!
Su Xing looked at Su Rui, and his expression chilled. He gloomily said: "What does this have to do with you?"
"Of course it has to do with me. Today, Brother Luo Zheng is willing to honor my Feather Star Hall …"
"…"
The two Imperial Princes opposed each other with equal harshness, yet the backers behind them were nevertheless silent.
This kind of battle had already played out many times, however, both sides were currently still stuck at the stage of bickering. If they actually made a move, perhaps the Burning Heaven Palace would flow with rivers of blood.
Just as the two Imperial Princes were about to oppose each other, Luo Zheng suddenly roared: "Enough!"
The two Imperial Princes heard Luo Zheng's roar. At first, they were stunned, but then they immediately showed a smile. They were afraid of each other, but they did not place Luo Zheng in their eyes. After all, Luo Zheng's current strength could not possibly cause much of a stir. If they could win him over to their own camp, that would be good. If they could not win him over, there would not be any effect.
Luo Zheng's gaze was gloomy as he said: "Third Prince, Seventh Prince, today, I, Luo Zheng, am not strong enough. Perhaps I cannot bring away Su Lingyun! But have you ever thought of a problem? "
"What problem?" Su Rui asked.
Su Xing pressed his finger against the zither, similarly staring at Luo Zheng.

Chapter 335
They did not think that Luo Zheng would suddenly say such crazy words. The two princes, Su Rui and Su Xing, stared blankly.
Not a moment later, the two began to laugh.
The two princes laughed, and the people behind them naturally laughed as well.
Especially those guests behind Su Rui. Their laughter was even more exaggerated. Some people laughed until they bent over, clutching their stomachs as if they were in extreme pain.
Perhaps, this was the funniest joke they had ever heard in their lives.
"Destroy the kingdom? This brat shouldn't be crazy, right? "
"The Burning Heaven Empire has stood tall for so many years, but it turns out it can be destroyed so easily!"
"I thought I was crazy, but I never thought there would be someone even crazier than me in this world!"
Even that unsmiling eunuch and that Senior Henshui behind Su Rui showed smiles.
Luo Zheng was indeed a genius, a genius rarely seen in a thousand years in the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, the title of genius often said that this person had potential, but it did not necessarily mean that he had the strength.
There were many possibilities in the future. There were too many people in this world, and many geniuses would emerge every year. However, how many geniuses could truly mature?
Only an extremely small number of geniuses would have a meteoric rise, and ninety-nine percent of geniuses would either scatter the halo of geniuses or become a pile of bones on the ground, becoming a stepping stone for others.
Destroy the Burning Heaven Empire? That was not impossible.
The Burning Heaven Empire was a colossus in the Eastern Territory, and it was the only super empire in the Eastern Territory.
However, if it was still in the entire world, it was nothing!
However, to destroy the Burning Heaven Empire, it would require at least Shi Jingtian's level of strength. In the eyes of Su Rui and Su Xing, the probability of Luo Zheng growing to Shi Jingtian's level was too small. The probability of Luo Zheng growing to this level was not as good as walking down the street and being struck by lightning.
Su Rui sighed, "Luo Zheng, I originally wanted to rope you in, but now I've given up. Your potential is indeed astonishing, but it's a pity I found that your brain has a bit of a problem. Honestly, you are too stupid …"
Su Xing also shook his head, "You are a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, and you still want to participate in the Blue Cloud Road Trial. I indeed will not kill you, but not killing you does not mean I do not dare to touch you!"
When Su Xing's voice fell, that eunuch with the strongest strength behind him took a step forward. Suddenly, from within his body, an intense might erupted. On his body, that True Essence as robust as the sea also began to gush forth.
Pressure!
This pressure had far surpassed the strength of a Divine Reflection warrior. This eunuch was a Divine Core warrior!
The Divine Core realm, that was a realm Luo Zheng had no idea about!
Until now, Luo Zheng had only seen one Divine Core warrior fight, and that was Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian's punch landed on Zhenren Tianqiong, who had escaped far away. The terrifying power that exploded from his punch shocked the entire Blue Cloud Sect.
Although the Divine Core eunuch didn't seem like he wanted to attack, it seemed like he just wanted to use his pressure to destroy Luo Zheng's soul!
The intense pressure immediately caused Luo Zheng to feel extremely pressured, as if an entire lake was pressing down on Luo Zheng's body!
Furthermore, when the eunuch unleashed his pressure, Senior Henshui who stood behind Su Rui unleashed his own aura as well. The aura covered the entire sky as it swept towards Luo Zheng.
Another Divine Core warrior!
Senior Henshui's pressure was different from the eunuch's. If that eunuch's pressure was like a lake, then Senior Henshui's pressure was like a thousand meter tall mountain. It was forcefully pressing down onto Luo Zheng, and it was even more powerful.
The pressure unleashed by two Divine Core warriors could easily crush any ordinary warrior into a meat patty.
This pressure didn't only come from the mental aspect, it also came from the physical aspect.
However, Luo Zheng's body was extremely strong, and he could withstand the pressure from the physical aspect. But, the real problem was the mental aspect.
"Luo Zheng!" Su Lingyun finally became nervous. Indeed, the enemy hadn't attacked, but they could still use their pressure to destroy Luo Zheng, and even severely injure him!
But … what could she do?
When Luo Zheng was facing Wang Yanmiao, she was still able to save Luo Zheng with her status.
When those True Masters were trying to make things difficult for Luo Zheng, she was still able to help Luo Zheng get out of his predicament.
But, things were different now …
With her current status, she couldn't even protect herself, and her two brothers didn't take her seriously at all!
Su Lingyun's eyes were filled with anxiety, but there was nothing she could do.
Just as Su Lingyun was stomping her feet in anxiety, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his hand and grabbed onto Su Lingyun's arm. He nodded his head slightly and looked at Su Lingyun with a calm expression.
He was comforting Su Lingyun, telling her that he could handle it!
Although Luo Zheng's soul was extremely strong, there were very few warriors at the same level who could defeat Luo Zheng in terms of the strength of their souls. Not only that, even those who had just broken through to the Divine Reflection realm couldn't defeat him.
But, no matter how strong his soul was, there was still a limit to how strong it could be. A Divine Core warrior was one of the strongest existences in the Eastern Region, and the pressure they unleashed was definitely a huge challenge for Luo Zheng.
"Kakaka …"
Under the tremendous pressure, Luo Zheng's soul started trembling, and he couldn't help but make some noises. But, he still stared at Su Lingyun with a calm expression.
Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng was forcing himself to stay strong. No matter how monstrous Luo Zheng was, even if he had gotten first place in the competition, he was still just a Xiantian realm warrior. Above the Xiantian realm was the Divine Reflection realm, and after that was the Divine Core realm!
This was the difference between an elephant and an ant.
Su Lingyun grabbed Luo Zheng's hand tightly. Because she was using too much strength, her fingers had turned white.
Right now, she really wanted to beg her two half-brothers to let Luo Zheng go!
However, she knew that her pleading would be of no use. The kinship between the royal family was already very thin. Furthermore, they had already put their lives on the line in this battle. Unless Su Lingyun had a huge benefit in her hands that could move them!
What should she do … Su Lingyun finally realized how weak she was, and her eyes started turning red.
Luo Zheng's soul was trembling more and more violently, and it looked like he wouldn't be able to hold on any longer. If his soul disintegrated, he would probably become an idiot.
But, it seemed like Senior Henshui and the eunuch knew what they were doing. If they really turned Luo Zheng into an idiot, it might bring trouble to the prince they supported. At least, they wouldn't be able to explain it to Shi Jingtian. Therefore, when they joined forces, they were still holding back.
Right at this moment, a thunderous laughter suddenly sounded out from the skies.
"Hehe, this is interesting. Two Divine Core warriors are joining forces to bully a junior from the Blue Cloud Sect? You guys are really shameless!"
Right after the voice sounded out, an invisible energy immediately enveloped Luo Zheng. At the same time, it blocked the pressure exerted by Senior Henshui and the eunuch. Not only that, the invisible energy even pushed back the pressure exerted by Senior Henshui and the eunuch.
Both Senior Henshui and the eunuch felt the backlash from their own pressure. Their faces turned pale, and the eunuch even took a few steps back. Both of them had ugly expressions on their faces.
"Bam!"
A tall and sturdy figure suddenly fell from the skies and landed on the ground. Both of his feet crushed the stone floor into powder.
That person stood there like a mountain, an unshakable mountain.
"Sect … Sect Chief!" Su Lingyun's eyes shone brightly.
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, then he glanced at Luo Zheng and asked, "Are you alright?"
Luo Zheng's face, which was as white as a sheet of paper, slowly regained its color. At that moment, he almost thought that his soul would really collapse.
But, what he didn't know was that Qinglong was shaking his head in his mind. 'As long as I'm here, I won't let your soul collapse.' Ever since Luo Zheng left the Slaughter Sword Mountain, this Qinglong had been in a deep sleep. His soul was still too weak, and he couldn't stay awake for too long.
But, when Luo Zheng's soul was suppressed by the enormous pressure just now, this Qinglong had woken up. But, he didn't say anything. In this Qinglong's mind, every step Luo Zheng took now was something he had to overcome. Luo Zheng had great talent, he was smart, and he had great luck. But, in order for him to become a true warrior, he had to rely on himself.
Borrowing external strength was ultimately someone else's strength.
Therefore, Qinglong planned to wait until Luo Zheng's soul collapsed to make a move. In any case, there was a kind of multicolored light in the furnace that could instantly repair soul damage. Using that multicolored light would be enough to repair Luo Zheng's shattered soul.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's soul didn't collapse. Or rather, it wasn't forced to the limit. Shi Jingtian ran out to help Luo Zheng resolve this crisis.
Actually, Shi Jingtian had been there for a long time, but he didn't show himself. Instead, he watched quietly from the side.
However, Shi Jingtian didn't understand Luo Zheng as well as Qinglong did. Naturally, he wouldn't be able to last until the last moment. He was really afraid that Luo Zheng would be crushed into an idiot by their pressure. One had to know that Luo Zheng was the most important person in this Qingyun Road Trial.

Chapter 336
After Shi Jingtian descended, the other people in the sky also slowly descended. The elders of the Blue Cloud Sect were all present, even the rarely seen Elder Xu was also present.
Elder Xu was an expert in life type cultivation methods. After he descended, he arrived in front of Luo Zheng, "Do not resist."
Immediately, a green True Essence appeared in his hand, and he poured it into Luo Zheng's mind.
"Eh?" Originally, Elder Xu thought that Luo Zheng's soul would be damaged under the pressure of the two great experts. However, he found that Luo Zheng's soul was not injured at all. At most, it was a little weak, but it could be recovered in less than a day or two.
Although Elder Xu had seen Luo Zheng's performance and understood that his soul was far stronger than the average martial artist, the pressure of the two people just now was not ordinary. Even Elder Xu felt the pressure, but this Luo Zheng unexpectedly withstood it. This was indeed beyond Elder Xu's expectations.
"Junior greets Sect Master Shi!" Su Xing stood up and cupped his hands towards Shi Jingtian.
At the same time, Su Rui also bowed.
The Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master, even if the Emperor saw him, he would have to salute. The two princes naturally did not dare to neglect him.
When the others saw Shi Jingtian, each and every one of them was endlessly shocked. This was the strongest in the Eastern Region!
Who would have thought that Shi Jingtian simply did not care about Su Rui and Su Xing. Even his gaze did not stop on them. Instead, he patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and laughed, "Good boy, you have ambition! Destroy the country? I support you! "
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Su Rui's heart was suddenly startled, and his face became very ugly.
Su Xing showed a smile, but that smile was very forced, and it was uglier than crying.
If Shi Jingtian wanted to destroy the Burning Sky Kingdom, he could indeed do it!
Previously, when Su Qian was still alive, his strength was even stronger than Shi Jingtian's. Therefore, these years, the Burning Sky Kingdom's strength increased step by step, and the Family Su had an extremely valiant Emperor.
The problem was that Su Qian was no longer around. Who else in the Fen Tian Empire could go against Shi Jingtian?
It was true that there was a group of eunuchs behind Su Xing, but the eunuch behind him was an Early Divine Core Stage expert. He was also the strongest person beside Su Xing. Although an Early Divine Core Stage expert was already very strong, he was obviously not a match for Shi Jingtian.
As for Senior Henshui, who was assisting Su Rui, he was also only at the Early Divine Core Realm.
Even if the two of them joined forces, they were still no match for Shi Jingtian …
Furthermore, Shi Jingtian wasn't the only powerful person in the Blue Cloud Sect. There were also the Vice Sect Leader, Elders, Hall Masters, and Enlightened Masters.
They had no room to resist.
If Shi Jingtian was willing, he could abolish the Family Su and appoint a new Emperor! In fact, if he were to become the Emperor of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty, who would dare to oppose him?
"Sect Leader Shi, your words are a bit too much …" Although Su Rui was frightened, he still said politely.
"Passed?" Shi Jingtian chuckled. "So what if I passed? Only you are allowed to bully others, but others are not allowed to bully you? Do you really think that you are the Son of Heaven, the Son of Heaven? "
The Emperor was the Son of Heaven, which meant that he was the Son of Heaven. This was just a saying to the common people, or it could be said that it was a trick.
The Son of Heaven? What a joke. In the world of martial artists, no one believed in this.
Furthermore, the cultivation of martial artists was something that defied the heavens. Not to mention that you were the Son of Heaven, even if you were the Son of Heaven, those strong-willed martial artists would not accept it!
"Sect Leader Shi, back then, you had an agreement with the Emperor that you would not interfere with the matters of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty," the eunuch said with a sharp voice.
Shi Jingtian sneered, "I knew that a damn eunuch like you would bring up this matter. Don't worry! I'm really not interested in your fight. As for destroying your lousy country, I'm even less interested. I'm just telling Luo Zheng that after he passes the trial of the Azure Clouds Road and enters the Cloud Hall to cultivate, he'll come back to destroy you! How can I, a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect be bullied by outsiders! "
After being scolded by Shi Jingtian, these eunuchs did not dare to show the slightest bit of displeasure. Furthermore, when they heard Shi Jingtian's words, they deeply sighed in relief.
What they were most afraid of was Shi Jingtian interfering with their fight. If they angered Shi Jingtian and stood behind the Crown Prince, then it would be troublesome. Everyone would not be finished and obediently let the Crown Prince ascend to the throne. Who could contend against the Blue Cloud Sect?
Luo Zheng's gaze coldly swept across and sneered, "I will definitely not disappoint the Sect Leader's expectations!"
Su Xing and Su Rui looked at Luo Zheng, and their hearts slightly jumped.
Although the two of them had information on Luo Zheng, it seemed that they had underestimated Luo Zheng, underestimated Luo Zheng's talent and strength, and underestimated Luo Zheng's position in Shi Jingtian's heart.
Originally, they thought that they would teach Luo Zheng a lesson. As long as Luo Zheng was killed, Shi Jingtian would not appear.
Now that Luo Zheng was standing here perfectly fine, Shi Jingtian seemed to have already flown into a rage. Just what kind of ability did this guy have to be able to make the Sect Leader of the Blue Cloud Sect regard him so highly?
Perhaps, this kind of person could really grow to Shi Jingtian's level?
"Let's go!" Shi Jingtian did not want to waste time with them and was too lazy to stay here.
However, Luo Zheng said, "Sect Leader, Instructor Su, she …"
"Hmph, Su Lingyun, that little girl, of course, will come with us. Do they dare to stop us?" Saying this, Shi Jingtian was like a flying mountain, constantly ascending. The Burning Heaven Palace's sky was forbidden to fly, but that prohibition was not a restriction to him at all.
When he was in midair, Shi Jingtian suddenly thought of something and said, "That's right, Su Qian, that guy, once said to me that if he is no longer here, you can fight with each other. Whoever is more capable will be the Emperor. However, I will say the ugly words first. If you kill the Crown Prince, then you will die for me!"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince's expression became even more unsightly …
Shi Jingtian's words were equivalent to the golden rule. Although he did not interfere with the matters of the Burning Heaven Dynasty, now that he said it, this matter had to be done. Who let him be the number one in the Eastern Region?
Not letting them make a move against the Crown Prince, this sentence was equivalent to a death exemption. Under the circumstances of ensuring the Crown Prince's safety, to Su Rui and Su Xing, the difficulty of taking over the Crown Prince had increased by several degrees …
However, they did not have any room to bargain …
A green leaf suddenly appeared under Elder Xu's feet. Luo Zheng and Su Lingyun directly stepped on the leaf. Su Lingyun smiled as she looked at her two younger brothers. Her current mood was as one could imagine, exceptionally good.
Looking at the big boy beside her, Su Lingyun's heart was filled with emotions. She did not think that everything would be reversed because of him.
Before the All-Peak Great Competition, Su Lingyun indeed had this kind of fantasy. However, at that time, she felt that she was only having an unrealistic dream.
However, in less than a month, this beautiful dream had become a reality. She really did not dare to believe it.
Although Su Lingyun understood that the situation in the Imperial Palace was not reversed, Su Lingyun's brother, who was the current Crown Prince, could not change his fate. However, with this death exemption, the hope of a comeback would always exist!
Since Luo Zheng was valued so highly by Shi Jingtian, he might really have the strength to "destroy a country" in the future.
Destroying a country was naturally a ruthless sentence. Even if Luo Zheng had this strength, she was afraid that he would not really destroy the Fengwang Dynasty. Warriors who had reached that realm would rarely be bored enough to become an Emperor.
Being an Emperor was only the ultimate goal of a mortal. Warriors, on the other hand, had a higher level of pursuit.
When Su Qian became strong, he basically had nothing to do with the affairs of the country. All the big and small matters were handled by the Crown Prince. However, as an Emperor, Su Qian often accepted missions from the Cloud Hall to travel outside. He was completely like a warrior, not like an Emperor.
Su Lingyun and Luo Zheng returned to Xiao Yufeng at the same time. Naturally, they were warmly welcomed by the disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
At this moment, Xiao Yufeng's appearance had changed completely. Several cultivation mystic realms were being built on Xiao Yufeng. The illusionary array masters were building new illusionary arrays to allow the disciples of Xiao Yufeng to get better training.
Because Xiao Yufeng was ranked first in the 33 peaks, from the last to the first, the whole gap could not be said to be small. All the disciples received great benefits! All of this was thanks to Luo Zheng. It was Su Lingyun's discerning eyes that brought Luo Zheng to Xiao Yufeng.
However, this happiness did not last for long. It was because of something that caused it to vanish like smoke.
On this day, in the sky above the Blue Cloud Sect, a huge face suddenly appeared!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 337
After Luo Zheng returned to the Blue Cloud Sect, he had always been cultivating calmly.
There was still half a month before the Blue Clouds Road opened. If it wasn't because he had to make a trip home, Luo Zheng might have devoted all of his time into cultivation.
In reality, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were also doing this.
During this period of time, Hua Tianming had always stayed in the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform, not taking a single step away. Through the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform, not only could his sword intent be sharpened even more, it could also stabilize his cultivation during cultivation.
Pei Tianyao didn't choose to cultivate in a secret realm. His buddhist techniques didn't need to be tempered in a secret realm, but rather through his own meditation and comprehension.
And this time, Luo Yan didn't obediently return to Purgatory Mountain.
After all, Luo Zheng still had half a month before heading to the Blue Clouds Road to train. The time she had to accompany her brother wasn't much, so every breath of time was extremely precious.
While Luo Zheng was cultivating, Luo Yan spent most of her time staring blankly at her brother, watching him cultivate diligently and seriously. Her request was extremely simple. She only needed to quietly accompany Luo Zheng by his side. She didn't have too many extravagant requests.
Unfortunately, fate was often like this. Just a small wish was so difficult to satisfy. Sometimes, Luo Yan would think that it would be great if she and her brother didn't come from a martial arts family. The two of them were both commoners, living an ordinary life. They didn't have that many pursuits, nor did they have that many tribulations.
Once one embarked on the path of a martial artist, they were destined to live a difficult life. The things one obtained seemed to be many, but in reality, the things one lost were also many …
Today, Luo Zheng sat at the summit of Xiao Yufeng Mountain, continuously urging the true essence within his body to attack the bottleneck of Xiantian fourth stage.
In reality, with Luo Zheng's accumulation and foundation, breaking through this bottleneck wasn't that difficult. He only needed a few pills, and he could break through in one go. However, doing this would make Luo Zheng's foundation unstable, making it difficult for him to break through in the future.
Every time Luo Zheng made a breakthrough, he would reach the stage of "Overflowing Essence". When his Zhenyuan accumulated to a certain limit, he would break through the bottleneck on his own. This kind of breakthrough could make his foundation extremely stable.
On this day, the wind suddenly blew in the sky.
The thick clouds were like huge quilts, as if they were being shaken by an invisible giant.
Luo Yan's hair was messed up by the wind. Luo Zheng also felt the great power in the sky and frowned slightly.
The clouds in the sky gradually formed a huge human face!
"What is this? A worldly anomaly? " Luo Zheng looked at the sky and felt an unparalleled aura coming from the human face. Even Shi Jingtian could not compare to this aura!
Such a vast worldly anomaly did not only alarm Luo Zheng and Luo Yan on Xiao Yufeng, but also all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. Even some of the people in the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital were dumbstruck.
A huge human face appeared in the sky. How hard was this to understand? Was this a god?
Many people who believed in gods even burned incense, knelt on the ground, and prayed to the face in the sky! They prayed for the blessings of the gods.
However, many martial artists knew that this wasn't a god. It should be an extremely powerful almighty who projected his Zhenyuan into the sky!
To be able to project Zhenyuan into such a huge human face, what realm was this person's strength?
Even if these martial artists didn't think this was a god, such an ability and such a terrifying aura had already exceeded their scope of understanding. The strength of the person who projected this human face had already reached an unimaginable level! In the hearts of the Eastern Region's martial artists, this person was probably an existence equal to a god.
Many martial artists were looking at the giant face in the sky with reverence in their hearts.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Luo Yan smiled and shook her head. In Luo Yan's little mind, these things had nothing to do with her.
However, Luo Yan soon realized that she was wrong. The appearance of this huge face directly determined Luo Yan's fate.
After the huge face appeared for a few breaths of time, it suddenly said, "Shi Jingtian, Shi Jingtian, come out!"
This voice came from the sky. Every word it shouted was like a clap of thunder.
That voice exploded in their ears, causing their ears to buzz and rattle.
"Is this huge face in the sky looking for Sect Master Shi?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Although he knew that this huge face wasn't looking for him, he had a faint ominous premonition.
"Shi Jingtian, come out!" The voice continued to roar.
Not long after, a small black dot suddenly shot into the sky. It was the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master Shi Jingtian.
"Where is Luo Yan?! Isn't she cultivating in your Purgatory Mountain? Why did I detect that she seemed to have left the Blue Cloud Sect in the past few days?! "
Every word spoken by that huge face was like a clap of thunder. However, in Luo Zheng's ears, this voice seemed to be even more powerful than thunder. His expression immediately changed, and layers of killing intent appeared between his brows!
So it was like this. This huge face should be that person's Zhen Yuan projection!
Luo Zheng's eyes stared at this huge face. He wanted to firmly remember this face, as if he was using a carving knife to carve it into his mind!
This person was the one who wanted to set up the Demonic Joyous Union Formation! He was the one who wanted to take away Luo Yan's Vital Yin!
Looking at the huge face and sensing the pressure emanating from it, Luo Zheng felt that he was so tiny. Perhaps he was even smaller than an ant in front of this huge face, and he didn't even have the qualifications to be noticed and stared at by this huge face.
No one knew what Shi Jingtian said to the huge face, but after that, the huge face turned to Luo Yan. "Hmph, the speed of her improvement is too slow. I'll give you one month, bring her to me! I have a way to help her break through to the Divine Core realm! "
When many warriors heard this, they were struck dumb once again …
Was the Divine Core realm something that could be broken through just because one wanted to?
A warrior had to go through countless hardships and spend countless years in order to break through to the Divine Reflection realm. As for those who broke through to the Divine Reflection realm, they were one in a million, and they were powerful enough to dominate an entire region in the Eastern Region.
Divine Core realm?
Any warrior who broke through to the Divine Core realm was a supreme existence in the Eastern Region.
The number of Divine Core warriors in the Eastern Region could be counted with one hand, and some could even be counted with one hand.
But, this huge face was so confident that he could help Luo Yan break through to the Divine Core realm? No matter how great Luo Yan's innate talent was, in order to break through to the Divine Core realm, he would still need some extraordinary methods.
But, no one thought that this huge face was just boasting. For someone who possessed such incredible methods to say something so unbelievable, it actually made everyone feel that it was reasonable …
Many disciples from the Blue Cloud Sect had envious looks in their eyes. Being able to break through to the Divine Core realm was the same as becoming the king of the Eastern Region, and this was the dream of many people.
But too bad, while those disciples from the Blue Cloud Sect had such thoughts, Luo Yan didn't.
After hearing what the big face said, Luo Yan was startled for three breaths of time, then she immediately threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms. Her petite body was still trembling.
When she was imprisoned in the Purgatory Mountain, Luo Yan knew what her fate would be, but she wasn't afraid, because she wasn't afraid of death. If Luo Yan didn't want to die, she would just find a chance to end her life! At least, she would be able to keep her chastity!
At that time, Luo Yan was completely disheartened. Her life was gray and white, and she couldn't see any hope. That was why she wasn't afraid of anything.
But now, Luo Yan saw hope, and this hope was brought to her by her big brother.
Once a person saw hope, they would hope that this hope would continue, and eventually, their dreams would come true. At the same time, a true fear would emerge in her heart. She was afraid that everything she saw would suddenly disappear.
That was why Luo Yan was trembling in fear!
Luo Zheng felt like he was hugging a trembling deer, and he could feel the fear in her heart.
"Yan 'er, don't be scared! I am here. "Luo Zheng calmly looked at the giant face in the sky. He understood clearly that a giant roadblock had appeared in his path as a martial artist.
This roadblock was something he had to clear! This person was someone he had to kill!
It was unknown what Shi Jingtian said to that person, but that person immediately said, "En, very good. If I don't see Luo Yan in a month, hehe, then this little Blue Cloud Sect will disappear from this world!" After saying this, the two eyes on that giant face focused on Xiao Yufeng.
Luo Zheng felt Luo Yan's back go rigid. She clearly sensed that person's gaze. Meanwhile, Luo Zheng didn't avoid it in the slightest. His eyes flickered with starry radiance as he stared at that giant face.

Chapter 338
In Luo Zheng's opinion, the sneer on the gigantic face was directed at him!
When a cultivator reached his level of cultivation, his status would be unimaginably high. Perhaps, for a man like him, women weren't that important.
As long as he wanted to, he could gather three thousand, or even thirty thousand harem girls, and every single one of them was a stunning beauty!
This man didn't care about Luo Yan's beauty, he wanted to take Luo Yan's Vital Yin for the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, and for his cultivation.
Perhaps this man had misunderstood when he saw Luo Yan hugging Luo Yan. But, a man like this wouldn't care about an ant like Luo Zheng.
The sneer was filled with disdain, disdain, indifference, and indifference!
After the gigantic face disappeared, Luo Yan finally raised her head. She was surprised by her own reaction. It had been a long time since she was this scared of something. Perhaps, she would only feel this weak when she was with her brother.
"Brother, what should we do? I don't want to be captured by him! "Luo Yan furrowed her brows and said.
This wasn't something Luo Zheng could stop.
In fact, he couldn't even bring Luo Yan away from the Blue Cloud Sect. First of all, there was no way Luo Zheng could break through Shi Jingtian's trial with his current strength. Also, the man who projected the gigantic face had left a mark on Luo Yan's body. Even if Luo Zheng brought Luo Yan to the ends of the earth, they still wouldn't be able to escape from this man's pursuit!
"Yan 'er, before you break through to the Divine Core realm, that man won't do anything to you. What you need to do now is wait." Luo Zheng stared at Luo Yan's immature face. His eyes were filled with conviction. He wanted to calm Luo Yan down.
"Wait, wait for me to kill him." Luo Zheng said with a cold voice.
"Kill him …"
Facing such a mighty warrior, no one would be able to resist him. But, Luo Zheng still believed he could do it.
Was that even possible?
Perhaps her brother was just trying to comfort her, Luo Yan thought to herself.
Perhaps the man just now was one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain. Their methods were unpredictable, and they could easily destroy mountains and rivers. They were the true emperors of the world of cultivators!
It was like Luo Zheng was just an ant, but he was determined to challenge a lion. Not only that, he was going to kill the lion, he was also going to kill the lion. How could that be possible?
Although Luo Yan didn't believe it in her heart, she still nodded with a slight smile on her face, but her smile was somewhat forced.
How could Luo Zheng not see through Luo Yan's thoughts? This girl didn't know how to disguise her feelings at all. Luo Zheng reached out and rubbed Luo Yan's head. He smiled and said, "What's wrong? You don't believe me? Back then, when you were in Purgatory Mountain, did you believe I could reach this step? Do you believe I can bring you out of Purgatory Mountain? "
. Luo Yan curled her lips. She thought for a bit, and then her large eyes blinked twice. "I don't!"
"You only choose to believe me when it happens. Yan 'er, turns out you don't trust your brother that much?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's words made a bit of sense, but they weren't completely correct. Luo Zheng indeed created an unimaginable miracle. How could Luo Yan not understand this?
However, if Luo Zheng wanted to replicate this miracle in the Central Domain, the difficulty would be a hundred times greater!
Against an expert of that level, even if a hundred Shi Jingtians were stacked together, they still might not be a match.
"Yan 'er, look into my eyes." Luo Zheng stared into Luo Yan's eyes. Then, with an incomparably serious tone, he said, "I swear on my martial dao heart that there is not a single bit of falsehood in my words. He is someone I, Luo Zheng, must kill!"
"Ah …" Luo Yan covered her mouth. "Brother, there is no need to swear on your martial dao heart …"
This type of oath wasn't something that could be randomly made. If Luo Zheng couldn't fulfill it in the future, then this oath would become a demonic barrier in his path of martial dao cultivation. Unless he could fulfill this oath, his strength wouldn't be able to advance even an inch in the future!
That was why very few martial artists were willing to swear on their martial dao heart.
However, Luo Zheng understood clearly that the owner of that giant face had already become an obstacle for Luo Zheng, an obstacle he had to eliminate before reaching the peak of martial dao. An additional oath or one less oath wouldn't make much of a difference. He would still kill him, and only then would he be able to walk further on the path of martial dao.
This oath was only to make his younger sister feel at ease.
Clap clap clap clap! Shi Jingtian clapped his hands as he descended from the sky. Su Lingyun also came along with him. Su Lingyun was originally halfway up the mountain. When she saw the strange scene and heard the words of the giant face, she naturally knew that it was targeting Luo Yan. That was why she rushed over in the Flying Chariot.
"Good, very good, not bad! The disciples of my Blue Cloud Sect are indeed heroic! Little Ling Yun, you really have good eyesight to be able to choose such a good seedling into the Xiao Yufeng! "Shi Jingtian laughed heartily.
"Sect Leader Shi," Luo Zheng stood up and bowed.
Shi Jingtian nodded and said, "I think you have already heard what that person said."
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"This person's strength is too strong. I, Shi Jingtian, can't go against him. That's why I can only take Luo Yan away and personally deliver Luo Yan to him. I hope that Luo Zheng won't blame me for not being able to protect Luo Yan," Shi Jingtian said as he shook his head.
"Sect Leader Shi is too far-fetched. How can I blame you for this kind of thing …" Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
"Although you have sworn on your martial dao heart to kill him, and I, Shi Jingtian, agree with you, I still want to remind you that the difficulty is too high … In the Central Domain, there are still a few people who are on par with him. However, I'm afraid it's impossible to find the person who killed him," Shi Jingtian shook his head.
No one in the Central Domain could kill him?
Shi Jingtian's words caused Luo Zheng to be slightly shocked. This meant that this person was a top expert in the Central Domain.
It was possible to determine the victor between top experts, but it was difficult to kill each other. After all, martial artists weren't wooden dummies or demonic beasts. Top experts weren't only strong, but their ability to escape was also very strong. In a situation where both sides were top experts, if one of them only wanted to escape, it was indeed difficult to kill him.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes didn't dim at all. After a slight shock, his eyes shone again. This was a kind of confidence that flowed out from his bones!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still full of confidence and fighting spirit, Shi Jingtian was very impressed.
Although Shi Jingtian was many times stronger than Luo Zheng, he also didn't dare to breathe too loudly in front of this big shot. It couldn't be helped. Martial artists were like this. If they were weak, they could only choose to lower their heads and protect themselves. If they were weak and didn't know how to judge the situation, they would usually die …
Luo Zheng knew the difference in strength between him and that person, but he still maintained his confidence. This meant that Luo Zheng's martial dao heart was much stronger than he imagined. The stronger the martial dao heart, the further he could walk on this path!
"Sect Leader Shi, I have another question," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Ask away!" Shi Jingtian nodded.
"That person, what is his name?" Luo Zheng asked.
"His name?" Shi Jingtian thought for a moment and said, "In the Central Domain, he has a title called Eastern Evil King! However, his real name is Cui Xie! "
"Eastern Evil King, Cui Xie." Luo Zheng repeated this name and nodded. "Thank you for telling me, Sect Leader Shi."
Because of Cui Xie's order, the excuse of cultivating in Purgatory Mountain was no longer useful. Shi Jingtian had no choice but to send Luo Yan out of the Blue Cloud Sect. This made even the sect leader a bit depressed. As the sect leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't have the ability to protect his own disciple. This was also something that he couldn't do anything about.
Shi Jingtian's strength was much greater than Luo Zheng's. He was also much more powerful. The higher he stood, the further he could see. He clearly understood how terrifying Cui Xie was.
However, Luo Zheng had an advantage that Shi Jingtian couldn't compare to. Luo Zheng was extremely young, and he still had limitless potential to be unearthed. The wheel of fortune was unpredictable. Everything depended on Luo Zheng's luck.
Meanwhile, Luo Zheng's first step was the Blue Clouds Road trial. It would depend on what kind of achievements he could obtain in the Blue Clouds Road, and whether or not he could obtain the Cloud Hall's support.
The next morning, on the Blue Sky Platform, Luo Yan turned around with every step. Her eyes were full of longing for Luo Zheng.
She clearly already stepped onto the giant Flying Chariot's flight of stairs, but she suddenly turned around and ran over to hug her older brother.
Ever since they were ten years old, the two of them had been apart more and less together. After parting this time, it was unknown when they would meet again!
Even though she was reluctant to part, Luo Yan still stepped onto the giant Flying Chariot and slowly rose into the air.
When she looked down from the Flying Chariot's glass window, Luo Yan was a bit stupefied. However, Luo Zheng gently waved his hand and made a gesture …
Luo Yan had already seen this gesture in Purgatory Mountain. Luo Yan obviously knew what it meant.

Chapter 339
Following Luo Zheng's training, his mind slowly became stronger and calmer. He was no longer as impulsive and easily angered as he was in the past.
Luo Yan's departure caused Luo Zheng's heart to be filled with sorrow. However, he quickly suppressed these emotions in the depths of his heart.
A few days later, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao gathered at the Green Cloud Sect. The time for the Green Cloud Road Trial had finally arrived.
The three of them had different attitudes towards this day. Hua Tianming was looking forward to it. He had long been looking forward to the Central Domain. He was very eager to take this step and go to the vast world to hone his sword. As for Pei Tianyao, he was hopeful. As the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King, he needed to obtain an even greater inheritance.
As for Luo Zheng, it was inevitable! It was like a toddler who had to take the first step!
"The three of you, come with me!" After Shi Jingtian walked out of the Blue Cloud Sect, he casually waved his hand and brought the three of them with him. He then flew in a certain direction.
They originally thought that the path to the Green Cloud Road would be like Luo Yan's, taking a giant flying chariot to the Central Domain.
After all, the Eastern Domain was too far away … Even if the giant flying chariot flew at full speed, it would still take half a month to cross the vast mountains in the middle.
They didn't expect Shi Jingtian to bring the three of them and fly in a completely opposite direction.
After a while, a mountain appeared in front of the three of them. This mountain was one of the mountains in the Blue Cloud Sect. However, this mountain's name was unknown. It seemed that the Blue Cloud Sect didn't use this mountain. There weren't any buildings on the mountain either. It was just an ordinary mountain.
However, just as they arrived in front of this mountain, Shi Jingtian brought the three of them down and instantly landed at the foot of the mountain.
The three of them were puzzled. They didn't know what Shi Jingtian was trying to do. Here? Could it be that the legendary Green Cloud Road was hidden in this mountain? Or could it be that there was some mystery in this mountain?
"Follow me." Shi Jingtian did not explain and led the way.
He followed Shi Jingtian all the way to the mountain wall. Shi Jingtian waved his hand and the shadow on the mountain wall slowly disappeared. A huge cave appeared on the mountain wall.
The four of them entered the cave and walked along the long passageway to the end. Suddenly, everything opened up. It turned out that the end of the passageway was a huge circular space.
In the middle of this circular space, there was a platform with a width of one zhang and a height of two feet. The platform was engraved with all kinds of runes. Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao did not recognize these runes, but they found six crystal stones around the platform!
"What kind of stone is this? There was actually such a pure True Essence contained within! Could it be … "Hua Tianming said in shock.
Pei Tianyao was also shocked by the rich True Qi inside the crystal stone. His calm eyes revealed a surprised look.
Luo Zheng forced a smile and said, "These are True Essence Stones, and they are top grade True Essence Stones!"
"The grade is top grade?" Hua Tianming took a deep breath. Hua Tianming already had the idea of exploring the Central Domain, so he had a deep understanding of the things in the Central Domain. He knew that the Central Domain was rich in True Essence Stones, but he did not expect these to be top grade True Essence Stones.
Luo Zheng said with certainty, "Yes, these are top grade True Essence Stones. It is said that the value of one top grade True Essence Stone is equivalent to one million square crystal stones. Hehe, these six top grade True Essence Stones are equivalent to six million square crystal stones! Are these top grade True Essence Stones used to activate this illusion array? "
"You are right. This is why activating the Blue Clouds Road requires one million points. Two million square crystal stones is the cost of activating the Blue Clouds Road once." Shi Jingtian said with a smile, "However, Luo Zheng is wrong about one thing. These top grade True Essence Stones do not activate the illusion array. The illusion array only needs to consume square crystal stones. This is a transmission array. It can send us to the Blue Clouds Road that is ten thousand li away."
"Transmission array?" Hua Tianming and the others were stunned.
Legend had it that the peerless masters of this world could move through space and use the Heaven and Earth Great Shift. They could use their bare hands to take things that were a million li away. They could also send a person a million li away in an instant.
However, that was something that only the peerless masters could do. Now, there was a transmission array in front of them that could send them a hundred thousand li away!
Seeing the astonished gazes of the three, Shi Jingtian explained, "This kind of transmission array may be very rare in the Eastern Domain, so you are surprised. In fact, it is a very common thing in the Central Domain. This transmission array relies on a stable array after all. It can only send you to the corresponding location. It is fundamentally different from the Heaven and Earth Great Shift that the peerless masters can use at will."
So that's how it is …
Hua Tianming nodded. This was also the reason why he wanted to go to the Central Domain. The Central Domain was too prosperous. In comparison, the warriors of the Eastern Domain were like country bumpkins.
It was like the grassroots warriors of the Burning Sky Empire entering the Burning Sky Empire's capital. The Flying Chariots that were almost extinct in the lower counties were everywhere in the Burning Sky Empire's capital.
"Alright, it's about time. All of you come in!" After Shi Jingtian finished speaking, he took the lead and walked onto the stone platform, stepping on the runes.
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao followed closely behind.
"This is your first time using a transmission array. It will be a little uncomfortable. Try to stay close to me!" Shi Jingtian warned.
In fact, what Shi Jingtian wanted to say was that this transmission array had been around for a long time. The transmission array was a little dilapidated, so the transmission channel was not very stable. It would be dangerous to go through the transmission channel.
It was indeed something that could not be helped. The Eastern Domain was located in a remote area, so it was difficult for the Cloud Hall to pay attention to it. When the transmission array was first built, they gave a lot of face to the Blue Cloud Sect and reluctantly built it. After it was built, it was continuously used for so many years. It was because of the lack of maintenance that it was in its current state.
The three of them did not suspect anything and stayed close to Shi Jingtian. Then, Shi Jingtian waved his hand and the six top-grade True Meta Stones around the platform suddenly emitted a pure light. It was the light emitted by the burning True Origin.
This kind of pure energy was very dazzling, but it did not make people's eyes uncomfortable. It gave people a very amiable feeling.
After all, the True Origin from these True Meta Stones could be directly absorbed by the warriors.
Hua Tianming could not help but absorb the True Origin from the top-grade True Meta Stones. When Shi Jingtian saw this, he quickly stopped him and said, "Hey, hey, this True Origin is used to drive the transmission array."
Hua Tianming was shocked and quickly stopped absorbing the True Origin. He rubbed his head embarrassedly and revealed an awkward smile.
Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao smiled at each other. In fact, they also had the same impulse.
At this moment, the light shone brightly and the four of them entered a passage …
"Is this the space channel?" Luo Zheng floated in the air and looked at everything around him.
The space channel was blue from top to bottom and left to right. The four of them were constantly shuttling forward at a very high speed. However, Luo Zheng could not estimate the speed of the shuttling. In this kind of environment, the concept of space had completely disappeared. He only knew that he was moving very fast.
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were also very curious. Most people who stepped into a transmission array for the first time would be very curious.
However, after shuttling for about an incense stick's worth of time, a bright blue light suddenly appeared in front of them.
"What is that?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
Shi Jingtian looked at it and his face changed. He immediately said, "All of you, stay behind me! That is a space storm! "
Although they did not know what a space storm was, Luo Zheng and the others knew that this thing's power was definitely not small. At least, it was not something they could resist.
Even Shi Jingtian did not want to encounter a space storm. In fact, they would not encounter a space storm every time they passed through the transmission array. It was just that they were not that lucky this time.
Facing the space storm, Shi Jingtian's burly body suddenly swelled up. A little yellow True Origin gathered on the surface of his body and quickly spread out.
"Ha!" Shi Jingtian roared. The yellow True Origin expanded more than ten times and formed a huge True Origin Shield. At the same time, the space storm hit him head-on!
"Zi Zi Zi …"
The space storm kept tearing Shi Jingtian's True Origin Shield. The sound it made was very strange. It was like the sound of electric current.
Shi Jingtian's True Origin Shield kept bursting out. He wanted to use his True Origin Shield to resist the space storm.
Shi Jingtian was having a hard time resisting it. At this moment, Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming did not even dare to breathe loudly! This thing was too scary. If they were not careful and got sucked in, their bodies would be turned into ashes!
However, Luo Zheng's eyes did not move. He was staring at the space storm.
"Luo Zheng, what are you looking at?" Hua Tianming asked softly.
Pei Tianyao also looked at Luo Zheng strangely. Although the space storm was beautiful, it was uncomfortable to look at it for too long.
Who would have thought that when Luo Zheng was facing the spatial storm, a bright blue storm would suddenly pierce through Shi Jingtian's Quintessential Essence shield like a lightning bolt and shoot directly into Luo Zheng's eyes!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 340
Suddenly, a snake-like bolt of lightning shot out from the bright blue storm. Even Shi Jingtian's thick True Yuan shield was unable to stop it!
Shi Jingtian's strength was unquestionable. Even he was afraid of the Spatial Storm.
If Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming's strength came into contact with it, they would have been turned into ashes by now!
Therefore, at this moment, even Shi Jingtian was in a daze. He could not figure out how the Spatial Storm could penetrate his True Yuan Shield without any resistance.
Shi Jingtian was in a daze, while Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were so scared that their faces turned pale.
As the top geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect, the two of them did not lack experience. They had experienced all kinds of dangers and even climbed back from the edge of life and death.
However, they did not want to die so unjustly. It would be too unlucky if they were killed by the Spatial Storm while passing through the Transmission Array.
They stared blankly at the Spatial Storm that shot into Luo Zheng's eyes. Would Luo Zheng's head be blown up?
A strange scene appeared. After the Spatial Storm shot into Luo Zheng's eyes, Luo Zheng did not have any reaction. Instead, his originally bright eyes emitted a little blue light.
"What's going on?"
"Luo Zheng, are you okay?"
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao asked softly. They were afraid that if they were too loud, they would disturb the dense Spatial Storm in front of them.
Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with confusion. Facing Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao's questions, he only reacted after a while. He stuttered and said, "I don't know what's going on … I was just staring at the Spatial Storm and this happened."
Just looking at it casually caused such an inexplicable thing to happen? Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming did not believe it.
Luo Zheng really didn't do anything. He was just very curious about the spatial storm. He wanted to see what mysteries were hidden in the spatial storm.
But all of a sudden, he was immersed in a strange state. It was a feeling of enlightenment. It was like when someone learned arithmetic and suddenly figured out a way to solve it. The originally complicated and obscure rules of the Nine Palaces Arithmetic were straightened out by themselves, and then they solved the complicated problem in one go.
"I seem … I seem to have a slight understanding of those space storms. I can see the rules of their arrangement, but it's not clear enough …" Luo Zheng's eyes were still a little confused. He spoke with some uncertainty, but he found that he seemed to have changed a little.
Originally, the spatial storm was a mess. It was composed of countless lightning-like spatial threads mixed together. But now, Luo Zheng could see that although these spatial threads were messy, they were actually arranged according to a certain rule.
However, Luo Zheng could only see a trace of the arrangement rules. Perhaps it was only one in a million, or even one in ten million!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Shi Jingtian, who was concentrating on stabilizing his Qi shield, suddenly trembled! He turned around to look at Luo Zheng. Shi Jingtian, who had always been as calm as a mountain, had a look of disbelief in his eyes.
"What? Luo Zheng, you said you saw the arrangement rules of the spatial storm? "Shi Jingtian couldn't suppress the shock in his heart. His voice was slightly trembling.
Luo Zheng nodded, but then he shook his head. "It's just a little, just a little. I can't understand most of it. I can only see a small part of it!"
A little bit …
The storm in Shi Jingtian's heart was not smaller than the spatial storm outside.
This was the rules of space. How could this kid see through it with just a glance? Although it was just a little bit, wasn't it too abnormal?
The rules of space already involved the original rules of this world.
In fact, the rules of space and time were everywhere. When people woke up every day, time would pass. When they left their beds to walk, space would change.
Space and time were two things that accompanied a person's life all the time.
However, space was very stable at this time. People could feel the existence of space. As for the rules of space … it was impossible to comprehend them. You could see through the concept of a mountain, but you couldn't comprehend the concept of space by looking at the sky.
However, it was different in the teleportation array. The teleportation array broke through space and established a spatial channel with another teleportation array. This spatial channel was forcefully opened by the energy of a top-grade True Meta Stone. Therefore, the spatial channel wasn't stable.
An unstable spatial channel was prone to flaws. In fact, the spatial storm was formed when the spatial channel was broken and the energy overflowed.
The spatial storm formed by the short-distance teleportation array couldn't even be called a real spatial storm. It was said that the spatial storm formed by the long-distance teleportation array was very terrifying. Even a person like Shi Jingtian would be turned into ashes in an instant when he encountered such a spatial storm.
Since the spatial storm was a flaw in space, it could be seen through by others and even comprehend the rules of space.
Maybe …
It was just a possibility. Trying to find the 'little bit' of rules that Luo Zheng mentioned in the chaotic spatial storm was harder than ascending to heaven. With Shi Jingtian's experience, he had never heard of anyone who could do it!
Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng had done it. Although he doubted Luo Zheng's words, there was indeed a trace of the spatial storm that broke through his True Meta Shield and entered Luo Zheng's eyes.
His Zhen Yuan shield was thick and solid, so it was impossible for it to have any loopholes. Otherwise, the Space Storm would have already killed Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming.
Therefore, Shi Jingtian analyzed that the bright blue thing wasn't a spatial storm, but … a trace of the rules of space.
Shi Jingtian was speechless that Luo Zheng could comprehend a trace of the rules of space after passing through an old teleportation array.
On the contrary, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao didn't understand the meaning behind it. They weren't as shocked as Sect Leader Shi. They were wondering why Shi Jingtian's expression was so strange.
It would be strange if Shi Jingtian's expression wasn't strange.
Shi Jingtian remembered that the Cloud Hall once released a mission. This mission was very difficult. With Shi Jingtian's strength, he couldn't complete it. He estimated that even if his strength was doubled, he would still have a 20% chance of completing the mission. However, there was an 80% chance that he would lose his life.
It was such a dangerous and difficult mission. After completing it, the reward was to enter the Cloud Hall's' Sumeru Space 'to comprehend for ten days.
The 'Sumeru Space' was an independent space created by the Cloud Hall. It was different from the independent space in the Sumeru Ring. That special Sumeru Space could allow living people to enter.
In the Sumeru Space, there was a broken stone inscription. This stone inscription contained a trace of the rules of space.
For such a difficult mission to comprehend this stone inscription for ten days, the price was too high!
What was worse was that this stone inscription contained very little of the rules of space. It was extremely difficult to comprehend the rules of space through this stone inscription! Out of a thousand people who entered the Sumeru Space, perhaps only two or three of them would be able to comprehend the rules of space.
These thousand people were all qualified to enter the Sumeru Space because they had the strength to complete a mission of that level.
Their strength was far stronger than Shi Jingtian's, and each of them was a peerless genius …
From this, one could see how precious the rules of space were. Being able to comprehend a trace of the rules of space was extremely beneficial to oneself! So many warriors who were stronger than Shi Jingtian were scrambling for it!
However, today, he had only taken Luo Zheng to the transmission array once, and Luo Zheng had comprehended the rules of space.
At this moment, Shi Jingtian was really jealous of Luo Zheng. He didn't even know if he was jealous of Luo Zheng's luck or Luo Zheng's talent.
Xiantian stage three, Sword Spirit Transformation, and comprehended a trace of the rules of space. Thinking back to when he was at Xiantian stage three, he didn't even know what he was doing! He could only say that this guy was too monstrous. How could he let others live?
"Sect Master, Luo Zheng said that he had seen through a bit of the rules. What is it?" Hua Tianming was curious when he saw the shocked expression in Shi Jingtian's eyes.
"Ahem, ahem." Shi Jingtian coughed twice. He decided not to explain it to them. The Qingyun Road trial was about to begin. If he told them about it, he was afraid that it would affect Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao. It would affect their performance. It was better not to tell them …

Chapter 341
The earlier one comprehended the power of law, the better.
Even Luo Zheng didn't understand what it meant to comprehend a trace of the law of space.
After the four of them passed through the teleportation channel, the light around them suddenly disappeared. They had arrived at their destination.
The other platform of the teleportation array was placed on top of a small mountain. Around the small mountain was a stretch of ruins.
These ruins had been corroded for thousands of years and had basically collapsed. However, one could still vaguely tell that these ruins used to be a huge palace.
Shi Jingtian swept the three of them up and left the teleportation platform. They flew into the air and traveled through the ruins.
Soon, a dozen black dots appeared in the sky. Those black dots quickly grew larger and larger. It was a group of people.
The leader of the group had unfathomable strength. Luo Zheng felt that he was on par with Shi Jingtian. Behind him were eight or nine people who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. However, the aura they exuded was extraordinary. It was obvious that they were peak existences in the same realm.
"Old Shi, haha. You came so early this year?" The leader greeted from afar.
Seeing that person, Shi Jingtian sneered. He clearly didn't have a good impression of this person.
The leader was called Wei Yulong. He had the same position as Shi Jingtian and was a deacon of the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall was a fourth-grade sect in the Central Domain. There were many first-grade and second-grade sects that sent talents to the Cloud Hall. For example, the Blue Cloud Sect was a second-grade sect under the Cloud Hall. Shi Jingtian was both the sect master of the Blue Cloud Sect and a deacon of the Cloud Hall.
Wei Yulong was the sect master of a second-grade sect called the Drifting Cloud Sect.
Although the Drifting Cloud Sect and the Azure Cloud Sect were both second-grade sects, the status of the two second-grade sects in the Cloud Hall was completely different. This could be seen from the number of people who participated in the trial.
Wei Yulong was the leader of the group from the Drifting Cloud Sect. There were a total of nine people behind him. These nine disciples were all juniors who had just entered the Divine Illumination Realm. Clearly, they were all here to participate in the trial by fire.
Other than Shi Jingtian, there were only three other people from the Blue Cloud Sect …
Even if Shi Jingtian didn't explain, Hua Tianming and the rest were aware of the gap between them.
In fact, although the Drifting Cloud Sect was a second-rank sect like the Blue Cloud Sect, the Drifting Cloud Sect was a sect in the Central Domain. The Central Domain was rich, had a large population, and was many times larger than the Eastern Domain. Naturally, it had more talents.
Therefore, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples were also stronger, so the Cloud Hall naturally gave out more slots than the Blue Cloud Sect.
One couldn't blame the Cloud Hall for being biased. Resources would always be tilted towards the stronger side. For example, when the Lone Sky Peak participated in the Peak Tournament, there were dozens of people from the Lone Sky Peak, but there were only eight people from the entire Xiao Yufeng Peak. This was because of the difference in strength.
Wei Yulong and Shi Jingtian had a certain competitive relationship. They were both deacons of the Cloud Hall. Whoever could recommend more geniuses to the Cloud Hall would have more merits.
Previously, Wei Yulong had been fiercely suppressing Shi Jingtian. His Drifting Cloud Sect was far superior to the Blue Cloud Sect in terms of both numbers and quality.
However, a turning point appeared in the opening of the last Trial Tester's Road. In the last Trial Tester's Road, Li Yifeng appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect.
At that time, Li Yifeng swept through the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples in an almost invincible manner. He should have achieved a good result in the trial by fire. Shi Jingtian also had high hopes that he could suppress the Drifting Cloud Sect. In the end, Li Yifeng actually fell asleep in the trial by fire.
Because of this, Wei Yulong and the others mocked Shi Jingtian for a long time. Therefore, Shi Jingtian didn't like Li Yifeng.
The results of the trial by fire were very important to the Sect Masters of the second-grade sects. This was because the number of disciples they recommended for the Cloud Hall and the level of their geniuses were very important. The number of disciples who passed the trial by fire and the quality of their results would directly affect the assessment, evaluation, and various rewards of the Cloud Hall for the Sect Masters.
Shi Jingtian didn't say anything, but that didn't mean that Wei Yulong wouldn't say anything. He sized up the three people that Shi Jingtian brought with him and a trace of ridicule suddenly appeared on his face. "Brother Shi, did I see wrongly? In the past three years, the Blue Cloud Sect seems to be getting worse and worse. Has their talent withered to such an extent? "
Shi Jingtian's team only had one Divine Reflection Realm expert, and that was Pei Tianyao. Hua Tianming was at the peak of the Xiantian Realm. Luo Zheng was even more exaggerated, at the peak of the Xiantian Realm. Was this guy here to be funny?
"I just noticed it. Oh my god, can the Blue Cloud Sect still be considered a second-grade sect? Don't they have hundreds of thousands of disciples? Can't they even find three Divine Reflection Realm experts? "
"That's probably the case. The east side is a desolate land. Martial artists from that small place are probably at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm."
"The funniest thing is that they are only at the peak of the Xiantian Realm. Haha, a peak of the Xiantian Realm. With this kind of strength, even our Drifting Cloud Sect's inner court disciples can't enter the Path of the Blue Cloud Sect. I really envy them. If I had known earlier, I would have let my little brother register at the Blue Cloud Sect. He would have definitely swept through the Blue Cloud Sect and entered the Path of the Cultivators. Unfortunately, my little brother's strength is only a little lower than mine, so he couldn't enter the top ten. He has no chance of entering the Path of the Cultivators … Damn, these idiots from the Blue Cloud Sect are really lucky."
After Wei Yulong finished speaking, the nine disciples behind him also began to discuss.
Shi Jingtian didn't have a good temper. The reason why he didn't say anything was because he remembered that he had bragged too much during the Path of the Cultivators. He had vowed that Li Yifeng would obtain first place, but in the end, he had become a joke. This time, he simply didn't say anything! Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao, none of them were easy to deal with. He would have to wait until their results were out.
But, did those idiots from the Drifting Cloud Sect really think they were Bodhisattvas? Just a few little Divine Reflection brats, how dare they criticize the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect in front of daddy? Shi Jingtian was a very protective person. For example, when Luo Yan was taken away, if it was any other Sect Chief, they would think it was natural, because it was something that couldn't be stopped. However, Shi Jingtian was blaming himself for it.
"Hmph, you bunch of juniors, don't you know you'll have to pay the price for talking nonsense?" Shi Jingtian coldly harrumphed, then he unleashed his powerful energy and enveloped the nine disciples from the Drifting Cloud Sect.
The expressions of the nine disciples from the Drifting Cloud Sect changed. Shi Jingtian was a Divine Core warrior, and his aura was powerful enough to crush anyone to death.
However, Wei Yulong waved his hand and unleashed a yellow barrier that blocked half of Shi Jingtian's energy. After that, he said with a smile on his face, "Brother Shi, those juniors were just talking nonsense, don't take it seriously. Why bother arguing with them?"
When Wei Yulong called them juniors, he easily brushed this matter aside. Of course, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao wouldn't let Shi Jingtian suffer any losses.
However, Luo Zheng had taken first place in the All-Peak Competition, and the three of them had taken Luo Zheng as their backbone. Therefore, both of them turned their attention to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had been in a daze ever since he walked out of the formation. He kept looking around, and no one knew what he was looking at.
Luo Zheng was in a daze right now. After he had seen through the Spatial Laws, he didn't notice anything strange when he was in the portal. But, when he walked out of the portal, a strange thing happened.
He could sense that the space around him had undergone a huge change in his field of vision.
It was as if the outline of every object had deepened, giving them a more three-dimensional feeling. Luo Zheng was now able to accurately determine their length, width, and height …
This was probably the effect of his understanding of the Spatial Laws. Although it didn't seem to have much effect on him, Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess, and he couldn't concentrate.
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng!" Hua Tianming patted Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"What?" Only now did Luo Zheng realize what had happened.
When the crowd saw Luo Zheng's silly reaction, the disciples from the Drifting Cloud Sect immediately burst into laughter.
"Hahaha, this little guy of Xiantian third stage looks so silly, I think there is something wrong with his brain!"
"I guess so. I wonder how a guy with a brain problem like him can participate in the trial?"

Chapter 342
Shi Jingtian had a look of disdain on his face when he heard the group of Illuminating God realm disciples mocking Luo Zheng. He knew why Luo Zheng was in a daze. Thinking of this, he said loudly, "Before mocking others, you have to look at your own strength first. Luo Zheng, you just passed through the space storm and felt a trace of space rule, right? It's normal for you to feel a little dizzy when looking at things. Once you get used to it, there won't be any problem. This space rule is something that even old guys like us are envious of. You have to consolidate this trace of space rule and then use it well! "
Luo Zheng nodded and replied, "Disciple understands."
"What?" Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Wei Yulong was shocked and stared at Luo Zheng. From Shi Jingtian's tone, it didn't seem like he was lying. Moreover, he had heard that there were some extremely talented disciples in this world who could comprehend space rule in the space channel. There were even some monstrous geniuses who practiced space rule through the space storm.
However, Wei Yulong immediately shook his head and said with a smile, "Brother Shi, I don't believe your words!" He was very clear about what it meant to comprehend a trace of heaven and earth rule. Even people like him and Shi Jingtian couldn't come in contact with this level of heaven and earth rule, let alone practice it.
Shi Jingtian shrugged his shoulders and said, "Wei Yulong, I'm not saying this for you to hear. No one is forcing you to believe me."
"Bullshit, that's impossible!"
"I don't believe that a Xiantian third stage can comprehend space rule!"
After all, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples were from the central region, and they were quite knowledgeable. Many of them had heard of the Spatial Law, and it was not something they could come into contact with at their level. As for Luo Zheng, it was even more impossible for him to come into contact with it. They thought that Shi Jingtian had lost face and deliberately said such words to save his face.
In fact, Wei Yulong also thought so.
"Bullshit?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Although he was dizzy a moment ago, it didn't mean that he didn't hear Wei Yulong and his disciples mocking the Blue Cloud Sect. Shi Jingtian held his breath. As a disciple, he naturally had to stand up for them.
Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Since this junior can say whatever he wants, then as a junior, I can say whatever I want as well. In my opinion, your Drifting Cloud Sect is worse than trash. You have nine Illuminating Spirit Realm cultivators, but you have quantity but no quality. Not a single one of you is a match for me. All of you will be kneeling on the ground looking for teeth!"
.... "Luo Zheng's words.......................... . I like..
Shi Jingtian was a bold person and he couldn't stand cowardly people. Luo Zheng's words had helped them regain their dignity. Naturally, Shi Jingtian was satisfied with the outcome.
...........................
If Pei Tianyao had said such words, the Drifting Cloud Sect disciples wouldn't have been so angry. But since when did a Xiantian third stage disciple have the right to jump around?
"Blue Cloud Sect's boy, who do you think you are? You dare to call us trash? If you have the ability, then let's exchange pointers when we reach the destination. If you don't have the guts to accept this challenge, then it shows that you have nothing but a big mouth! Bullshit! "
"Hey, a Xiantian third stage disciple calling a Illuminating God realm disciple trash? How ironic! It seems that we can only exchange pointers to prove it! "
The Drifting Cloud Sect disciples suddenly shouted. Obviously, they wouldn't give up until they found Luo Zheng to fight.
Shi Jingtian and Wei Yulong didn't speak. Both sides were planning to let their juniors come forward and suppress the opposing juniors!
At this time, Hua Tianming stood in front of them and said, "Luo Zheng is the champion of our All-Peak Competition. He is also the number one disciple of our Blue Cloud Sect. I will accept your challenge first. If you can't even get past me, then don't even think about challenging Luo Zheng!"
"What? That boy is still the number one disciple of your Blue Cloud Sect? "
The Drifting Cloud Sect disciples were stunned again.
What was going on with this Blue Cloud Sect? Was their strength calculated in reverse?
In their opinion, the strongest among the three disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect was undoubtedly Pei Tianyao, followed by Hua Tianming, and finally, the Xiantian third stage boy.
But Hua Tianming suddenly said that Luo Zheng was the number one disciple …
This was beyond common sense, and they couldn't accept it.
"Hmph, that's fine. Let's deal with this boy with a sword on his back first and then trample on that Xiantian third stage guy!" A bald disciple of the Drifting Cloud Sect who had just entered the Illuminating God Realm sneered.
Hearing the bald disciple's words, the other Drifting Cloud Sect disciples quickly said, "Senior Brother Ye Qiu, you don't need to come forward. I can deal with that boy myself!"
"Yes, Senior Brother Ye Qiu is the number one disciple of our Drifting Cloud Sect. Why would we need you to come forward to deal with this Blue Cloud Sect guy?"
Ye Qiu shook his head and said, "You guys still need to conserve your strength and strive to achieve a good result in the Trial Challengers' Path. Dealing with them won't consume much of my strength."
While they were talking, they had already arrived at their destination, a semicircular platform.
At the end of the platform was the entrance to the Trial Challengers' Path. But at this moment, everyone's attention was on the spar between the top disciples of the two sects.
After landing, Wei Yulong laughed mischievously and said, "Ye Qiu, this is only a spar. Our two sects are of the same origin. If we accidentally injure each other, it will inevitably damage our relationship!"
These words sounded true. If you didn't deliberately indulge your disciple's provocation, how could there be a spar? However, there was still some time before the Trial Challengers' Path opened. Moreover, among the sects under the jurisdiction of the Cloud Hall, only the Blue Cloud Sect and the Drifting Cloud Sect had come. The disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect, the Magic Cloud Sect, the Misty Cloud Sect, and the Cloud Hall hadn't come yet.
Therefore, it wasn't a bad idea to wait here and have a spar. Moreover, Shi Jingtian was very confident in his three disciples.
Luo Zheng wasn't an exception. Sometimes, the things he did could scare him, the Sect Master. Pei Tianyao was an extremely strong disciple. Hua Tianming's talent was extremely high and his attainments in the Sword Dao were admirable.
These three disciples were top-notch existences in any Peak Competition. The Blue Cloud Sect was indeed full of capable people this time.
Thinking of this, Shi Jingtian smiled slyly and patted Hua Tianming's shoulder. "Defeat him and I'll reward you with a mid-grade Immortal Grade Treasure Sword!"
When Hua Tianming heard Shi Jingtian's words, he immediately became excited. Although he already had a low-grade Immortal Grade Treasure Sword in his hand, as a person who loved swords, naturally, the more the better. Even if he couldn't use it, it would be good to keep it.
"Sect Master Shi, rest assured. This disciple will not let you down!"
Hua Tianming was also a very conceited person. His strength was not inferior to Li Yifeng's three years ago. Unfortunately, in this year's Blue Cloud Sect, there was Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng, which forcibly overshadowed Hua Tianming's glory.
The platform was very spacious. After the crowd made way, Hua Tianming and Ye Qiu stood face to face.
Facing Hua Tianming, Ye Qiu suddenly shook his head and smiled. "You're Hua Tianming, right? I don't think you're qualified to be my opponent. "
"Why?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
"Because I'm the first in the Drifting Cloud Sect, and you're only the third in the Blue Cloud Sect." Ye Qiu sneered. "Fighting with me is too flattering."
A trace of a smile appeared on Hua Tianming's cold face. "So that's how it is. Actually, I think Luo Zheng is right. Your Drifting Cloud Sect … is too weak. Even the first place is only this strong." After saying this, Hua Tianming drew his Corrosive Blood Sword.
"Hahahaha." Ye Qiu laughed wildly and pulled out the sword in his hand. His sword was green all over. Obviously, it was also an Immortal Artifact. Moreover, it was a middle-grade Immortal Artifact. "My sword is called the Dragon Abyss Sword! A mid-grade Immortal Grade Treasure! My weapon's grade is higher than yours. Moreover, I'll let you understand what great success in sword intent is! "
Hearing Ye Qiu's words, the other eight disciples of the Drifting Cloud Sect revealed proud expressions. Their Drifting Cloud Sect didn't have a sect wide competition. Instead, it was called the Sect Wide Competition. This time, Ye Qiu relied on his great success in sword intent to shine in the Sect Wide Competition! He was invincible!
"Eldest Senior Brother is mighty! Let these country bumpkins see what great success in sword intent is! "
"Heh, this great success in sword intent is probably going to scare them to death!"
"Eldest Senior Brother comprehended great success in sword intent at the age of nineteen. In the future, he'll definitely be a sword grandmaster. In the entire Central Domain, this result is very good!"
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng, Pei Tianyao, and Hua Tianming revealed strange expressions.
Since when could great success in sword intent be bragged to this extent? This was the first place of the Drifting Cloud Sect's Sect Wide Competition?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 343
It was no wonder that Luo Zheng and the others found it strange.
This illusory sword intent didn't have a clear cultivation method. Anyone who could comprehend the sword intent must have had a great opportunity.
Hua Tianming could kill everyone with his Great Success Sword Intent, and there were few opponents in the All-Peak Competition. He was only defeated when he met Luo Zheng, who also had Great Success Sword Intent, and both of them had comprehended perfect Sword Intent at the same time.
Two disciples with perfect Sword Intent had suddenly appeared in the All-Peak Competition, so it seemed that Great Success Sword Intent was worthless.
In fact, Great Success Sword Intent was not a cabbage that could be picked up easily.
It was a treasure among treasures in any second-grade sect. Even the Cloud Hall attached great importance to disciples who had comprehended Sword Intent. Even if they only had Minor Success Sword Intent, they would also cultivate them. Although it was impossible to be sure that a disciple who had comprehended Minor Success Sword Intent would comprehend Great Success Sword Intent, as long as there was a possibility, all sects would not give up.
Sword Intent cyclones formed on Ye Qiu's Long Yuan Sword. Ye Qiu's face was filled with pride as he pointed the tip of his sword at Hua Tianming. "Show me your sword technique!"
Hua Tianming smiled slightly. His Corrosive Blood Sword shook slightly, and similarly, cyclones of Sword Intent appeared. The cyclones of Sword Intent were larger and fuller, and the Sword Intent contained in them had a perfect shape. Not only that, but they also contained streaks of lightning.
"Extreme Thunder Sword Intent!"
When Ye Qiu saw the perfect Sword Intent lingering on Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword, his pupils instantly widened, and the corner of his mouth twitched. "This, this is … perfect Sword Intent …"
"Am I seeing things? The third place of the Blue Cloud Sect has comprehended perfect Sword Intent? And there is a trace of special lightning attribute in his Sword Intent? "
"No way, where did the Blue Cloud Sect find such a monstrous disciple …"
"I've misjudged. I'm afraid the Blue Cloud Sect is not simple this time, but I still don't believe it. This guy can't be third! He should be number one! "
Wei Yulong was also tongue-tied. Looking at the perfect Sword Intent on Hua Tianming's Devouring Blood Sword, his face was filled with disbelief. If Hua Tianming was ranked third, then the strength of these two fellows could only be even more abnormal. How did these monsters appear? How could the Blue Cloud Sect produce so many monstrous disciples?
Looking at the other party's expression, Shi Jingtian laughed in an unrefined manner. He laughed happily. This was the effect he wanted!
Three years ago, because of Li Yifeng's matter, Shi Jingtian had become a laughing stock. At that time, the person who made fun of him the most was Wei Yulong. Today, he had regained some of his face.
Ye Qiu stared at the perfect Sword Intent with a complicated expression. "This is not just an ordinary perfect Sword Intent. It also contains a trace of the Divine Thunder attribute. This Divine Thunder is not formed from your Zhen Yuan. How did you mix it into the Sword Intent?"
Hua Tianming would not lie, and he did not need to lie. He only replied indifferently, "I comprehended the perfect Sword Intent and entered the Sword Cleansing Pool to wash my sword. I mixed the Sword Intent with the Lightning to form the 'Extreme Lightning Sword Intent'!"
"Sword Cleansing Pool …" The corner of Ye Qiu's mouth twitched again.
The Sword Dao Holy Land was a place that every swordsman dreamed of! The Sword Cleansing Pool was a "half-step Holy Land" that could only be found by chance. However, such a place could only be found by chance. Even if he had to sacrifice half of his lifespan, he would still be willing to enter the Sword Cleansing Pool to wash his sword.
"This Hua Tianming's luck is too good." Ye Qiu sighed in his heart. He deeply felt that the heavens were unfair.
Seeing Ye Qiu's expression, Hua Tianming laughed in his heart. If Ye Qiu knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Sword Dao Holy Land, the "Slaughter Sword Mountain", he would probably faint.
"You are very powerful. At such a young age, you have comprehended the perfect Sword Intent, and you have great luck to enter the Sword Cleansing Pool to wash your Sword Intent. However, there is still a gap between our realms. Even if my Sword Intent is not as good as yours, I can still defeat you!"
Ye Qiu, who had suffered a mental breakdown, finally made his move.
"Flowing Water Sword Technique!"
His Dragon Abyss Sword lightly waved, and little ripples continuously spread out in the air. The sword in his hand and the person holding the sword seemed to have blended into the water. It was very gentle, very smooth, as if it was flowing water. When this sword pierced over, it seemed as if everything was logical, giving people a strange illusion.
It was as if this sword should have pierced Hua Tianming. This sword would have defeated Hua Tianming!
Not only did the people around him feel this way, even Hua Tianming himself felt this way.
Hua Tianming's mind was only affected for an extremely short period of time. However, a tiny bolt of lightning flashed in his eyes, and he instantly regained his clarity.
"This Flowing Water Sword Technique absorbs the power of flowing water, giving people the illusion that it is natural. It is indeed powerful, but … it is not as good as my Sky Sword!"
Facing Ye Qiu's attack, Hua Tianming used the Sword Steps, dodging left and right.
"Sword Steps … this guy has also comprehended it." Seeing Hua Tianming use the strange Sword Steps to easily avoid his Flowing Water Sword, Ye Qiu felt even more depressed. It seemed that the heavens were too kind to this guy!
However, Ye Qiu did not know that this was not only the heavens' pride, but also his hard work!
Ever since Hua Tianming started practicing the sword, he had not stopped for a single day. For more than ten years, even when eating or sleeping, he brought his sword with him.
Every martial artist who could reach this step relied not only on luck, but also on blood, sweat, perseverance, and hard work!
After putting some distance between himself and Ye Qiu, Hua Tianming suddenly raised the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand. The tip of the sword pointed to the sky, and then the Qi of Heaven and Earth suddenly began to surge. As the Qi of Heaven and Earth surged, the clouds in the sky faintly flickered with lightning!
"This is … Sky Sword!" Feeling the terrifying aura, Ye Qiu's expression suddenly changed.
The corners of Wei Yulong's eyes twitched. This guy had also learned Sky Sword. Even if he was beaten to death, he would not believe that Hua Tianming was only third in the Blue Cloud Sect!
That little guy at Xiantian Stage Three was a match for Hua Tianming? How was that possible!
Regardless of whether Wei Yulong believed it or not, Hua Tianming had already proven his strength.
The surging power of the heavens, mixed with the heavenly thunder, was attracted by Hua Tianming.
On that day, when Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng fought, although Hua Tianming had used the Washing Sword Pond to soften the thunder and lightning together, he had not used both Sky Sword and Heavenly Thunder together. After all, he had just comprehended the "Extreme Thunder Sword Intent", and he still needed time to adapt.
After a month of cultivation, Hua Tianming had gradually become proficient in it. When he activated the Force of the Firmament, he activated the Heavenly Thunder at the same time. When the two were activated at the same time, it created this terrifying scene.
"Brilliant Sword Seed, Imperial Power, Imperial Heavenly Thunder, Imperial Heavenly Thunder, Annihilation of the Universe … …"
Even when Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao saw Hua Tianming's move, their hearts skipped a beat. Although Hua Tianming had lost to them, he was the type of person who could never be underestimated. In just a month, he had comprehended this move, and its power had increased!
"Oh no!"
Ye Qiu's face was ashen. He had been slowly gaining confidence, but now he could only blame himself for his cheap mouth. Why did he have to provoke these freaks from the Blue Cloud Sect?
What was the use of regretting now? He had no other choice but to face it head-on!
"Flowing Water Swordsmanship, Boundless Ocean!"
Waves as turbulent as the sea slowly surged out from Ye Qiu's side.
Now he could only hope that his Flowing Water Swordsmanship could block Hua Tianming's sword. Fortunately, his "Boundless Ocean" was also a sword technique used for defense. It had the appetite of the sea, and could swallow all moves.
He had once used this move to resolve the attacks of experts who were far stronger than him.
But when the two moves collided, the water ripples started to crumble …
Hua Tianming's power of the heavens mixed with the heavenly thunder, exuding an unstoppable power. It cut Ye Qiu's "Boundless Ocean" into pieces. This was a completely one-sided situation.
"Ding!"
Hua Tianming's sword pierced straight over, breaking Ye Qiu's "Boundless Ocean". At the same time, it heavily struck Ye Qiu's Long Yuan Sword.
The Long Yuan Sword flew out of Ye Qiu's hand, circled in the air, and steadily stabbed into the stone platform. With the Long Yuan Sword's sharpness, it stabbed into the stone platform as easily as stabbing into tofu.
"I … I lost … …" Ye Qiu stuttered. He had lost too quickly … …
Hua Tianming smiled faintly, sheathed his sword, and retreated behind Shi Jingtian.
The disciples of the Drifting Cloud Sect fell silent. Ye Qiu was the strongest among them, but even he had been easily defeated by Hua Tianming. How could they go up against him?
Wei Yulong smiled awkwardly. In the end, he cupped his hands towards Shi Jingtian. "I have to congratulate Brother Shi for accepting such a good disciple! With such a disciple entering the Cloud Hall, he will definitely be valued by the Cloud Hall! "
Shi Jingtian was unforgiving. He snorted and said, "It's alright. Hua Tianming's talent is not bad, but this time, he only took third place. Our Blue Cloud Sect has too few spots. Otherwise, there would be disciples who could participate in the Road of Challengers."
If Ye Qiu's strength was the standard, then Mo Yuxin and Wang Yun should have the strength to participate in the Road of Challengers. Unfortunately, the Blue Cloud Sect only had three spots.
"Oh? Brother Shi, a disciple with such talent like Hua Tianming only took third place. I saw that the first place was a Xiantian stage three disciple. How did this Xiantian stage three disciple defeat Hua Tianming? "Wei Yulong asked curiously.
Everyone in the Drifting Cloud Sect was puzzled by this question. If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed that Luo Zheng had the strength to defeat Hua Tianming.

Chapter 344
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples stared at Luo Zheng in unison. Some of them were even eager to give it a try.
No matter what Hua Tianming said about Luo Zheng's strength, Luo Zheng was still only at the Xiantian Stage Three. This was something that couldn't be changed. The difference in cultivation could be made up with real strength, but if the gap was too big, it would be very difficult to make up for it.
The difference between the Divine Reflection Stage and the Xiantian Stage was an entire stage. Perhaps Shi Jingtian would be able to get back his face from this brat.
Wei Yulong naturally considered this problem. His eldest disciple had been humiliated by the other party, so it wouldn't be right if he didn't get back at him. Moreover, Huo Diting, who was ranked second in the Drifting Cloud Sect, was almost on par with Ye Qiu. Ye Qiu had only defeated Huo Diting with a slight advantage.
If Huo Diting were to fight …
At this moment, Wei Yulong saw a crafty look flash across Shi Jingtian's face. Based on his intuition, Wei Yulong felt that something was wrong.
Shi Jingtian clearly knew that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian Stage Three, but he still took the initiative to let the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples challenge Luo Zheng. What did this mean?
This meant that Shi Jingtian was very confident in Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's strength was probably far above Hua Tianming's!
Now, Wei Yulong believed Shi Jingtian's words. If Luo Zheng was really so monstrous, then he might really have comprehended a trace of the Law of Space …
Wei Yulong didn't believe this inference, but he had made it anyway. This time, he chose to trust his intuition.
"Sect Master, I want to challenge him!" Huo Diting stood up and volunteered.
Wei Yulong shook his head and said, "No need. You still have to conserve your strength for the Azure Clouds Road Trial!"
"But!" Huo Diting understood Wei Yulong's concern. The Sect Master was afraid that he would lose face if he lost to Luo Zheng.
"I said no need." Wei Yulong's face darkened.
Huo Diting's heart thumped. After all, Wei Yulong was the Sect Master. He was a top figure in the Drifting Cloud Sect. His words were the golden rule, more effective than the emperor's.
There was nothing they could do even if they were not convinced. How could they not listen to the Sect Master? Huo Shiting nodded and stepped back. However, he still glared at Luo Zheng unhappily.
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao showed a trace of regret. They had suffered a loss in the hands of Luo Zheng, so they were more than happy to see others suffer a loss in the hands of Luo Zheng.
At this moment, another group of people came from not far away.
"The people from the Lucky Cloud Sect are here." Shi Jingtian narrowed his eyes and said calmly.
These people came very quickly. The leader of the group was an old man in white robes. His face was ruddy, and it seemed like he had taken good care of himself. The Magic Cloud Sect had a total of seven disciples participating in the Road of Trials. It seemed like the Magic Cloud Sect's overall strength was slightly weaker than the Drifting Cloud Sect's, so they had two fewer spots.
After greeting them, the old man in white robes led his disciples to find a place to wait quietly. The Magic Cloud Sect's disciples were also sizing up the disciples of the Drifting Cloud Sect and the Blue Cloud Sect. Their eyes were full of provocation.
The disciples who were able to participate in the Road of Trials were all top disciples in their sects. To be able to stand at the peak of their sects, they were naturally proud and arrogant people. Not to mention everything, they more or less looked down on the geniuses of other Sects.
The people from the Magic Cloud Sect arrived, and soon, the people from the Rosy Cloud Sect also arrived.
When the Rosy Cloud Sect arrived, the eyes of all the Sects' disciples suddenly lit up. Everyone's gaze was focused on the disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect.
There was no other reason. The Rosy Cloud Sect was a second-grade female Sect. All the disciples in the Sect were female.
The top disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect were as beautiful as flowers. More importantly, they were also very talented and powerful. If they could be chosen as partners, they would be very suitable.
Therefore, when the Rosy Cloud Sect arrived, many disciples wanted to strike up a conversation with them. Some of them even whistled directly.
Unfortunately, the Sect Master of the Rosy Cloud Sect was a dark-faced old woman. This old woman had a very fiery temper. With just a shout, she made these top disciples behave themselves. Shi Jingtian, Wei Yulong and the old man in white robes of the Magic Cloud Sect also knew that the dark-faced old woman was not to be trifled with.
After waiting for about an incense stick's worth of time, the people of the Misty Cloud Sect arrived, and the people of the Cloud Hall also arrived.
In addition to the disciples of the five second-grade Sects under the jurisdiction of the Cloud Hall, there were also disciples from the Cloud Hall who would participate in the Road of Trials.
This Road of Trials was actually a secret territory. In this secret territory, not only could the disciples complete the trials, but there were also great opportunities for them to explore.
However, this secret territory had a strength limit. The Cloud Hall could only send warriors of Xiantian stage three at most. Those with strength higher than this couldn't enter.
This was also the reason why the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were limited to Illuminating stage three. Once they exceeded this stage, they would be expelled from the Blue Cloud Sect and would no longer be a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Instead, they would be turned into deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect.
This was because after surpassing Illuminating stage three, they couldn't participate in the Road of Trials. Just like Li Yifeng who had broken through two or three times in a row, he was now at Illuminating stage six.
The disciples of the Cloud Hall were all wearing white robes. They looked straight ahead with a serious expression, as if they didn't see the disciples of other Sects.
"Hey, these disciples of the Cloud Hall are so arrogant," Hua Tianming whispered.
Luo Zheng nodded. "No wonder they are so arrogant. According to the Sect Leader, Sects are also divided into ranks. Our Blue Cloud Sect is only a second-grade Sect, and we are only a small Sect supported by the Blue Cloud Sect. The Cloud Hall is a fourth-grade Sect. How can the disciples of such a large Sect not be arrogant?"
The disciples of the Cloud Hall weren't just arrogant. A few of them were exuding a powerful aura.
For a Illuminating stage cultivator to have such an aura, they must be like Mo Yuxin. They must have some kind of divine beast bloodline, or they must have some kind of special secret technique.
The disciples of the Cloud Hall really couldn't be underestimated.
The leader of the Cloud Hall was a middle-aged man. He looked about the same age as Shi Jingtian, but his strength and status were far above the Sect Leaders.
Because he had just arrived, Shi Jingtian, Wei Yulong, and the others all came forward to greet him.
This middle-aged man was called Fei Han. He was an Elder of the Cloud Hall. In terms of status, he was much higher than Shi Jingtian and the others. Shi Jingtian and the others could only be considered as ordinary attendants of the Cloud Hall.
"Alright, the Path of the Triennial Trial. All the disciples of the various Sects have arrived. We will now open the Path of the Triennial Trial. I believe your Sect Leaders have already explained the dangers of the Path of the Triennial Trial to you. I won't talk nonsense with you!"
After speaking, Fei Han quickly walked to the end of the platform.
At the end of the platform was a circular arched door. The arched door was full of potholes. Standing under the arched door, Fei Han waved his hand and True Origin Stones continuously shot out from his Sumeru Ring.
The True Origin Stones were densely packed. One by one, they were embedded in the small holes of the arched door.
"They are all top-grade True Origin Stones. Looking at the holes on the arched door, I'm afraid there are more than 200 holes … 200 top-grade True Origin Stones." Luo Zheng rubbed his nose. The Cloud Hall was indeed different. As a fourth-grade Sect, they were actually so generous.
Luo Zheng originally thought that he was quite rich. By smelting Xuan Tools and Spirit Tools, he could easily earn True Origin Stones. However, one million True Origin Stones were only equivalent to one top-grade True Origin Stone. These 200 top-grade True Origin Stones were equivalent to 400 million True Origin Stones …
With this amount of wealth, wouldn't he be able to buy the seven noble families?
Naturally, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who was surprised. Other than the Cloud Hall disciples, many other disciples looked at the top-grade True Origin Stones on the arched door with eager eyes.
After all the top-grade True Origin Stones were embedded, the huge arched door suddenly trembled. Then, a gray vortex appeared in the center of the dark arched door. The vortex constantly rotated, as if it could lead to hell.
Many disciples were eager to enter the vortex. If they could enter first, they would have a great advantage. However, everyone heard Fei Han say, "The road to the Trial Challengers has opened. Cloud Hall disciples go first!"
The white-clothed disciples of the Cloud Hall didn't panic. They swaggered in, but when they passed by the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and other sects, the corners of their mouths curled up.
Anyone who saw these guys' expressions would think that they were asking for a beating. However, the reputation of the Cloud Hall disciples was too great. They couldn't afford to offend them and could only endure.
"They all went in. Luo Zheng, let's go in too." Pei Tianyao said.

Chapter 345
The Trial Tester's Path was a path of assessment for new disciples. At the same time, it was also a path of opportunity.
Not only could this path test a disciple's strength, but it could also test a disciple's luck! Some people might have strength, but their luck was insufficient. They could only obtain the treasures of the Trial Tester's Path. Some people had a lot of luck, but they didn't have the strength to obtain their own opportunities …
It felt different from the teleportation array. This Trial Tester's Path didn't seem to be a teleportation array. However, it was also different from the Blood Mountain of the Blue Cloud Sect. This was because it wasn't an illusion array.
After entering the whirlpool, Luo Zheng only felt like he had stepped through a door. Then, he saw that the surrounding scenery was completely different.
"Another world …" Hua Tianming looked into the distance and murmured.
The world in front of them was a completely unfamiliar world. It could be said that this was a broken world.
Before they set off, Shi Jingtian explained the Trial Tester's Path in detail to the three of them.
It turned out that there were many special secret realms in this world. These secret realms didn't even belong to this world. Just like the Massacre Sword Mountain that Luo Zheng entered when he comprehended Perfect Sword Intent, it didn't exist in this world. It was another world.
The Trial Tester's Path in front of them was actually a broken world. It was a treasure land left behind by an ancient sect.
This ancient sect might have been destroyed tens of thousands of years ago or even hundreds of thousands of years ago, turning into a ruin. In the end, this ruin fell into the hands of the Cloud Palace. The Cloud Palace sealed off the other entrances of the ruin and built a teleportation gate to take over this ruin.
However, the treasures and inheritances in the ruin had long been plundered. This Trial Tester's Path should have been left behind by this ancient sect to test their disciples. Therefore, the Cloud Hall used it to test the second-grade sects under the Cloud Hall and the disciples of the Cloud Hall.
Anyone who could pass the test could be regarded as an elite of the Cloud Hall and receive the best resources of the Cloud Hall.
"Let's go! I will be waiting for you at the end of the Trial Challenger's Road. "Pei Tianyao said with a faint smile as he stepped forward.
There was a large road in front of them, and there were many smaller roads extending from it. It seemed that the path of the trial challengers did not point to a single path. Choosing different paths would have different levels of difficulty.
Hua Tianming nodded and set off as well.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng remained where he was. He was in a daze again.
In a complete world, if one looked up at the sky, they would not be able to see the edge of the world. If one occupied the highest point, they would only be able to see the horizon at most. As for the places further away, they would only be able to see a vast expanse of emptiness.
However, this world was a broken world. In the sky, a large area of space was cut apart. There were many cracks on the edges of those spaces. Some of the cracks were like dog teeth. They were jagged, and some of the cracks drew a straight line that extended to the edge of the sky. It looked very strange.
Ever since Luo Zheng comprehended the rules of space, his perception of space had become very sensitive. Those fragments might be a messy line in the eyes of others, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, the edges of each crack seemed to be full of beauty.
To be able to break the space of this world, how much power did it take? Luo Zheng found this hard to imagine. Although he knew that there was a time limit to the road of trial challengers, and that once the top grade true essence was exhausted, the exit would close, he still couldn't hold himself back. He stood where he was and began to meditate!
At this time, Shi Jingtian, who was outside the arched door, frowned.
It was not difficult to observe the movements of each disciple through the letter tablet. Now, almost all the disciples had set off. Only Luo Zheng was standing alone at the door, looking at the sky in a daze. Naturally, the Sect Masters felt that it was strange.
"What's wrong with this kid?" Shi Jingtian had a strange expression on his face. He knew Luo Zheng's character and knew what kind of fate Luo Zheng was going to face. Luo Zheng's character was different from Li Yifeng's. He wouldn't do such a ridiculous thing. But why was he still standing there? Did something happen?
At this time, Wei Yulong suddenly smiled and said, "Brother Shi, could it be the same as last time? I remember that three years ago, there was a disciple called Li Yifeng in your Blue Cloud Sect. He seemed to have fallen asleep on the trial challengers' path, right? "
Hearing Wei Yulong's words, the other Sect Masters suddenly remembered. They could not help but smile.
Frankly speaking, the talent of Li Yifeng three years ago was indeed extraordinary. If it was not for the fact that he fell asleep, Li Yifeng would have been able to enter the Cloud Hall. Moreover, it was very likely that he would have gotten first place on the trial challengers' path. Unfortunately, that kid did not live up to expectations and fell asleep halfway. They still remembered Shi Jingtian's expression at that time. It was as if he wanted to kill someone …
Would the same thing happen again this time?
"It's okay, Brother Shi. The three disciples you brought this time are each more powerful than the other. The one ranked third is already so powerful. He has comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence. I think this kid should have comprehended it as well, right?" Wei Yulong laughed. He had always been brooding about Hua Tianming. It was not that he hated Hua Tianming. He just felt that the Blue Cloud Sect was too lucky to have a disciple who had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence.
After hearing this, Fei Han asked, "Wei Yulong, you said that a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence?"
Wei Yulong nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, Old Fei. Moreover, he has comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent. However, he is ranked third in the Blue Cloud Sect. I find it strange that he is ranked third despite being so powerful.
Fei Han nodded. His interest was piqued and he continued to ask, "That's right. Perfect Sword Intent. Even the Cloud Palace will pay attention to it. However, he is only ranked third. Shi Jingtian, can the top two really defeat the disciple with perfect Sword Intent?"
Wei Yulong was waiting for these words. His status was similar to Shi Jingtian's, so Shi Jingtian could completely ignore him. However, Shi Jingtian could not ignore the words of an elder of the Cloud Hall!
Shi Jingtian nodded and said with a smile, "Elder Fei, our Blue Cloud Sect's competition is held among hundreds of thousands of disciples. Naturally, it is impossible to fake the results. Hua Tianming is indeed ranked third. Now, the disciple who is in a daze outside the stone gate is the first in our Blue Cloud Sect."
"Xiantian third stage, first in the Blue Cloud Sect?" Even Fei Han couldn't believe it. Facing Hua Tianming who had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, this little Xiantian third stage disciple might not even be able to fight back.
Fei Han's strength far surpassed all of these Divine Core Sect Chiefs, but even with his experience, he couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng could defeat Hua Tianming.
Unexpectedly, Shi Jingtian smiled and said honestly, "Although the Perfect Sword Essence is powerful, it's not unsolvable. Hua Tianming has comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, and so has this Luo Zheng. Furthermore, after he comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, he obtained a great fortune, and I think this fortune is even greater than the one he obtained from the Sword Washing Pool!"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Wei Yulong coughed a few times. He was a Divine Core warrior, and his control over his body had reached an unimaginable level. But right now, he couldn't help but cough. It wasn't hard to imagine that he was really provoked by Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian's words were too awesome. What did he mean by "powerful"? What did he mean by "not unsolvable"? Wei Yulong was already very proud of his disciple who had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, but this little guy brought by Shi Jingtian had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, and there were two of them?
All the other Sect Chiefs had shocked or envious expressions on their faces. Even Fei Han furrowed his brows and said, "How could a Xiantian third stage disciple obtain such a great fortune? According to the ancient books, the Sword Washing Pool is a half-step Saint land, and you said this little guy's fortune is even greater than a half-step Saint land? Could it be that he went to a Holy Land of the Dao of the Sword? "
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, "Although he didn't tell me which Holy Land he went to, I can tell from the ferocious aura coming from his body that he went to one of the three Holy Lands of the Dao of the Sword, the Slaughter Sword Mountain."
Fei Han's expression finally changed. There were good and bad Holy Lands, and the Slaughter Sword Mountain was one of the three Holy Lands of the Dao of the Sword, and it was one of the top Holy Lands. The fortune of this little Xiantian third stage disciple even made Fei Han envious!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 346
"Hehe, what a lucky little fellow! With this little fellow's talent, if he can get into the top 5 in this year's Path of Trials, I can consider asking him for a 'Profound Cloud Pill'." Fei Han said in an indifferent tone.
Hearing Fei Han's words, Shi Jingtian and the others' expressions immediately changed.
Profound Cloud Pill!
This was a secret pill unique to the Cloud Hall. Even if Shi Jingtian, Wei Yulong, and the other deacons wanted one, it would be extremely difficult. They would only be able to obtain one if they performed a great service.
After consuming the Profound Cloud Pill, there were no side effects. This secret pill could directly affect a cultivator's foundation, and after consuming it, it could help stabilize a cultivator's foundation, allowing them to break through to the next realm with a stronger foundation.
Right now, even Shi Jingtian couldn't help but feel that this was unfair.
Why did all these Sect Chiefs work so hard to raise a Second Grade Sect disciple and give him to the Cloud Hall? It was all for the Cloud Hall's rewards.
But before he could even see the benefits, Elder Fei Han had actually given him such a great reward. Although Luo Zheng was raised by Shi Jingtian, and he was proud of it.
However, as a Divine Core warrior, Shi Jingtian had a great need for pills.
Elder Fei Han noticed Shi Jingtian's emotional fluctuation. With a smile on his face, he said, "Old Shi, if Luo Zheng can get into the top 5, I'll definitely give you a recommendation, and the Cloud Hall's rewards will be great as well."
Hearing what Fei Han said, Shi Jingtian let out a smile. "Thank you, Elder Fei!"
The other Sect Chiefs didn't show any excitement on their faces, but in their minds, they were all thinking, 'Get into the top 5? Keep dreaming! When has a disciple from any of the five Second Grade Sects ever gotten into the top 5? '
The five Second Grade Sects, Blue Cloud Sect, Lucky Cloud Sect, Rosy Cloud Sect, Misty Cloud Sect, and Drifting Cloud Sect, would send a large number of disciples to the Cloud Hall each time. In total, there were about 40 to 50 disciples, and the Cloud Hall also had 40 to 50 disciples.
However, the difference in standard between the disciples of the five great second-grade sects and the disciples of the Cloud Hall was like heaven and earth!
Not to mention entering the top five, even entering the top ten was rare. In the past 100 years, only the Colorful Cloud Sect and the Magic Cloud Sect had two geniuses who obtained the eighth and ninth positions respectively. Other than that, the Cloud Hall's disciples usually occupied the top ten positions.
The last time the Path of Challengers opened, Shi Jingtian had said that Li Yifeng would be able to take first place. He had been ridiculed by everyone, but in reality, everyone was still envious because Li Yifeng had maintained first place in the first half of the Path of Challengers. However, that fellow was ultimately a good-for-nothing and ended up making a fool of himself in the end.
If what Shi Jingtian said was true, then the Cloud Hall would definitely not let go of a disciple like Luo Zheng, but after all, he was only at the Xiantian third stage and the difference in cultivation level was too big. So, how could he compete with the disciples of the Cloud Hall?
Moreover, the disciples of the Cloud Hall were even more monstrous than the disciples of the Cloud Hall. One must know that the disciples of the Cloud Hall were originally selected from millions or even tens of millions of warriors, and the disciples of the Cloud Hall who had come to participate in the Path of Challengers were the best of the best. They were the super elites selected from the disciples of the Cloud Hall!
The small Blue Cloud Sect, whether it was resources, cultivation methods, or inheritances, all came from the Cloud Hall. So, how could it be compared with the Cloud Hall, a fourth-grade sect?
Therefore, for the five second-grade sects, if one or two genius disciples could pass the Path of Challengers and enter the Cloud Hall, it would be considered a meritorious service. This would prove the value of their sect's existence, so how could they dare to compete for the top five positions?
"But this brat is still standing at the door. I'm afraid he won't have a chance," Fei Han shook his head. During their conversation, Luo Zheng hadn't moved a single step and was still standing at the door in a daze.
"This brat!" Shi Jingtian was also somewhat anxious. He couldn't wait to use his whip to whip Luo Zheng's back. Luo Zheng just stood there motionlessly and looked at the sky. What was there to see?
What was there to see? Shi Jingtian was suddenly startled. He found that he had found the answer and his face revealed a wry smile, "I think I know what this brat is doing."
"What is he doing?" Fei Han asked curiously.
"The Path of Challengers is an independent secret territory. At the same time, it is also a fragmented space. There are pieces of space fragments floating in the sky … this brat is most likely comprehending the space law," Shi Jingtian shook his head and said with a wry smile.
Shi Jingtian's mood was really contradictory. On one hand, he was proud of Luo Zheng's monstrous talent. Luo Zheng had given him a lot of face, but on the other hand, why was he just standing there and comprehending? It was the assessment time!
"Space law! Old Shi, are you joking? "Even Elder Fei Han took a deep breath and said.
"Enough! Shi Jingtian, you have been praising this Xiantian third stage brat since a moment ago. I didn't expect that the more you boasted, the more ridiculous it became. Not only did he have perfect sword intent, but now he even comprehended the space law. Are you done yet? I advise you not to make a fool out of yourself like Li Yifeng did last time! "The black faced old woman of Colorful Clouds Sect said impatiently.
Except for Shi Jingtian himself, no one had seen Luo Zheng fight. Shi Jingtian had attracted Fei Han's attention and the other sect masters' limelight had been snatched away. It would be strange if they were in a good mood.
The sect masters of Magic Cloud Sect and Misty Cloud Sect were able to endure, but this black faced old woman had a bad temper.
"Grandma Long, I, Shi Jingtian, never tell lies. Even if you don't believe me, no one will force you to believe me. I brought Luo Zheng into the transmission array and when we encountered the space storm, he … …" Shi Jingtian continued.
"Lie, keep lying!" Grandma Long said with a black face.
At this time, Fei Han suddenly said: "This brat finally moved!"
The other sect masters shifted their gaze to the letter tablet and stared at Luo Zheng.
Frankly speaking, these sect masters were more interested in the performance of their own sect's disciples, but unfortunately, there was only one letter tablet in front of them. Moreover, Fei Han had become interested in Luo Zheng because of Shi Jingtian's words and fixed his vision on Luo Zheng, so they had no opportunity to observe their own sect's disciples. This was also the reason why the other sect masters vented their anger on Shi Jingtian. What? Every sect has geniuses, but Luo Zheng is your sect's treasure? Our Colorful Clouds Sect, Magic Cloud Sect and Misty Cloud Sect don't have geniuses?
There were more and more lines in the sky … …
Luo Zheng looked at the slowly moving space fragments. These fragments were similar to clouds and were being blown by the space storm. They were slowly moving, colliding, splitting and fusing … …
However, these things were probably happening very far away in the sky. Luo Zheng didn't have the opportunity to see what was going on. Even if he went up, with his current strength, he would probably be instantly killed by the space fragments.
When Luo Zheng shifted his gaze down, a bitter smile appeared on his face again. Through the visualization, Luo Zheng realized that the lines in his vision didn't decrease. Instead, they were increasing.
Previously, Luo Zheng could see large buildings and mountains in the distance. He could see thin lines outlining their outlines.
Now, Luo Zheng discovered some lines. They were only an inch long and a foot long. Moreover, they were everywhere in this world. They were densely packed!
"What are these lines? They aren't space cracks. If there were so many space cracks, I'm afraid none of us would have survived! "Luo Zheng walked towards one of the lines and extended his finger to touch it.
There was no sense of touch. It was as if these lines were just a visual error. In fact, these lines didn't exist.
However, when Luo Zheng's hand stopped there for two or three breaths, he suddenly felt a trace of abnormality!
Then, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became blurred. He felt as if he was moving along this thin line.
This thin line was only a foot long, which was about the length of an adult's step. Luo Zheng felt that he could move freely within this foot long distance. Moreover, he was moving at a terrifying speed!
This speed made Luo Zheng's figure become illusory. It was as if there were countless illusory figures of Luo Zheng appearing in this foot long space!
These weren't afterimages caused by high-speed movements. Afterimages caused by high-speed movements were just illusions. However, Luo Zheng's illusory figures appeared and disappeared at the same time … …
Luo Zheng's legs didn't move at all, but his entire body moved along the thin line by a foot. Even Luo Zheng himself felt that it was strange, as if he was a ghost, moving horizontally by a foot.
"This way of moving is really strange. It's quite interesting … …" Luo Zheng moved away from this foot long line and found another half a foot long line in front of him. The moment he touched that line, he moved another half a foot forward like a ghost.
After he set off, he kept looking for those short lines and moved himself through them … …
This way of moving wasn't fast. Each line could only move about a foot or even half a foot. Moreover, he had to deliberately get close to those lines. The reason why he did this was that Luo Zheng found it interesting. At the same time, he was thinking about the use of this ability.

Chapter 347
"Granny Long, do you think there's a need for me to continue lying?" Shi Jingtian said with a smile.
Granny Long's small eyes glared at Shi Jingtian. She just snorted but didn't say anything. After all, she just mocked Shi Jingtian and was slapped in the face right after.
"This kind of strange movement should be the result of him peeking at the surface of the Laws of Space. Just a little bit." Fei Han's eyes were filled with shock as she watched Luo Zheng's movements.
"Superficial understanding?" The Sect Master of the Magic Cloud Sect shook his head and said, "Elder Fei, forgive this old man's eyesight, but if I'm not mistaken, this Luo Zheng's movement technique should be the Phantom Steps of our Cloud Hall's Daoist Dameng! This technique can only be used after comprehending at least the 1st level of the Law of Space! "
The white-robed old man from the Magic Cloud Sect was older than Shi Jingtian. Back then, he had accidentally received a reward and was fortunate enough to enter the Sumeru Space in the Cloud Palace to study the broken stone inscriptions. Although the Sect Master of the Magic Cloud Sect did not comprehend the Law of Space in the stone inscriptions, he had studied a lot about it.
Luo Zheng's movement method was almost the same as Daoist Dameng's Phantom Steps. His body didn't move as if he was moving along an invisible track. However, Daoist Dameng's Phantom Steps could move a considerable distance, but Luo Zheng could only move a foot or so.
Fei Han shook his head and said, "This is indeed the embryonic form of the Phantom Steps, but this young man has only comprehended a superficial understanding of it. With his current comprehension of the Law of Space, he can only move in this broken space. Didn't you notice that the young man is walking in a crooked manner as if he's looking for something?"
The several Sect Masters looked at Xin Gui. Luo Zheng wasn't moving in a straight line, but instead took a few steps to the left and then a few steps to the right.
"If my guess is correct, he should be relying on the weak points of this broken world to achieve the effect of the Phantom Steps." Fei Han said slowly, "This trial taker's road is originally a broken world and the whole world is not particularly stable. In addition to the broken space in the sky, many other spaces in this broken world have already begun to collapse. Although the trial taker's road hasn't collapsed, there are still many flaws. Through these flaws, Luo Zheng should be able to move horizontally."
Fei Han was very confident in his own inference. Not just anyone could come up with this answer. "However, Luo Zheng has indeed comprehended a superficial understanding of the Law of Space. If he was in the outside world, it would be very difficult for him to find the flaws in the space, and he wouldn't be able to create the flaws in the space like Daoist Master Dameng. Xiantian third stage … … unexpectedly, he can comprehend these things. It really makes us old fellows blush with shame."
Although Fei Han was powerful, but he hadn't comprehended the Law of Space. In the past, when he had failed to comprehend the Law of Space, he could only switch to cultivating the Law of Fire.
The several Sect Masters also shook their heads. Luo Zheng's actions really made them sigh.
Luo Zheng walked all the way, and after experimenting dozens of times, he finally stopped. There were so many densely packed lines, and he couldn't keep running along them. If he continued like this, they feared that the trial taker's road would close, and he wouldn't even be halfway there.
Choosing a path in front of him, Luo Zheng took a step forward and ran wildly.
The trial taker's road was a secret territory of an ancient palace. Flying was forbidden here, so although those Illuminating Spirit realm disciples had already gone far away, they presumably wouldn't leave Luo Zheng behind too much.
The scenery of this world was very strange. There were strange and short plants everywhere, and the air was filled with a strange fog, giving people a gloomy feeling.
However, Luo Zheng ran all the way forward for seven or eight miles without encountering any danger.
The trial taker's road was also known as the Blue Cloud Road. Through this road, one could enter the Cloud Hall. Obviously, this road wasn't easy to pass, so the more smoothly Luo Zheng felt, the more vigilant he became. Dangers often lurked in the unknown.
"Fork in the road!"
"Another fork in the road!"
Along the way, Luo Zheng found that there were as many forks in the road as there were hairs on an ox. Every disciple chose a different fork in the road, and he was afraid that the content of the trial would be different.
After Luo Zheng chose a fork in the road, he found that the originally short plants seemed to have changed.
The plants in front of him grew taller and taller. The originally short plants that were as tall as his calf had become shrubbery taller than a person.
Just as Luo Zheng maintained his vigilance and slowly moved forward, a plant on the side of the road suddenly moved!
The plant that was as tall as a person was like a willow tree, with long branches hanging down. As soon as Luo Zheng stepped into its territory, the strange willow tree suddenly waved its willow branches and fiercely whipped them at Luo Zheng.
With this whip, the willow branches emitted explosive sounds in the air, and on the ends of the willow branches were countless small sawtooth thorns.
If an ordinary martial artist were to be whipped by these hundreds of willow branches, their skin would be torn open, and they would be covered in blood.
It was also very difficult to dodge. These willow branches seemed to be able to freely extend and contract. As long as one stepped into the willow tree's territory, it was the same as being wrapped by the willow tree.
"Zi zi zi …"
At this moment, the willow tree's trunk even emitted a screeching sound like a mouse. Obviously, it was very excited.
However, before those sharp willow branches could touch Luo Zheng, a sword intent suddenly surged from the surface of Luo Zheng's body.
"Perfect sword intent!"
"Kacha kacha kacha …"
The sword intent formed a cyclone of sword intent that was like countless sharp scissors, twisting all the willow branches that dared to extend over into pieces. The willow branches scattered in all directions, and not a single willow branch broke through Luo Zheng's protective sword intent.
"Zi zi!"
The willow tree was injured by Luo Zheng, and its screeching sound became louder. It constantly shook, and even pulled out its roots that were inserted into the ground and began to retreat.
"This tree can actually run by itself …" Luo Zheng was speechless.
The willow tree pulled out its roots, which were like the legs of a spider, constantly moving on the ground and rapidly retreating. Its escape speed was quite fast, and it soon disappeared into the thick jungle.
Luo Zheng did not chase after this strange willow tree. The requirements of the Trial Taker's Path were not to kill these strange plants. This willow tree might not be strong, but who knew what terrible things were hidden in the dense jungle on both sides of the path?
Without wasting too much time, Luo Zheng continued on his way.
After the attack of the willow tree, Luo Zheng was not so nervous.
Since it was the Trial Taker's Path, it was definitely a trial for warriors, not to kill them. However, this path did not belong to the Cloud Hall. There might be some dangerous and dangerous places that even the Cloud Hall did not know. He just needed to go along this path. He believed that the demon beasts or monsters in this area would not be much stronger than the willow tree.
In fact, Luo Zheng's guess was very accurate. The difficulty of the first stage of the Trial Taker's Path was indeed not high. Most of the disciples were attacked when they passed it, but the attacks on each fork were different. The participants of the Trial Taker's Path were all second-grade sects, and the passing rate of this stage was almost 100%.
Next, Luo Zheng was attacked by several kinds of plants, such as a fan-like plant with sharp teeth on its edge. It wanted to swallow Luo Zheng, but it was smashed in half by Luo Zheng's fist. There was also a plant similar to a mimosa plant. Its huge leaves stretched out on the ground. The moment Luo Zheng stepped on it, the huge leaves wrapped around him in an instant.
The green leaves looked very fragile, but in fact, they were very tough. After activating the power of the dragon scale, the leaves were forcibly broken by Luo Zheng's body.
Walking and stopping like this, Luo Zheng finally walked out of the fork. As soon as he walked out of the fork, Luo Zheng felt a burst of hot air blowing on his face. Behind the small hill in front of him, there was a blood-red light.
When Luo Zheng climbed up the small hill, there was a fiery red magma in front of him. This magma was like a sea, extending to the end of the boundless sea.
"How can I pass this?" Looking at the boundless sea of magma, Luo Zheng was somewhat helpless. Although he had the body of a high-grade spirit tool and was not afraid of being burned by the True Fire, it was unrealistic for him to swim across.
If even he could not pass, how could others pass? This Trial Taker's Path was not designed like this!

Chapter 348
Among these disciples, there were two female disciples. Without a doubt, they were disciples of the Colorful Clouds Sect. There were also two male disciples.
After these two male disciples saw Luo Zheng, their eyes flashed with a touch of disdain. These two disciples were elite disciples of Misty Cloud Sect. When their sect leader had led them here, they had already noticed Luo Zheng.
Even ordinary Divine Reflection disciples were disdained by these elite disciples, let alone Luo Zheng who was a Xiantian life form.
In fact, the five major sects and the Cloud Hall had sent disciples who had just entered the Divine Reflection realm. Except for the two weirdos, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, they were Xiantian life forms.
Among them, Luo Zheng was at Xiantian stage three.
A Xiantian stage three guy mixed in with a bunch of Divine Reflection realm disciples. No matter how low-key he was, he was still as eye-catching as a firefly on a summer night.
Luo Zheng didn't plan to go over, and just like them, he quietly waited. He even noticed that there was a black line more than a dozen feet long in the sky above the magma sea. If Luo Zheng could touch that line, using his understanding of space, he could move more than a dozen feet forward.
But it was useless. This magma sea was boundless, and if he wanted to cross this magma sea, he would have to rush out dozens or hundreds of miles. This little distance was useless.
At this time, one of the male disciples suddenly waved towards Luo Zheng and said indifferently: "You, come here!"
Luo Zheng didn't move, and his complexion slightly sank, "What's the matter?"
"We told you to come here, so you come here. Why are you talking so much nonsense?" Another Misty Cloud Sect disciple said coldly.
These two disciples obviously didn't take Luo Zheng seriously. What's more, in their opinion, a Xiantian stage three guy should be ordered around by them.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to say a few words to provoke these two fellows, but after thinking about it, he decided against it. The path of a trial challenger was different from the Trial of Blood and Fire. In the Trial of Blood and Fire, one could kill each other. Moreover, the illusion array protected the disciples within the illusion array very well.
But the road of challengers was not an illusion matrix. Once you died, you died, and there was no second life.
What's more, everyone's purpose was to pass the road of challengers, not to fight.
The key point was that Luo Zheng could inquire about the magma sea through them.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng walked towards them with a big smile, "What's the matter, brothers?"
"I'm telling you, after this Heaven Burning Sea of Flames recedes, you'll be the first to rush to the front and open up a path. Do you hear me?" That male disciple said fiercely. He probably thought that people like Luo Zheng would be subdued by just showing some face.
The female disciple of the Iridescent Clouds Sect sized up Luo Zheng and said in a sweet voice, "Brother Pang, you don't have to be so fierce!"
Senior Brother Pang chuckled and said, "What's the big deal? If he wasn't fierce, how could this fellow be obedient? For a Xiantian third stage martial artist to enter the road of challengers, the rules of the Cloud Hall are too unbalanced. In the future, if I become an elder of the Cloud Hall, then I will certainly change these broken rules. "
"Elder of the Cloud Hall, Brother Pang is really ambitious." Another female disciple of the Iridescent Clouds Sect said with a smile.
That disciple surnamed Pang was bragging to the two female disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, but Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to it. Instead, he paid attention to the details of these words. It turned out that this sea of magma was called the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames, and unexpectedly, it would rise and fall … … in other words, the real path would appear after the tide recedes.
Luo Zheng guessed that the first few waves of disciples had already rushed through the sea of magma sea, and now they had to wait for the next wave of magma sea to recede.
And this guy wanted him to open up a path. Presumably, after the tide recedes, some dangers would appear, so he wanted him to rush to the front.
In that case, he would rush to the front … … Luo Zheng thought in his heart.
After waiting for about an incense stick's worth of time, suddenly, the magma sea in front of them began to violently fluctuate.
"Gudong, gudong, gudong … …"
A huge magma bubble burst open, emitting a terrifying heat.
"The Heaven Burning Sea of Flames has begun to recede!" The disciple surnamed Pang shouted, and then said to Luo Zheng with a fiendish expression, "In a moment, a path will appear in the sea. Hurry up and rush for me!"
"I told you to rush, so rush. What nonsense are you talking about?" The disciple surnamed Pang said coldly.
As the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames continued to recede, Luo Zheng saw circular stone blocks appear on the horizon of the sea of flames. Each stone block was about the size of a round table, and they were separated by seven or eight meters. As long as one stepped on these round tables, they could jump over.
Since he understood how to pass through the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames, Luo Zheng was simply too lazy to pay attention to this disciple surnamed Pang. With a stride, he turned into a gust of wind, rushed out, and jumped onto the stone block.
"Aiya, this kid is quite fast!" The disciple surnamed Pang's face revealed a look of surprise, and then he said, "Junior Brother Zhao, Junior Sister Xin, Junior Sister Yao, let's go!" Finished speaking, the four disciples followed closely behind Luo Zheng and jumped onto the stone block.
Jumping along the stone block, Luo Zheng's speed didn't slow down by much. Even if the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames spanned hundreds of miles, it wouldn't take long for him to cross it.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't even crossed two miles when a flame suddenly appeared in front of him. This flame wasn't a flame produced by magma, but seemed to have a life of its own.
"Flame Essence?"
Luo Zheng wrinkled his eyebrows.
A Flame Essence was a life born from a flame. Just like the Earth Flame that Luo Zheng had absorbed, it could also give birth to a Flame Essence. However, the Earth Flame wasn't very old, so it naturally didn't have a Flame Essence. Not to mention, with Luo Zheng's strength at the time, there was no reason for him to survive if he encountered a Flame Essence.
As soon as the first Flame Essence appeared, more Flame Essences jumped onto the stone block. These Flame Essences obviously wanted to block Luo Zheng's path.
Facing these Flame Essences, Luo Zheng didn't intend to waste any time. He waved his hand, and a dark purple true essence formed six vortexes around his body.
"Heavenly Demon Phantom!"
As soon as the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms appeared, they fiercely collided with the Flame Essences.
These Flame Essences also had spiritual wisdom, and seemed to be incomparably brave and fierce. As they saw the Heavenly Demon Phantom colliding with them, the flames on the Flame Essences' bodies surged up, and they also collided with Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Bang bang bang …
Obviously, these Flame Essences hadn't expected Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom to be so powerful. Although the moment the Flame Essences collided with the Heavenly Demon Phantom, the raging flames wrapped around the Heavenly Demon Phantom. But when the Flame Essences collided with the Heavenly Demon Phantom, they suddenly burst into flames, and the Flame Essence was smashed into nothingness by the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Flame Essences didn't have a physical body to begin with; they were only highly compressed flames. Their strength lay in their extremely high temperature, so how could they possibly withstand the impact of the Heavenly Demon Phantom?
But the Heavenly Demon Phantom was formed from Luo Zheng's true essence. Although being burned by the Flame Essences would consume some of his true essence, this wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng.
Bang bang bang …
The Flame Essences were smashed apart by Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom. The Heavenly Demon Phantom continued to open a path, and Luo Zheng continued to follow behind it.
These Flame Essences had also developed some spiritual wisdom. Seeing Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom so fierce, they naturally wouldn't throw away their lives. The Flame Essences in the back all jumped back into the sea of burning flames.
"Hehe, I told you that it was wise to let that boy open the path!" The disciple surnamed Pang said.
"That boy's strength isn't bad. He far surpasses an ordinary Xiantian life form. But compared to us, there's still a gap." Another disciple laughed.
With Luo Zheng opening the path in front of them, the four of them were naturally happy. They only needed to follow behind Luo Zheng.
At this time, a huge magma bubble suddenly bloomed from the sea of burning flames in front of them, and soon after, a huge snake head drilled out of the magma.
The disciple surnamed Pang's complexion changed, "F * ck, it's a Scarlet Fire Snake. What should we do? What bad luck, we actually ran into this thing! "
"The four of us will attack together. Although this Scarlet Fire Snake is fierce, the four of us should be able to deal with it." That Junior Sister Yao from Iridescent Clouds Sect said.
"Wait, let's see how that boy deals with it first!" The disciple surnamed Pang stopped his footsteps and also stopped the other three with a playful look on his face.
Everyone had a jealous heart. Perhaps in their opinion, Luo Zheng was far from being their opponent, but these four people were far inferior to Luo Zheng when they were at Xiantian third stage. This showed that Luo Zheng's talent far surpassed the four of them. If Luo Zheng entered the Cloud Hall in the future, then surpassing the four of them was just a matter of time.
If Luo Zheng couldn't deal with the Scarlet Fire Snake, or if he accidentally fell into the sea of burning flames, then they would be very happy to see him die.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 349
If Luo Zheng could get rid of the Scarlet Fire Snake, they would certainly be happy. After all, they wouldn't have to spend so much effort to deal with such a huge monster. However, in their opinion, this possibility was relatively small. The biggest possibility was that Luo Zheng would be swallowed whole by the Scarlet Fire Snake.
Luo Zheng had naturally noticed the Scarlet Fire Snake as he was running. With such a huge body, it was clear that the Flame Essence would be much more difficult to deal with.
Because of its huge body, its movements were naturally slower. It slowly poked its head out of the magma and extended its neck. Then, it slowly lifted its head.
Seeing the slow movements of the Scarlet Fire Snake, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and fully released the energy of the Phoenix Aura Crystal in his right hand! His speed instantly increased by more than twofold. He was like an arrow that had been released from a bow, leaving behind afterimages on the stone block.
"Mm? That kid wants to break through by force? "The disciple surnamed Pang sneered.
"Will that kid break through? I don't think he's slow …" Another disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect frowned.
"In his dreams. The Scarlet Fire Snake looks slow, but that's because of its huge body. It's not slow at all!" The disciple surnamed Pang had done his homework before entering the road of the trial.
Just as the disciple surnamed Pang had said, after the huge Scarlet Fire Snake's head and upper body completely emerged from the magma, it suddenly opened its mouth and dived down towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing the Scarlet Fire Snake's head rushing towards him, Luo Zheng's strength suddenly increased. The strength of each step increased by 30%. "Break through!"
"His speed can actually increase," the male disciple from the Misty Cloud Sect said.
The disciple surnamed Pang calmly smiled and said, "Hehe, he should have activated some kind of secret technique. Not enough, this speed is still not enough! Moreover, this guy can't turn back. If he can't break through, he'll die! "
As the Scarlet Fire Snake got closer and closer to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng felt a terrifying heat. The huge snake head grew bigger and bigger in Luo Zheng's eyes. Luo Zheng could even see two burning snake fangs!
"My speed is still not enough. If I continue to charge forward, I'll probably end up in the mouth of the Scarlet Fire Snake!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly activated all the dragon scales in his body. The sparkling green dragon scales flickered, and a turbulent power was poured into Luo Zheng's legs.
"Jump!"
His feet stomped on the stone block with great force. Even though the stone block was incomparably sturdy and had stood for countless years in the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, it still shook a little. Two clear footprints could be seen on the surface of the stone block.
Flying was forbidden in this trial road. Besides, Luo Zheng couldn't fly, so jumping was the most suitable option!
At this time, Luo Zheng was like a shooting star, rushing straight into the sky, drawing a high parabola, just in time to avoid the direct attack of the Scarlet Fire Snake.
"How … can he jump so high? Is he a grasshopper?" That male disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect said.
The two female disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect also couldn't hide their shocked expressions as they looked at Luo Zheng who had jumped into the air …
After entering the Illuminating Spirit Realm, these disciples all had the ability to fly. This height was nothing to them. The problem was that Luo Zheng couldn't fly. To jump so high just by relying on the strength of his legs, how strong was his jumping ability? Would his legs be able to take it?
The face of the disciple surnamed Pang was also ashen. He had originally planned to use Luo Zheng's life to feed the Scarlet Fire Snake. At the very least, he would be able to distract the Scarlet Fire Snake so that the four of them could take the opportunity to pass or join forces to kill it. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would jump so high …
That Scarlet Fire Snake obviously didn't expect this to happen. Its attack missed and it seemed to be enraged. It raised its huge snake head and let out an angry howl. Soon after, it opened its mouth and spat out scorching flames towards Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng jumped high, he heavily stepped on a stone pier. Feeling the intense heat behind him, he didn't even turn his head and continued to jump. Once again, he made a high parabola, forcibly avoiding the pursuit of the Scarlet Fire Snake.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had escaped far away, the Scarlet Fire Snake once again let out an angry howl. Soon after, it turned its head and tightly stared at the four disciples surnamed Pang with its two bean-sized snake eyes.
The disciple surnamed Pang looked at the Scarlet Fire Snake and swallowed his saliva. At this time, he really wanted to curse out loud.
Not only did Luo Zheng escape the pursuit of the Scarlet Fire Snake, he also successfully enraged it. Now, the four of them had to stop and face the wrath of the Scarlet Fire Snake …
"Jump, jump, jump …"
After getting rid of the Scarlet Fire Snake, Luo Zheng continued to jump from one stone pier to the next, continuing to move forward.
"The second stage of the Road of Smelting Trial is already somewhat difficult. I wonder what I'll encounter later on?" Luo Zheng jumped as he thought about the difficulty of the Road of Smelting Trial.
However, as he continued to jump, Luo Zheng discovered something strange. He felt that the sea level of the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was rising!
"The tide is rising so quickly?" Luo Zheng's heart trembled. This shouldn't be the case. He had only walked a short distance and the tide was already rising. How fast would it take for him to pass through the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames?
Luo Zheng thought that his feeling was wrong, so he stared at the stone piers in front of him. After a while, he discovered that the magma in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames had indeed risen by two inches. It really was high tide.
Once the tide rose, these stone piers would be covered by the magma. Perhaps he would really have to swim through the magma …
However, after thinking about it, he still felt that something was wrong. It was impossible for the disciples who were participating in the Road of Smelting Trial to pass through the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames at such a speed. Luo Zheng's body was special and could resist the power of the magma. However, it was impossible for the others to do so. Including Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and the other elite disciples of the Cloud Hall, none of them could survive in the magma.
So, how did they pass through the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames? Could it be that they had all been burned to death by the magma?
While his thoughts were running wild, the magma in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was rising higher and higher. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, it would take at most two or three incense sticks of time for the magma to reach the top of the stone piers.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly discovered that there was a high platform not too far in front of him!
Seeing the high platform, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. So that's how it is …
It was impossible to rush through this path during the intervals between the tides. Every time they rushed through a section of the path, a high platform would appear. This allowed a cultivator to avoid the rising tide and wait on the high platform. Once the high platform's tide ebbed, they could continue forward.
Without thinking much, Luo Zheng arrived at the side of the high platform and jumped up and rushed to the side of the high platform.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, there were actually other disciples on this high platform. Looking at their appearance, it seemed that they had suffered some injuries. Several of the disciples had been burned black and white by the flames and were currently recuperating from their injuries.
Seeing that Luo Zheng, who was at Xiantian third stage, was able to pass through this section of the road, the faces of these disciples revealed a look of surprise. One of them was surprised and asked: "How did you pass through the interception of those three Scarlet Fire Snakes?"
"Three? I only saw one. "Luo Zheng was surprised in his heart. It turned out that there was more than one Scarlet Fire Snake.
"Oh." The warrior nodded and said, "It seems that the other two Scarlet Fire Snakes should have been killed by someone, but you rushing over with the strength of Xiantian third stage is still quite surprising." The disciple looked up and down at Luo Zheng, then closed his eyes and concentrated on recuperating from his injuries. Being burned by the flames was quite troublesome for the warriors, not to mention the time limit of the road was limited, so they needed to recuperate from their injuries as soon as possible.
Luo Zheng was not injured. He stood at the edge of the platform and looked back. The tide of the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was slowly rising. He did not know how the two disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect and the two disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect were doing.
While looking back, he suddenly heard a violent explosion in the distance, followed by a huge flame rising into the sky, as if a group of gorgeous fireworks had exploded, exuding a magnificent luster.
Then, there were four small dots that kept running along the stone block.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. It seemed that these four people had wasted a lot of time fighting against the Scarlet Fire Snake.
If these four people were willing to join forces with him, then it wouldn't be difficult to quickly kill the Scarlet Fire Snake. In fact, even if Luo Zheng was alone, he could also kill the Scarlet Fire Snake, but he was leading the way and these four people were following behind him, drinking the soup. How could Luo Zheng let them succeed? Did they really think that he was easy to bully?
As a result, he had rushed through the Scarlet Fire Snake's interception, but these four people still had to face the wrath of the Scarlet Fire Snake.
The key point was that they had wasted a lot of time, and if the magma tide rose, then they really wouldn't have anywhere to run … …
It could be seen that these four people seemed to have activated their own secret methods, and their speed was constantly increasing, and they were rapidly rushing towards the platform.
At this moment, the magma tide was slowly approaching the stone block. The thickness of the stone block was only about three inches, and if the magma tide rose another three inches, then the stone block would be covered by the magma and they wouldn't have any place to land.

Chapter 350
"Go, go, go!"
"Faster, faster, faster!"
The two disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect were red in the face and sweating profusely. They had already raised their speed to the limit and were unable to go any faster.
On the contrary, a female disciple of the Iridescent Cloud Sect waved her hand and wisps of cyan true essence spread out.
"Traceless Cool Breeze!"
The female disciples of the Iridescent Cloud Sect had an auxiliary type cultivation method.
This' Traceless Cool Breeze 'could increase the movement speed of all disciples.
Wisps of cool breeze spread out and drilled into the legs of the four people. The four people's sprinting speed increased by a bit.
"The high platform is in front of us. Everyone, hold on!" The disciple surnamed Pang shouted.
Although the high platform was not far from them, the magma had already covered the stone piers and was flowing on the surface of the stone piers.
Seeing the stone piers being covered by the magma, the disciple surnamed Pang's eyes flashed with a hint of despair.
"Ah! It's burning me to death! " Another disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect stepped onto the magma. The scalding magma immediately charred his foot. However, he did not dare to stop. If he did, he would die. He could only endure the intense pain and continue forward.
There were still three or four stone piers in front of them. They only needed to cross these three or four stone piers to be able to jump onto the high platform.
However, these three or four stone piers seemed to be the road to hell! Because the stone piers had already disappeared! This meant that they had to step on the magma.
At this moment, the other female disciple of the Iridescent Cloud Sect clenched her teeth. A tiny ice crystal rune suddenly appeared on her elegant face. Soon after, she shouted, "Ice Sealing Ten Thousand Miles!"
Although this move was called 'Ice Sealing Ten Thousand Miles', it was naturally impossible for it to really freeze this Heaven Burning Sea of Fire. In fact, in such a hot environment, the ice attribute cultivation method of this female disciple was greatly reduced. The layers of frost only spread out for a distance of two to three zhang.
However, at this crucial moment, it was already enough to save their lives!
The biting cold frost extinguished the magma on the surface, turning it into a black ground. The four people stepped on the ground and advanced. Finally, before the frozen ground melted, they jumped onto the high platform.
The moment they jumped onto the high platform, the massive magma had already disintegrated the layer of ice that had just condensed. All of the stone piers had already been submerged by the magma and below the high platform was a sea of fire.
The disciple surnamed Pang and the other male disciple heavily fell onto the high platform. The disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect jumped onto the high platform and covered his foot as he screamed........................ and.........
The two female disciples of the Iridescent Cloud Sect were also slumped on the high platform. Their chests heaved up and down as they gasped for breath.
The disciple surnamed Pang leapt up and took out a pill from his chest, stuffing it into his Junior Apprentice Brother's mouth. At the same time, he took out a jade box from his spatial ring and took out a green ointment, smearing it on his Junior Apprentice Brother's burned foot.
...... When some of the cultivators on the high platform saw the green ointment, their eyes revealed a curious expression. The two male disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect were well prepared. This green ointment was specially used to treat burns. Moreover, it had a miraculous effect.
After the application was finished, the Junior Brother of the disciple surnamed Pang finally stopped screaming. However, it would be difficult for him to recover in a short time.
After dealing with his Junior Brother, the disciple surnamed Pang swept his gaze around and finally stared at Luo Zheng. He said in a cold voice, "Brat, you've caused me so much trouble. Speak, do you want to jump down yourself or do you want me to help you?"
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a faint smile, "How did I harm you?"
"You infuriated the Scarlet Fire Snake and then ran away. It wasn't easy for us to join forces and kill the Scarlet Fire Snake. That's why we wasted so much time. If we had been just a second slower, the four of us would have been buried in the sea of fire!" The more the disciple surnamed Pang spoke, the angrier he became. Surging waves of anger blossomed from his body. "Tell me, do you deserve to die?"
Luo Zheng put away the smile on his face and said with a calm expression, "I angered the Scarlet Fire Snake? Interesting! Do you want me to be eaten by the Scarlet Fire Snake before you're happy? Your lives are precious, but mine isn't? What kind of tyrannical logic is this? If it weren't for you waiting behind me, wanting me to be buried in the belly of the Scarlet Fire Snake, wanting me to open a path for you, would you have wasted so much time? You were almost swallowed by the lava … you only have yourselves to blame. You don't deserve any sympathy. "
As the other martial artists on the high platform heard Luo Zheng's words, they secretly shook their heads. These two fellows from the Misty Cloud Sect really didn't deserve any sympathy. They hoped that others would open a path in front of them and reap the benefits while they followed behind and drank the soup. How could there be such a good thing in this world?
Moreover, Luo Zheng had used his own ability to bypass the Scarlet Fire Snake. Even if he had angered the Scarlet Fire Snake, how could they blame Luo Zheng for this?
"Sympathy? Hahaha, do you know who I am? Do I need your sympathy? " The disciple surnamed Pang sneered. He took out a dark golden spear from his spatial ring and pointed the spear at Luo Zheng. "You're the one opening the path, and you're still not convinced? Let me tell you, in the world of martial artists, strength is revered. What is this so-called tyrannical logic? This is tyrannical logic. If your strength is inferior to others, then you deserve to be treated as cannon fodder. Obediently open a path in front of others, otherwise you die! But it's already too late for you to understand this truth. I won't give you the chance to continue being cannon fodder. I want you to die now … "
"In the world of martial artists … strength is revered …" Luo Zheng muttered, "I agree with your words, but it's a pity that you don't seem to understand the meaning of strength is revered. Or perhaps you don't understand just who is stronger and who should be revered …"
As Luo Zheng finished speaking, he took out the Flowing Light Sword from his spatial ring. A little bit of sword intent lingered around Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword, turning into sword intent cyclones one after another.
Seeing that the two were about to fight, the cultivators who were meditating and recuperating couldn't sit still. One of the cultivators quickly said, "If the two of you want to fight, you can fight after the Road of Smelting Trial is over!"
"Don't fight here! If this high platform is overturned, everyone will die! "
This high platform was supported by a thick pillar. At the top of the pillar was a wide platform, which looked like the shape of a fan.
This kind of structure wasn't particularly stable to begin with. In addition, the road of the smelting trial had existed for a very long time, and these things had slowly aged over the endless years. If these two people fought and the shockwaves from their battle overturned this high platform, then everyone would die!
This was not what they wanted to happen.
"Senior-apprentice Brother Pang, don't fight here. Let him go for the time being!" The two female disciples of the Rainbow Cloud Sect also advised.
The disciple surnamed Pang coldly looked at the sword intent cyclones above Luo Zheng, and his face revealed a trace of surprise. This boy seemed to have comprehended sword intent? Moreover, his comprehension seemed to be very deep. It wasn't just a small success sword intent, but a large success sword intent?
The pitiful disciple surnamed Pang wasn't a swordsman, but a spear user. He didn't recognize that Luo Zheng's sword intent wasn't a small success sword intent, nor was it a large success sword intent, but rather a perfect sword intent!
But even if this boy had comprehended sword intent, so what? Xiantian third stage, there was a large gap between him and the disciple surnamed Pang, and he was a top disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect! This was their Great Sect Competition, and this disciple surnamed Pang was participating in the road of the smelting trial as third place!
If it weren't for the two female disciples of the Rainbow Cloud Sect, he would have already rushed to the end of the road of the smelting trial.
"Very good, this place isn't suitable for fighting, otherwise I'll definitely turn you into a sieve!" The disciple surnamed Pang raised his spear shaft, and then put it back into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng expressionlessly said, "I'm actually very happy to fight here."
"You!" The disciple surnamed Pang originally thought that if he let this boy go, this boy would learn to restrain himself, but he didn't care at all. Was this boy really not afraid of death?
Luo Zheng certainly wasn't unafraid of death. People who weren't afraid of death often had nothing left to live for in this world. But Luo Zheng still had too many things to do, so he naturally couldn't die. It was just that Luo Zheng understood that with his own physique, he didn't fear this burning sea of fire.
If this high platform was overturned, then everyone on it would die. Perhaps only Luo Zheng would survive.

Chapter 351
"Humph! I won't let you walk out alive! "The disciple surnamed Pang sneered. He also found a place to sit down and began to meditate.
Just now, in order to reach this high platform, the four of them had risked their lives. Excessively stimulating their body's potential was a type of destruction to a martial artist's body. Some secret techniques could even harm a martial artist's foundation. If it wasn't a matter of life or death, no one would be willing to do such a thing.
The vast Heaven Burning Sea of Flames was not unchanging. Although the sea of flames was filled with magma, the magma also had waves and would constantly churn. Looking into the distance, there were some indescribable creatures that poked their heads out of the sea of flames and spat out magma. After a short while, they drilled back into the magma.
The essence of these creatures was very different from that of humans. They were actually able to safely survive in the magma. If they left the magma, they would likely die.
The world was truly vast and filled with all sorts of strange things. It was unknown which world this broken world belonged to, but this Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was likely hiding an even greater secret …
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he naturally didn't have the ability to explore these secrets. At most, he could only sigh.
Sitting on the high platform, Luo Zheng also adjusted his breathing. He still had to deal with the second part of the road.
The Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was so vast that he had to find a second high platform in the next round. Therefore, once the tide ebbed, he had to race against time and couldn't be careless. All of the Sect disciples on the high platform were well aware of this point.
An hour later, the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames suddenly began to fluctuate …
"The tide is ebbing …" A disciple muttered. Facing the next round of challenges, it was difficult to determine whether he was feeling fear or excitement. This was because if they weren't careful, they would be buried in this sea of flames.
As soon as the stone blocks appeared, some martial artists had already taken the lead and rushed down the high platform.
This was a very dangerous move. After all, this sea of magma had waves, and the tide of magma hadn't completely ebbed. It was likely that during the ebbing of the tide, the waves would once again flood the stone blocks. But in order to gain time, some martial artists had no choice but to set out ahead of time.
After the first martial artist jumped down from the high platform, a second and a third followed suit …
Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the edge of the platform, pushed himself hard. His body spun in the air, rolled twice in the air, and accurately landed on a stone block.
The surging magma below the stone block released extremely high heat. Luo Zheng was undaunted and continued to move forward.
The disciple surnamed Pang looked at Luo Zheng's receding figure and asked through clenched teeth, "Junior Brother, are you feeling better?"
His junior brother shook his head with a long face and said, "Let's just wait for the next tide!"
The two disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect were unable to move forward, but the two female disciples of the Iridescent Cloud Sect could not wait any longer. They cupped their hands towards the disciple surnamed Pang and said: "Senior Pang, since this is the case, we will also take our leave first."
Seeing the two beautiful figures fluttering down from the high platform, the disciple surnamed Pang shook his head. There was nothing he could do about it. The world of martial artists was like this. The two female disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect had followed them in the hopes that they could protect them.
However, not only were they unable to take care of themselves, they also almost killed two female disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect. These two Junior Sisters naturally did not choose to travel with them.
"Everything, everything is because of that boy from the Blue Cloud Sect. Xiantian third stage, don't let me catch up with you. When I catch up with you, I will make you understand what it means to regret being born into this world!" The eyes of the disciple surnamed Pang bloomed with a trace of blood. Since he had entered the Misty Cloud Sect, no one had ever made him suffer such a big loss!
In fact, from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had never provoked him. Even at the initial stage of entering the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, he had opened up a path for them and exterminated the Flame Spirits. However, some people were like this. They would never think about the mistakes they had made, and all the mistakes came from others.
For such people, Luo Zheng was simply disinclined to pay attention to them.
There were seven or eight people in this group of martial artists, and the previous situation did not occur. The several martial artists were very clear in their hearts that they had to work together to cross the sea of flames. If they did not cooperate with each other and were delayed, then they would not be able to reach the next high platform, then everyone would die.
Therefore, when they encountered those terrifying creatures in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames in front of them, everyone quickly joined forces and attacked together to kill them.
These disciples were the top disciples of their respective Sects. Whether it was in terms of foundation or strength, they were far superior to ordinary disciples. Even the two female disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect were not ordinary. Therefore, when they worked together, they basically did not encounter any obstacles.
"That's right … those two guys from the Misty Cloud Sect were idiots at first glance. Sure enough, you can't choose pig-like teammates." Luo Zheng secretly thought. However, these people could not be regarded as teammates. On the contrary, they were his competitors. It was just that in this dangerous situation, everyone had chosen to join forces.
Just as Luo Zheng was running with all his might, he suddenly heard a martial artist shout: "Quickly look, what is that?"
Luo Zheng looked in the direction pointed by that martial artist and saw waves of magma gushing out from the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames. Obviously, something was rapidly approaching under the magma.
All the martial artists' faces revealed a vigilant look. They clearly knew that this rapidly approaching thing was not a good thing.
When the unknown creature under the magma was about to reach the stone block, it suddenly drilled out from the magma.
It turned out to be an extremely ugly creature. Its entire body seemed to be triangular, about ten feet wide, but its body was very thin, like a huge kite. The most eye-catching thing was that it had a long tail with a barbed hook, just like the tail of a demon.
"It's a Fire Bat Devil Ray! Be careful … How can there be so many! "A martial artist screamed.
When the first Fiery Bat Devil Ray leaped out of the magma, more waves swept over. As far as the eye could see, there were at least thirty to forty waves surging towards the martial artists. Under each wave was a Fiery Bat Devil Ray, which meant that there were at least thirty to forty of them.
"Everyone, quickly go! Get rid of them! "Someone shouted.
Many martial artists felt a chill in their hearts and continued to run wildly, hoping to rely on speed to get rid of these Fire Bat Devil Rays.
However, the speed of these Fire Bat Devil Rays was really too fast. Their speed in the water was far faster than the running speed of these martial artists.
Luo Zheng saw a wave rapidly extend forward. Then, a Fire Bat Devil Ray leaped out of the magma and pounced on a martial artist in front.
The martialist was not weak either. Facing the Fiery Bat Ghost Fish, a dazzling golden saber appeared in his hand instantly. He slashed at the Fiery Bat Ghost Fish in the air. The overbearing saber Qi was mixed with terrifying saber essence and swept out.
"Great Success Saber Intent …" Seeing the saber intent contained in this saber, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. It seemed that the top disciples of the other sects did not dare to underestimate him. Previously, he thought that the martial artist in front of him was ordinary and not fast, but he actually had Great Success Saber Intent.
"Puff!"
The Fire Bat Devil Ray rushed into the air and had no space to dodge. It was instantly slashed by the saber.
However, the Fire Bat Devil Ray's body was huge. Although the saber penetrated its thin body, it did not completely kill it. The demon-like tail under its body swept towards the martial artist fiercely.
The martial artist made a prompt decision. He aimed at the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail and slashed back.
"Dang!"
The saber Qi slashed on the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail and actually bloomed a little bit of sparks.
This tail was so hard? The martial artist never expected that his domineering saber Qi could not cut off the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail. He was stunned for a moment.
Being stunned at this time was fatal. Just as the martial artist was stunned, the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail swept towards him.
If the martial artist was caught by the Fire Bat Devil Ray, he would be dragged into the magma. He would definitely die without a burial place.
At this moment, Luo Zheng made a prompt decision. He unsheathed the Flowing Light Sword. His speed suddenly increased by 30%. An afterimage swept past the martial artist's body. At the same time, a bright silver sword light flashed. This sword slashed the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail.
"Ao …"
The Fiery Bat Devil Ray let out a blood-curdling screech. Its wide body twisted and dived back into the magma.
As for its broken tail, it circled in the air before landing on the stone pier.
It was not until this moment that the martial artist came back to his senses. He realized that he had been saved by Luo Zheng. He was pulled back from the brink of death by Luo Zheng. His face naturally revealed a grateful expression.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 352
Even with Luo Zheng's perfect sword intent, it still took him ninety percent of his strength to cut off the tail of this Fiery Bat Devil Ray. He didn't know how this Fiery Bat Devil Ray's tail had been severed.
Luo Zheng picked up the severed tail, looked at it casually, and then stuffed it into his spatial ring. The tail of such a monster beast was a rare material that could be used to refine tools in the future. Even if he couldn't use it, he could still sell it for a good price.
"Thank you, friend, for saving my life." The martial artist cupped his hands. He was naturally aware of the value of this Fiery Bat Devil Ray's tail, but it wasn't suitable for him to compete with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was at the Xiantian third stage, so it was impossible for these warriors to not despise him. After all, the difference in cultivation level between him and the elites of the various sects was too big. But now, this warrior had completely put away his contempt for Luo Zheng. He had used the Dacheng level blade intent to chop out a blade attack, but he had used all of his strength to chop out a blade attack.
The result was that he couldn't move the Fiery Bat Devil Ray's tail at all. However, Luo Zheng had easily cut it off with his sword. This martial artist guessed that Luo Zheng hadn't used all of his strength …
Such an abnormal guy, one shouldn't provoke him …
"No need to thank me. We're all on the same path, so it's inevitable that we'll help each other!"
At this time, many Fiery Bat Devil Rays jumped up one after another, attacking the martial artists on the stone block.
These martial artists also displayed their own unique skills!
How could the road of the smelting trial be so easy to pass? If one didn't do well, they would have to pay the price with their life. At this time, none of the martial artists tried their best. They kept running while killing these Fiery Bat Devil Rays.
"Ah …"
A martial artist screamed. He couldn't dodge in time and was dragged into the magma by a Fiery Bat Devil Ray. His protective true essence resisted the magma for less than a breath of time. Then, five or six Fiery Bat Devil Rays rushed out and dragged him into the depths of the magma.
Many martial artists saw this scene and their expressions darkened. The impact of seeing someone die for the first time was still very strong.
However, these martial artists were the top disciples of their respective sects. To be so outstanding, they had experienced life and death experiences. They were very clear that fear, fear, and retreating, these negative emotions wouldn't solve any problems. At this time, they could only fight with their lives on the line.
If they fought hard, they could still move forward. If they retreated, they would die.
Many people understood this principle, but they were unable to carry it out very well. At this time, it could be seen that the temperament of this group of elite disciples was far stronger than that of ordinary disciples.
"Let's fight! Let's go! "
"Everyone, be careful. Don't just attack the Devil Ray. Just try to avoid it!"
Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword flashed with silver flowers. He did not intend to kill these Fiery Bat Devil Fish. There were too many of them, and it was impossible to kill them all. The key was that each Devil Fish was not small in size. It would take a lot of time to seriously injure them.
Therefore, Luo Zheng kept dodging. If a Devil Ray came close, he would fight back with his sword.
Everyone rushed out for seven to eight miles before they finally got rid of the Devil Fish.
Except for Luo Zheng, many people were already panting from exhaustion. The two female disciples of the Colorful Clouds Sect were dripping with fragrant sweat, looking as if they were about to collapse.
However, looking at the endless sea of fire in front of them, as well as the densely packed stone blocks, no one dared to rest. They could only grit their teeth and continue to rush forward. If they were a little slower, the magma tide would rise, and everyone would still die.
One of the martial artists patted his pocket, and ten medicinal pills appeared in his hand. With a casual flick, those medicinal pills flew towards everyone. "Eat them. These are Qi Recovery Pills. They can replenish everyone's physical strength and a small portion of True Essence."
Martial artists needed to meditate little by little in order to cultivate the True Essence in their body. Any medicinal pill that could replenish True Essence was expensive. This martial artist was bleeding money today, as he had taken out ten pills in one go.
Obviously, his actions were very wise. If everyone had not gathered together, they would not have been able to pass through the school of Devil Fish. Everyone replenished their True Essence and physical strength, so that they could better help each other and rush out of this place of death!
For the rest of the journey, everyone did not encounter any stronger creatures.
"The tide is rising," a martial artist shouted.
"I also see it, but the next high platform is not far away. It's right in front!" Another martial artist pointed ahead.
This was the second high platform of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. Compared to the first high platform, it was much larger. This high platform looked like a pavilion in the air, with more than a dozen pillars supporting it. Next to the high platform, there was a road that extended over! There was actually a small island next to it!
An island that stood tall in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire!
"Rush up, and we'll be safe!"
Although it was indeed surprising to see an island in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, everyone's attention was still on the high platform. All questions could wait until they reached the high platform.
Hope was right in front of them. Even if no one reminded them, everyone's speed increased a bit. When they reached the high platform, everyone took a deep breath and jumped up the twenty to thirty feet high platform.
Luo Zheng also stepped firmly on the high platform.
"This high platform is in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. In other words, we've already walked half of the journey," a martial artist said as he wiped the sweat on his forehead.
"I heard that there is a hidden trial on this high platform. If we can pass this trial, we can obtain great benefits," another martial artist said as he looked at the small island behind the high platform.
"Hidden trial?" Luo Zheng's heart moved. That small island should be the so-called hidden trial.
The benefits of this trial were the envy of the experts in the Cloud Hall. However, due to the limitation of their cultivation, they couldn't enter and could only let the younger generation of disciples explore.
Compared to the previous high platform, there were more people on this high platform. The previous high platform was only used for martial artists to hide from the magma tide, but this high platform was really used for resting. There were more than twenty martial artists on the high platform, including disciples from the Magic Cloud Sect, Misty Cloud Sect, Rosy Cloud Sect, and Cloud Hall.
Why didn't he see Hua Tianming or Pei Tianyao? Luo Zheng looked around but didn't see anyone from the Blue Cloud Sect.
Maybe they had continued to move forward, or maybe they had entered the hidden trial … …
"Should I enter the small island?" Luo Zheng thought for a moment and didn't hesitate at all. It wasn't easy to enter the trial by fire, so how could he let go of this opportunity?
As a hidden trial, the risk might be very high, but the opportunity was certainly not small.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't sit down and meditate like the other martial artists, but instead walked towards the end of the high platform.
When the other martial artists saw that Luo Zheng wanted to enter the small island, their faces showed a trace of surprise. A Xiantian third stage martial artist wanted to challenge the hidden trial by fire? Was he courting death?
There were many elite disciples who went to challenge the hidden trial by fire every time, but how many of them could really obtain the opportunity? On the contrary, there were many people who were seriously injured or even killed. As the saying goes, people die for wealth and birds die for food.
It was not impossible to challenge the hidden trial by fire, but one had to grasp their own ability.
On the side of the passage, two disciples dressed in white stood. They were the disciples of the Cloud Hall.
Seeing Luo Zheng come over, the corners of their mouths slightly raised and their eyes flashed with a touch of ridicule. One of the disciples of the Cloud Hall said: "Stop."
Looking at the two guys blocking the way, Luo Zheng slightly wrinkled his eyebrows and asked: "What's the matter?"
"We, the people of the Cloud Hall, are currently challenging the hidden trial. Unrelated people are not allowed to enter!" The disciple of the Cloud Hall said indifferently.
"Unrelated people? Haha, we are all here to enter the trial by fire, so why are we unrelated people? " Luo Zheng's complexion sank. It seemed that the world was like this, and there were people everywhere who felt that they were superior to others.
When Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, the descendants of the Shi Family had felt that they were superior to others and their eyes had grown on their heads. And these disciples of the Cloud Hall were also the same. Did they really think that the trial by fire was completely prepared for the disciples of the Cloud Hall?
In fact, Luo Zheng had guessed correctly.
This group of disciples of the Cloud Hall really thought so, after all, they were the orthodox disciples of the Cloud Hall! In their eyes, these second-grade sects under the jurisdiction of the Cloud Hall simply didn't have the qualifications to sit on the same level as them.

Chapter 353
Hearing the Cloud Hall's disciple's words, several warriors beside him also showed an indignant expression. These warriors also wanted to try their luck and strength, but they were blocked by the two Cloud Hall's disciples. They didn't have the courage to confront the Cloud Hall's disciples directly, so they could only stare at them from the side.
"I said you're an idler, so you're an idler! Not convinced? You're just a bunch of country bumpkins. Haha, if you were in our Cloud Hall, you wouldn't even count as a hair. You probably wouldn't even be able to enter the top 100! "The Cloud Hall's disciple laughed loudly.
The words of the Cloud Hall's disciple offended all the warriors from the other sects. At this time, even the warriors who didn't intend to enter the island showed a trace of anger on their faces.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Then, his right hand stretched out like lightning and grabbed the Cloud Hall's disciple's neck. Then, like a giant bird spreading its wings, he dragged the Cloud Hall's disciple to the edge of the high platform, suspending the Cloud Hall's disciple in the air.
Under the feet of the Cloud Hall's disciple, there was a vast sea of fire. As long as Luo Zheng let go, there would be no place to borrow strength, and the Cloud Hall's disciple would fall straight into the sea of fire.
"Ah ah ah ah, let go of me!" The Cloud Hall's disciple shouted angrily. After being attacked by Luo Zheng, he didn't seem to have reacted.
"Let go of you? You said it yourself … "Luo Zheng loosened his hand, and the Cloud Hall's disciple slid down a little. Only then did the Cloud Hall's disciple realize that if Luo Zheng let go, he would be dead!
"Bastard, pull me up!" The Cloud Hall's disciple struggled and cursed angrily.
"You still dare to curse? I really admire your courage." Luo Zheng instantly let go of his hand, and the Cloud Hall's disciple was suspended in the air. His eyes were full of fear. At this time, he didn't even dare to speak. However, before he fell, Luo Zheng stretched out two fingers and grabbed the Cloud Hall's disciple's collar …
This meant that the Cloud Hall's disciple's life depended on Luo Zheng's two fingers and thin collar.
In fact, with the strength of this Cloud Hall's disciple, Luo Zheng wouldn't succeed so easily. However, these Cloud Hall's disciples were too arrogant. They felt that the two words "Cloud Hall" were a golden signboard. As long as they mentioned the two words "Cloud Hall" to these country bumpkins, these country bumpkins would obediently surrender and obediently retreat.
In fact, it did have this effect before. When they intercepted the warriors who wanted to enter the hidden trial, they only needed to say a few words to deal with them. When those warriors heard that they were from the Cloud Hall, they could only stare at them from the side. This feeling of being high and mighty was really good.
Therefore, this Cloud Hall's disciple didn't expect that Luo Zheng would dare to suddenly attack him. Moreover, he directly threw him in the air and grabbed his collar with two fingers.
If this collar broke, he would be dead! Is this guy crazy? Is he not afraid of our Cloud Hall? This Cloud Hall's disciple was nervous to the extreme. He didn't dare to struggle at all. Even his breathing was very careful.
"You better beg for your collar to be sturdier. Now, let me ask you again. Can I enter this hidden trial?" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile. In the eyes of the Cloud Hall's disciple, his kind smile was as terrifying as a demon's.
When the other Cloud Hall's disciple saw this scene, he turned pale with fright. At this moment, he said, "You, do you understand what you are doing? You want to challenge the Cloud Hall? "
Luo Zheng turned around and stared at the other Cloud Hall's disciple. Like an unfathomable beast, he immediately made the other Cloud Hall's disciple's hair stand on end. "Strange. Since you want to pass the trial, then you want to become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall. In other words, you are just ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall. What I don't understand is, who gave you the confidence to think that you can represent the Cloud Hall? Or is your father the Palace Lord of the Cloud Hall? "
"I … …" That Cloud Hall's disciple suddenly choked. Although he was one of the top ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall and could be regarded as the elite of the elites, but compared to the real elite disciples of the Cloud Hall, his status was definitely inferior. In the end, he was still an ordinary disciple. He had participated in the trial in order to be promoted to an elite disciple!
"Now, will you stop me?" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile, "My fingers are somewhat sore!"
After that, Luo Zheng's fingers slightly loosened, and the Cloud Hall's disciple's collar slid down by one centimeter. Now, Luo Zheng was only using his thumb and index finger to pinch that disciple's collar.
That poor Cloud Hall's disciple was terrified to the extreme. His eyes were wide open, but he didn't dare to shout, didn't dare to speak, and didn't dare to move.
"No, no, I won't stop you … … you pull him up first!" That Cloud Hall's disciple didn't dare to stop this guy. How could he have thought that this little guy of Xiantian third stage would be so ruthless? If he really loosened his grip, then it would be troublesome.
Luo Zheng gently lifted his hand, and that disciple who was suspended in the air was pulled up by Luo Zheng. He heavily threw that disciple into the air, and then fiercely fell on the high platform.
The moment that Cloud Hall's disciple fell on the high platform, he turned over, and a fierce imposing aura erupted from his body. Zhen Yuan also instantly bloomed. This Cloud Hall's disciple seemed to be a ruthless person. He had just escaped from danger, and unexpectedly, he wanted to start a fight with Luo Zheng.
But the moment this disciple turned over and pulled out a small dagger, a sword flower suddenly blossomed on his arm.
"Puchi!"
From that Cloud Hall's disciple's arm, a bright flower of blood blossomed, and his arm, together with his dagger, rolled on the ground.
Luo Zheng swayed the Flowing Light Sword in his hand, and a trace of blood dripped down along the tip of the sword, unable to stay on the extremely smooth surface of the Flowing Light Sword. Luo Zheng said with a cold look: "Did you really think that I was just scaring you a moment ago? That I would let you off unscathed after being in such a thrilling situation? Did you think that the two words' Cloud Hall 'are your golden ticket to avoid death? "
Seeing this scene, all the warriors on the high platform went silent.
This boy was too damn ruthless.
Those two female disciples of Iridescent Clouds Sect covered their mouths.
Originally, on the high platform, they had thought that Luo Zheng was simply overestimating himself when he challenged Senior brother Pang of Misty Cloud Sect. They had even thought that he was certain that Senior brother Pang wouldn't fight with Luo Zheng on the high platform, so he had said those ruthless words to intimidate Senior brother Pang.
They didn't expect this boy to be so fearless. He didn't even show any mercy to the people of the Cloud Hall. With just one sword strike, he had severed the arm of that Cloud Hall disciple.
How big of a mess was this going to cause?
The warriors present were all top disciples of second-grade sects. In fact, in terms of strength, they might not be comparable to the top ten disciples of the Cloud Hall. However, they weren't afraid of the two disciples of the Cloud Hall. What they were afraid of was the Cloud Hall.
Whether it was the Misty Cloud Sect or the Lucky Cloud Sect, from the moment they entered their sects, they were aware of the existence of the Cloud Hall. This Cloud Hall was a fourth-grade sect, and even the Sect Masters of second-grade sects were only small deacons in the Cloud Hall. One could imagine how supreme this Cloud Hall was.
Therefore, when they encountered disciples of the Cloud Hall, even if they were weaker than the disciples of the Cloud Hall, these warriors didn't dare to make a move.
Looking at his severed arm, the disciple of the Cloud Hall was stunned. He clenched his teeth and said, "You, you dare to sever my arm! I … "
Unexpectedly, before the disciple of the Cloud Hall could finish his words, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword had already pressed against the disciple's face. The tip of the sword pierced through the disciple's forehead, and a bead of blood flowed out from the wound.
"I, I'm not in the mood to listen to your nonsense. I've heard this countless times, and I've long lost my patience. One more word and you'll die," Luo Zheng said expressionlessly.
The disciple of the Cloud Hall was trembling. To be able to step onto the road of trial challengers, this disciple of the Cloud Hall could be considered a peak existence among the ordinary disciples. He was a third-stage Divine Reflection powerhouse, an entire realm higher than Luo Zheng. Yet, he was so frightened by Luo Zheng that he was trembling!
When the other disciple of the Cloud Hall saw this, he tactfully shut his mouth. A severed arm wasn't untreatable. At the very least, the arm was still intact. As long as it was reattached and supplemented with pills, it would be able to heal in a short time. However, this severed arm couldn't be compared to before. It would take a lot of time to completely heal it. For any martial artist, this wasn't a small loss.
Luo Zheng sheathed his sword and stuffed it into his spatial ring. Then, without turning his head, he walked towards the side of the high platform, leaving behind a group of martial artists who were looking at him in awe.

Chapter 354
Outside the arched door, Fei Han laughed and said, "Amazing, amazing. Decisive and brave. This kid is really a moldable talent. Old Shi, you must have spent a lot of effort on Luo Zheng, right?
Seeing Luo Zheng's performance, Shi Jingtian felt a lot more relaxed. Not only was Luo Zheng strong, but his methods and wisdom were also much better than that idiot Li Yifeng.
To put it bluntly, the arrogance of the Cloud Hall's disciples was because they borrowed the power of the Cloud Hall to suppress the disciples of the Second Grade Sects. One couldn't blame the disciples of the Cloud Hall. Anyone who became a disciple of the Cloud Hall would borrow the power of the Cloud Hall! However, Luo Zheng's vision was much clearer than other warriors.
He was very clear about his opponent's identity. He was also very clear that as long as he was strong enough, he would attract the attention of the Cloud Hall! You are indeed a disciple of the Cloud Hall. I will become a better disciple of the Cloud Hall than you. We are all on the same level. You are dreaming if you think you can use the name of the Cloud Hall to suppress me.
To be able to realize this, Luo Zheng not only had extraordinary strength, but also extraordinary vision and confidence!
However, Fei Han said that he had spent a lot of effort on him. This sentence made Shi Jingtian blush …
As the Sect Leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian might have paid attention to Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Wang Yun, Mo Yuxin and the other disciples before the All-Peak Competition. However, he had never heard of the name "Luo Zheng". He also didn't know that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's brother.
Luo Zheng seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. If it wasn't for the All-Peak Competition where Luo Zheng shone brightly, Shi Jingtian wouldn't have paid attention to this little guy.
Therefore, Shi Jingtian didn't spend any effort on Luo Zheng. He didn't even give him any pointers.
Thus, when he heard Elder Fei Han's words, Shi Jingtian could only force out a laugh.
This time, Shi Jingtian was really proud of himself. Not only did Luo Zheng get the recognition of Elder Fei Han, but Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao also performed amazingly. Through the letter tablet, Shi Jingtian observed that Hua Tianming had already finished the second stage of the Trial Warrior's Path. Pei Tianyao's situation was also similar.
As for the Sect Masters of the other four Sects, they could only be envious at this time. Wei Yulong was even more speechless. The third-ranked disciple of Hua Tianming had actually defeated their Drifting Cloud Sect. Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng were even more monstrous. How could they compare? There was no way to compare!
"However, although Luo Zheng is powerful, if he encounters Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua from my Cloud Computing Hall, I'm afraid it will still be a little troublesome. It depends on how Luo Zheng deals with them." Fei Han shook his head and said with a smile, "I hope Luo Zheng won't have too much conflict with them. Otherwise, I'm afraid he will suffer."
"Zhuo Bufan? Elder Fei, you're talking about Mister Zhuo's son, right? " Granny Huan of the Colorful Cloud Sect suddenly laughed. This dark-faced old woman had a bad expression from beginning to end. Unexpectedly, when she heard the name Zhuo Bufan, a smile appeared on her face.
Elder Fei Han nodded. "Mister Zhuo is very concerned about Zhuo Bufan's Trial Test this time. He originally planned to invite him personally, but something happened in the Cloud Computing Hall, so he couldn't come!"
Granny Huan smiled, revealing her broken teeth. "Zhuo Bufan is a real dragon among men. Don't compare him with a nobody like Luo Zheng!"
"Granny Huan, your words are unpleasant to hear. What do you mean by a nobody? I know that your eldest disciple, Jin Qiaoning, has just been engaged to Mister Zhuo, but you can't belittle the disciples of my Blue Cloud Sect like this! " Shi Jingtian was suddenly unhappy. Although he knew that Granny Huan was very difficult to deal with and not to be trifled with, Shi Jingtian, who had always been protective of his own people, couldn't help it. What's more, Luo Zheng had earned him enough face this time. How could he not stand up for Luo Zheng?
"Hmph, he's just a junior from the grassroots. What's wrong with me, Granny Huan, saying a few words? Is Luo Zheng's name inlaid with gold? It's just that his performance is a little amazing. I think this kid is too sharp and is destined to not go far! Zhuo Bufan and Luo Zheng are both on the Trial Test and are destined to meet. Just wait and see, what's more, I … "
Granny Huan's words made Granny Huan frown. The other Sect Masters were also secretly amused.
They all knew that Granny Huan was difficult to deal with. Who asked Shi Jingtian to provoke her?
Shi Jingtian held his breath and didn't refute Granny Huan. However, he cursed this old woman a hundred thousand times in his heart. Just wait and see. Luo Zheng's strength is definitely not as simple as it seems on the surface. So what if he's Mister Zhuo's son? So what if Zhao Xiaohua is powerful!
While these big shots were discussing, Luo Zheng had already stepped onto the passage behind the high platform.
This so-called hidden Trial Test wasn't actually hidden. Above the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, there were stone pillars that held up a long passage. As long as one had eyes, they would be able to see it. How could it be called hidden?
However, to pass the Trial Test, one didn't have to enter this small island. Therefore, this small island should be called an optional Trial Test.
After passing through this passage, Luo Zheng set foot on this small island.
Waves of rolling magma hit the rocks, solidifying into pitch-black stones. Layers upon layers of magma piled up to form rocks that looked like wrinkles on one's skin.
To be able to form a small island in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was originally a miracle. What made Luo Zheng feel even more strange was that there were actually plants on this small island!
It had to be known that the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was a sea of magma. The air here was extremely poor, and there was a sulfuric smell in the nose. Martial artists with strong physiques weren't affected by this, but if a mortal were to come here for a while, they would probably be choked by the smell and become dizzy. They simply wouldn't be able to endure it.
Plants that were even more sensitive to air were actually able to survive on this small island. One could only sigh at the mysteries of the Creator.
However, after Luo Zheng had seen plants that could crawl on the ground, he was able to accept the various strange aspects of this shattered space …
After being accustomed to the boundless sea of magma, Luo Zheng felt a trace of satisfaction as he entered this forest.
While feeling satisfied, Luo Zheng also became extremely vigilant. Since this was a hidden Trial Test, the difficulty wouldn't be low.
There was a passage in this forest. It could be seen that this passage had been forcibly opened up by someone. There were branches that had been cut off by sharp blades everywhere, and there were also messy footprints.
This passage should have been opened up by a disciple of the Cloud Hall.
Since someone had opened up a path, Luo Zheng naturally took advantage of it and walked straight along this passage.
After just a dozen steps, Luo Zheng heard a rustling sound. He turned around, and the sound immediately disappeared.
He looked up and down, left and right, but didn't find anything. To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng even used his soul force to perceive the surrounding environment. Other than the trees and the forest, there was still nothing.
Luo Zheng once again took a step forward and continued to walk forward. However, just as he walked for a while, the rustling sound suddenly rang out again.
"What the hell is it?" Luo Zheng frowned. He stopped and looked around, but there was still nothing.
Although he didn't see anything, Luo Zheng was sure that he was being watched by something. However, this thing seemed to be very good at hiding. Even with his keen perception, he couldn't detect it.
Just as Luo Zheng took a step forward, the rustling sound rang out again. Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and saw that the trees were full of fist-sized spiders. These spiders had a ghost face on their backs.
"Ghost Face Spiders? So big? "
Although Ghost Face Spiders weren't common, this kind of creature was widely known in the Eastern Region. This was because Ghost Face Spiders had a ghost face on their backs, and it was very poisonous. It could be used in medicine, alchemy, poison, and many other things.
However, ordinary Ghost Face Spiders were very small, unlike these Ghost Face Spiders which were fist-sized. What was even more peculiar was that these spiders seemed to be able to isolate their own biological aura. If they were hiding behind the leaves, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to detect their existence.
So many Ghost Face Spiders were densely lying on the trees. It seemed that they were eyeing Luo Zheng covetously and would swarm him at any time.
"Go!"
Luo Zheng's back was facing the road ahead. He kept retreating, and the perfect sword intent on the Flowing Light Sword in his hand began to rotate.
"Rustling rustling rustling rustling rustling rustling …"
As soon as Luo Zheng moved, these Ghost Face Spiders also surged, jumping back and forth between the trees. Obviously, they wanted to drown Luo Zheng with their numbers.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 355
Seven or eight Ghost-Faced Spiders at the front jumped up and rushed toward Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng could almost see their poisonous fangs shining with a dark green luster. Obviously, they were highly toxic. Once bitten, one would either die immediately or be paralyzed.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of the poisonous fangs of the Ghost-Faced Spiders. His Upper Level Spiritual Tool Body was immune to all kinds of poisons. The problem was that if he were to be wrapped by such disgusting things, he would have goosebumps all over his body.
"Break for me!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless sword intent cyclones twisted toward those Ghost-Faced Spiders.
"Ding ding ding dang dang dang dang dang …"
To Luo Zheng's surprise, his sword intent cyclones twisted toward the Ghost-Faced Spiders and actually made a sound of metal clashing.
"So hard?"
How sharp was Luo Zheng's Perfect Sword Intent? It couldn't cut through the defense of these Ghost-Faced Spiders and could only twist them away.
After being twisted away by Luo Zheng, the Ghost-Faced Spiders rolled a few times on the ground and got up unscathed. They opened their poisonous fangs and hissed at Luo Zheng, then rushed up again.
If Luo Zheng used his full strength, he could certainly kill these Ghost-Faced Spiders. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, these Ghost-Faced Spiders' defense should be a little weaker than that of the Fire Bats and Devil Rays. However, there were so many Ghost-Faced Spiders that it was impossible to kill them all one by one.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only use his sword intent to roll these spiders away, while he continued to move forward along the path opened by the disciples of the Cloud Hall.
After being chased by these Ghost-Faced Spiders for a while, Luo Zheng finally rushed out of the jungle. As soon as he rushed out of the jungle, he saw an open valley where the disciples of the Cloud Hall were.
It turned out that not only Luo Zheng was besieged by these Ghost-Faced Spiders, but the disciples of the Cloud Hall were also besieged. In this open valley, countless Ghost-Faced Spiders' corpses were densely piled up. Not far away, twelve disciples of the Cloud Hall were standing in their respective positions and setting up an array.
Warriors could use the combination of True Essence and Cultivation Methods to jointly display some powerful arrays.
The twelve disciples of the Cloud Hall did so. Their array inherited from the Cloud Hall seemed to be very powerful. Waves of Ghost-Faced Spiders attacked from the surrounding Cloud Hall, a white-clothed youth standing in the middle gave an order, "Golden Geng Gold Thorns!"
The six people on the left stretched out their left hand at the same time and pressed on an acupuncture point on their right hand. After the Zhen Yuan of the six people fused together, a golden spear condensed on the ground and instantly pierced through the large wave of Ghost-Faced Spiders.
Next, the white-clothed youth ordered, "Burn!"
.... and Face Spiders........ Ghost-Faced Cloud Spiders. s... burned.... and and................. and. red...... red.... of them.... of them of Of That of Flames flames, the of Spiders of, Spiders ers ers ers. spiders ers ers
The white-clothed youth in the middle saw Luo Zheng rush out alone with a large group of Ghost-Faced Spiders behind him. His face sank. "We, the Cloud Hall disciples, are trying to break through. Why did someone else come in?"
After the white-clothed youth finished speaking, the other twelve disciples also stared at Luo Zheng with gloomy faces. Obviously, they didn't want anyone else to enter this island, so they sent two people to guard the entrance of the high platform. They didn't expect someone to come in. What a fearless bastard.
The sword intent in Luo Zheng's hand flourished and formed a protective sword intent. It wrapped around him tightly. The Ghost-Faced Spiders couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. All the Ghost-Faced Spiders that pounced on him were bounced back by his sword intent.
Hearing the white-clothed youth's words, Luo Zheng stood in place and sneered. "Is the Road of Trial Takers opened by your family? You're trying to break through, but I can't? What a joke! "
The expressions of the thirteen disciples of the Cloud Hall suddenly changed, especially the white-clothed youth, whose eyes revealed a trace of malice. He originally wanted to give this guy a warning and drive him away, but he didn't expect this guy to be so ungrateful.
"Humph, you can't blame me if you want to die," the white-clothed youth suddenly said. "Wind of Kan!"
This white-robed young man was also ruthless and daring. He wanted to borrow the power of their formation to kill Luo Zheng without saying a word!
How terrifying was the power of the formation formed by twelve Divine Reflection Realm disciples?
Take those Ghost-Faced Spiders for example. Luo Zheng needed to use his full strength to kill one Ghost-Faced Spider. If he used the broken flying dagger, he should be able to kill them faster. But no matter how fast he was, he couldn't compare to their formation. Then, a True Essence attack could kill a large number of Ghost-Faced Spiders.
Seeing the green-gray wind pressure formed and swept towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's face changed and he immediately retreated.
Damn, the white-clothed youth of the Cloud Hall disciples was also ruthless. He actually attacked as soon as they met. Too overbearing.
Many people were overbearing, but overbearing required strength. Facing the formation formed by the Cloud Hall disciples, even Luo Zheng could only temporarily avoid it. Luo Zheng could only run towards the other side of the valley.
"You want to leave now? It's too late … "The white-clothed youth sneered. With a wave of his hand, the" Wind of Kan "produced by the formation actually followed Luo Zheng all the way.
This wind pressure was indeed very terrifying. It almost destroyed everything it encountered along the way. Whether it was the Ghost-Faced Spiders or the hard rocks, they were all crushed into pieces by this wind pressure and turned into powder.
Although Luo Zheng relied on his high-grade Spirit Tool Body to avoid being killed, if he was really swept in, he would most likely be seriously injured. Facing the Wind of Kan's attack, Luo Zheng instantly increased his speed to the extreme! At this time, he could only constantly change his direction and quickly dodge.
The "Wind of Kan" had been following behind Luo Zheng. Under the control of the white-clothed youth, it was like a shadow, closely chasing after him!
"Sword Steps!"
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng displayed a strange Sword Steps. He constantly changed his direction. His figure was sometimes close and sometimes far, sometimes close, sometimes far.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng circled to the back of the valley and left the sight of the Cloud Hall disciples that the "Wind of Kan" lost its target. Finally, it mindlessly crashed into the cliff of the valley.
With the power of this wind pressure, Luo Zheng estimated that this wind pressure could directly dig a big hole in the cliff. But at this time, a bizarre scene occurred.
When the wind pressure cut towards the cliff, a bright yellow light appeared on the surface of the cliff. That light covered the cliff. No matter how the wind pressure cut, it couldn't advance even an inch.
"This cliff … has a layer of enchantment on the surface? Is this a part of the hidden trial? "
The things on the Trial Taker's Path were all set up by the ancestors countless years ago. Since it was called the Trial Taker's Path, then the hidden trial was naturally a trial. Luo Zheng had encountered the Ghost-Faced Spiders when he arrived on the island, but he didn't know what the real trial was.
Without knowing, Luo Zheng didn't move around casually. These Cloud Hall disciples knew more about the Trial Taker's Path than him. Since they chose to kill the Ghost-Faced Spiders in the valley, they must have some ulterior motives. Luo Zheng hid in a corner of the valley and secretly observed the movements of these Cloud Hall disciples.
At the entrance of the arched door, Luo Zheng's image was displayed on the letter tablet.
The power of the "Wind of Kan" just now was too shocking. Shi Jingtian's expression was somewhat ugly. If Luo Zheng had really been caught up in it, his fate could be imagined. Fortunately, Luo Zheng had run away quickly …
"Zhao Xiaohua is not someone to be trifled with. If Luo Zheng goes to find trouble with him now, he will probably suffer a loss," Fei Han said as he shook his head.
"Heh, Zhuo Bufan is even stronger than Zhao Xiaohua. Luo Zheng ran away like a rabbit when he met Zhao Xiaohua. If he meets Zhuo Bufan, his fate will probably be even worse. Shi Jingtian, you should teach your Blue Cloud Sect disciples not to be too self-righteous. They only have one life!" Granny Long grinned when she saw Luo Zheng running away from the "Wind of Kan".
Fei Han shook his head and said, "That's not necessarily true. Our Cloud Hall disciples can participate in the Blue Cloud Sect's Trial Taker's strength is definitely among the top. Not to mention that the" Wind of Kan "just now was a 12 Earth Formation set up by Zhao Xiaohua with the strength of 12 disciples. Not to mention Luo Zheng, even an expert at the early stage of the Divine Core realm would find it difficult to withstand it. Luo Zheng running away is a normal choice."

Chapter 356
Luo Zheng had indeed seen through the other party's trick, so he didn't leave.
Although the white-clothed youth was strong, Luo Zheng wasn't particularly afraid of him. If the other twelve people didn't form a large formation, he wouldn't be afraid.
He was just unlucky. When he went over, the twelve people formed a large formation, and he was the first to be attacked by the formation.
These people couldn't keep this formation forever. He only needed to carefully control the distance, and he should be relatively safe.
Zhao Xiaohua commanded the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation to constantly kill the Ghost-Faced Spiders on the island. The island was almost occupied by these Ghost-Faced Spiders, but the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation was powerful. They killed in groups, and no matter how many Ghost-Faced Spiders came, they were all killed.
After three incense sticks worth of time, the number of Ghost-Faced Spiders that rushed out of the forest became fewer and fewer. The remaining Ghost-Faced Spiders realized that they couldn't drown the humans in numbers, and finally retreated into the forest.
After the Ghost-Faced Spiders disappeared, Zhao Xiaohua waved his hand, "Disperse the formation!"
Rings of light formed by Quintessential Essence disappeared from under their feet and broke. The twelve disciples could finally move their hands and feet. They could finally rest for a while.
Although the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation was powerful, it was quite troublesome and time-consuming to set up.
"Senior-apprentice Brother, how do we obtain this hidden trial? We didn't come in just to kill these Ghost-Faced Spiders, right? "A disciple asked.
Zhao Xiaohua smiled slightly and said, "Of course not. These Ghost-Faced Spiders are just a small obstacle. The real difficulty is on the cliff here!"
"Cliff?" The Cloud Hall disciples looked up in unison.
Zhao Xiaohua stretched out his hand, and a swallow-shaped dart burst out from his hand, flying towards the cliff of the canyon.
"Ding!"
According to the Cloud Hall disciples' thoughts, with the power of Zhao Xiaohua's swallow-shaped dart, they were afraid that it would directly sink into the rock of the cliff.
The result was unexpected. The moment the swallow-shaped dart touched the cliff, it produced a curtain of light, and the swallow-shaped dart bounced off.
"These barriers … what's going on?" A Cloud Hall disciple asked.
Zhao Xiaohua didn't say anything. Instead, she walked along the rock wall as if she was constantly groping around on the rock wall.
Everyone was curious. They gathered around and looked at Zhao Xiaohua's strange actions. Luo Zheng hid in a corner and also looked from afar. He had already noticed the strangeness of the cliff, but he didn't know what the use of these barriers in the hidden stage of the trial was.
Not long after, Zhao Xiaohua seemed to have touched some kind of mechanism. Suddenly, the entire valley began to tremble.
"Rumble …"
It was as if a giant was constantly pushing this valley. The huge sound reverberated in the valley, deafening everyone.
At this moment, everyone's expression changed. Luo Zheng's eyebrows also raised!
The cliff of the valley was changing its shape.
One after another, huge caves appeared on the cliff. At the same time, rocks protruded from the valley.
"Those Devil-Faced Spiders were just appetizers. The real test of this hidden trial is here!" Zhao Xiaohua said indifferently.
"What's that? A treasure chest? "
"It's indeed a treasure chest. This treasure chest exudes a strange aura. It should be a very good treasure!"
"Just these treasure chests alone are already extraordinary. I wonder what's inside?"
Originally, on the protruding rocks of the cliff, there were treasure chests. These treasure chests looked similar, but their colors were different.
The lowest layer of the cliff had red treasure chests. The second layer had blue treasure chests. The third layer had silver treasure chests. The fourth layer had gold treasure chests. As for the fifth layer, it was black treasure chests.
"These treasure chests should have been left behind by the people who built this trial road. They should be a kind of reward. I wonder what's inside these treasure chests? Weapons? Pills? Or secret manuals? "Luo Zheng secretly analyzed.
No matter what it was, it should be an extraordinary reward. Otherwise, the white-clothed youth wouldn't have spent so much effort to open this hidden trial road.
The color of the treasure chest should indicate the level of the reward inside.
Among them, the red treasure chest's location was the lowest. The reward should be the weakest, and the number of red treasure chests was also the highest.
The number of blue treasure chests was less than half. The location was one layer higher than the red treasure chests, so the reward would definitely be better. As for the third layer, the number of silver treasure chests was even fewer. There were only five or six of them.
In addition, there were two gold treasure chests on the cliff, and a black treasure chest on the highest layer.
At this moment, someone suddenly said, "Hey, these treasure chests seem to have been opened by someone."
Luo Zheng looked in the direction that the person pointed. Sure enough, he saw that the lids of the six red treasure chests on the far right had been opened.
Looking carefully, not only were the red treasure chests opened, but the blue treasure chests on the second layer were also opened. Three of the blue treasure chests had been opened, and one of the silver treasure chests had been opened. However, the two gold treasure chests and the black treasure chest on the highest layer had not been opened.
"These treasure chests were left behind by the owner of the Path of the Trial as a reward for completing the hidden trial. The owner of the Path of the Trial no longer exists. Once, there were disciples from the Cloud Palace who took them. Since there was no replenishment, these treasure chests were naturally empty. There's nothing strange about this." The white-robed youth said slowly, "Everyone can choose their own targets and go up and take them! However, it is not easy to take the things in these chests. The higher the chest, the more difficult it is. Everyone only has one chance. If you fall from above, you will not be able to climb up the cliff! "
"Isn't it just opening a chest? What's so difficult about it? "A Cloud Hall disciple took the lead and rushed up. He already had his target in mind.
None of the disciples of the Cloud Palace who participated in the Road of the Trial Testers were stupid. There were so many boxes on the cliff and the Road of the Trial Testers had been open for so many years. Who knew how many disciples of the Cloud Palace had welcomed? However, only ten chests were taken. This showed that the difficulty of taking the treasure chests was not ordinary.
Therefore, this Cloud Hall disciple was not greedy. His target was the red treasure chest at the bottom. Compared to the other red treasure chests, this red treasure chest was at the lowest position. He could jump up to the stone platform.
This Cloud Hall disciple flew up to the protruding stone platform in a very graceful manner. The red treasure chest was only one step away from him. However, just as he was about to bend down to open the red treasure chest, his expression suddenly changed. A sharp whistling sound suddenly came from the cave beside the stone platform.
That was the sound of a strong wind blowing through the cave.
"Hu hu hu … Wu wu wu …"
A strong wind suddenly blew out from the cave and the disciple of the Cloud Palace was blown to the left and right. The disciple of the Cloud Palace reacted quickly. The moment the wind blew, he used the Thousand Pound Fall to fix himself on the stone platform. However, it was useless. His whole body was pushed to the edge by the strong wind.
Seeing that Thousand Pound Fall was useless, the Cloud Hall disciple immediately lay down and used his hands to hold on to the protruding stone platform. Although the wind pressure was much smaller after he lay down, such a strong wind made it impossible for him to raise his head. He could only use his hands to hold on to the stone platform. The joints of his fingers turned white from excessive force …
It was not easy to participate in the trial road. No one wanted to see the opportunity in front of them slip away. This Cloud Hall disciple could only grit his teeth and hold on.
Luo Zheng shook his head. This guy probably couldn't hold on.
Zhao Xiaohua also shook her head. It was within her expectations that the first person to go up would fail.
After holding on for a few breaths, the Cloud Hall disciple finally couldn't withstand the strong wind and fell from the stone platform.
"Plop!"
Seeing this, the other Cloud Hall disciples all went up to support him.
However, a warrior's body was strong. After all, this Cloud Hall disciple was in the Divine Realm. This fall was not a big deal.
"I … I want to try again!" The disciple of the Cloud Palace had an unconvinced look on his face. Obviously, he felt that he could withstand the strong wind in the cave. He felt that he was just caught off guard. If he was prepared, he would definitely be able to take away the red treasure chest.

Chapter 357
However, Zhao Xiaohua shook his head and said, "It's useless. Everyone only has one chance. If you fall, you won't be able to approach the cliff …"
Sure enough, just as Zhao Xiaohua said, the disciple of the Cloud Palace was blocked by a layer of light screen when he approached the cliff. This layer of light screen could even withstand the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation's "Wind Kill". The disciple of the Cloud Palace bumped into it mindlessly and was forcefully bounced back. His forehead was bleeding profusely.
"Everyone only has one chance. If you fall from above, you will be rejected by the light curtain, so don't be anxious. Come one by one!" Zhao Xiaohua said.
Upon seeing the first Cloud Hall disciple's performance, the other eleven people clearly revealed hesitant expressions. Just now, they had been fighting to be the first to rush up. That was because they wanted to seize the initiative, but now, seeing the first Cloud Hall disciple's outcome, the others were somewhat hesitant.
Let the others scout the path first. After seeing the problem clearly, they would be prepared. Only then would they be able to deal with it better. Everyone thought so.
At this moment, a person suddenly rushed out of the forest. He was wearing a black cloak. His entire body was like a wisp of smoke as he quickly rushed towards the cliff.
"Who is it!?"
When Zhao Xiaohua saw the person rushing over, his expression immediately sank. He reached out and pressed his spatial ring. A green spear appeared in his hand. He aimed at the cloaked figure and stabbed!
A strange scene appeared. The black figure was originally jumping forward, but when he jumped up, he was in the air. He gently stepped on the air with his legs and suddenly changed his direction, dodging Zhao Xiaohua's stab.
Everyone knew that flying was forbidden on the path of trial-takers. This black figure was likely unable to fly, but he was able to change direction while jumping in the air. This movement technique was indeed very strange.
Zhao Xiaohua's hasty stab had clearly missed.
The other disciples of the Cloud Palace also reacted quickly and attacked one after another. However, the black shadow jumped to the left, then to the right, and after a roll, it dodged all the attacks and rushed into the light curtain of the cliff.
After that, all the attacks landed on the light screen, but they were unable to harm the black shadow at all.
"What a strange movement technique …" Luo Zheng, who was hiding in the dark, opened his eyes wide and stared at the black figure.
It seemed that this black figure wasn't a Cloud Hall disciple. He should be a disciple of one of the five second-grade sects. Each sect had its own background. This year, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples might not have performed well, but in the Misty Cloud Sect, Lucky Cloud Sect, and Cloud Sect, there were naturally many talented people.
"Let's rush in and capture that brat!" A few disciples of the Cloud Palace shouted.
Zhao Xiaohua's face was ashen as he shook his head. "Only one person can enter the cliff at a time. Once this fellow enters, we won't be able to enter …"
"Then wouldn't we be watching him take away the treasure chest?" A disciple of the Cloud Palace said unhappily. In the eyes of these disciples, all the treasure chests on the cliff belonged to them. Even if they couldn't take them, they wouldn't allow anyone else to take them!
. Zhao Xiaohua was also depressed in his heart. When he first met that Xiantian third stage kid, who was talking nonsense in front of him, Zhao Xiaohua instantly wanted to kill him. He tried to kill him in one blow and activated the "Wind Kill" technique. How could Zhao Xiaohua not know the power of the 12 Earthly Branches Great Array? Even if it was him, he couldn't resist the power of the great array formed by 12 Divine Reflection Realm warriors.
But he didn't expect that kid to suddenly use a strange movement technique and escape.
This matter had already made Zhao Xiaohua very angry! Who did he think the Cloud Hall disciples were? That they could come and go as they pleased? Moreover, he was just a Xiantian third stage kid … Normally, any Cloud Hall disciple could easily deal with him, but even the 12 Earthly Branches Great Array couldn't kill him.
After they finally suppressed the sea of ghost-faced spiders with great difficulty, another guy drilled into the cliff. How could Zhao Xiaohua tolerate this?
"Humph, this treasure chest is not so easy to take! Everyone, get into formation! Even if he is lucky enough to take a treasure chest, let's see how he can escape! "
At Zhao Xiaohua's command, the 12 disciples began to form a formation in the direction of the 12 Earthly Branches Great Array. Everyone was staring at the cliff like a tiger watching its prey. When the guy in the black cloak took the treasure chest, they would attack together! With 12 Divine Reflection Realm warriors attacking together, this kid would definitely die if he took the treasure chest!
Unexpectedly, the cloaked kid didn't react at all to the Cloud Hall disciples' actions. Instead, he just jumped onto the stone platform on the cliff.
Under the arched door, Fei Han chuckled and said, "Which sect's disciple is this? He dared to take the tiger's tooth from Zhao Xiaohua's mouth. His courage and boldness aren't inferior to Luo Zheng's at all! "
"Elder Fei, although this kid is wearing a black cloak, I can still tell that he is our Lucky Cloud Sect's Red Maple!" The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect chuckled. The white-clothed old man's face flushed red.
The Sect Masters naturally felt proud when their sect's disciples performed so well.
"That's right, Baili Hongfeng isn't bad either. It'll depend on his luck to see how many treasure chests he can take." Fei Han sighed. "There are too many secrets hidden in the Path of the Trialtakers, and we can't enter. If I'm not mistaken, the items in the red treasure chests are enough to tempt us. If I'm not mistaken, it's a secret medicine that can greatly increase the strength of one's soul … The items in the blue treasure chests are even more incredible!"
Shi Jingtian nodded and said, "That's right. 60 years ago, I also participated in the Trial of Challengers. At that time, our Cloud Hall's Elder Jiu Jie participated in the Trial of Challengers with me. He obtained the opportunity in the blue treasure chest and his strength increased by leaps and bounds! He became an Elder of the Cloud Hall! "
"Hey, Little Shi, if I remember correctly, Elder Jiu Jie's talent back then wasn't as good as yours. The opportunity in the blue treasure chest must be too great. That's why he became an Elder of the Cloud Hall while you are still a little Deacon …" Granny Long sneered.
Shi Jingtian, on the other hand, was calm. "These opportunities are originally linked to the ancient martial art practitioner's luck. Elder Jiu Jie was able to become an Elder of Palace Cloud because of his luck. Furthermore, Elder Jiu Jie's opportunity is not as simple as this treasure chest! I can't be envious of him. "
"Shi Jingtian is right." Fei Han nodded and said, "Our Cloud Hall's Hall Master once took one of the treasure chests. One of the silver treasure chests was taken by our Cloud Hall's Hall Master. How can you say that our Cloud Hall's Hall Master's cultivation is only based on that silver treasure chest?"
"What? The silver treasure chest was taken by our Hall Master? "The Sect Masters were shocked. They had never heard of this before.
Elder Fei Han nodded. "That is indeed the case. Unfortunately, after so many years, other than our Hall Master who took the silver treasure chest, no one else has taken the second silver treasure chest, not to mention the gold treasure chest above the silver treasure chest and the black treasure chest."
The Sect Leaders looked at the numerous treasure chests on the cliff through the letter tablet, their eyes faintly revealing looks of envy. With their strength, it would be a piece of cake for them to take away these treasure chests. Unfortunately, they were unable to enter the Path of the Cultivators, so they could only stare helplessly at the treasure chests.
"Look, Red Maple has already jumped onto the first high platform. According to the rules on the cliff, one can only take one treasure chest of each color. If Red Maple takes the first red treasure chest, his next target can only be the blue treasure chest …" Fei Han said slowly.
"Red Maple … He can definitely take the red treasure chest!" The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect did not look worried at all. He seemed to be very confident in Red Maple's strength. Red Maple was the disciple he was most proud of. He was a once-in-a-thousand-years genius in the Lucky Cloud Sect!
The high platform Red Maple was on was the one chosen by the Cloud Hall's disciple who failed earlier.
The moment he stood on the high platform, a sharp whistling sound came from the cave. It was a sign that a gale was about to erupt.
"Blow him down for me!"
"Wait! The moment he's blown down, we'll do it!"
The Cloud Hall's disciples below shouted. Obviously, they were ready.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 358
"Hu hu hu hu … …"
The fierce gale was like the breath of an ancient giant beast. It continuously attacked the outside of the cave.
Red Maple's cloak fluttered in the wind, but his feet seemed to be nailed to the stone platform. No matter how strong the gale was, he didn't move at all. He was as steady as a mountain!
"This kid … …" The Cloud Hall disciples didn't know what to say. They didn't expect the kid to be so strong. He actually chose to face the gale head-on.
"Xiu xiu xiu … …"
After Baili Hongfeng withstood the first gust of wind, the gust of wind suddenly became stronger. In addition to the fierce gust of wind, there were also wind blades, which cut towards Baili Hongfeng.
"Wind blades? Very good, cut him into pieces! "Another Cloud Hall disciple shouted.
Red Maple's head was covered by the cloak, so his expression couldn't be seen. However, when faced with the wind blades, he suddenly moved in a very strange manner.
Normally, when faced with such a gale, as long as one retreated slightly, they would be blown away by the gale. However, Red Maple wasn't blown away!
He took a step forward and began to move in a zigzag pattern. As he moved, he avoided the wind blades. Through this strange pattern, he didn't retreat. Instead, he moved forward step by step along the stone platform towards the red treasure chest!
"What a strange pattern! This cloaked kid must have borrowed the method of sailing against the current! "Luo Zheng looked at the cloaked kid's movements and his eyes suddenly lit up.
If a boatman in the sea wanted to sail against the current, he wouldn't face the wind head-on. Instead, he would sail against the wind at a small angle. This way, he could use the wind pressure against the current to go against the wind! Therefore, when sailing against the current, the boat would move in a zigzag pattern!
This kid used this principle to move forward. Not only did the gale not become a hindrance to the cloaked kid, but it also helped him to a certain extent. Moreover, he used this pattern to avoid the wind blades!
"This kid is too quick-witted!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but praise.
At this moment, the Cloud Hall disciples' faces were ashen. They didn't expect that even the wind blades couldn't do anything to the cloaked kid. Not only did this guy not retreat, but he also went against the wind … …
The face of the Cloud Sect disciple who was blown down and was extremely unwilling also flashed with a shocked expression. He originally felt unconvinced because he didn't have time to prepare in a hurry, that was why he was blown down by the gale. Now it seemed that with his strength, even if he withstood the first wave of gale, he wouldn't be able to deal with the second wave of wind that contained wind blades.
The temptation of these treasure chests was so great, but to obtain them was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.
In fact, from the number of treasure chests that had been opened, one could already tell how difficult it was. The Road of Trials only opened once every three years. After opening it so many times, only a few of the treasure chests had been taken. There were five second-grade sects and the Cloud Palace. Every year, those who participated in the Path of the Trial of Cultivators were the elites of the elites. How many treasure chests had been taken away by so many geniuses?
.... Once you get a treasure chest that was so hard to get, the opportunities and benefits inside would be amazing.
Red Maple continued to move sideways in a zigzag pattern. Step by step, he approached the red treasure chest. He reached out and finally opened the red treasure chest. At this moment, the gale in the cave slowly stopped … …
"He got it!"
"This kid actually opened the red treasure chest!"
"F * ck, I was the one who had my eyes on this red treasure chest, but he got it first!"
Many disciples of the Cloud Palace revealed looks of envy and jealousy in their eyes. More disciples of the Cloud Palace started to curse. It was no wonder that they were jealous.
Although these Cloud Hall disciples were not sure if they could get the red treasure chest, it was like they had taken a fancy to a high and mighty beauty. Although they knew that the chances of pursuing the beauty were slim, there was always a glimmer of hope in their hearts. However, before they could make a move, they were chased away. It was easy to imagine the sullenness in their hearts.
After the red treasure chest was opened, a black thing popped out from the red treasure chest. That thing seemed to be constantly changing its shape. After that thing appeared, it drilled into the cloaked kid's forehead. The cloaked kid stood motionless on the high platform.
"I heard that the item in the red treasure chest on the first floor is a peerless treasure that can strengthen the soul. It seems that the rumors are true." Zhao Xiaohua nodded secretly. In fact, he was not in a hurry. There were many treasure chests on the cliff. Only one treasure chest of each color could be taken away. Zhao Xiaohua would be able to enter sooner or later and take away his own treasure chest.
Red Maple stood in place for a while. Then, he climbed up the cliff. He actually wanted to take the blue treasure chest!
"A man who is never content is like a snake trying to swallow an elephant. The red treasure chest's difficulty is already so high. Blue treasure chest? Dream on! "
"Everyone, get ready. I'm afraid he will fall down the moment he goes up …"
The Cloud Hall disciples began to shout loudly again.
Red Maple was like an agile monkey on the cliff. He quickly swung his body and climbed up the second stone platform.
Just as Baili Hongfeng climbed up to the second level of the stone platform, a raging fire erupted from the cave behind the stone platform!
"Boom!"
The huge flame almost covered the entire stone platform. It spat out long tongues of flame. Those tongues of flame were four to five feet long. The entire valley could feel the terrifying heat from it.
Even the Cloud Hall disciples at the bottom of the valley could feel the rapid rise in temperature. One could imagine the power of these tongues of flame.
"Too, too abnormal … How do we take this chest?" Some of the more timid Cloud Hall disciples couldn't help but ask. Among the Cloud Hall disciples, besides Zhao Xiaohua, there was no lack of ambitious warriors. Not only did they have their eyes on the red treasure chest, but they also had their eyes on the blue treasure chest.
However, when they saw the long tongues of flame, they all dispelled this idea. With their strength, it was impossible for them to take it. If they tried to climb up, losing face would be a small matter, but losing their lives would be a big matter.
Red Maple's entire body was tightly pressed against the high platform. On the surface of his body, a layer of Protective True Essence appeared. This layer of Protective True Essence seemed to be some kind of special secret technique. It was actually able to block the terrifying heat from the terrifying tongues of flame.
However, this was also because Red Maple was lying on the ground. He didn't have to face the thick tongues of flame directly. He only needed to block the aftershocks of the flame.
Relying on the layer of Protective True Essence, Red Maple slowly crawled forward on the high platform. He slowly inched towards the blue treasure chest …
"He's going to get it! I'm so envious. The red treasure chest's reward is already so good. It can even strengthen a person's soul. I wonder what the blue treasure chest's reward is? "
"What's the use of being envious? Even if we give it to you, do you dare to go up and take it? We can all feel the power of the tongues of flame from below. If you go up there, you'll be melted in just a few breaths of time! "
Whether it was Luo Zheng, the numerous disciples of the Cloud Hall, or the Sect Masters outside the Road of Trials, they all stared intently at Red Maple inching forward little by little.
This was a blue treasure chest!
In the past, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall had only obtained a silver treasure chest, which was one level higher than a blue treasure chest. This kid was able to obtain a blue treasure chest at such a young age. It would be strange if these Sect Masters weren't envious!
However, just when Red Maple was a few feet away from the blue treasure chest, the tongues of flame suddenly stopped …
Red Maple was also very clever. He knew that as long as he opened the blue treasure chest, the mechanism would stop operating. Combined with the situation when he took the red treasure chest on the first floor, the mechanisms inside seemed to be a two-stage attack.
For example, the gale mechanism on the first floor. The first stage was a gale, and the second stage was a gale mixed with wind blades.
As for the raging fire mechanism on the second floor, the first stage was a tongues of flame. There was no guarantee that the second stage would be something else, but it would definitely be more terrifying than the tongues of flame.
Red Maple already had a hard time resisting the tongues of flame. He had no choice but to crawl forward. He estimated that he wouldn't be able to resist the second stage of the attack, so the moment the tongues of flame stopped, he rushed towards the blue treasure chest.
At such a close distance, Red Maple could almost cross it in the blink of an eye. He reached out to touch the blue treasure chest, but the instant his hand was two or three inches away from the blue treasure chest …
"Bang!"

Chapter 359
A huge fireball was ejected from the cave!
The round fireball was as tall as a person. It looked like a meteorite falling from the sky or a cannonball being fired from a cannon. It shot towards Red Maple outside the cave.
Red Maple felt that it was a pity. He was so close to opening the blue treasure chest, but he was forced to retreat by the fireball!
He had no choice but to retreat! Otherwise, he might lose his life here.
Red Maple managed to dodge the fireball, but he had already fallen from the high platform …
"Oh, what a pity! He was so close! "Under the arched door, the white-robed old man from the Lucky Cloud Sect slapped his thigh and lamented.
Fei Han shook his head as well. "It's indeed a pity. If he had extended his hand a little longer, I'm afraid Red Maple would have gotten the blue treasure chest."
As for the other Sect Leaders, some of them were gloating, while others felt that it was a pity …
"Get ready, let's get rid of this kid!" A Cloud Hall disciple was already prepared.
"Get rid of him, my ass! Hurry up and run! " Someone next to him pulled him back, and more than ten Cloud Hall disciples scattered in all directions. It turned out that the big fireball was a huge rock that had been burned red. It was unknown how hot it was, but when it came crashing down, it was like a meteorite falling from the sky.
The Cloud Hall disciples below originally planned to use the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation to deal with the cloaked kid. However, they did not expect their plan to be ruined by the fireball. In order to avoid the fireball, they had no choice but to disband the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation.
Zhao Xiaohua did not expect this to happen, but there was nothing he could do. Unwilling to give up, he did not plan to rely on the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation. With his own strength, he was one of the strongest ordinary disciples in the Cloud Hall! Therefore, he wanted to deal with the cloaked kid personally.
However, the moment the cloaked kid fell from the cliff, he suddenly stepped on the air. His cloak spread out like a pair of large bird's wings. After gliding for a while, he disappeared into the forest. It was very difficult for Zhao Xiaohua to chase after him.
"You can run away, but you can't run away from the temple. The path of the trial-takers won't end so soon. We'll meet again sooner or later!" Zhao Xiaohua said coldly as she looked in the direction that the cloaked brat had escaped.
However, what Zhao Xiaohua never expected was that in this chaos, just as he was viciously cursing the cloaked kid, another figure charged into the light screen of the valley from the side of the valley …
"That Xiantian third stage boy!" A sharp-eyed disciple of the Cloud Hall shouted.
"Got it! I saw it! "Zhao Xiaohua roared coldly.
The other Cloud Hall disciples looked at Zhao Xiaohua in surprise. In their eyes, Zhao Xiaohua's strength was always unfathomable, and his bearing had always been as elegant as the wind, as if he was not interested in anything around him.
They had never heard Zhao Xiaohua swear before …
But now …
Obviously, Zhao Xiaohua was very angry.
His eyes contained endless anger, and he firmly stared at Luo Zheng in the light screen, clenching his teeth so hard that they almost broke.
Luo Zheng probably felt Zhao Xiaohua's fierce aura from the light screen, but he didn't expect that he would say something that would make Zhao Xiaohua want to vomit blood. "If you have the ability, why don't you bite me?"
This Xiantian third stage boy was simply acting recklessly, and he even dared to provoke him?
That cloaked brat from a moment ago, obviously still had some misgivings about the people of the Cloud Hall. He had covered his face with a cloak and entered the light screen without any provocation, but Zhao Xiaohua had already found it difficult to control his emotions, and even felt a little flustered.
But now, this Luo Zheng not only swaggered into the light screen, but also openly provoked him.
Zhao Xiaohua felt that he was about to collapse. He even had an illusion that his achievements over the years, and he had become one of the top ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall, were not worth mentioning in the eyes of these disciples of second-grade sects? These guys didn't put him in their eyes at all?
Zhao Xiaohua raised his trembling hand, and with his index finger straightened, he said word by word, "You, no matter who you are, no matter who your sect leader is, you must die!"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and smiled, as if he didn't care about Zhao Xiaohua's threat at all. He turned around and began to climb up. If he wasn't afraid of angering the Cloud Hall brat to death, he would have started to hum a song …
Through the letter tablet, Shi Jingtian heard Zhao Xiaohua's words and was somewhat unhappy, "This Zhao Xiaohua is too arrogant!"
Fei Han didn't care at all, "Zhao Xiaohua is arrogant. Today, he was played by both the Red Maple and Luo Zheng, so it is inevitable that he is unhappy. However, if Luo Zheng passes the Trial Taker's Road and becomes an elite of the Cloud Hall, I'm afraid he still has to be careful. This Zhao Xiaohua is a member of the Southern Prince's Zhao family."
"The Southern Prince's Zhao family!" Hearing these four words, Shi Jingtian's heart trembled. No wonder this brat was so arrogant.
The Southern Prince's Zhao family was actually a family that merged two large families. The Wang and Zhao families were both famous families in the southern part of the Central Domain. After these two families merged, they were comparable to a third-rank sect. Therefore, they could be considered a third-rank family.
Just like the seven noble families in the Eastern Domain, these noble families could only be classified as a first-rank power. The Blue Cloud Sect was classified as a second-rank power.
Although a third-rank power was one rank lower than the Cloud Hall, it was still an existence that couldn't be underestimated even in the Central Domain.
"I understand. When Luo Zheng exits the Trial Taker's Road, I will warn him to be careful." Shi Jingtian nodded his head.
These treasure chests had to be opened level by level. Luo Zheng's first step was naturally the red treasure chest at the bottom.
Just now, two people had already climbed up the stone platform on the first level. Luo Zheng was already prepared for the stone platform on the first level, so he naturally had a lot more confidence in dealing with it. It could be said that the red treasure chest was already in his bag!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
A fierce gust of wind swept towards Luo Zheng.
The first Cloud Hall disciple to climb up the stone platform didn't last long under this gust of wind. He was blown down by this gust of wind.
Facing this fierce gust of wind, Luo Zheng did the same as the cloaked brat. He displayed his physical strength and leaned forward to resist this gust of wind.
Such a biting cold gust of wind couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
"This brat is too relaxed. He's even more relaxed than the cloaked brat …"
"He should be able to get the red treasure chest …"
The Cloud Hall disciples were somewhat speechless. These second-grade sect disciples couldn't raise their heads in front of the Cloud Hall disciples. This was because the gap between these second-grade sects and the Cloud Hall disciples was too big. They had received guidance, cultivation environment, and cultivation elixirs from the Cloud Hall disciples. Naturally, the gap between their strength was also very big.
But today, with the appearance of the cloaked brat and Luo Zheng, it could be said that this view was completely overturned.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh … whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Soon, the mechanisms in the cave began the second phase of the attack on Luo Zheng.
"Wind Blade?"
"Heavenly Devil Phantom!"
Luo Zheng didn't intend to use all his strength from the beginning.
His goal was to get as many treasure chests as possible. Red treasure chests, blue treasure chests, silver treasure chests …
It could also be said that Luo Zheng's ambition was very big. But since he had entered this trial by fire, he naturally had to grasp every opportunity!
The red treasure chest actually contained things that could strengthen the soul. It could be imagined that the blue treasure chest's items would be even more precious. Then, what about the silver treasure chest? What about the gold treasure chest? What about the black treasure chest?
Luo Zheng didn't know which level he could climb to, but he could only climb as high as possible!
The six Heavenly Devil Phantoms fiercely welcomed the wind blades. The cloaked brat used his strange identity to dodge the wind blades, but Luo Zheng was even more direct. He actually resisted the wind blades!
"Pa pa pa pa …"
The two Heavenly Devil Phantoms in front were constantly cut by the wind blades. Even though the Heavenly Devil Phantoms were sturdy, the wind blades still left marks on their surface.
When the marks accumulated to a certain number, the two Heavenly Devil Phantoms loudly shattered.
After the first two Heavenly Devil Phantoms shattered, another two Heavenly Devil Phantoms took their place. Luo Zheng had six Heavenly Devil Phantoms, and the two shattered ones could still reform and continue to line up behind him …
In the forest, Red Maple had already pulled off his cloak, revealing his handsome face. He had a head of fiery red hair, and there was a trace of evil between his eyebrows. It was precisely because of this trace of evil that Red Maple was the heartthrob of the Lucky Cloud Sect!
In the face of the furious Zhao Xiaohua, he didn't run away. Instead, he chose to stay here and watch the show. One had to admit that he was skilled and daring.
It was obvious that Red Maple's attitude was good. He didn't feel depressed because he failed to obtain the blue treasure chest.

Chapter 360
The disciples of the Cloud Hall were speechless. They weren't weaklings. Given the strength of an elite from the Cloud Hall, any one of them could compete for the top three spots in a second-grade sect.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, they felt like they were on Earth and Heaven.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about the gazes of the disciples of the Cloud Hall. With the Heavenly Demon Phantom in front of him, Luo Zheng quickly approached the red treasure chest.
"Wu …"
The moment Luo Zheng touched the red treasure chest, the mechanism in the cave stopped working. The fierce wind also dissipated without a trace.
"I got it!" Luo Zheng was delighted.
"Pa da." Luo Zheng touched the treasure chest, which seemed to activate a mechanism and automatically opened it.
Then, Luo Zheng saw an irregularly shaped black substance float out of the red treasure chest. This black substance looked like a living thing. It looked soft and wriggled continuously.
Luo Zheng wanted to reach out and grab it, but his fingers passed through the black substance.
Before Luo Zheng could find it strange, the black substance shot out of the space between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
An extremely cool feeling immediately penetrated Luo Zheng's brain. It was as if Luo Zheng was bathing in a world of ice and snow. It was ice-cold, but it wasn't bone-piercing. Instead, it was a kind of refreshing chill.
He felt as if his soul had been sublimated at this moment.
By the time he opened his eyes, Luo Zheng had already finished absorbing the black substance.
The speed at which Luo Zheng absorbed the black substance was twice as fast as the Red Maple. To a large extent, this was because Luo Zheng's soul had been calcined and was already much stronger than an ordinary person's.
This black substance could greatly strengthen the soul of many martialists. Of course, this black substance also strengthened Luo Zheng's soul greatly. However, it wasn't that obvious.
This was like a farmer obtaining a mu of land. It would be an earth-shattering change for the farmer.
On the other hand, a landlord already had 20 mu of land. An additional mu of land wouldn't make much of a difference. It was just icing on the cake.
Luo Zheng's current status was like a landlord, and this black substance was the icing on the cake.
After absorbing the black substance, Luo Zheng didn't stop and continued climbing. His next target was the blue treasure chest!
The Red Maple was broken on the blue treasure chest's stone platform. When he saw Luo Zheng choose to continue climbing, his thin lips curled up slightly. "Interesting. You're not satisfied with the red treasure chest... you should have seen the difficulty of the blue treasure chest... but you still have the confidence to continue climbing.............. could it be that you've already found the method.....
.........................................
. "Shi Jingtian chuckled and said," Didn't your Lucky Cloud Sect get the Red Maple as well? "
"Sigh. Don't say that. Look at my Lucky Cloud Sect's Red Maple. It took me a lot of effort to get it. Look at your Luo Zheng. It was as easy as blowing off dust..
. "Hearing the two Sect Masters flattering each other's disciple, the three Sect Masters of the Rosy Clouds Sect, Misty Cloud Sect, and Drifting Cloud Sect couldn't help but roll their eyes.
However, they rolled their eyes because they couldn't boast. Although it was only a red treasure chest, this opportunity surpassed most of the disciples who participated in the Path of the Trial of Challengers.
At this moment, Fei Han said, "Look, Luo Zheng has climbed to the second stone platform!"
Luo Zheng's climbing movements weren't as graceful as the Red Maple's, so his climbing speed was relatively slower. However, climbing this cliff wasn't difficult for a cultivator.
"How is he going to resist the flames?"
"Isn't he going to lie down? No one would be able to withstand being burned by the flames! "
The Sect Masters thought Luo Zheng was going to learn from the Red Maple's method. He was going to lie down on the ground, avoid the flames from the front, and slowly climb over.
However, Luo Zheng didn't lie down on the ground. Instead, he stood firmly on the stone platform, preparing to face the flames.
"This guy, what is he trying to do?"
"Is he trying to resist the flames with his body?"
"Isn't he afraid of being burned to death?"
When the Sect Masters saw what was written on the jade tablet, they couldn't believe what they were seeing.
Let alone a Xiantian realm warrior, even these Divine Core old men would have to use their True Yuan to protect their bodies. It would be difficult for them to resist the flames with just their bodies.
After all, they were all True Yuan cultivators, and they hadn't chosen the path of body refinement.
"Shi Jingtian, don't tell me Luo Zheng is cultivating both energy and body?" When Fei Han saw the calm expression on Shi Jingtian's face, he immediately guessed.
If Luo Zheng wasn't only cultivating his True Yuan, he was also cultivating his body. With the help of some natural spirit fruits, he might really be able to resist the flames with his body.
However, Shi Jingtian shook his head and said, "Actually, I'm not sure if Luo Zheng is cultivating his body or not … If he is cultivating his body, I can't find any traces of True Yuan in his body. That means Luo Zheng isn't cultivating any body refinement skill. However, his body is incredibly strong, and it's even stronger than those body refiners. I still can't figure it out."
Luo Zheng's performance in the Quan Feng Competition was still vivid in their minds.
His body was incredibly strong, and he wasn't even afraid of Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Karmic Flame unleashed by the Acalanatha's shadow. However, Luo Zheng didn't have any True Yuan in his body.
True Yuan was a type of energy that only body refiners possessed. It was similar to the True Yuan in the True Yuan system. Those who walked the path of body refinement would need to use True Yuan to strengthen their bodies.
"What a strange ability!" When Fei Han heard what Shi Jingtian said, he was shocked as well.
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, "I'm not lying."
Of course, Shi Jingtian couldn't tell that Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people. His body was strong not because of body refinement, but because it was' tempered 'into a weapon. Since it was a weapon, it couldn't be considered as' body refinement ', and it couldn't produce True Yuan.
While they were talking, the raging flames had already charged towards Luo Zheng.
"Boom …"
The raging flames hit Luo Zheng's body, instantly turning Luo Zheng into a flaming man.
Because Luo Zheng blocked the flames, the flames didn't rush out of the stone platform. Instead, it was blocked by Luo Zheng.
Under the fierce flames, Luo Zheng's clothes were instantly burned clean.
Luo Zheng was a little depressed. As a martial artist, it was troublesome to have one's clothes burned. It was very indecent. However, he still had a few sets of spare clothes in his Sumeru Ring, so he could change into them later.
Under the burning of the flames, golden runes began to appear on Luo Zheng's body.
When Luo Zheng first saw the flames, he had this plan in his heart. He wanted to use the flames to burn his body, and even break through the Spirit Tool Body and become an Immortal Tool Body!
But now, Luo Zheng found that his calculations were wrong. Or rather, his judgment was a little naive.
Although the flames in front of him were powerful, it didn't seem to be of a high grade. Or rather, it was a flame created by a special mechanism, so his Spirit Tool Body "looked down" on it.
Therefore, although the flames stimulated the golden runes on his body, the golden runes didn't rotate, and they didn't rotate to swallow the flames …
"It's a little different from what I expected." Luo Zheng thought gloomily. Then, he rushed forward against the flames.
What he didn't know was that because of his actions, many people's hearts had already exploded.
Red Maple was originally sitting on a tree with a straw in his mouth, watching the show. He also used a secret method to hide his presence. Not only would it be difficult for the Cloud Hall disciples to find him, but even the Ghost-Faced Spiders hiding in the forest wouldn't be able to find him.
Seeing the scene on the cliff of the valley, the straw in his mouth fell out of his mouth and gently fell to the ground without him noticing.
"Damn! What a monster! "Red Maple was completely convinced.
As a once-in-a-thousand-years genius of the Lucky Cloud Sect, Red Maple was much stronger than the disciples of the Lucky Cloud Sect.
During the Grand Tournament of the Lucky Cloud Sect, it was too easy for him to get first place. The second place was no threat to Red Maple at all, so it wasn't a challenge at all.
Therefore, this time, Red Maple only paid attention to two people on the path of the Trial. They were the top two disciples of the Cloud Hall, Zhao Xiaohua and Zhuo Bufan.
The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect also repeatedly warned him not to provoke these two guys.
He had to pass this hidden trial, so Red Maple used a cloak to cover his face. He didn't want Zhao Xiaohua to hate him and cause some trouble.
However, Red Maple didn't expect that there were so many capable people on the path of the Trial. In addition to the disciples of the Cloud Hall, there were also some strong disciples in the other sects.
Just because they weren't weak didn't mean they were strong. Red Maple didn't put them in his eyes. Being able to get a "not weak" evaluation from him was already not bad.
But now, a kid at Xiantian third stage suddenly appeared. This guy was even more monstrous than him, which really surprised him.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 361
Below the cliff, a group of disciples of the Cloud Hall were dumbfounded.
They had thought of many possible ways to resist this tongue of flame, but no one had dared, or rather, no one had the ability to forcibly rush up against this tongue of flame!
"This guy seems to be immune to fire. How can there be such a special body in this world?" A disciple of the Cloud Hall couldn't help but sigh.
Zhao Xiaohua found a stone and stood on it, staring at Luo Zheng without saying a word. There was no expression on his face, and he was numb …
As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, he was very clear about what each treasure chest meant. He had heard many legends in the Cloud Hall, and even the current master of the Cloud Hall had only obtained a silver treasure chest. How could Luo Zheng obtain a blue treasure chest so easily?
If this continued, not only would Luo Zheng obtain a blue treasure chest, but he might also obtain a silver treasure chest on the third floor …
Moreover, this guy was only at the Xiantian third stage? His potential was even greater than his own?
Zhao Xiaohua thought that he couldn't compare with Zhuo Bufan, but now he had to admit that he couldn't compare with this guy from a second-grade sect!
He was unwilling, unconvinced, and unwilling to face this fact. For a time, all kinds of emotions surged into Zhao Xiaohua's heart.
This tongue of flame was fiercely spat out by the mechanism, but no matter how fierce the flame was, it was blocked by the golden runes on Luo Zheng's body.
Now, Luo Zheng needed to guard against the second floor of the cave, which was the big fireball!
Just now, the cloaked boy had successfully endured the first floor of the flame attack, but he had been driven off the stone by the big fireball. Luo Zheng naturally didn't want to repeat the same mistake.
"Huff …"
As Luo Zheng moved forward, the tongue of flame finally slowly extinguished. Next, Luo Zheng would have to face the second floor of the attack!
Luo Zheng didn't follow the actions of the cloaked boy and try to quickly open the blue treasure chest and stop the mechanism in the cave.
Many times, taking shortcuts only came from a lack of self-confidence, and often because of shortcuts, one would lose more! If the cloaked boy burst out with strong self-confidence in facing the second floor of the attack, then with his own strength, he might have a chance to succeed.
Luo Zheng stood in place, unsheathing his Flowing Light Sword, and the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms slowly floating around Luo Zheng.
Although the Heavenly Demon Phantoms weren't Luo Zheng's strongest offensive means, they were very versatile and extremely useful..
After the tongue of flame completely stopped, a red light suddenly burst out of the cave, and Luo Zheng heard the sound of rolling stones..
"Bang!"
Suddenly, a huge fireball appeared in front of Luo Zheng and shot towards him.
The stone platform was not wide, and the fireball was as tall as a person. There was no place to hide. Facing the rapidly approaching fireball, Luo Zheng's mind moved.
The six Heavenly Devil Phantom transformed into a straight line and charged forward!
....
Under the crushing force of the fireball, the first Heavenly Demon Phantom was instantly crushed to pieces.
......
...
.......
....
. "Bang bang bang!"
The invincible Heavenly Demon Phantoms were like fragile pieces of ceramic, and were quickly crushed.
However, Luo Zheng had achieved his goal. At least the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms had successfully blocked the fireball's speed. Luo Zheng's eyes were like knives, and with a shout, he pulled out his sword!
The power in the dragon scales surged and filled Luo Zheng's entire body, causing his body to expand rapidly in a short period of time.
"Break for me! Collapse Sword! "
The Flowing Light Sword glowed with True Essence, and a powerful Collapse Sword was thrust forward.
Even if it was a small mountain, Luo Zheng's sword could shatter it. Although the rock in the middle of the fireball was comparable to meteorites, and at the same time, it was mixed with great kinetic energy and rolled towards Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng's sword abruptly stopped its momentum.
Luo Zheng was pushed back three feet by the fireball, but after three feet, Luo Zheng didn't retreat an inch.
Once again, he shouted! Luo Zheng flicked his Flowing Light Sword!
"Pa pa …"
The rocks in the middle of the fireball finally began to crack, and those cracks instantly covered the entire fireball. In an instant, the fireball fell apart, scattering in all directions.
Various types of broken rocks still had raging flames on them, and they splashed down the cliff. The Cloud Hall disciples below screamed again and again, constantly dodging …
"Success!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, and his face revealed a happy expression. He put the Flowing Light Sword into his spatial ring, and slowly walked toward the blue treasure chest.
Luo Zheng could feel the jealous gazes of the Cloud Hall disciples below, and he could also feel the deep unwillingness in their hearts, as well as their complicated expressions.
Because of this, Luo Zheng deliberately slowed down his pace, as if he was enjoying the joy of opening the treasure chest. He wanted to properly stimulate this group of Cloud Hall disciples.
However, this protruding stone platform was only seven or eight meters long, and Luo Zheng could cross it in a few steps. Finally, Luo Zheng placed his hand on the blue treasure chest.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally felt a trace of nervousness.
In the lowest level red treasure chest, there was a secret medicine that could increase one's soul. Then, what about this blue treasure chest? What could it be?
"Pata!"
The blue treasure chest issued a crisp sound, and suddenly, the entire chest began to shake!
"What the hell is this?" Luo Zheng was startled, and at the same time, he was on guard. It seemed like there was some vicious beast hiding inside, and it was about to break through the chest and attack Luo Zheng.
The moment the blue treasure chest opened, a red shadow suddenly rushed out from the chest, and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Almost as if it was a conditioned reflex, Luo Zheng ducked and dodged, wanting to avoid the red shadow. However, the red shadow's speed seemed to be extremely fast. Although it missed, it circled in the air and rushed toward Luo Zheng again, and at the same time, it released a powerful blood vitality! It seemed to contain some kind of tenacious vitality.
This time, Luo Zheng was unable to avoid it. He could only let the red shadow rush toward his chest, and in an instant, it entered his heart.
The moment the red shadow rushed toward him, Luo Zheng saw clearly that he had seen this red shadow before.
At that time, when he had entered the immortal mansion, he had encountered a creature called the "Hydra". The Hydra in front of him seemed to be made out of blood, and he could only roughly recognize it from its appearance!
After the Hydra entered Luo Zheng's heart, Luo Zheng's heart almost stopped beating.
One breath, two breaths, three breaths … …
The heart stopped beating for about thirty breaths of time! If it was an ordinary person, their heart would have stopped beating, and they would be on the verge of death. However, Luo Zheng's body had entered a strange state!
After thirty breaths of time, Luo Zheng's heart beat violently.
"Putong!"
"Putong!"
"Putong!"
The sound of the heartbeat was so loud that not only Luo Zheng could hear it, but even the Cloud Hall disciples below could hear it.
How strong did the heart have to be to be able to make such a loud sound?
All the Cloud Hall disciples had their mouths wide open as they stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who was on the cliff.
Red Maple licked his lips and shook his head helplessly. He cursed, "F * ck, if I knew that the item in the blue treasure chest was so good, I would have fought with my life on the line. With my strength, I might have had a chance."
Red Maple was very regretful. This wasn't the only trial on the Trial Challenger's path, so Red Maple had held back. He still wanted to play it safe. After all, his biggest goal was to pass the Trial Challenger's path. He didn't expect that the item in the blue treasure chest would be able to greatly strengthen a warrior's vitality. He had clearly seen that after the Hydra entered Luo Zheng's heart, it seemed to have given Luo Zheng a powerful heart!
Under the arched door, Fei Han shook his head. "The Hydra's Blood Soul! This is the Blood Soul of an adult Hydra! Everyone, do you remember anything? "
"Elder Jiu Jie was once hunted down by his enemies and fell into a dangerous situation. Both of his arms were chopped off. At that time, he ran for thousands of miles with his legs. After three days and three nights, both of his arms grew back in perfect condition. Although the newly grown arms were not as strong as before, Elder Jiu Jie relied on this ability to catch his enemies off guard and kill them!" Shi Jingtian didn't think too much about it as he recounted the past. Back then, Shi Jingtian had the best relationship with Elder Jiu Jie, so he remembered it clearly.
"We all know that Elder Nine Abstinence's vital energy and blood is extremely powerful, but we didn't know that his vital energy and blood originated from this blue treasure chest. After this nine-headed dragon's blood soul enters the body, it can greatly increase a martial artist's vital energy and blood … Luo Zheng, you're really lucky." The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect sighed. He felt that it was a pity. If only Red Maple could obtain this Blood Soul.
Fei Han chuckled. "Let's wait and see. I think this kid won't be satisfied with the item in the blue treasure chest. His next target will be the silver treasure chest. The Master of the Cloud Hall took the silver treasure chest back then. I wonder if Luo Zheng can take it …"
"Dream on," Granny Long sneered. "Luo Zheng is lucky enough to be able to open the blue treasure chest. Now, he wants to open the silver treasure chest? Maybe in your next life! "

Chapter 362
Outside the arched door, there was only a letter tablet. Whenever the picture of Zhuo Bufan and her disciple Jin Qiaoning appeared on the letter tablet, Granny Long's face would smile like a flower, and she would keep praising them.
It was as if Zhuo Bufan was her own son, and all the disciples who participated in the Trial Taker's Road were just a pile of shit. Only her Jin Qiaoning was qualified to stand next to Zhuo Bufan.
As the Elder of the Cloud Hall, Fei Han naturally knew more about the disciples of the Cloud Hall. He was very clear about the background and strength of Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua. Therefore, Fei Han naturally paid attention to the other disciples, such as Luo Zheng, Red Maple, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and several other outstanding disciples of the other Sects.
However, whenever Luo Zheng appeared on the letter tablet, Granny Long would inevitably belittle Luo Zheng.
It was fine if it was just one or two times. After all, Grandma Long was a woman. Not only was her temper difficult to deal with, her strength was also not to be underestimated. However, this old woman seemed to be addicted to it. How could Shi Jingtian endure this?
Seeing Shi Jingtian explode, the other Sect Masters were also secretly happy.
Granny Long's mouth wasn't just aimed at Luo Zheng alone. Although she didn't target the others as much, Granny Long couldn't help but say a few bad words. The other Sect Leaders had long been unhappy with her, but they just held it in like Shi Jingtian.
"What? How can a guy who popped out of a small corner in the East become a big deal? Hmph, East Region, East Region, you really dare to call yourselves a region! This is the biggest joke in the world. So what if I say it? This Luo Zheng provoked Zhao Xiaohua, which is the same as provoking the South Prince Zhao Family. How big of a future can he have? Ignorant of the times! I think that Red Maple is smarter than Luo Zheng. At least when he snatched the treasure chest, he covered his face … "Granny Long sneered as she stomped the crutch in her hand.
Shi Jingtian also threw caution to the wind. He was originally a reckless person, and he admired Luo Zheng's courage to go against Zhao Xiaohua. At this moment, he laughed and said boldly, "So what if it's the South Prince Zhao Family? If you offend him, do you not need to cultivate anymore? Just find a place to commit suicide? The South Prince's Zhao Family is indeed not bad as a third rank family. However, Granny Long, don't forget that the Cloud Hall is a fourth rank family. Just because of a disciple of the South Prince's Zhao Family, you think that the elites of the Cloud Hall will not be able to make a comeback? You're overestimating the South Prince! ........ Granny Long...................
......... When have I ever praised others and lowered my own prestige? "Granny Long said angrily.
Shi Jingtian's words were to use the Cloud Hall's power to pressure Granny Long. If Luo Zheng could pass the Path of the Trialtakers, he would become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall. Naturally, he would be under the protection of the Cloud Hall. A fourth-grade Sect like the Cloud Hall wouldn't be afraid of a third-grade Sect like the South of the Zhao Family.
"You just said that Luo Zheng offended Zhao Xiaohua, so... . What? You're not going to admit what you just said? "Shi Jingtian sneered.
"I, I …" Granny Long was refuted to the point that she couldn't say anything.
At this moment, Fei Han suddenly said, "Enough. Don't quarrel over such a small matter. Luo Zheng is going to get the third treasure chest!"
The moment Fei Han finished speaking, Shi Jingtian and Granny Long stared at Xin Gui.
Although they knew that it was extremely difficult to get the silver treasure chest, Shi Jingtian had a faint premonition that Luo Zheng had a high chance of opening the silver treasure chest!
This was how Luo Zheng managed to climb to the top of Quan Feng Peak. Every step he took was beyond everyone's expectations. Therefore, Shi Jingtian also had the same premonition this time.
Luo Zheng felt pain in his chest.
After the blood-red Nine-Headed Dragon entered Luo Zheng's heart, every time his heart beat, it felt as if a sledgehammer was hitting it. Therefore, every time his heart beat, he felt as if it was being hammered. This feeling was extremely uncomfortable.
When his heart beat violently, the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul in his body followed the pressure of his heart and continuously flowed into every part of Luo Zheng's body.
After his heart beat violently for a few dozen times, the sound finally weakened. The hammering on his heart became weaker and weaker until it finally disappeared. This meant that Luo Zheng had already absorbed the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul.
The powerful blood Qi rolled in Luo Zheng's body, causing Luo Zheng's blood Qi to surge like smoke. He felt as if he had an inexhaustible amount of energy.
How could Luo Zheng not know how precious the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul was?
When Luo Zheng was still in the Eastern Domain's Burning Sky Palace, the Third Prince offered three stunning beauties. These three beauties were from the Yuan Race and contained powerful blood Qi in their bodies. By taking their Primordial Yin, one could obtain this blood Qi, which was extremely beneficial to a martial artist.
However, the blood Qi contained in these three beauties was probably less than one ten-thousandth of the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul.
The three beauties from the Yuan Race were enough to make many Divine Reflection Realm martial artists yearn for them. What about the value of the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul? It was hard to estimate!
After his heart calmed down, Luo Zheng did not choose to rest. Instead, he wanted to continue climbing!
If the items in the Blue Treasure Chest were already so precious, then what about the Silver Treasure Chest?
Luo Zheng slowly climbed up the cliff. The cliff was rugged, and he could reach anywhere. It was not difficult to climb.
After choosing a Silver Treasure Chest, Luo Zheng easily climbed up a stone platform.
"I must take the Silver Treasure Chest!"
After climbing up the stone platform, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a determined look. He knew very well that the danger and difficulty of taking the Silver Treasure Chest were far greater than the Blue Treasure Chest.
Facing an unknown challenge, Luo Zheng was on full alert as he looked at the dark cave.
"Clang, clang, clang …"
A rhythmic collision sound came from the cave.
It was as if something was about to come out.
Luo Zheng was not the only one who was nervous. Everyone wanted to see what kind of trial one had to pass to obtain the Silver Treasure Chest on the third floor.
Zhao Xiaohua, on the other hand, opened his eyes wide and remained motionless as he stared at the high platform Luo Zheng was on. With Zhao Xiaohua's strength, his goal was the Silver Treasure Chest on the third floor. The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall had once obtained the Silver Treasure Chest on the third floor. Although the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall was so powerful and could sit in the Hall Master's position, it was impossible for him to rely solely on this Silver Treasure Chest. However, if he could obtain the Silver Treasure Chest, it meant that his talent was on par with the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!
If he became an elite disciple in the future, it would be a great honor and resource for him! His talent was similar to that of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. Who would dare to ignore him?
Therefore, Zhao Xiaohua had to concentrate on observing and not let go of any details. After grasping these details and thinking of countermeasures, his chances of obtaining the Silver Treasure Chest would increase by at least 30%.
From this point of view, Luo Zheng entering the cliff was actually beneficial to Zhao Xiaohua. At the very least, Luo Zheng's exploration of the dangers on each floor was a strong demonstration.
It was beneficial to Zhao Xiaohua, but it didn't mean that Zhao Xiaohua had forgiven Luo Zheng. On the contrary, Zhao Xiaohua already hated Luo Zheng to the bone … Therefore, Zhao Xiaohua hoped that Luo Zheng could fully display his strength so that he could clearly see the dangers on the third floor. However, he also didn't want Luo Zheng to really succeed in passing the level and obtain the Silver Insurance. This was a very complicated mentality.
"Clang, clang …"
The sound became louder and louder. Soon, a strange object appeared at the entrance of the cave.
"A puppet?"
Luo Zheng found it difficult to describe what it was.
It looked like a puppet pieced together with pillars. Luo Zheng couldn't find a comparison for this thing in his mind. However, it could move on its own and he couldn't sense any signs of life from this thing. Therefore, Luo Zheng could only call it a puppet.
However, this puppet's hands and feet were made of shiny metal pillars. At the end of the pillars, there were no hands or feet. Instead, there were sharp blades. Each blade emitted a cold light. Clearly, the quality of these sharp blades wasn't low. Not only were the hands and feet covered with blades, but there were also blades on the head, shoulders, and many other places.
This kind of puppet was clearly born for killing. This was a killing puppet!
After the puppet walked out of the cave, it quickly rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Its feet were also two sharp blades. With every step it took, it deeply nailed itself into the stone platform.
In the process of rapidly approaching Luo Zheng, its thin body, which only had one metal pillar, suddenly began to rotate. As its body rotated, its arms began to rotate at an extremely high speed like a large windmill, strangling towards Luo Zheng.
"How do I deal with this thing?"
Puppets weren't humans. They didn't have an absolute weakness. According to Luo Zheng's conjecture, this puppet should have a core that provided it with energy. He only needed to break that core.
The problem was that Luo Zheng didn't have much time to observe. Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the stone platform. If he couldn't block the puppet's first attack, he would fall down and be eliminated.
"Waist!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His waist suddenly attacked, like a tiger crouching on the ground, ready to attack the enemy! In some moves, this kind of attack posture was called the Subduing Tiger Style. The moment the puppet rushed over, Luo Zheng's feet stomped hard. His whole body was like a pouncing tiger. At the same time, the Flowing Light Longsword slashed out horizontally.

Chapter 363
The Flowing Light Longsword danced in the air, creating a dazzling silver sword shadow, and heavily struck the puppet's waist.
"Ding!"
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the puppet was made of an unknown metal. Even Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword couldn't cut it open. The recoil from the Flowing Light Longsword made his hand numb.
"So hard! Even an immortal weapon can't cut it open! "
Luo Zheng's sword didn't succeed, so the puppet attacked Luo Zheng. The puppet's body tilted slightly, and the high-speed rotating blades twisted towards Luo Zheng.
The speed of the two blades' rotation had exceeded the limit of the naked eye. Only circular shadows could be seen. Because the rotation speed was too fast, it looked like a silver plate, reflecting all the light.
"Whoosh …"
Facing the rotating blades, Luo Zheng quickly retreated and even rolled on the ground to avoid it.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that the puppet would directly cut the silver plate to the ground. It actually wanted to cut the stone platform, so Luo Zheng would fall down!
This puppet was too smart, so smart that it was abnormal …
Generally speaking, human-made puppets could only execute simple orders. They would be somewhat dull when dealing with slightly more complicated matters.
However, after this puppet forced Luo Zheng to retreat, it knew how to cut the stone platform and let Luo Zheng fall down by himself. It was obvious that it could think.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to think about the problem. Naturally, Luo Zheng didn't want to fall down. Once he fell, facing the siege of the Cloud Hall's disciples was a small matter. However, Luo Zheng had to take this silver treasure chest. Moreover, there was still a gold treasure chest above it. Perhaps Luo Zheng would want to get a share of it. As for the black treasure chest at the top, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, if there was a chance, he wouldn't give it up!
This wasn't because Luo Zheng was ambitious. His mentality had always been very good. If there was an opportunity, he would do his best. If he couldn't get it in the end, then his strength and luck were not enough. At that time, Luo Zheng would choose to accept his fate.
For example, the Immortal Mansion hidden in the Eastern Region was obviously a great opportunity. However, in the end, Luo Zheng was only the temporary owner of the Immortal Mansion. If he could become the real owner of the Immortal Mansion, then he would benefit a lot. However, he didn't try to become the real owner of the Immortal Mansion. this was because Luo Zheng knew his own strength!
Although it was important to fight, sometimes it was more important to see oneself!
Now that Luo Zheng Luo Zheng's eyes, how could he not fight?
The speed of the puppet's cutting was extremely fast. A series of ear-piercing buzzing sounds could be heard as stone chips flew in all directions. Under all of this, it had already cut half of the protruding stone platform on the cliff. If it continued to cut down, even if it didn't cut it, the stone platform would still break due to its own weight.
"Stop it for me!"
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into the metal puppet from different directions. Although Luo Zheng Luo Zheng knew that the metal puppet was ridiculously strong and that the Heavenly Demon Phantoms would have no effect on it, they could still interfere with it.
Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!
Just as Luo Zheng Luo Zheng had predicted, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into it like eggs hitting a rock!
The material used to refine this puppet was definitely the strongest metal Luo Zheng Luo Zheng had ever seen. Just this puppet alone could probably be sold for a sky-high price outside.
At the same time that the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into it, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had already stabbed into the constantly spinning silver plate. Luo Zheng Luo Zheng wanted to stop this "windmill" and make it stop.
Clang!
The sword pierced through the silver plate. The upper half of the Flowing Light Longsword was stuck in the waist of the puppet, while the middle half forcibly stopped the puppet from spinning. Because the strength was too great, the Flowing Light Longsword was completely twisted into a fried dough twist.
Luo Zheng's heart ached when he saw his immortal artifact become like this. There was nothing he could do about it. This puppet was too abnormal. Not only was it invulnerable, its reaction was also extremely fast.
Just as Luo Zheng locked the puppet's body, the metal pillars on the puppet's body began to lengthen and shorten. It was actually changing its shape!
Two long metal poles suddenly protruded from the legs of the puppet. At the top of the poles were three sharp claws. The three sharp claws suddenly grabbed at Luo Zheng and locked onto Luo Zheng's legs in an instant.
"Pfff! Pfff!"
Luo Zheng's ankles were locked by the sharp claws. Those sharp claws instantly cut open Luo Zheng's skin and firmly stuck onto the bones of Luo Zheng's ankles. Several streams of blood splashed out.
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had been injured since he entered the Road of Trials by Fire!
With Luo Zheng's high-grade spirit artifact body, ordinary attacks simply couldn't break through his tyrannical body. However, he couldn't stop the sharp claws of the puppet in front of him.
Fortunately, the strength of Luo Zheng's bones was even more terrifying, so the sharp claws didn't cut open the bones of his feet. If it were other warriors, their feet would have been completely broken by now.
Even so, Luo Zheng's current situation was very critical. After his legs were locked, Luo Zheng had already lost the ability to move. Just as Luo Zheng was about to use his fists to resist, two more metal poles protruded from the shoulders of the puppet.
"Puff, puff, puff!"
The sharp claws on the poles locked onto Luo Zheng's wrists once again. Streams of blood gushed out from Luo Zheng's arms and dyed Luo Zheng's sleeves red.
This time, Luo Zheng's hands were locked.
With his hands and feet locked, Luo Zheng was now a fish on the chopping board. He could only be slaughtered, or rather, slaughtered by the puppet …
The puppet probably judged that ordinary attacks couldn't really hurt Luo Zheng, so a sharp awl drilled out of its chest. After that awl popped out, it spun at high speed with a buzzing sound and drilled towards Luo Zheng's chest. It actually wanted to drill Luo Zheng to death!
Seeing this scene, even the disciples of the Cloud Hall sucked in a breath of cold air …
Wasn't this too tragic?
Previously, the disciples of the Cloud Hall felt that everything was going smoothly. Even when they passed through the first half of the Burning Sky Sea of Flames, they didn't encounter too much danger.
After entering the hidden trial and sweeping away the Ghost-Faced Spiders, they had the misconception that the Trial Challenger's Path wasn't as difficult as it was rumored to be!
If it was just passing through the Trial Challenger's Path, it wouldn't be too difficult. However, the Trial Challenger's Path was full of opportunities! And dangers often accompanied these opportunities.
For warriors, if they didn't fight for these opportunities after entering the Trial Challenger's Path, it would be like entering a treasure mountain and returning empty-handed. This was something that no warrior could accept.
At this moment, they understood that if they weren't strong enough, trying to take away the opportunities was no different from courting death!
Seeing the puppet's strength, Zhao Xiaohua shook his head. On one hand, he was glad that Luo Zheng had died inside. On the other hand, he had to accept another fact. If he had climbed to the third level, he was afraid that he would have died faster than Luo Zheng.
Under the arched door, Shi Jingtian's face was as gloomy as a piece of black iron. It was hard and dark as he stared at Xin Gui without saying a word.
The Trial Challenger's Path was full of danger. Once danger appeared, these elders wouldn't be able to help. They could only watch from the side.
The several Sect Leaders knew that Shi Jingtian's mood was very bad. Even Grandma Long, who had been ridiculing Shi Jingtian, didn't dare to speak at this time. If she continued to provoke Shi Jingtian, this guy might really attack. However, although Grandma Long didn't say anything, she was very happy in her heart.
This Luo Zheng had overestimated himself and wanted to climb to the third level to court death. No one could stop him. With the strength of a Xiantian third stage, he should have just followed the other warriors to pass the Trial Challenger's Path. He wanted to learn from others and pass the Trial Challenger's Path. He wanted to obtain a great opportunity, but he didn't know that he didn't have the fortune to enjoy it!
Fei Han sighed, shook his head and said, "If I'm not wrong, this puppet is made of 'Red Thunder Purple Mysterious Iron'. Therefore, the surface of the puppet has a purple and golden metallic luster. This material is used to forge high-grade immortal equipment. It is extremely tough. If Luo Zheng wants to break this Red Thunder Purple Mysterious Iron … it is almost impossible."
Looking at Shi Jingtian's expression, Fei Han didn't say much. He could only hope that Luo Zheng still had the means to break free from the puppet and jump down from the stone platform.
At this point, no martial artist would covet the treasure chest at the end of the stone platform. Their own life was the most important thing. If they didn't even have their life, then what was the point of having a mountain of gold and silver?
But with Luo Zheng's strength, could he break free?
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't sit still and wait for death!
With his limbs locked down, Luo Zheng let out a loud roar, and all the power in his body gushed out like spring water. All the dragon scales in his body lit up at the same time, and surging power poured into his body.
Then, Luo Zheng used all his strength to shrink his body. He endured the sharp pain from the claws on his limbs and tried to break free from the puppet's shackles.
But the puppet didn't move at all. The disparity in strength was too big. It was like a child kicking a thick tree. It didn't move at all.
At this time, Luo Zheng noticed that the puppet had stabbed several sharp blades into the stone platform. His eyes flashed and he seemed to have found a way to break free. His whole body suddenly fell backward!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 364
It had to be said that Luo Zheng did not absorb all of the Heaven's Divination Essence because he had considered the seller's crystal.
When he was in the Eastern Region, he had enough power. The power of more than a hundred dragon scales was enough to make him unrivaled in the same realm, even among Divine Illumination Realm experts.
However, at this moment, it was not enough. If he had known this would happen, he would have absorbed more of the Heaven Amplification Essence. If he could light up five hundred dragon scales now, or even more, he would be able to tear this puppet apart with his bare hands …
But Luo Zheng still had to consider the problem of his body's strength.
No matter how powerful the dragon scales were, he still had to consider the problem of his body's endurance. If his body could not withstand such a huge amount of power, the first to collapse would not be his opponent, but his own body.
Although his spirit artifact body was extremely strong, if too much power was applied to his body, it would probably collapse too.
Luo Zheng could not break free from the puppet's claws, but Luo Zheng noticed a detail.
This puppet seemed to be relying on the two sharp blades at its feet to stabilize itself. In other words, the puppet's lower body was unstable!
Facing the awl that was getting closer and closer to his heart, Luo Zheng struggled with all his might, and the entire puppet started to sway. Following the angle of the puppet's swaying, Luo Zheng leaned forward again, and the puppet's sharp blades had to be pulled out from the stone platform. It needed to balance its body!
"Rub, rub, rub …"
The puppet grabbed Luo Zheng and retreated a few steps. With each step, it was swaying from side to side. The sharp blades at its feet pierced holes in the stone platform.
At this moment, the puppet was also swaying from side to side, unable to stabilize itself. Luo Zheng's constant struggle intensified the puppet's swaying!
As the puppet kept retreating, Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer to the blue treasure chest. As long as he touched the blue treasure chest, he would pass this level. It seemed that hope was getting closer and closer to him.
However, just as the puppet was unable to stabilize itself and kept retreating, a long hook suddenly extended from its lower body and shot into the stone platform. There were two barbs at the end of the long hook. After it was nailed into the stone platform, it actually firmly fixed the puppet in place.
"Motherf * cker, this …"
Luo Zheng couldn't help swearing.
When one's strength was insufficient, one could only resort to trickery. Luo Zheng finally came up with a trick, but it was unexpectedly broken by this puppet.
Wasn't this puppet a little too smart?
Could it be that this puppet had innate intelligence? Or could it be that there was a person's soul inside?
Luo Zheng still remembered the servant called Afo in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. He was a puppet, but there was a living soul in the puppet. Not only that, Afo also said that he had made three puppets over the years and had implanted human souls in them.
Since the Immortal Mansion had this technique, it was possible that it existed in the trial taker's path as well.
But even if he figured it out, it was useless. After the puppet stabilized its body, the awl began to make a buzzing sound again and drilled towards Luo Zheng's chest.
"Still can't dodge it?" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed tightly.
The closer it was to life and death, the more one couldn't panic. Perhaps sometimes, a turning point often appeared in an instant.
Luo Zheng exhaled and tried to keep himself calm. Panic would only make him die faster.
Just now, Luo Zheng had taken advantage of the puppet's unstable lower body to push it a few steps away, giving everyone a glimmer of hope. But this puppet firmly fixed itself in place. Almost everyone thought that Luo Zheng was doomed.
This Red Thunder Purple Mysterious Iron had firmly locked Luo Zheng, and there was no possibility of breaking free. They really couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng could escape from this puppet.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng saw a black line not far from his right hand.
These black lines could be seen everywhere in the broken space of the trial taker's path. This was because the trial taker's path had been broken, and the space was not as stable as the Vast Thousand Worlds, so many flaws had appeared.
In thousands of years, these flaws in space would slowly evolve into space cracks, and the entire trial taker's path would fall apart.
Luo Zheng didn't know that these lines were actually the weak points of space, which was the space's flaw …
But he knew that he could use these lines to achieve the effect of teleportation!
He had seen through a trace of the space law. When he had first set foot on the trial taker's path, he had tried to move along these lines. He knew that he wasn't moving, but using these lines to achieve the effect of teleportation!
Using the space law to teleport referred to disappearing from one place and reappearing in another in an instant.
When Luo Zheng had used these lines to move, he had actually been teleporting! This was because it had taken him almost no time to teleport from the front of a line to the end.
This magical method of movement made Luo Zheng very happy. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng felt that it wasn't practical … because if he wanted to move, he had to rely on these black lines, and the length of the black lines was too short. The longest one was only a few feet long, and the shortest one was only a few inches long.
The line in front of him was only a foot long, but it was enough for him to escape from the puppet's hands!
Although Luo Zheng's wrists and ankles were firmly locked by four sharp claws, he still had a certain range of movement. At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't have time to think because the awl was less than half a foot away from his heart. If his heart was pierced and crushed by this awl, no matter how strong Luo Zheng's body was, he would still die!
Luo Zheng once again gathered all the strength in his body and suddenly stretched out his right hand, but there was still a little distance between him and the black line.
"Two more inches!"
"Just one more breath away!"
At this moment, the awl had already reached Luo Zheng's chest. The tip of the awl had even pierced through the skin of Luo Zheng's chest. Luo Zheng's body could already feel the power of the awl's continuous rotation and drilling into his body.
"Catch it!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and stretched out his finger towards the black line.
The moment Luo Zheng touched the black line, Luo Zheng's figure stretched out along the black line into countless shadows. Just like that, he strangely escaped from the puppet's restraints.
The four sharp claws that the puppet had used to capture Luo Zheng were now empty. It was as if Luo Zheng had disappeared into thin air.
In fact, Luo Zheng had relied on his slight understanding of the space law to teleport.
Although the range of his movement was very small, only two feet, he had already escaped from the puppet's restraints.
The puppet was clearly stunned. It actually stood there in a daze and forgot to attack Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity and quickly rushed towards the silver treasure chest. The moment Luo Zheng's hand touched the blue treasure chest, the flickering metallic luster on the puppet's surface slowly dimmed.
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
The puppet withdrew the long hook that was holding its body and slowly returned to its cave. When it passed by Luo Zheng, the puppet seemed to turn around and "look" at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng placed his hand on the silver treasure chest and smiled at the puppet. At the same time, he asked, "You are inside this puppet. Am I right?"
"Ka ka —"
The puppet stopped in its tracks and stood still.
"I know you are inside this puppet. If you have a way to release yourself, I … can help you. If you can tell me," Luo Zheng said again.
After a few breaths of time, the puppet stepped forward and returned to the cave.
When their soul was refined into a puppet, it seemed as if they possessed an indestructible and immortal body. However, living in a puppet was a very frightening thing. At this time, "death" was not what they were afraid of. Instead, "living" was an even more frightening thing!
When Luo Zheng entered the Immortal Mansion, Afo was very excited to see him. At the same time, he told him that living as a puppet for tens of millions of years was a very scary thing! At that time, Luo Zheng had already deeply experienced the horror of it.
Presumably, the soul in this puppet was facing the same problem. It was a pity that this puppet seemed to only have the ability to kill and was unable to communicate with him. If it had a soul, it should be able to communicate with him through it. However, it was also possible that its soul was completely sealed.
"Ha ha ha ha ha!" At the entrance of the trial road, under the arched door, Shi Jingtian let out a carefree laugh.
Elder Fei Han also shook his head and laughed, "I didn't expect this, I really didn't expect this. Heaven really never bars one's way! At the beginning, Luo Zheng was able to discover the existence of these black lines. Now, he can use them flexibly. He is really not simple! "

Chapter 365
In the eyes of martial artists, fate was also an illusory thing.
Many martial artists were inclined to believe in fate. As a result, there was a profession in the martial artist world called the Fate Master. It was said to be able to increase a martial artist's fate.
However, there were also many martial artists who scoffed at this idea. They felt that the concept of destiny was untenable. As for those so-called destiny masters, they were all swindlers. Many martial artists would spend a great deal of money to find these destiny masters to increase their destiny when they ventured into mystic realms. In the end, they would still die tragically in those mystic realms.
Therefore, there was a huge debate about the existence of fate. There was still no conclusion.
When it came to Shi Jingtian, Fei Han and the others, they would always choose to believe in the existence of fate. Of course, they wouldn't look for those so-called 'fate masters', and there wouldn't be any scammers who would dare to deceive them.
Just like how Luo Zheng was able to escape from the puppet, it could be said to be the embodiment of fate.
People with great fate were very difficult to kill! At the crucial moment, they could even find a way out …
These few Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han were not only envious of Luo Zheng's silver treasure chest reward, they were even more envious of Luo Zheng's fate.
There were all kinds of strange things in this world. Secret realms, danger zones, danger zones, ominous zones. Although these places were dangerous, they also contained great opportunities. The greater the reward, the greater the danger! It all depended on whether you had the life to obtain it.
"The silver treasure chest opened by the Hall Master that year was actually opened by Luo Zheng." Fei Han let out a long sigh and said, "I think this matter needs to be reported."
When Shi Jingtian heard Fei Han's words, he was delighted. The more outstanding Luo Zheng was, the more benefits he could obtain. If Luo Zheng's performance attracted the attention of the Hall Master, it would definitely be a good thing for him!
Standing in front of the silver treasure chest, Luo Zheng could not hide his excitement.
Zhao Xiaohua knew the value of this silver chest, but Luo Zheng didn't know either. He didn't know that the only silver chest that had been opened had been taken by the Cloud Hall's Hall Master.
Luo Zheng only knew that he had risked his life to obtain this silver treasure chest. It was not easy to obtain this silver treasure chest.
That was how humans were. Things that were hard to come by would naturally be cherished.
"Pata!"
Luo Zheng heard the soft sound of the silver chest opening. It was so pleasing to his ears.
Luo Zheng originally thought that there would be something inside the silver treasure chest that could be directly applied to Luo Zheng's body. However, to his surprise, when he opened the silver treasure chest, he found a jade slip inside.
This jade slip exuded a green luster, as if it was made from the purest jade.
"This jade slip is a secret cultivation technique manual?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly.
He reached out his hand to pick up the jade slip. However, when Luo Zheng's hand touched the jade slip, a strange feeling appeared. The jade slip suddenly turned into specks of green light and spread out. They spiraled up along Luo Zheng's arm and drilled into Luo Zheng's mind.
What kind of jade slip was this? How could it directly drill into his mind? Luo Zheng's heart was suddenly filled with curiosity.
Previously, the black substance in the red treasure chest was a type of Soul Knockout Potion. It was understandable that it could enter one's mind. Later on, the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Soul in the blue treasure chest could also be explained by the fact that it could enter one's heart. After all, they were originally energy related substances.
However, this jade slip could also turn into green light and enter Luo Zheng's mind. This made him feel somewhat incredulous.
After the jade slip spread out, clear words appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
Every word contained an endless killing intent. It was as if every word could kill.
"《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 … saint level cultivation technique …"
"With the lifetime comprehension of the Demon Blood Emperor, this cultivation technique can control the baleful aura of millions of living beings, and can destroy gods and Buddhas …"
"The origin of baleful aura comes from the curse of living beings. It can't break the curse, and solidifies into …"
This was a saint level cultivation technique!
And the person who created this saint level cultivation technique was called the Demon Blood Emperor. This name was extremely unfamiliar to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng was clear that the word "Emperor" in the name had a different meaning from the word "Emperor" in the Burning Sky Dynasty. The word "Emperor" in the secular world was used for ordinary people. In the world of martial artists, it was nothing.
The word "Emperor" in the name of the Demon Blood Emperor was the highest honor for martial artists. Only the strongest of the great thousand worlds had the qualifications to be bestowed the title of Emperor!
This Demon Blood Emperor was once an Emperor level powerhouse! He was probably the previous owner of this ancient ruin.
Such a huge ruin must have once belonged to a peak-level sect. But after tens of millions of years of corrosion, it had gradually withered away. Luo Zheng had no idea whether the Blood Demon Emperor was dead or alive. But at the very least, he had recorded his cultivation technique into a jade letter and placed it here.
After waiting for so many years, Luo Zheng was the one who opened this silver chest. He wondered if the other silver chests contained the same cultivation technique.
Within these five silver chests, there were indeed five jade slips. And these five jade slips contained different cultivation techniques. They were the five legacy cultivation techniques of the Demon Blood Emperor. Among them, the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 was the strongest cultivation technique of the Demon Blood Emperor!
Back then, when the Cloud Hall Hall Master entered the Path of Cultivators, he obtained a cultivation technique called the 《Blood Flame Demon Technique》. It was considered the second strongest cultivation technique of the Demon Blood Emperor. Today, it had become one of the strongest trump cards of the Cloud Hall Hall Master!
This jade-green jade slip was called the Soul Jade Slip. The words on it were engraved with one's own soul.
Luo Zheng could feel the jade slips turning into words in his mind. In fact, this Soul Jade Slip was extremely special. Even if Luo Zheng had a brush and paper, he wouldn't be able to write out the words in his mind word by word. This was because the Soul Jade Slip had a restriction on it. If Luo Zheng tried to force himself to write, there would be a phenomenon of 'forgetting the words'. He would either not be able to express the meaning of the cultivation technique, or he would write the wrong cultivation technique.
Unless Luo Zheng could fully comprehend the cultivation technique engraved in the Soul Jade Slip, only then would he be able to impart it to others.
This Soul Jade Slip could prevent others from prying into Luo Zheng's cultivation technique!
Therefore, even if someone set their eyes on Luo Zheng's cultivation technique, they would be a hundred times stronger than Luo Zheng. They would be able to force Luo Zheng to write it down. Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do so.
Luo Zheng, who possessed a Saint Grade cultivation technique, was very clear on the might of a Saint Grade cultivation technique. Luo Zheng hadn't fully comprehended the 《Demonic God Fist》, but Luo Zheng was clearer than anyone else on the terrifying aspects of the Heavenly Demon True Essence. It could swallow the True Essence of others for its own use, and the Heavenly Demon Phantom could shatter and reform … only a Saint Grade cultivation technique could produce such a perverse effect.
More importantly, Luo Zheng had entered the 《Slaughter Sword Mountain》. In the future, he would walk the path of the Slaughter Sword Dao, and the most important aspect of the Slaughter Sword Dao was infernal energy!
Now, Luo Zheng had stored several portions of infernal energy in the Slaughter Sword Mountain. In order to display the might of the infernal energy, he had to cultivate a cultivation technique related to infernal energy. In this way, the appearance of the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 would be of great help to Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng couldn't wait to sit down and cultivate the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》. However, this was the path of a Trial Challenger. It was naturally unrealistic to cultivate here.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strange itch coming from his hands and feet. Only then did he notice that the wounds on his hands and feet were slowly healing.
"The speed at which the wounds are healing …" Luo Zheng was immediately astonished.
Just now, the puppet's four sharp claws had cut open the flesh on Luo Zheng's limbs, leaving behind bloody wounds. He never expected that in such a short period of time, the wounds would automatically heal. The blood on them also began to coagulate and form scabs.
This was the ability that came from the nine-headed snake's blood soul. Legend had it that even if a nine-headed snake was cut off, it could still regrow. Their most amazing talent was their ability to heal. The powerful power of blood allowed Luo Zheng's body to heal ten times faster. Naturally, the speed at which his body healed was much faster.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the wounds. After obtaining the silver treasure chest, Luo Zheng set his sights on the gold treasure chest …
However, this time, Luo Zheng was very cautious. He wanted to take the gold treasure chest and the black treasure chest. Every item inside would benefit him immensely.
The problem was that in order to obtain the silver treasure chest, he had nearly paid the price of his life. The difficulty of obtaining the gold and black treasure chests was obvious.
Should he take this treasure chest or not?

Chapter 366
On the fourth level of the platform, two golden chests emitted a dark golden glow. It was a huge temptation to all martial artists.
However, no one had obtained the reward from the golden chests since the start of the Path of the Trialtakers.
Even the current Hall Master of the Cloud Hall had not obtained one!
The golden chests were very tempting to other martial artists, but to Luo Zheng, it was even more tempting!
This was because Luo Zheng had obtained the rewards from three chests. Each reward was bigger than the previous one, and each was rarer than the previous one! He understood the benefits of these chests better than the other martial artists.
The first level was a soul reward. The second level was a Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul that increased one's blood vitality. The third level was the Demon Blood Emperor's secret manual, a Saint Tier cultivation technique! Then what about the fourth level? The fifth level?
It was hard to imagine what the rewards would be!
However, Luo Zheng was not a reckless person. People who were too impulsive usually died very quickly.
In order to obtain the reward from the silver chests, Luo Zheng's life was on the line. With his own strength, if he wanted to obtain the reward from the golden chests, he was afraid …
Treasures, weapons, and cultivation techniques were important, but his own life was more important.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng's cultivation was still very low. According to Shi Jingtian, anyone below the third stage of the Divine Reflection Realm could enter the Path of the Trialtakers. If he became an elite of the Cloud Hall, he might have a chance to enter the Path of the Trialtakers again. After all, the Path of the Trialtakers was controlled by the Cloud Hall. As long as it was a rule set by someone, there was a chance to fight for it.
However, Luo Zheng chose to give up temporarily. This did not mean that he did not want to see what the test of the fourth level was.
He slowly climbed up the cliff, then jumped up and stood on the edge of the fourth level. The moment Luo Zheng stood on the edge of the stone platform, he saw two red lights appear in the cave. At the same time, Luo Zheng heard a low whimpering sound!
"Savage beast!"
A fear that made Luo Zheng's hair stand covered Luo Zheng's entire body. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt as though his heart was being held by an invisible force! He felt that he could not move!
What kind of savage beast was this? How could it possess such terrifying might?
Even when he was facing the Yao Clan in the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had not been so scared.
"Thump, thump!" Luo Zheng's heart kept beating.
"Run!"
Facing the ferocious beasts in the cave, Luo Zheng almost instinctively kicked off the stone platform.
The moment Luo Zheng left the stone platform, the Ominous Beast rushed out of the cave. However, the Ominous Beast was so fast that it looked like a black shadow. Only its pair of blood-red eyes were so eye-catching!
The beast's speed was extremely fast. Even though Luo Zheng chose to jump off the stone platform, the beast still arrived in front of Luo Zheng and fiercely swung its front claws at Luo Zheng.
"Pop …"
In the end, it was still a bit too late. The front claw only tore the clothes on Luo Zheng's chest.
After escaping, Luo Zheng fell down the cliff. While he was in the air, he adjusted his body and finally stood firmly on the ground.
The moment he stood firm, Luo Zheng planned to escape!
He still remembered that the group of Cloud Hall disciples were eyeing him covetously! The large formation they had set up was a great threat to him.
However, after standing firm, Luo Zheng felt that something was wrong.
"Aooo —"
A wolf's howl came from above Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng looked up and saw the savage beast standing on the edge of the stone platform, howling towards the sky.
At this moment, the many disciples of the Cloud Hall were so scared that their legs turned to jelly. They did not dare to move. Some of the more timid disciples of the Cloud Hall were so scared that their legs turned to jelly and they sat on the ground.
Even Zhao Xiaohua's face was deathly pale. She stared at the savage beast on the stone platform with a complicated expression.
This savage beast looked like a wolf, but its body was very large. Its entire body was pitch-black like a shadow. Luo Zheng did not know what it was, but Zhao Xiaohua had heard of it before.
"This is the Shadow Wolf King. I didn't expect … that the guardian of the golden treasure chest on the fourth floor would be such a savage beast. No wonder no one was able to take the golden treasure chest. It was never intended for anyone to take it," Zhao Xiaohua thought to herself.
The Shadow Wolf King was a legendary savage beast. It was a type of shadow creature. In essence, it could no longer be considered a living creature!
After the Shadow Wolf King howled towards the sky, it glared fiercely at Luo Zheng before slowly retreating back to its cave.
That gaze almost made Luo Zheng's heart stop beating. Fortunately, he did not take the risk to challenge the fourth floor. Luo Zheng patted his chest and exhaled. Coincidentally, his gaze met Zhao Xiaohua's.
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, Zhao Xiaohua did not only attack him with his great array.
A nearby Cloud Hall disciple reminded him, "Brother Hua! Aren't you going to deal with that kid? "
Zhao Xiaohua did not say anything, nor did he move. He just silently stared at Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Zhao Xiaohua was in a daze, Luo Zheng naturally did not waste any more time here. Although he did not know why Zhao Xiaohua was in a daze, it was good enough that he did not attack him. Thus, Luo Zheng quickly left.
After Luo Zheng disappeared into the forest, Zhao Xiaohua viciously slapped the Cloud Hall disciple who had just reminded him. "Deal with him? You want to kill me? "
The Cloud Hall disciple felt very wronged. He covered his head and said, "Brother Hua, didn't you say we were going to deal with him? Besides, if we activate the Twelve Earthly Branches Great Array, that kid will definitely be killed by us. "
"You're an idiot." Zhao Xiaohua rolled his eyes at the Cloud Hall disciple in disdain.
It was not that Zhao Xiaohua did not want to make a move, but that he did not dare to make a move.
After all, he was born in a third-rank family. Zhao Xiaohua was very clear about the situation. He knew that at this time, there were a bunch of sect masters and an elder watching outside!
If Zhao Xiaohua had killed Luo Zheng before, it would not have been a big problem. At most, he would have been troubled by a second-rank sect master. With the strength of the South Prince Zhao Family, he could handle this trouble.
However, it was different now. Luo Zheng had obtained the silver treasure chest! For so many years, only the Cloud Hall's Hall Master had obtained it. This meant that Luo Zheng's potential was as great as the Cloud Hall's Hall Master's, or even greater! This was because Luo Zheng's cultivation was even lower! When the Cloud Hall's Hall Master entered the Road of the Trial Takers, he had already stepped into the Divine Realm.
How could such a person not be valued by the higher-ups of the Cloud Hall?
Zhao Xiaohua could not afford to offend Elder Fei Han. Killing Luo Zheng? He could do it with the Twelve Earthly Branches Great Array, but how would he explain it to Fei Han? If Fei Han reported this matter to the Hall Master, how would he explain it to him?
This would probably become Zhao Xiaohua's biggest problem!
Zhao Xiaohua's guess was very accurate.
When Fei Han attacked Luo Zheng before, he still had a smile on his face. Although Luo Zheng's talent was not bad and his performance was very amazing, there were too many geniuses in the five second-rank sects and the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng's previous performance had made Fei Han look at him in a new light, but it was not enough for Fei Han to protect Luo Zheng.
But now it was different. After obtaining the third silver treasure chest, Luo Zheng's status in Fei Han's heart had rapidly risen!
When Luo Zheng fell, Fei Han's face darkened. He was worried that Zhao Xiaohua would use the Twelve Earthly Branches Great Array to deal with Luo Zheng. Unfortunately, he couldn't send a sound transmission, otherwise he would have warned Zhao Xiaohua not to act rashly. Otherwise, even the South King's Zhao Family wouldn't be able to protect him.
Luckily, Zhao Xiaohua was a smart person. He clearly understood the situation and knew who he could touch and who he couldn't.
So when he saw Luo Zheng safely leave, Fei Han's mood slowly improved …
Luo Zheng returned along the path he came from and entered the lush forest. As he walked, he took out his clothes from his spatial ring and changed. Just as he finished changing, Luo Zheng frowned and shouted, "Come out!"
A dark shadow fell from the sky and stepped on the ground. It was the cloaked youth.
He heard the cloaked youth say, "You're amazing. You actually obtained the third treasure chest. I didn't even dare to think about it! Can I go with you? "
Luo Zheng faintly looked at the cloaked youth and shook his head, "I won't go with someone who doesn't show his true face."
"Shua!"
The cloaked youth tore open his cloak, revealing a handsome face with a trace of evil aura. "My name is Red Maple."
"Luo Zheng!"
After the two introduced themselves, they continued to walk outside. They probably hadn't even reached the halfway point of the smelting trial. Luo Zheng was well aware of the importance of cooperation. It was a pity that Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao had already left. This Red Maple was also very strong, so they could travel together.
However, this Red Maple was very long-winded. In just a short time, he kept asking Luo Zheng questions. This made Luo Zheng very annoyed and even regretted agreeing to travel with him.
When Luo Zheng walked out of the forest and saw the constantly surging Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, he said, "The Burning Heaven Sea of Fire has begun to recede. Let's hurry up and catch up!"
(The tenth update was a little late. I didn't try so hard, but your monthly votes and rewards were so generous. I had to grit my teeth and do it. It's just an hour late, please forgive me.)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 367
The vast and boundless Burning Heaven Sea of Flames began to slowly recede, revealing one stone block after another. Not far away, the martial artists flew down from the high platform one by one and rapidly advanced on the stone blocks.
Luo Zheng and Red Maple quickly passed through the high platform, jumped onto the stone blocks, and followed behind these martial artists.
During this process, Luo Zheng intentionally increased his speed, wanting to shake off Red Maple. However, this guy's speed was faster than his. If Luo Zheng sped up, he sped up. If Luo Zheng slowed down, he also slowed down. Moreover, he kept chattering beside Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng, what exactly is inside the silver treasure chest on the third floor?" Red Maple asked.
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes at Red Maple. This question was very idiotic. How could Luo Zheng possibly tell him?
After being rewarded with an eye roll by Luo Zheng, Red Maple didn't feel offended at all. He just smiled embarrassedly and changed the topic. "Luo Zheng, don't you feel that the difficulty of the hidden trial is too high?"
Too high?
Luo Zheng indeed felt this way.
Throughout the entire Trial Challenger's Path, besides the hidden trial, Luo Zheng hadn't encountered anything too difficult. Perhaps there were occasional deaths of elite disciples, but that was because his luck was too bad, or his strength wasn't enough.
However, the difficulty of the hidden trial was indeed abnormally high.
When Luo Zheng first saw the hidden trial, his goal was the black treasure chest on the highest floor!
In the end, Luo Zheng used all his strength and only obtained the silver treasure chest on the third floor. He also obtained the item inside the silver treasure chest.
As for the strength of the black wolf king on the fourth floor, it was simply beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Luo Zheng had no confidence at all, so he had no choice but to temporarily retreat.
Clearly, the difficulty of the hidden trial was too high. Even the elite disciples of large sects found it extremely difficult to obtain the red treasure chest on the first floor. For example, the Cloud Hall disciple was an example. The Cloud Hall disciple who was able to enter the Trial Challenger's Path was ranked among the peak of second-grade sects. However, he couldn't even obtain the chest on the first floor. It was simply not allowing anyone to take the chest on the first floor.
Because the chest was difficult to take away, the rewards inside the chest were exceptionally high. Even the Cloud Hall didn't have this kind of foundation.
Think about it, if the Trial Challenger's Path was set up by the Cloud Hall, would they place the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel as a reward? That was obviously impossible!
This kind of top-notch lost art wouldn't be easily taught to outsiders. Not to mention giving it to the disciples of the Cloud Palace, even people like Shi Jingtian wouldn't be able to obtain it.
The source of the secret might be the Demon Blood Emperor.
To be able to be called an "Emperor" level expert, this ancient ruin was probably once a sixth-grade sect.
For some reason unknown to Luo Zheng, this sixth-grade sect was eventually destroyed. The Demon Blood Emperor might have suffered heavy injuries, or he might have left this place due to other reasons. In short, the Demon Blood Emperor placed all the foundation of this sixth-grade sect into the Trial Challenger's Path. At the same time, he adjusted the difficulty of the Trial Challenger's Path.
This was the only way to explain why the hidden trial's difficulty was so high and why the rewards were so shocking!
According to this inference, the items inside the gold and black treasure chests were probably the top inheritances of this sixth-grade sect!
Of course, this was only Luo Zheng's inference. However, regardless of whether his inference was correct or not, Luo Zheng felt that he had to take away the gold and black treasure chests! As for how to take them away, he still needed to think about it at length.
"Hey! You still haven't answered my question! "The Red Maple saw that Luo Zheng was deep in thought and said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He was too lazy to talk nonsense with this guy and suddenly increased his speed. However, the Red Maple was like a sticky candy, sticking closely to Luo Zheng's side. There was no way to get rid of him.
At this time, the sea of fire in front of them suddenly shot out a ten feet tall magma pillar! After the magma pillar shot into the air, it scattered in all directions. Many of the magma splashed towards the stone block like a magma rain, pouring down in torrents.
"Everyone, be careful!"
The martial artists on the path all activated their protective True Yuan or defensive treasures to block this magma rain.
On the surface of Luo Zheng's body appeared a little bit of Sword Intent. All the magma that approached him was strangled and bounced away by the Sword Intent Cyclone.
The Red Maple took out his black cloak. His black cloak looked very ordinary, but in fact, it should be a special magic weapon. Not only could it completely shield his aura, but it also formed a special force field. All the magma that splashed onto his body automatically slid down along the force field around his cloak.
After the magma pillar disappeared, the magma rain also stopped. At this time, a huge monster floated up from the sea of fire. This monster was hundreds of feet long and its body was like a huge hill.
"The Bonfire Giant Whale! This is the Bonfire Giant Whale! "
"Don't panic. The Bonfire Giant Whale will not take the initiative to attack. It is very docile. As long as we don't provoke it, it will be fine. If we provoke it, none of us will be able to survive!"
Looking at the Bonfire Giant Whale, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of shock. He didn't expect that there would be such a huge monster in the Sea of Fire!
The Bonfire Giant Whale exposed its huge head and crawled above the Sea of Fire. On the surface, this giant whale looked very similar to the whales in the sea. Its back was blue, and its belly was white. However, on its blue back, there were many lines of fiery red lines.
It was best not to provoke such a huge monster. If this monster was accidentally angered, it only needed to flick its tail to raise a hundred feet high magma wave, which could instantly kill everyone.
Luo Zheng could rely on his body to withstand the burning of the magma. Previously, Luo Zheng thought that if worst came to worst, he could just swim through the Sea of Fire. Now that he thought about it, it was completely a pipe dream.
Even a creature like the Bonfire Giant Whale existed. In this Sea of Fire, there were probably countless powerful creatures. In the magma, how could Luo Zheng be their opponent?
At this time, everyone was very cautious. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly. Their speed also slowed down, for fear of disturbing the big monster not too far away.
Fortunately, the Bonfire Giant Whale didn't seem to be interested in these puny humans. It floated on the surface of the magma, took a deep breath, and then slowly dived down, disappearing into the Sea of Fire.
Seeing the Bonfire Giant Whale leave, all the martial artists let out a long sigh of relief. Then, they picked up their speed and dashed forward.
As everyone continued to move forward, the tide of the Sea of Fire began to fluctuate again. But because the journey had been smooth, when the tide arrived, everyone had already jumped onto the next high platform, avoiding the rising tide.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that there wouldn't be anyone on the next high platform. The third high platform was the same as the first high platform, a temporary resting place. The martial artists on it should have all left when the tide ebbed. After all, the end of the Sea of Fire was right in front of them. No one would choose to waste time here.
But to Luo Zheng's surprise, the third high platform was actually densely packed with people …
This high platform wasn't wide to begin with, but it seemed that the disciples of the five second-grade sects and the Cloud Hall were all stuck here.
"Hua Tianming?" Luo Zheng quickly found Hua Tianming in the crowd.
Seeing Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming revealed a wry smile. "We're stuck here."
"Stuck here? Can't we pass through the front? "Luo Zheng asked strangely.
Hua Tianming nodded. "The stone blocks in front have been destroyed."
"The stone blocks have been destroyed?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, a look of surprise on his face. Obviously, he hadn't expected this to happen.
The stone blocks in the Sea of Fire weren't particularly sturdy. One or two stone blocks had been damaged on the way here, but that distance wasn't much for martial artists. They could cross it with a single leap.
However, more than a hundred stone blocks in front of them had been destroyed. This wasn't something that could be crossed with a single leap, and flying was prohibited on the trial by fire path …
This was equivalent to all the martial artists participating in the trial being stuck here.
Everyone didn't know whether to laugh or cry when this happened. However, they couldn't turn back the way they came, right? Therefore, many martial artists returned to the high platform to discuss countermeasures.
After listening to Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng nodded and then asked, "Why isn't Pei Tianyao here?"
The high platform wasn't big, and Luo Zheng found that Pei Tianyao wasn't on it. Pei Tianyao had clearly walked in front of Luo Zheng. Now that he wasn't here, could it be that he had died?
With Pei Tianyao's strength, he shouldn't have died here.
Hua Tianming smiled bitterly. "Pei Tianyao took another path."
"Another path? There's another path? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Yes, Cloud Hall's Zhuo Bufan, Rosy Clouds Sect's Jin Qiaoning, two other people, and Pei Tianyao all chose this path. Only seven or eight stone blocks on that path were broken. It's not difficult to cross," Hua Tianming said.
"Why … Why didn't most of you go?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Because that path is called the Path of Death!" A Cloud Hall disciple suddenly interrupted and replied coldly.
Hua Tianming also nodded. "There is actually a fork in the road ahead. According to the Cloud Hall disciple, this fork is divided into two paths. One is the Path of Life, and the other is the Path of Death."
For the Cloud Hall, there were many unsolved mysteries on the trial by fire path.
Almost all the disciples would choose the "Path of Life" when they passed through this path.

Chapter 368
Looking at the vast sea of fire, Luo Zheng fell into contemplation again. According to Luo Zheng's previous inference, the difficulty of the Trial Challenger's Road should have been increased.
That was why the previous hidden trial by fire was so difficult.
And this Road of Death should also be a hidden trial by fire, but the difficulty of the "Road of Death" was originally much higher than the "Road of Life". Now that the overall difficulty had been greatly increased, the "Road of Death" had become a complete dead end.
This Road of Death was not a dead end, but the difficulty of passing it had been greatly increased. Many disciples simply could not pass it.
Under such difficulty, there was naturally a great opportunity. Luo Zheng estimated that this Road of Death might even contain the real secret of the Trial Challenger's Road.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly said to Hua Tianming: "Brother Tianming, let's also walk the Road of Death!"
This high platform wasn't too large, and most of the martial artists who were attempting the Road of Trial were on it. Luo Zheng's words immediately attracted the attention of all the martial artists present. After sizing Luo Zheng up, disdainful smiles appeared on their faces.
Was this a joke?
Zhuo Bufan and Jin Qiaoning dared to walk the Road of Death because they were bold and had a chance of passing it. But this guy, who was only at Xiantian third stage, also wanted to join in the fun? Wasn't this courting death? Everyone thought so, but no one reminded or warned Luo Zheng.
After all, what did Luo Zheng's life have to do with them?
In fact, although more than a hundred stone blocks had been broken in the Road of Life, it was not that there was no way to cross it. Warriors had various abilities, and now that so many people had gathered here, they would eventually come up with a solution.
For example, the female disciple of Iridescent Clouds Sect used her ice attribute Secret Art to temporarily freeze the magma, forming a short road for people to pass through. If warriors with similar abilities cooperated well with each other, it was enough to let them jump onto the Road of Life. Therefore, these warriors were discussing this problem, how to cooperate, how to seize the opportunity, and how to do all these things had to be very precise and time-consuming.
Hua Tianming thought for a while, but before he had time to answer, Red Maple, who was not far away from him, suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng: "Good idea! I also want to walk the Road of Death! "
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He also knew that Red Maple would not be so easy to get rid of. If he forced himself to follow, Luo Zheng really could not do anything.
"In that case, I will also participate!" Hua Tianming also nodded.... Previously, Pei Tianyao had chosen to walk with Zhuo Bufan and Zhuo Bufan, but Hua Tianming had hesitated and decided to stay on the high platform...........................
Until the next time the Burning Sea of Fire receded, the warriors on the high platform were still carefully planning their plan to cross the Path of Life. Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Baili Hongfeng had already jumped off the high platform.
.....................................................
.. "" Do you mean that our Senior Zhuo is also going to die? " Hearing the word "again", the disciples of the Cloud Hall were a little unhappy. In the hearts of the disciples of the Cloud Hall, Zhuo Bufan was a god-like existence. There was no place in the world that Zhuo Bufan could not go.
When the last wave of fire subsided, Zhuo Bufan made this decision, which made all the disciples of the Cloud Hall excited!
So what if it was the Road of Death? The warriors who died in the Road of Death were all arrogant people. They were not strong enough, so they could only die. However, their Cloud Hall's Senior Zhuo was different. Even if it was the Road of Death, he could still break through it. This was called fighting to survive!
Therefore, when they heard the word "again", the disciples of the Cloud Hall naturally had something to say.
Seeing the aggressive attitude of the disciples of the Cloud Hall, the other warriors suddenly stopped talking. However, they were somewhat unconvinced. Zhuo Bufan was indeed very strong, but how many people who dared to challenge the Road of Death were weak? If they knew that they were not strong enough, they would have chosen the Road of Life. Was it fun to die?
However, these words could only be said in their hearts. The disciples of the Cloud Hall had always been very domineering. It would not be good to offend them.
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Red Maple took advantage of the ebb of the tide and ran along the stone blocks. After a while, they saw a fork in the road.
Both paths were broken, as if they had been broken by some powerful beast. However, the path on the right had more broken stone blocks. There were hundreds of them. This was the Road of Life! According to the normal way of the Trial Takers, they would definitely take the Road of Life. However, the path on the left only had a few broken stone blocks. This path was the Road of Death!
"Jump over!"
Since he had chosen this path, Luo Zheng did not hesitate too much. He ran down and jumped up. With his sleeves fluttering, he had already reached the opposite side.
Hua Tianming was also a strong-willed person. It was just that he had been slightly hesitant before. Since he had agreed to travel with Luo Zheng, he naturally would not have any other thoughts. He also jumped over.
As for Red Maple …
"Ah ha!"
He was like an eagle spreading its wings in the air. He rolled in a circle and even shook his cloak to form a pair of wings. His feet stepped in the air, and he flew higher. His movements were more elegant, and at the same time, he let out an exaggerated strange cry.
Hua Tianming looked back and praised, "Good movement!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. "Another idiot …"
Red Maple's personality was somewhat similar to Li Yifeng's, but he seemed to be slightly more normal. Otherwise, with this guy's long-winded personality, Luo Zheng would have desperately tried to shake him off.
"Road of Death, let's go!"
The three of them formed a straight line and continued to advance on the stone blocks.
After running like this for a while, the lava in the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire began to move again.
"The tide has risen. Why haven't we reached the end yet?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Red Maple's face was full of depression. "No way. I know what this Road of Death is all about. This road is definitely a dead end. There's no end. This way, everyone will be drowned by the lava!"
"Don't say such discouraging words!" Luo Zheng curled his lips. The Road of Trial Takers was set up for the disciples of the Sixth Rank Sects. As for the Road of Death being a true "dead end", Luo Zheng did not believe it at all. The Blood Demon Emperor would not create such a boring dead end, because it was meaningless.
"Luo Zheng, in front!" At this time, Hua Tianming, who had been silent all this time, pointed to the front.
These stone blocks extended into the distance and abruptly stopped at a certain place. This was a dead end!
Seeing this dead end, Red Maple shook his head with a sad face. "Unfortunately, I was right …"
"Don't jinx it!" Luo Zheng's heart sank, but he still had no intention of retreating.
Now that the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire had begun to rise, it was definitely too late to retreat. Luo Zheng could only bet that the person who set up the Road of Trial Takers would not be so bored as to create a dead end to cheat others.
"What should I do? I don't want to die! "Red Maple grinned and howled as he ran.
"Wuwuwuwu, I still have a bright future. If I die in this Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, there won't even be a corpse left!"
"Mother, your son is unfilial. I can't give you …"
Just as Red Maple was running and howling, Hua Tianming jumped onto a stone block, turned around, and grabbed Red Maple's chest. His right hand pulled out the sword on Red Maple's back and placed it across Red Maple's neck.
"If you howl again, I'll kill you!"
Hua Tianming was a man of few words. At the same time, he was not as patient as Luo Zheng. What's more, in the face of a dead end and a slowly rising tide of lava, it was impossible to say that there was no pressure.
However, Red Maple had a problem. Normally, he was very long-winded, but in the face of pressure and tension, he liked to howl like this. This was actually a way to relieve the pressure in his heart.
Just like how some people liked to pull their hair when they were nervous, and some people would constantly eat when they were nervous.
The problem was that Red Maple vented his pressure by howling, but in reality, he was transferring the pressure to Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng!
"Don't! I won't howl anymore! Okay! "Red Maple begged for mercy.
Actually, with Red Maple's strength, under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for him to capture Red Maple so easily. However, Hua Tianming caught him off guard and easily captured him.
Hua Tianming naturally wouldn't kill him. He only coldly snorted, threw him on the stone block, and continued forward.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Red Maple, shook his head, and followed. Red Maple continued to cry, but this time, he didn't dare to make a sound.

Chapter 369
Forty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
Twenty zhang …
The three of them stared intently at the stone blocks in front of them, hoping to find a way out of this hopeless situation.
In an unknown situation, the three of them were obviously nervous. If this was really an ordinary Broken Head Road, then they had no other choice but to die.
"Color, the color is different!" Luo Zheng was the first to notice the difference. He noticed that the stone blocks at the end of the Broken Head Road seemed to have rows of runes on them.
"Rush up!" Hua Tianming's eyes lit up. He gritted his teeth and rushed up. Although he didn't know what those runes represented, at least he saw a glimmer of hope because they had no way out.
The magma tide had already risen. It was only the height of one's foot from submerging the stone blocks …
There were a total of ten stone blocks at the end of the Broken Head Road. Each stone block had a circular rune on it. The moment Luo Zheng stepped on it, a rune lit up.
Luo Zheng passed by the ten stone blocks in an instant. Every stone block was lit up.
When Luo Zheng reached the end of Broken Head Road, a vortex suddenly appeared at the end of Broken Head Road!
The black and green whirlpool was very similar to the whirlpool under the arched door of the Trial Challengers' Road.
"There's a path!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up, and a smile appeared on his face. Clearly, he had made the right bet.
At the same time, Hua Tianming also followed. When he stepped on the last stone block, a whirlpool appeared in front of him.
Everyone had a whirlpool?
At this time, the third person rushed over. When Red Maple saw the whirlpool in front of him, he was like a person who had fallen into the water and grabbed onto a life-saving straw. His speed was faster than Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming. He even used a leap in the air that he was proud of and landed steadily on the last stone block.
"Huh?"
The third whirlpool didn't appear …
"What's going on?" Red Maple's face was deathly pale. The magma tide was rising higher and higher. Some of it had already reached the surface of the stone blocks. Why wasn't there a whirlpool belonging to him? "Whatever, I'm going in first!"
After Red Maple finished speaking, he dived into one of the whirlpools. However, just as he was halfway through, a strong repulsive force bounced him out.
"You didn't trigger this whirlpool, so you can't go in. Did you miss a stone block?" Luo Zheng asked in a deep voice. At this time, the magma was rising higher and higher.
"It, it seems to be …" Red Maple was extremely nervous. He was so excited when he saw the whirlpool that he didn't step on the fourth stone block. Instead, he stepped over it.
"Go over and stomp on him!" Luo Zheng ordered.
"But, but …" More than half of the fourth stone block had been submerged by the lava. As the lava surged, runes appeared and disappeared.
"Whether you die or not has nothing to do with us," Hua Tianming said coldly. "We should go in, Luo Zheng."
Seeing this, Red Maple gritted his teeth and flew up. He circled in the air for a while. His body technique was very strong, so he easily landed on the fourth stone block. He was like a big bird whose feet didn't touch the ground. After lighting up the runes on the stone block with the tip of his foot, he quickly retreated.
At this time, all the stone blocks had been submerged by the magma. Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had dived into the whirlpool. Red Maple had no place to land.
"I'll stomp!"
"I'll stomp!"
"I'll stomp!"
Fortunately, Red Maple had this strange body technique. If it were Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming here, they probably wouldn't be able to do what he did. He could borrow strength in the air and at the same time, use his cloak to maintain his altitude.
At this moment, he was like a constantly falling hen. He waved his wings in vain, but he still couldn't stop the momentum of his fall.
In the end, Red Maple rolled into the whirlpool in a parabola …
"Plop!"
The moment he passed through the whirlpool, Red Maple fell heavily to the ground. He then rolled over and hugged his right foot tightly, constantly groaning.
The magma had already spread to the top of the stone block. How high was the temperature of the magma? Even though Baili Hongfeng had only touched the ground with the tip of his foot, some of the lava still stuck to his foot in that instant.
Not everyone had a body as abnormal as Luo Zheng's! How painful was it to be burned by the magma?
"Pa …"
Hua Tianming threw a small bottle over. "An Ice Congealing Pill for treating burns!"
Red Maple showed a grateful expression and hurriedly swallowed the pill.
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming sized up their surroundings.
After all, they had chosen the Path of Death. The test just now couldn't be considered a test at all. As long as they had a firm will, they could grit their teeth and walk to the end. Since it was called the Path of Death, then the real test was behind.
After passing through the whirlpool, the three of them seemed to have entered an independent space. The light in this space was dim, and the sky was gray. Only a few glimmers of light seeped through, giving people a feeling of oppression, cramped, and darkness.
The dark forest in the distance was even more frightening. Only God knew what kind of mysterious and powerful existence was lurking there.
"Let's go!" Luo Zheng ordered. Hua Tianming followed closely behind. Red Maple hurriedly stood up and limped behind. Although martial artists had strong recovery abilities and Hua Tianming's Ice Congealing Pill to treat burns, it still took some time.
Now, Red Maple regretted not obtaining the second blue treasure chest. If he had chosen to risk his life to obtain the blue treasure chest at that time and absorbed the Nine-Headed Dragon's Blood Soul, this small injury would have been healed in an instant.
In the dark forest, it was impossible to discern the path ahead by relying on the glimmers of light. They could only rely on their intuition to move forward.
Red Maple also shut his chattering mouth. After all, he wasn't a fool. Otherwise, how could he possess such strength? If he dared to shout in this kind of place, he was afraid that he wouldn't die quickly enough.
After walking for a short while in this quiet and gloomy forest, everyone heard a slight sound of something breaking through the air and shooting towards them.
"Xiu!"
The sound was very soft, but it was still heard by Luo Zheng.
"Careful!" Red Maple warned.
Luo Zheng's reaction was also very fast. He stretched out his hand and pulled Hua Tianming back. Then, he saw a small black shadow pass by Hua Tianming's side and cut into Hua Tianming's arm.
The clothes on Hua Tianming's arm were torn, and a small wound appeared on his arm.
"What is that?" Hua Tianming vigilantly looked around with the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand.
That small black shadow wasn't a dart or concealed weapon because they all saw the black shadow change direction after cutting Hua Tianming. It once again disappeared into the dark forest. It should be some kind of creature.
Red Maple sniffed and suddenly said, "I saw it. It's a very small bat! Its wings are very thin and sharp, like the wings of a knife. Hua Tianming was cut by this kind of Bladewing Bat. "
"How can you see it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Red Maple laughed and said, "I have an innate gift. As long as there's a trace of light, I can see everything clearly without any obstruction. Although it's dark here, to me, it's not much different from a normal environment!"
Innate night vision …
Luo Zheng discovered that Red Maple's eyes flickered with an azure light. These eyes were similar to a cat's eyes and could clearly see things in the surroundings under extremely low light.
"Everyone, be careful. There are many of these Bladewing Bats …"
As soon as Red Maple's voice fell, they heard "Xiu Xiu Xiu Xiu Xiu …" Countless sounds pierced through the air.
Small black shadows flew toward the three people under the cover of the night. These Bladewing Bats' wings were very sharp. As long as one was cut by their wings, a long and thin wound would appear.
But at this moment, rings of protective sword intent appeared around Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming at the same time. These sword intent cyclones tightly wrapped around them.
Every Bladewing Bat that collided with them was instantly cut to pieces by the perfect sword intent.
Although these Bladewing Bats were sharp and difficult to guard against in large numbers, they were incomparably fragile. Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming's protective sword intent just happened to restrain these Bladewing Bats. No matter how many came, they would all die.
"Hey …"
This time, it was Red Maple's turn to be depressed. He didn't have a valiant sword intent like Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming. In desperation, Red Maple could only wrap his cloak around his body and completely shield his aura in an instant.
These bats didn't have eyes. They used a special method to sense the presence of humans. Red Maple's divine artifact cloak could completely shield his aura.
The three people used their own methods and continued to move forward in the pitch-black forest. Although they had a way to deal with it, they didn't let down their guard. After all, this "Path of Death" was so famous that it couldn't only be this dangerous.
As they walked forward, another whirlpool appeared not far away.
"Another teleportation?" Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly.
"I don't know where we'll be teleported to …" Hua Tianming had a bad premonition. They seemed to be going deeper and deeper into a path of death.
Humans' greatest fear wasn't ghosts, but the unknown.
If people found ghosts and recognized their true colors, they wouldn't be so afraid.
Before entering the Trial Taker's Path, everyone knew that there would be a path leading to the end. Although this path was difficult, it was still a clear path.
Now that they had entered the "Path of Death", they didn't know where this path led.
Without a good choice, the three people once again passed through the whirlpool. As soon as they passed through, they heard a violent explosion, followed by raging flames rising into the sky.
"It's Hellfire!" Luo Zheng recognized at a glance that the flames were Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Hellfire.
Who was he fighting with? Who could force him to use this move? Once Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha was activated, it would take a few days before he could use it again. Unless it was a moment of life and death, he wouldn't use it! Obviously, Pei Tianyao was in a desperate situation.
"Who is Pei Tianyao fighting with?" Hua Tianming looked in that direction and asked.
"I don't know. Let's go there quickly!" Luo Zheng took the lead and rushed forward.
Although they were competitors in the Blue Cloud Sect, compared to the Cloud Hall, the three of them came from the same branch. They must help each other at critical times.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 370
The flames from hell instantly rose, illuminating half of the sky.
Luo Zheng and the other two continued to rush in the direction of the Hellfire. Along the way, the trees that blocked their way were directly cut into pieces. Even the trunks of some thousand-year-old ancient trees were instantly cut into pieces by Perfect Sword Intent.
The corners of Baili Hongfeng's mouth twitched when she saw Luo Zheng's way of moving forward. She thought, "These two guys are too abnormal. They both have perfect sword intent. Are they really from a second-grade sect?"
Although Red Maple was talkative, he was still quite confident in his strength. However, along the way, he felt that he had no advantage in front of Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming.
Fortunately, Red Maple also had his own pride. "If I use my full strength, maybe I can still fight with them..." He secretly thought.
After rushing out of the woods, the scene in front of them deeply shocked Luo Zheng and the other two.
Outside the woods, there was a huge pit with a radius of a hundred feet. These pits seemed to be caused by a fierce battle. In the center of the pit, the Hellfire of Green Lotus was burning. Pei Tianyao's whole body was shrouded in a golden light. He was actually fighting with a Vicious Beast!
The Vicious Beast had a pair of wings on its back. It stood upright on its feet, had a sharp horn on its head, and had a bear face. Its whole body was bathed in shining silver light.
Everyone knew the power of Pei Tianyao's Hellfire. Even Luo Zheng could only fight with Pei Tianyao in the Hellfire by relying on his special spiritual tool body. Moreover, Luo Zheng was not resisting the power of the Hellfire of Green Lotus. He was just immune to fire.
However, this Vicious Beast could resist the burning of Pei Tianyao's Hellfire and fight with Pei Tianyao in the Hellfire!
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
The Vicious Beast stepped forward and stretched out its strong arms to fight with Pei Tianyao, who was using the Invincible Vajra Body.
In just three moves, Pei Tianyao was swept out of the Hellfire and fell heavily to the ground, sinking three feet deep into the soil!
"What a terrifying power!" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank. This power was probably even more powerful than his dragon scales!
After repelling Pei Tianyao, the beast spread its wings and rushed towards Pei Tianyao. Obviously, it wanted to kill Pei Tianyao.
At this moment, a white figure rushed out from the edge of the crater. It was actually a Cloud Hall disciple! The Cloud Hall disciple held a 9.9 inch long spear in his hand. With a shake of his hand, the spear was like a poisonous dragon that drilled into the beast.
"Sun-Piercing Rainbow!"
The white spear released a sharp spear intent, as if it could pierce through everything in the world.
Even when Luo Zheng saw this spear, he also felt a sense of apprehension.
"This person … is so strong!"
After entering the Road of Trials, Luo Zheng discovered for the first time that there was such a powerful opponent in the Cloud Hall!
In the hidden trial's canyon, Luo Zheng encountered the Cloud Hall disciple who presided over the large array, Zhao Xiaohua of the Cloud Hall.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know that the disciple was Zhao Xiaohua, he could feel that he was strong. However, Luo Zheng guessed that his strength should be on par with the Red Maple. Maybe he was slightly stronger than the Red Maple.
Zhao Xiaohua's strength was not enough for Luo Zheng to give Luo Zheng so much pressure.
However, the person in front of him was different. His spear could make Luo Zheng feel a great threat. Luo Zheng estimated that his high-grade spirit tool body would be like paper in front of this spear. This person's strength was far beyond that of an ordinary Cloud Hall disciple!
"That spear intent should be perfect spear intent!" Hua Tianming evaluated.
Sabers had saber intent, swords had sword intent, and spears also had spear intent!
The concept attached to this kind of weapon was originally a process of fusion between a person and their weapon. In the process, they comprehended each other and used it freely.
"He is Zhuo Bufan of the Cloud Hall. It's normal for him to have this strength," the Red Maple said, curling his lips.
"Zhuo Bufan," Luo Zheng whispered this person's name. Pursuing the heart of martial arts and walking on the road of martial arts was originally a process of constantly moving forward.
If it was an opponent that he could surpass, then he would do so. If it was an opponent that he couldn't surpass, then he would lower his head and desperately chase after and follow.
Just like how Hua Tianming couldn't surpass Luo Zheng, he chose to chase after Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng achieved greater achievements in the future, then Hua Tianming's achievements wouldn't be small either. Although this was a helpless choice for Hua Tianming, it was also a smart choice.
This was because the world had never been fair. No matter how strong or perfect you were, there would always be someone walking in front of you, stronger and more perfect than you!
Regardless of whether he chose to surpass or follow, Luo Zheng had to challenge Zhuo Bufan!
Now was definitely not the time. Everyone was on the road of death. Facing all kinds of unknown creatures here, there was only one choice, and that was to work together to get through the difficulties.
"Puff!"
The fierce beast that even the Green Lotus Hellfire couldn't burn through was actually pierced by this spear! The fierce beast's arm was pierced through by the white spear.
A fierce look appeared on the fierce beast's face. Suddenly, it howled. The howl was so ear-piercing that it shook everyone's scalp and made their scalps tingle.
Then, the fierce beast pounced on Zhuo Bufan!
This fierce beast was ten feet tall. Not only was it huge, but its movements were also very agile. It waved the fleshy wings on its back and constantly pounced on Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan's expression was calm and his eyes were calm. His spear was constantly extending and retracting. Every time the fierce beast pounced on him, Zhuo Bufan's spear would point out once.
"Piercing Space Stab!"
"Reincarnation Stab!"
"Whirling Killing Stab!"
Every time he thrust out his spear, he would always be able to stab the fierce beast's palms. Under the continuous stabs of his spear, the fierce beast's palms were already bleeding.
"Bufan, come on!"
There were still a few people next to Zhuo Bufan, and the one who was talking was a woman.
Luo Zheng and the others hadn't seen a Cloud Hall disciple and a woman before. This woman must be from the Caiyun Sect.
"This is Jin Qiaoning from the Caiyun Sect. It is said that she is engaged to Zhuo Bufan. She should be his fiancée," Red Maple next to Luo Zheng said without missing the opportunity.
"This guy …" Luo Zheng shook his head and smiled slightly. This Red Maple was not only long-winded and liked to nag, but he was also very well-informed.
Jin Qiaoning was slender and had a charming face, like a fairy. She and Zhuo Bufan were a perfect match. They could really be called a golden couple.
"Let's go over. It seems that Zhuo Bufan should be able to deal with that fierce beast." After that, Luo Zheng and the others went over to meet up.
Jin Qiaoning and the others also noticed Luo Zheng, and their faces showed surprise. Obviously, they didn't expect that other than them, there would be someone else who dared to enter the Path of Death.
Originally, after observing the situation, Luo Zheng thought that Zhuo Bufan could deal with this fierce beast alone. However, before the three of them had even walked halfway, a sudden change occurred.
After attacking Zhuo Bufan for a long time, the fierce beast suddenly roared again and flapped its wings to retreat for a distance. The silver light on the fierce beast's body gradually dimmed, and then golden scales appeared, covering the fierce beast's body layer by layer.
"Be careful, after the Flying Yaksha's transformation, its strength will increase greatly!" A Cloud Hall disciple behind Jin Qiaoning suddenly shouted.
Jin Qiaoning turned her head and looked at the Cloud Hall disciple in surprise. Even Zhuo Bufan showed a strange expression when he heard this.
Luo Zheng and the others didn't know because they came later. They only thought that this Cloud Hall disciple was experienced and knowledgeable. However, only Zhuo Bufan was the most puzzled.
Zhuo Bufan's group entered the Path of Death together. There were a total of five people: Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, Pei Tianyao, and Zhou Cheng of the Mist Cloud Sect. In addition, there was also a Cloud Hall disciple.
This time, there were many disciples of Cloud Palace who had entered the Road of Trial Testers. It was several times more than the number of disciples of other sects. However, although there were many people, Zhuo Bufan could remember the names of almost every disciple of Cloud Palace with his superb memory.
However, he didn't know this Cloud Hall disciple.
This was a very strange thing. This disciple of the Cloud Palace should not have existed, but he had met him on the road of the Trial Testers.
What was even stranger was that after choosing the Path of Death, this Cloud Hall disciple seemed to know the Path of Death very well. When everyone saw that the Path of Death in the Sea of Flames was a dead end, this Cloud Hall disciple asked everyone to persevere to the end. There would be an exit when they reached the last step.
Sure enough, as the Cloud Hall disciple said, when everyone reached the last stone block of the Path of Death, a whirlpool appeared.
Even after entering the whirlpool, this Cloud Hall disciple was familiar with the Path of Death and helped them avoid many dangerous places. However, not long ago, the five of them accidentally broke into the nest of this Flying Yaksha and were chased by this Flying Yaksha all the way until now!
Moreover, they didn't know that this beast was called the Flying Yaksha before! This was also the name that the Cloud Hall disciple shouted.
Who was this Cloud Hall disciple? Why did he follow them into the Path of Death? What was he up to? These mysteries had been puzzling Zhuo Bufan.
Luo Zheng didn't know that Zhuo Bufan and Jin Qiaoning were thinking so much. But when he saw the Flying Yaksha in mid-air, his face became serious.
This Flying Yaksha had such strength before its transformation. After its transformation, its strength had increased greatly. Who could suppress it?
"Brother Tianming, let's go together!" Luo Zheng took out his Bloodthirsty Sword.
Hua Tianming also took out the Bloodthirsty Sword on his back and stared at the Golden Flying Yaksha in mid-air with knife-like eyes.
"You don't need to do anything. You'll get in the way!" Zhuo Bufan waved the long spear in his hand. Obviously, Zhuo Bufan didn't think that the appearance of Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Red Maple would help him. In his opinion, these three people followed the Path of Death to drag him down!
One of them was at the third stage of the Xiantian Realm, one was at the peak of the Xiantian Realm, and one was at the first stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. These three reckless guys dared to enter the Path of Death. They were all burdens.
In Zhuo Bufan's eyes, only Jin Qiaoning and Pei Tianyao were qualified to fight side by side with him. As for Zhou Cheng of the Mist Cloud Sect, if it weren't for his protection, he would have died hundreds of times.
Zhuo Bufan was very confident and arrogant. He had absolute strength and didn't mind protecting others!
If anyone wanted to intervene in Zhuo Bufan's battle and help him, they must first ask themselves if they had the strength and qualifications to do so.

Chapter 371
Hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly.
Hua Tianming, on the other hand, was furious. "This guy is too arrogant!"
"Bufan said you're in the way, so you're in the way. If you want to live on the Path of Death, you have to listen to him!" Jin Qiaoning warned coldly when she heard Hua Tianming's words.
Hua Tianming pursed his lips and wanted to fight back, but was stopped by Luo Zheng. "Forget it, Brother Tianming. Since he has this confidence, we're happy to relax."
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were both Xiantian lifeforms. If they didn't fight, their strength was indeed ordinary. They were even inferior to the ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall.
However, it was often not a bad thing to be looked down upon, especially in a dangerous place like the "Road of Death". Since Zhuo Bufan was willing to take the lead and block the golden Flying Yaksha alone, they would be free. Wasn't that a good thing?
Red Maple didn't say anything. Although he was strong, he didn't have much courage. Otherwise, he wouldn't have given up the treasure chest on the second floor so easily.
"Let's go and see Pei Tianyao. He was just hit three times by the Flying Yaksha. Even if he has an indestructible body, I'm afraid it's enough for him to suffer." After saying that, Luo Zheng went around the edge of the big pit.
When Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming went over, Pei Tianyao had already climbed up from the pit. The golden light on his body was slowly fading. Although he didn't seem to be seriously injured, he looked very embarrassed. His body was covered with mud, and his aura was somewhat weak.
"Brother Tianyao, are you okay?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Luo Zheng! Hua Tianming! You're here too! " Seeing the two of them, Pei Tianyao's face suddenly showed a touch of joy. He was different from Zhuo Bufan. Pei Tianyao certainly knew the strength of Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was stronger than him, which was a fact that was confirmed in the arena. Even Hua Tianming was only slightly weaker than him.
The Path of Death was filled with killing intent. With the addition of these two people, it would definitely be a great help!
Pei Tianyao's injury was not serious, but the problem was that he used his Acala ability to deal with the flying yaksha. He was afraid that he would not be able to use it again for the next few days. Without this ability, Pei Tianyao's combat effectiveness would be greatly reduced.
While they were talking, Zhuo Bufan was already fighting with the Golden Flying Yaksha!
Although the Flying Yaksha was incomparably powerful, and the body of a fierce beast of this level was so strong that it made one's hair stand on end, Zhuo Bufan's spear was also extraordinarily sharp!
As the saying goes, "Horizontal Saber and Vertical Sword Thrusting Spear", the saber was generally used for slashing, so the saber's momentum was extremely domineering. The sword, on the other hand, had the ability to slash and stab. However, the spear's attacking method was relatively simple, focusing on piercing.
It was precisely because he was more focused that the piercing force of the spear was the strongest.
Zhuo Bufan, who had fused with the perfect spear intent, thrust out his spear. It was as if he could directly penetrate the space. Anything in this space, no matter what it was, had only one end, and that was to be pierced by his spear.
However, after the Flying Yaksha transformed, the layer of golden scales covering his body was extremely strong!
Previously, Zhuo Bufan was still able to break through the Flying Yaksha's defense, but now, when the tip of Zhuo Bufan's white spear touched the Flying Yaksha's body, it was blocked by its golden scales. It could only leave a small mark on the surface of the golden scales.
"Ow!"
This time, the Flying Yaksha, relying on its strong body, had no scruples and continued to pounce on Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan kept retreating, relying on his dexterous body movement to avoid the Flying Yaksha's attacks.
"You really don't need … help?" Hua Tianming saw that Zhuo Bufan was retreating step by step, and there was a trace of worry on his face. Although Zhuo Bufan was annoying, he was indeed powerful. If everyone wanted to get out of the "Road of Death", they had to work together. They couldn't just watch him be killed by the Flying Yaksha.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "His fiancée, Jin Qiaoning, didn't make a move. It means that Zhuo Bufan still has his strength. Otherwise, Jin Qiaoning would have been anxious by now."
Not far away, Jin Qiaoning just stood there with her hands behind her back, watching Zhuo Bufan. She seemed to be very confident in Zhuo Bufan.
Luo Zheng's guess was right. Jin Qiaoning did believe that Zhuo Bufan could defeat the Flying Yaksha. She absolutely believed in Zhuo Bufan's strength.
After Zhuo Bufan was forced to retreat more than thirty meters by the Flying Yaksha, he was a little embarrassed, but his handsome face still maintained a calm smile.
If he retreated further, he would be in a blind spot, which was a huge rock more than twenty meters high. Zhuo Bufan sneered and took the initiative to retreat to the huge rock. He kicked on the huge rock, and the power of this kick left a deep dent in the huge rock.
With the help of this kick, Zhuo Bufan's body kept a straight line with the long spear and began to rotate.
As Zhuo Bufan rotated, a vortex appeared on the tip of his white spear. This vortex continuously absorbed the Spear Intent, forming a highly condensed Spear Aura!
This Spear Aura was not condensed by Genuine Essence, but by Perfected Spear Intent. Its power could be imagined!
"It turns out that the Spear Intent can be used in this way …" Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming looked at each other and suddenly felt enlightened.
Although Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had comprehended Perfected Sword Intent, they had never tried to condense the Sword Intent to a high degree. In the end, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were still limited by the conditions.
For so many years in the Blue Cloud Sect, only Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had comprehended Perfected Sword Intent. Who could guide them?
Zhuo Bufan was different. The Central Domain was so big, and there were many famous teachers in the Cloud Hall. This kind of skill was difficult to think of, but once one comprehended Perfected Spear Intent, he could learn it with a little guidance and practice.
Therefore, the disciples of the Cloud Hall had a great advantage in this regard.
"Spinning Spear Demon God Twist!"
The moment Zhuo Bufan rotated, his whole body merged with the long spear, as if he had become a part of the white spear.
The Flying Yaksha also felt the power of this spear, but Zhuo Bufan's attack was too sudden. At this time, it could only cross its arms and block its chest, still trying to resist this spear with its body.
"Sizzle …"
The Perfected Spear Intent in front of the tip of the white spear kept rotating, and the golden scales on the Flying Yaksha's arms were crushed at a visible speed. Then, Zhuo Bufan pushed the white spear all the way forward.
The white spear pierced through the Flying Yaksha's arms and strung them together. Its momentum was not reduced. It continued to move forward and pierced through the Flying Yaksha's chest. It went in from the front and came out from the back!
Such a powerful flying yaksha was skewered by Zhuo Bufan like a prawn!
"Ow, ow, ow, ow!"
The Flying Yaksha kept howling. Its vitality was very strong. Even if its internal organs were crushed, it would not die so easily. However, its hands were nailed together by the spear, so it could not attack at this moment. Just as it was about to pull its body out of the white spear, Zhuo Bufan raised the spear shaft and lifted the Flying Yaksha into the air.
Zhuo Bufan stabbed the spear shaft into the ground. The Flying Yaksha, nailed to the tip of the spear, was like a flag. It kept struggling, and the wings on its back kept flapping, but it was in vain. After a while, the Flying Yaksha's struggle became weaker and weaker, and it gradually lost its strength. Its head drooped, and it died on the tip of Zhuo Bufan's spear …
"Bufan! You did it! " Jin Qiaoning walked over quickly. Obviously, she felt that Zhuo Bufan could kill the Flying Yaksha.
Zhou Cheng, who was next to her, also followed Jin Qiaoning and congratulated him repeatedly. "Brother Bufan's attack is really sharp. Such a fierce beast died under your spear! I'm truly in awe of such methods! "
The disciple of the Cloud Hall, who had just reminded Zhuo Bufan, frowned and said coldly, "This Flying Yaksha is not a particularly powerful fierce beast in the Path of Death. It's nothing to kill it. The real test is yet to come."
Hearing this, Jin Qiaoning was unhappy. She said coldly, "Brother Bufan risked his life to kill this Flying Yaksha, which is equivalent to saving your life. It's fine if you don't thank him, but what do you mean by saying such words?"
The disciple of the Cloud Hall was silent for a while before he said, "I'm telling the truth."
At this time, Luo Zheng and the others also came over. Pei Tianyao introduced them, "Brother Bufan, these are the disciples of our Blue Cloud Sect. We have their help in the Path of Death …"
Without waiting for Pei Tianyao to finish, Zhuo Bufan nodded and said, "I see. Follow me and don't move. I will protect them!"
Hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Pei Tianyao frowned slightly. Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng, and the others' expressions were not very good. Although this guy was not a bad person and his strength was strong, he was too proud. It was annoying.
Hua Tianming was about to speak again, but Luo Zheng smiled and stopped Hua Tianming again. The Path of Death was full of dangers. Luo Zheng wanted to see how long Zhuo Bufan could hold on. Luo Zheng and the others would always have a chance to prove their strength.
Zhuo Bufan didn't pay attention to Hua Tianming and the others' expressions. He shook his spear and threw the Yaksha's corpse to the ground. Then, he thrust his spear at the Yaksha's chest. After the Yaksha's chest was cut open, a Yao Core fell out of it.
The Monster Core of this Fierce Beast was very valuable, so Zhuo Bufan naturally had to keep it. After dealing with the body of the Flying Yaksha, Zhuo Bufan continued to set off, followed by Jin Qiaoning and Zhou Cheng.
According to Hua Tianming's arrogance, he originally wanted to part ways with Zhuo Bufan. Zhuo Bufan was not the only one who could break through the Path of Death. However, since Luo Zheng said to endure it, he could only follow and see the situation first.
As for the Red Maple, they did not have a strong purpose and did not have many ideas.
After everyone set off, the disciple of the Cloud Hall, who was standing in place, suddenly raised his head and smiled strangely in a certain direction. He stretched out his finger and shook his head. Then, he reached out and squeezed in the air as if he had crushed something. He clapped his hands and followed.
Because of this disciple of the Cloud Hall, the image on the letter tablet in front of the entrance of the Trial Takers suddenly disappeared!

Chapter 372
Because there was only one Xin Gui outside the Trial Taker's Road, the image of the Xin Gui was constantly switching between different people.
Among them, the image of the Xin Gui was fixed on two people for the longest time. One was Luo Zheng, and the other was Zhuo Bufan.
But not long ago, after Zhuo Bufan and the others entered the Road of Death, the Xin Gui was unable to track them. For this reason, Granny Long, the Sect Master of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, was very nervous.
As the Sect Master of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, how could she not know how dangerous the "Road of Death" was? For so many years, none of the warriors who entered had come out alive.
"This Zhuo Bufan! He wants to bring Qiao Ning into the fire pit! "Granny Long kept shouting.
If the Xin Gui could see their image, Granny Long's mood would be better. But now that the Xin Gui could not track them and could not even see the image, Granny Long was inevitably worried about Jin Qiaoning's safety.
But then, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Red Maple also entered the Road of Death. This time, the Xin Gui did not lose their image!
So through Luo Zheng and the others, Fei Han and the other Sect Masters naturally saw the whereabouts of Luo Zheng and the others.
When Luo Zheng met Zhuo Bufan and the others, Granny Long's hanging heart finally settled down. Zhuo Bufan and Jin Qiaoning were safe and sound.
After seeing Zhuo Bufan display his power and kill the Flying Yaksha, Granny Long's mood suddenly improved and she began to endlessly praise Zhuo Bufan's strength.
However, at the last moment, the disciple of the Cloud Hall suddenly looked at the image of the Xin Gui and revealed a strange smile. This scene stunned the Sect Masters and Fei Han.
How could this disciple of the Cloud Hall discover where the Xin Gui was looking?
After the disciple of the Cloud Hall gently squeezed his hand, the image on the Xin Gui disappeared. This guy could actually destroy the image of the Xin Gui?
How on earth did he do it?
The several Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han looked at each other in dismay, their faces filled with endless doubts.
"I've never seen this Cloud Hall disciple before!" Fei Han's expression changed.
This time, the Path of the Trialists was led by Fei Han. He had called out all the Cloud Hall disciples who were participating in the Path of the Trialists. With his memory, it was easy for him to remember everything he saw. However, Fei Han did not recognize this disciple!
"How could this be? Who was he? Are they disciples of other sects? "Granny Long asked with concern.
"Impossible! Someone who has just entered the Divine Reflection Realm can't fool me!" Fei Han shook his head, clearly disagreeing with this point of view. There was a rigid condition for entering the Path of Trials: one's strength could not exceed the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm. If one exceeded this level, they would be rejected by the shattered world.
"If he is a disciple of the Cloud Hall, why don't you recognize him, Elder Fei Han? Isn't this too strange?" Shi Jingtian also realized that this matter was very strange.
The Blue Cloud Sect, the Drifting Cloud Sect, and the other Sect Masters had brought a limited number of disciples. The most they had brought was nine people, and the least, the Blue Cloud Sect, had only brought three people. People from other sects were unable to sneak into the Teleportation Array, especially in front of the Sect Masters.
It was even more impossible to sneak into the Cloud Hall disciples. The Teleportation Array of the Cloud Hall was located at the Cloud Hall's headquarters. If anyone below the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm was allowed to sneak into the Teleportation Array, they would be looking down on the Cloud Hall too much.
The only possibility was that this disciple was from the Cloud Hall. Could it be that an ordinary disciple of the Cloud Hall who did not have the qualifications to enter the Path of the Trialists secretly followed the Teleportation Array and sneaked into the Path of the Trialists?
This was the only explanation that would work.
The problem was that this Cloud Hall disciple actually had such a method. With a casual pinch, he was able to cut off the tracking image of the letter tablet. It seemed that the reason why Fei Han was unable to track down Zhuo Bufan was also because of this Cloud Hall disciple's trick.
Even Fei Han and Shi Jingtian would not be able to do this, right?
Moreover …
What was his purpose in cutting off the image of the letter tablet?
Fei Han gritted his teeth. After thinking about it for a long time, he still could not think of an answer to this question. He could only switch the image of the letter tablet to the other disciples. Now, most of the disciples were still discussing how to get through the broken 'Path of Life'.
"Elder Fei Han, don't you want to think of a way?" Granny Long said unyieldingly. "That Cloud Hall disciple is obviously up to no good. How can we just sit back and do nothing? Zhuo Bufan is the son of Mister Zhuo. Elder Fei Han, if something happens to Zhuo Bufan in the Trial Taker's Path, I'll see how you explain it to him! "
Although Granny Long was worried about Zhuo Bufan's life and death, she was most concerned about her disciple Jin Qiaoning. However, she could not use Jin Qiaoning to pressure Fei Han, so she could only bring up Zhuo Bufan.
After being questioned by Granny Long like this, Fei Han was also angry. After all, he was just an elder leading the team. What did this kind of thing have to do with him? Fei Han sneered and said, "Explain? What do you want me to explain to Mister Zhuo? Tell him that his son is incapable and can't pass the Trial Taker's Path? "
"You …" Granny Long was choked by Elder Fei Han's words. After all, her identity could not be compared with Fei Han. Fei Han's strength and status may be slightly weaker than Mister Zhuo, but the difference was not much, not to mention that she was indeed a bit unreasonable. She just hoped that Fei Han could come up with a solution.
But the Trial Taker's Path only required disciples below the Xiantian third stage to pass. This group of elders could do nothing but watch from the outside. Moreover, Xin Gui could no longer track Zhuo Bufan and the others. Now, they couldn't even watch from the outside.
Zhuo Bufan and the others naturally didn't know that a group of elders were arguing about them outside.
Under the leadership of Zhuo Bufan, the eight people were carefully moving forward. In the process of moving forward, Pei Tianyao told Luo Zheng what had happened before.
It turned out that this Road of Death was connected by vortexes, and each vortex was a micro world. Sometimes, they would encounter two or even three vortexes, and each vortex had a different route. This Road of Death was a complicated maze.
Just now, they had inadvertently broken into the nest of the flying yaksha and were chased by it. Originally, there were three flying yakshas, but two of them were relatively small and were killed by Pei Tianyao. The remaining one was too powerful, and if they fought with it head-on, they were afraid that it would attract other unknown fierce beasts in this micro world. So, they could only keep retreating and lead the flying yaksha to a safe place. Finally, Zhuo Bufan killed it.
"Just now, the disciple of the Cloud Hall said that the flying yaksha was not the most powerful demon beast in this Road of Death. I'm afraid it will be a bit troublesome." Pei Tianyao shook his head. This Road of Death was more difficult than they had imagined.
The problem was that they were constantly shuttling back and forth from one small world to another. They didn't know when they would reach the end. It was very likely that they would accidentally enter the lair of a powerful ferocious beast and end up completely wiped out.
"Who is that disciple of the Cloud Hall? Why does he seem to be very familiar with this Road of Death? "Luo Zheng asked.
Pei Tianyao still shook his head. "I don't know. Zhuo Bufan has asked him several times, but the disciple of the Cloud Hall refused to say anything."
While talking, Luo Zheng glanced at the disciple of the Cloud Hall. The disciple of the Cloud Hall was not tall and had an ordinary appearance. For some reason, Luo Zheng felt a little awkward when he walked, but Luo Zheng couldn't tell why.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the disciple of the Cloud Hall felt Luo Zheng's gaze and turned back to look at Luo Zheng. The disciple of the Cloud Hall looked very calm and deep.
"What a keen perception!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. The light in this micro world was dim, and the disciple of the Cloud Hall could detect him with a casual glance. Even Luo Zheng, who had a strong Soul Power, couldn't sense him.
At this moment, Jin Qiaoning, who was in front of them, said softly, "It's the transmission door again. Our route this time is different from the last time!"
"I don't know what's behind this transmission door." Zhou Dan of the Mist Cloud Sect showed a look of fear.
Being chased by the flying Yakshas, Zhou Cheng had almost died several times. Fortunately, Pei Tianyao and Zhuo Bufan had saved him, so he had survived. This Road of Death was still too dangerous for him.
However, this didn't mean that Zhou Cheng hadn't gained anything. The reason why he had provoked the three flying Yakshas just now was that he had found a "Cold Yin Grass". This kind of extremely cold herb was very precious in the Central Domain! A Cold Yin Grass could be sold for five top-grade Zhenyuan Stones!
If converted to the square crystals in the Eastern Domain, it would be five million square crystals. For Zhou Cheng, it was definitely a huge fortune.
It was precisely because he had collected the Cold Yin Grass that he had alarmed the flying Yakshas. However, not only did he survive, but Zhuo Bufan and the others also didn't know that he had picked the Cold Yin Grass. For Zhou Cheng, it was definitely a profit. It was equivalent to someone like Zhuo Bufan working for him for free! Therefore, Zhou Cheng still had a little pride in his heart!
"Let's go in. We have no way out." Zhuo Bufan nodded and took the lead to step into the vortex.
After Zhuo Bufan entered, the others also entered in a line.
"It's so cold …"
After Luo Zheng walked out of the vortex, he felt gusts of cold wind blowing against his face.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
These small worlds were not big, so it was difficult to generate wind. However, gusts of cold wind were blowing in this micro world.
Red Maple, who had just walked out of the vortex, trembled and said with a bitter face, "I think we'd better choose another way. This place is too scary!"
"No one will stop you if you want to go," Zhuo Bufan said lightly.
Red Maple suddenly stopped. Naturally, he did not dare to walk alone. The chance of him walking out of this Path of Death was too slim.
"There are gusts of cold wind here. I think there might be some evil things here," Pei Tianyao said with a serious face.
"If it's a blessing, it's not a curse. If it's a curse, we can't avoid it. Let's continue." Zhuo Bufan took a step forward.
From a certain point of view, Zhuo Bufan was indeed very leader. In fact, he also felt afraid in this environment. However, Zhuo Bufan knew that he could not show the slightest fear. Otherwise, it would be a blow to these people who followed him.
Just as everyone was moving forward, Zhou Cheng's eyes glanced around. Suddenly, a little light flashed in his eyes.
Not far from him, there was a black grass fluttering in the wind.
The grass bloomed with a dim light, but because it was black all over, it was difficult to find it hidden in the corner.
Because Zhou Cheng had the sweet taste of the "Cold Yin Grass" from before, he paid special attention to it. He didn't expect to find another precious herb.
Although Zhou Cheng did not know what this herb was, things on the Path of Death were very precious. This herb could definitely be sold for a good price.
While the others were not paying attention, Zhou Cheng tiptoed over. He was full of joy. He was so lucky! Zhuo Bufan had worked so hard for such a long time, and he only got a Demon Core of a Flying Yaksha. But he had quietly collected two exotic herbs! If he could walk out of the Path of Death, he would be the biggest winner!
Just as Zhou Cheng reached out his hand towards the black stalk of grass, a sudden change occurred!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 373
"Be careful!"
Luo Zheng was the first to notice something strange.
He felt that something was wrong behind him. When he turned around, he saw Zhou Cheng squatting down to pick a herb. However, behind Zhou Cheng, there was a black thing that turned into a large hand and wrapped around Zhou Cheng.
Luo Zheng shouted, and everyone suddenly turned around. When Zhou Cheng turned his head, he was scared out of his wits.
Zhou Cheng jumped up almost immediately, but it was obviously too late. The big hand squeezed down and wrapped him in it.
Everyone saw the black mass wrap around Zhou Cheng, and Zhou Cheng kept struggling. It was like a person covered in black cloth. No matter how Zhou Cheng struggled, he couldn't get rid of the black mass.
After struggling for a few breaths, Zhou Cheng's struggle became weaker and weaker. The black thing that was wrapped around Zhou Cheng slowly shrank. Then, white bones fell out of the black thing one by one.
"Zhou, Zhou Cheng was eaten by that thing. Only bones are left?" Red Maple's teeth chattered, and his eyes were filled with extreme fear.
He didn't know what this black mass was, but it instantly swallowed up Zhou Cheng's flesh and blood, leaving only bones …
"That's the Black Devil Nightmare! Everyone … watch your feet! "The disciple of the Cloud Hall suddenly shouted.
At this time, no one cared what this thing was called. Should it be called the Black Devil Nightmare or the White Devil Nightmare? Their own lives were more important. Hearing the shout of the disciple of the Cloud Hall, everyone found that there seemed to be a lot of the black mass quietly flowing under their feet. They were approaching!
"Everyone, run!" Zhuo Bufan's expression was unprecedentedly solemn.
This formless Black Devil Nightmare was much more terrifying than the Flying Yaksha. Although the Flying Yaksha was a Vicious Beast, Vicious Beasts could be killed. But what was this Black Devil Nightmare? It was a mass of sticky substance. He didn't even know if this thing was alive or dead. How could his spear fight against it?
"Ah!" Jin Qiaoning let out a scream, but one of her legs was grabbed by a section of the Black Devil Nightmare.
Zhuo Bufan clenched his teeth and pulled out his white spear from his spatial ring. With a shake of the spear, he pierced through the Black Demon Nightmare that was stuck to Jin Qiaoning. Then, he grabbed Jin Qiaoning and rushed forward.
The ground was filled with this black substance, and there was no place to stand. If he paused for even a moment, he would be caught by the Black Devil Nightmare.
The Black Devil Nightmares were almost everywhere in this small world. However, they only chased after living creatures because the life force they emitted was fatally attractive to them.
When the eight of them entered this small world, the Black Nightmare Devils had already smelled their vitality. However, the Black Nightmare Devils were relatively slow. They didn't have a fixed body and were like sticky liquid that flowed and wriggled on the ground.
"Brother Bufan! I'm scared! I don't want to be eaten into a pile of bones! " Jin Qiaoning was dragged along by Zhuo Bufan. As the strongest female disciple of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, Jin Qiaoning's strength was not weak, but women were not as courageous as men. Seeing Zhou Cheng being swallowed by the Black Devil Nightmare in an instant and turned into a pile of bones, she was already in a half-collapsed state.
"Don't be afraid, I'll protect you!" Zhuo Bufan said calmly, but he didn't have much confidence in his heart. Although his spear technique was powerful, it didn't seem to have much effect on the Black Devil Nightmares. These things were like water. If you poked it with your spear, it would at most leave a big hole, and then it would slowly recover.
At this moment, the one running the fastest was not Zhuo Bufan, Luo Zheng, or Hua Tianming, but Red Maple!
His movement technique was fast to begin with, and he was also the most timid. At this moment, he was scared out of his wits and naturally ran. Although flying was forbidden on the path of the Trial Challengers, he relied on his strange movement technique to stay in the air as long as possible. After jumping four or five feet, he landed on the ground and then jumped high again.
With this kind of sprint, he naturally rushed to the front. However, not long after, Red Maple's body suddenly stiffened and then stopped. He looked forward with his mouth wide open, unable to say a word.
In front of Red Maple, groups of Black Devil Nightmares were surrounding them. Each group of Black Devil Nightmares was three feet tall, like moving hills …
Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, Luo Zheng, and the others immediately rushed up. When they saw the mountain-like Black Devil Nightmares, their expressions sank. They were surrounded by these Black Devil Nightmares.
"These things are everywhere. What should we do?" Hua Tianming pulled out his sword and bit the tip of his tongue at the same time. He used the pain to drive away the fear in his heart.
Luo Zheng pulled out his Flowing Light Sword and sucked in a breath of cold air. "There's no other way. Let's kill our way out!"
As soon as his voice fell, Zhuo Bufan had already made his move. Moreover, his move was almost his strongest killing move. At this moment, a blood-red pattern appeared on the body of his white spear. If one looked carefully, they would find that the pattern was a dragon's body.
Zhuo Bufan was accumulating power and thrusting his spear toward the mountain-like Black Devil Nightmares in front of him.
A spear as thick as a wrist suddenly formed and shot forward in a spiral shape. Its power was incomparably astonishing! This spear could even pierce through a small mountain.
"Boom …"
This spear instantly pierced through the Black Devil Nightmares, forming a bowl-sized hole in their bodies. It even penetrated five or six Black Devil Nightmares. With the defensive power of the Black Devil Nightmares, it was impossible for them to block Zhuo Bufan's spear.
However, the Black Devil Nightmares were not ferocious beasts or creatures of other races. They were originally a special life form, and could even be said to be a kind of energy body. Although Zhuo Bufan's spear was extremely sharp, it only took a few breaths of time for the big hole to slowly disappear, as if it had never appeared.
"Ineffective, physical attacks are ineffective …" Zhuo Bufan's expression suddenly dimmed.
Zhuo Bufan was a proud and arrogant person. His natural talent and strength were at the top amongst the younger generation in the entire central territory! In the Cloud Hall, none of the disciples of the same generation as him were his match! Even Zhao Xiaohua, who was known as the hope of the new generation of the Zhao family, was not worth mentioning in front of him!
Even if he encountered great hardships, there was still a faint smile on his face. He always had an expression of victory, as if the difficulties were not worth mentioning in front of him!
However, in the face of these squirming Black Devil Nightmares, he suddenly felt a sense of powerlessness …
Thinking that he and Jin Qiaoning would die in such a place and become a pile of bones, he suddenly felt a chill run down his spine.
Why did he bring Jin Qiaoning to such a place? He was still too confident, confident that he could challenge the path of death! Excessive confidence was arrogance, and arrogance was equal to stupidity.
"It seems that I still died because of my stupidity. It's a pity that I've harmed Qiaoning …" Zhuo Bufan tightly grasped Jin Qiaoning's hand. He also knew that it was useless to regret now.
Seeing the expression of despair on Zhuo Bufan's face, everyone's expression also dimmed. As the Black Devil Nightmares slowly surrounded them from all directions, everyone slowly retreated and formed a circle with their backs against each other.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said softly, "Don't give up."
Luo Zheng's words did not have much effect, because Zhuo Bufan was the temporary leader of this group. Now that even Zhuo Bufan had given up, how big of a blow would it be to everyone?
Only the disciple of the Cloud Hall blinked his eyes. There was no fear in his deep eyes, but he just stood with everyone and did not make a move.
"Hua Tianming, you have comprehended the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence. These Black Devil Nightmares are evil creatures. All evil creatures are naturally afraid of thunder-attribute cultivation methods …" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Hua Tianming's eyes lit up. He had just been affected by Zhuo Bufan, so he had lost his fighting spirit. However, when Hua Tianming heard this, a glimmer of hope suddenly surged in his heart.
In fact, Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Hellfire was probably also effective on these Black Devil Nightmares. Unfortunately, Pei Tianyao had used the Acalanatha Phantom once, so he could not summon the Green Lotus Hellfire now.
Seeing Hua Tianming draw his sword, Zhuo Bufan's eyes, which had lost their luster, glanced at him indifferently and shook his head. Hua Tianming was just a Xiantian lifeform. Even if he practiced thunder-attribute cultivation methods, how effective could they be?
However, the next scene stunned Zhuo Bufan!
Hua Tianming raised his sword to the sky, and then an endless momentum rushed toward his Corrosive Blood Sword. At the same time, bolts of Heavenly Thunder were drawn into it.
"This is … the Perfect Sword Essence!"
A Xiantian lifeform knew how to use the Perfect Sword Essence? Zhuo Bufan had only cultivated the Perfect Spear Essence after entering the Divine Reflection Realm. He did not expect that this boy, who had been at the peak of the Xiantian realm, would have the Perfect Sword Essence!
Moreover, the thunderbolts he drew were not formed by Vital Essence, but by Heavenly Thunder! This was completely different from the thunderbolts condensed by Vital Essence. The power of the two could not be compared at all! Zhuo Bufan was stunned!
"Crack!"
"Extreme Thunder Sword Essence! Heavenly Sword! Four swords in one! "
Hua Tianming knew that the Black Demon Nightmare was not afraid of physical attacks at all. The only thing that was effective against the Black Demon Nightmare was the Heavenly Thunder contained in his Extreme Thunder Sword Essence.
However, when people were afraid, they would often do their best to attack, hoping to eliminate the source of the fear.
The Extreme Thunder Sword Essence suddenly slashed out and hit the two Black Flame Demons in front of Hua Tianming. The two mountain-like Black Flame Demons were instantly wrapped in thunder and lightning. The surface of the Black Flame Demons flashed with electric light, and then quickly deflated, as if evaporated, and disappeared!
"It's very effective!" A glimmer of hope flashed on Zhuo Bufan's face, as if he had grasped a life-saving straw in despair.
"Pei Tianyao, your junior brother is … very strong!" Seeing Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Essence, Zhuo Bufan had a faint feeling that if Hua Tianming entered the Divine Reflection Realm in the future, his potential would not be less than his! He had misjudged him!
But at this moment, Zhuo Bufan was very happy that he had misjudged him.
Pei Tianyao smiled and said, "Hua Tianming's strength is naturally not bad, but Luo Zheng is even more monstrous. Even I am no match for him. He is the number one in our Blue Cloud Sect."

Chapter 374
Among his companions, Zhuo Bufan only recognized Pei Tianyao's strength.
Pei Tianyao killed one of the three Flying Yakshas by himself, and then used the power of Acalanatha's shadow to fight with the Yakshas for a long time before he was defeated.
There was a reason why Pei Tianyao couldn't defeat the Yakshas. The Yakshas' bodies were too strong, and Pei Tianyao's attacking methods were too big, so he was restrained by the strongest Yakshas.
Therefore, even though Pei Tianyao was defeated by the Yakshas, Zhuo Bufan still recognized Pei Tianyao's strength. He even felt that Pei Tianyao had the strength to fight with him. After all, the power of the Green Lotus Hellfire was too terrifying.
Perhaps Zhuo Bufan could easily break Pei Tianyao's Invincible Vajra Body with his spear, but Zhuo Bufan could not resist the burning of the Green Lotus Hellfire.
Martial artists of the same level would find it difficult to determine who was better or worse unless they had a real battle! However, Zhuo Bufan was still quite confident in himself. He felt that he had a 70% chance of winning against Pei Tianyao.
As for Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng, Zhuo Bufan didn't take them seriously because they didn't show their strength along the way.
Only then did Zhuo Bufan remember Pei Tianyao's words. "These two can be a great help to us …"
At that time, Zhuo Bufan directly interrupted Pei Tianyao's words. In Zhuo Bufan's view, even ordinary disciples of the Divine Reflection Realm were a burden, let alone two Primordial creatures. Describing them as burdens was already giving them face!
If he had known earlier, he would have asked more about their strength. It would not have been so embarrassing …
It was a pity that Zhuo Bufan was too conceited at that time. There was no other way. He had been so conceited and proud since he was a child, just like his name, Zhuo Bufan, Zhuo 'er Bufan!
Therefore, at this moment, Zhou Bufan's face was slightly hot.
Although Hua Tianming's Supreme Thunder Sword Intent could restrain the Black Devilish Nightmares, there were simply too many of them. It was as if the entire pocket world was made up of Black Devilish Nightmares. Clusters of Black Devilish Nightmares gathered towards Hua Tianming's side. Even though Hua Tianming's Supreme Thunder Sword Intent was exceptionally sharp and could destroy two or even three clusters of Black Devilish Nightmares with each strike, the number of Black Devilish Nightmares didn't decrease as more and more Black Devilish Nightmares appeared.
Hua Tianming also had a limit, especially the Supreme Thunder Sword Essence, which he had just mastered not long ago. After releasing it more than ten times and destroying twenty to thirty groups of Black Devil Nightmares, he was also panting and looked tired. he was exhausted.
Seeing this scene, the others became nervous again.
Luo Zheng frowned as he tried to think of a way to break the spell …
.. was was the Black was was the Devil was was was the Devil Devil Demon Nightmares.
If it was a kind of energy, like vital essence, then could his Heavenly Demon vital essence devour it?
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. This possibility was very high. The Heavenly Demon vital essence's devouring ability was very strong, and it could be continuously transformed. If it could really devour it, then this deadlock could be solved.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng waved his hand, and six Heavenly Demon Phantoms condensed around Luo Zheng.
"What is this kid trying to do?" Zhuo Bufan and the others looked at him in surprise. Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into the Black Devil Nightmares.
The collision should have no effect. This kid is doing something useless. Zhuo Bufan shook his head. His fierce spear attack just now had no effect on the Black Devil Nightmares.
Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were indeed unusual in Zhuo Bufan's eyes, but it was useless.
"Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop …"
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into the bodies of the six Black Devil Nightmares.
Zhuo Bufan curled his lips. He knew it was futile. At the same time, he even doubted Pei Tianyao's words. Hua Tianming's strength was unquestionable, but this Luo Zheng should still be a little weaker.
"Luo Zheng, ordinary attacks don't have much effect on these Black Devil Nightmares …" Pei Tianyao couldn't help but remind him.
"I know." Luo Zheng nodded. Then, with a thought, he manipulated the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms to suddenly shatter and return to Heavenly Demon vital essence.
"Devour …"
The Heavenly Demon vital essence would automatically devour other energy and transform it into Heavenly Demon vital essence.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and felt the vital essence. Soon, a touch of effect appeared on his face. Then, he suddenly opened his eyes and said with a smile, "It's done!"
"En? Huff, huff … What's done? "Hua Tianming asked, panting.
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He just looked at the six Black Devil Nightmares not far away with a smile on his face. He felt that the Heavenly Demon vital essence was constantly devouring and transforming these Black Devil Nightmares' bodies. The scale of the vital essence was constantly increasing!
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng with curious eyes, thinking in their hearts, 'Is Luo Zheng crazy?'
But at this time, everyone suddenly discovered that a large hole suddenly appeared on the surface of one of the Black Devil Nightmares. Then, a large mass of purple-black vital essence gushed out from the hole.
"What is that!" Zhuo Bufan's eyes widened.
Everyone, including the mysterious disciple of the Cloud Palace who had been calm all this time, widened their eyes and looked at the scene that was happening not far away.
After the first mass of Black Devil Nightmares exploded, the huge bodies of the other five Black Devil Nightmares also exploded. A large amount of purple-black vital essence escaped from them, and the Black Devil Nightmares were completely devoured and completely disappeared … The Black Devil Nightmares didn't have a physical body to begin with. They were a kind of energy aggregation, so they naturally disappeared after being devoured.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the six masses of Heavenly Demon vital essence gathered together, forming an extremely large mass of Heavenly Demon vital essence with a diameter of ten zhang in the air. Then, they heard Luo Zheng spit out a word, "Go!"
Within that enormous ball of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence, Heavenly Demon Vital Essence constantly condensed into purplish-black Vital Essence arrows and shot out.
Because Luo Zheng didn't focus on visualizing 'arrows', the vital essence arrows he visualized were all crooked. However, it didn't matter whether these vital essence arrows looked good or not. What was important was that there were so many of them!
"So much purple-black vital essence, it's Luo Zheng's? Where did this thing come from? " Zhuo Bufan was dumbfounded. In his opinion, Luo Zheng had just done an incredible thing. How could this kind of thing happen?
When faced with certain things, if one couldn't figure out the key problem, they would feel that it was a miracle! Zhuo Bufan was like this at the moment!
Of course, Zhuo Bufan was not the only one who was surprised at this time. Jin Qiaoning and Red Maple were staring at Luo Zheng with incomparable astonishment. They just saw Luo Zheng smash the vital essence of the six Heavenly Demon vital essences into the bodies of the Black Devil Nightmares. How did those Black Devil Nightmares suddenly disappear? And then, so much vital essence suddenly popped out? What the hell?
Even the disciple of the Cloud Hall was looking at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze at this moment. He said in a very small voice, "It's actually the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》. Maybe, he can help me …"
On the contrary, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao suddenly remembered something. Luo Zheng had once used this move in the arena.
At that time, when Luo Zheng was fighting with Zhou Dan, he was facing Zhou Dan's 《Song of Righteousness》. In the end, Zhou Dan's 《Song of Righteousness》 was swallowed by the Heavenly Demon vital essence.
It was just that this scene lasted for a very short time at that time, and not many people noticed it. Even if Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming noticed it, they didn't pay attention to it deliberately. Now, they understood the horror of Luo Zheng's purple-black Heavenly Demon vital essence!
Next, an even more shocking scene appeared!
Under the command of Luo Zheng, the tens of thousands of small arrows shot into the hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares around him. Those Black Devil Nightmares seemed to be struck by lightning and stopped moving.
At this time, the entire Spirit Space seemed to be frozen. The Black Devil Nightmares stopped moving, and Zhuo Bufan and the others were also motionless. They looked at the scene in front of them, and their hearts were slightly excited as they waited for something. In fact, they had already guessed what would happen next, but they didn't dare to believe that Luo Zheng could really do it to this extent!
They saw Luo Zheng waving his hand, "Break!"
Faint explosions could be heard in the air.
"Bop Bop Bop Bop Bop …"
Hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares exploded at the same time. Each of them was more than three zhang tall, and their bodies burst out with surging Heavenly Demon vital essence.
Just the Heavenly Demon vital essence of one Black Devil Nightmare was enough to fill Luo Zheng's dantian, and there were many more. Hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares were all swallowed and transformed by Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon vital essence. How large was this number?
Under the gray sky, such a huge mass of Heavenly Demon vital essence was formed, like a dark cloud floating in the air.
The amount of Heavenly Demon vital essence was too much. If Luo Zheng absorbed it, his body would probably explode and die.
Everyone looked at the dark cloud formed by the vital essence in fear. When had they ever seen so much vital essence gathered together? Who could release so much vital essence in one breath? Even the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall couldn't have so much vital essence in his body, right?

Chapter 375
That ball of purple-black vital essence gradually dissipated, and everyone's gaze shifted from the sky to the ground, finally settling on Luo Zheng's face.
Relatively speaking, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were less shocked than Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, and Red Maple. After all, they knew about Luo Zheng's true strength. However, although Luo Zheng had manipulated the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence to devour Zhou Dan's Song of Righteousness, the scale was very small. They did not expect Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence to be able to devour Zhou Dan's Song of Righteousness!
Those who had witnessed Luo Zheng's abnormal Heavenly Devil Innate Yuan were the Imperial Army in White Emperor City, such as Yun Luo, Xu Xiu, and a few others. Apart from them, the ones who left the deepest impression on them were Wanderer Wuyue and the other warriors who had entered the Immortal Abode, but all of them had died in the Immortal Abode.
Apart from Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, and the disciple from the Cloud Hall were all shocked. They couldn't believe that a Xiantian realm cultivator could cause such a huge commotion …
"We don't have any magical treasures like the Innate Yuan Cup, we can't store extra Innate Yuan. I'm afraid we're going to waste so much Innate Yuan …" Jin Qiaoning said. She knew of a magical treasure called the Innate Yuan Cup, which could temporarily store Innate Yuan. However, even if they had a Innate Yuan Cup, it wouldn't be of much use, because its storage space was limited, and it couldn't store so much Innate Yuan.
"Let's explode then." Luo Zheng said with a smile. "Close your eyes!"
Within the Heavenly Demon True Essence, the tiny specks of starlight began to explode one by one. As each speck of starlight was annihilated, it blossomed with an intense and dazzling white light. With such a massive amount of True Essence exploding, the entire small gray world was illuminated as bright as a white night. It was as if the entire world was a mass of white, without a single shadow.
Everyone instinctively closed their eyes. Under such a bright light, it was even brighter than the sun. Even Luo Zheng had to close his eyes. Zhuo Bufan and the other men couldn't help but exclaim in their minds. If the explosive force of this True Yuan was unleashed on a warrior, perhaps even a Divine Core warrior wouldn't be able to withstand it … How could there be such an abnormal skill under the heavens? Could it be that Luo Zheng was practicing a Saint-level technique? The problem was that the tiny Blue Cloud Sect was only a second-grade sect. Where would they get a saint-tier cultivation technique from?
At this time, only one person didn't close his eyes, and that was the disciple of the Cloud Hall. He didn't seem to be affected by the strong light at all. His eyes were wide open as he carefully stared at the light in the sky. His expression was very complicated. No, the energy that erupted wasn't the energy of the Heavenly Demon's true essence. I could feel the aura of the stars in this energy. Could it be that Luo Zheng had visualized the stars? To be able to visualize the stars to such an extent? How did this guy do it?
Of course, it was impossible to achieve this by relying on the Heavenly Devil True Essence alone. What Luo Zheng detonated was not the Heavenly Devil True Essence, but the little bit of starlight in the Heavenly Devil True Essence. Although this disciple of the Cloud Hall was experienced and knowledgeable, it was impossible for him to know that Luo Zheng had obtained the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map from the Immortal Mansion.
When the light gradually dimmed, everyone saw that there were more black things on the ground from the corner of their eyes.
Those black things were like rice cakes. They were soft and shrunk to the size of a fist, and they were all over the ground.
"This is!" Red Maple's eyes were sharp. He stepped over and picked up a piece from the ground, and a surprised smile appeared on his face. "This black substance is the same as the thing in the red chest hidden in the trial! This thing can strengthen the soul! "
"What? It can strengthen the soul? " Zhuo Bufan raised his eyebrows. Even he couldn't ignore such a good thing. However, this thing was everywhere. Was it really that good?
Luo Zheng also noticed that this black substance seemed to be produced after killing the Black Flame Demon. This black substance was exactly the same as the thing in the red chest.
Red Maple naturally knew the value of this thing. It was something that could strengthen the soul. After swallowing it, one would gain endless benefits. One could imagine how precious this thing was! However, this thing was slightly different from the black substance in the red chest. After the black substance in the red chest appeared, it automatically shot into one's mind, as if it was a living thing with intelligence. However, this black substance didn't.
Probably because he was a little anxious, Red Maple tried to swallow this thing in one gulp. Luo Zheng secretly cursed him for being an idiot. Just as he was about to open his mouth to stop him, he heard the Cloud Hall disciple say coldly, "This is the essence of the Black Demon Nightmare. It is highly toxic. After swallowing it, it will instantly corrode your internal organs. If you want to die, then swallow it."
At this time, Red Maple had already put the essence of the Black Demon Nightmare to his mouth. When he heard the Cloud Hall disciple's words, his expression changed, and he reflexively threw it away. "No, it can't be?"
"The black substance you obtained in the hidden trial is Soul Essence. It is indeed of the same origin as this thing. The Black Demon Nightmare is cultivated on the Road of Trials to obtain this kind of thing. However, they used a special secret method to remove the poison from the essence of the Black Demon Nightmare," the Cloud Hall disciple continued to say coldly.
"In other words, there are hundreds of pieces of Black Demon Nightmare's essence here. I can extract ten pieces of Soul Essence?" Luo Zheng's heart moved, and then he asked.
One piece of Soul Essence could slightly strengthen one's soul power. If he could extract ten pieces of Soul Essence …
The Cloud Hall disciple nodded, indicating that Luo Zheng's inference was very accurate.
Hearing this, everyone's eyes suddenly revealed a fiery look.
The Road of Death was the biggest hidden trial on the Road of Trials. The most important reason why everyone chose to enter here was that they hoped to obtain great opportunities and benefits on the Road of Trials!
They didn't expect that after entering and almost losing their lives, they didn't obtain anything. This was the most depressing thing.
However, they didn't expect that under the twists and turns of the mountain, they would suddenly obtain such a great opportunity!
Although the Black Demon Nightmare's essence had not been refined yet, once it was refined, its value was immeasurable! Even in the central region, pills that could strengthen one's soul were extremely rare. Moreover, they were so expensive that it was outrageous.
Moreover, although these pills could strengthen the soul after swallowing them, they often increased the burden on the body, and even made it difficult to remove the poison.
However, these Soul Essences could directly increase the strength of the soul, and there were so many of them. If this wasn't a great opportunity, then what was?
A strong soul was only good for oneself, and there were no disadvantages. Some people with strong souls could even directly use the pressure of their souls to suppress their enemies!
"How do we divide it?" Zhuo Bufan asked the most important question.
The Cloud Hall disciple shook his head and said, "I don't need it."
Zhuo Bufan glanced at the Cloud Hall disciple indifferently. He knew his place, and in fact, he didn't intend to share it with him.
Jin Qiaoning, Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and the others were a little silent. No matter who it was, the more of such good things there were, the better. However, they didn't contribute just now, so how could they divide it?
Seeing that everyone was silent, Zhuo Bufan suddenly smiled and said, "How about this? Luo Zheng contributed the most just now, so he can get 30%. Hua Tianming will get 20%, and the remaining half will be divided equally between me, Jin Qiaoning, and Pei Tianyao."
"What about me?" Although Red Maple was not bold, his strength was indeed not bad. When he heard Zhuo Bufan's distribution method, it seemed that he was not included at all, and his face suddenly darkened.
Unexpectedly, Zhuo Bufan smiled coldly and said, "What else can you do besides running away? Why should I share it with you? "
"Is that so? Is it because you are Zhuo Bufan that you can talk nonsense? " Red Maple's voice suddenly changed. At this moment, he seemed to have changed into a different person. His voice became muddy and full of power, and at the same time, two ruby-like lusters bloomed in his eyes.
Red Maple's strength was not bad to begin with, because he had a Double Soul Constitution! There was another powerful soul in his body, but this soul would not appear in most cases. If Red Maple had awakened the soul in his body when he was on the second floor of the hidden trial, he would have been able to obtain the treasure chest on the second floor. Unfortunately, he did not choose to do so at that time. After falling from the cliff, he had no chance to return.
Seeing the special changes in Red Maple, Zhuo Bufan also sneered, and the white spear appeared in his hand. "It seems that you have hidden your strength. Sure enough, those who dare to enter the Path of Death must have some skills. They can only die miserably like Zhou Cheng … However, you want to challenge me?"
One person after another exceeded Zhuo Bufan's expectations. At first, it was Hua Tianming, then it was Luo Zheng, and now it was this timid Red Maple. Zhuo Bufan realized that he had really underestimated these people. None of them were weak.
"If you don't change the distribution plan … Of course, I will choose to challenge you." Red Maple pulled out a knife from his black cloak. It was a broad knife with a backstab.
Seeing that the two were about to fight, Hua Tianming said, "Enough! Zhuo Bufan, your distribution plan is too much. Not only is Red Maple dissatisfied, but Luo Zheng and I are also dissatisfied! "
"What do you mean?" Zhuo Bufan's face darkened again.
He felt that he had lost control of this temporary team. In other words, these people were not leaders or leaders at all. They were just self-righteous and felt that they were very authoritative!
This feeling was very bad. A proud son of heaven like Zhuo Bufan was born to be a leader. When he went on adventures with the disciples of the Cloud Hall, when did he not have the final say?
But today, with just one sentence, two people jumped out to oppose him!
Luo Zheng glanced at Zhuo Bufan indifferently. "These Devil's Essence were basically destroyed by me and Hua Tianming. I only want 50%."
Hua Tianming said, "I'll take 20%. You can divide the rest among yourselves."
Pei Tianyao did not speak. In fact, he agreed with Luo Zheng's plan. Whoever put in the most effort would get the most. If it were not for Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng, this group of people would all die here. What was there to divide?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 376
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming got 70% of it, leaving only 30%. Even if the disciple of the Cloud Hall didn't want it, there were still four of them to share.
"You two take 70%? Do you think that Brother Bufan and I are just decorations here? " Jin Qiaoning said coldly. She was also unhappy. In her opinion, it was better for her and Zhuo Bufan to take all the Devil's Essence.
Zhuo Bufan also said, "Luo Zheng, I gave you 30% because you made a contribution. I didn't expect you to ask for 50%. Hey, do you think I, Zhuo Bufan, am so easy to talk to?"
Luo Zheng stared at Zhuo Bufan and said, "I don't care if you are easy to talk to or not. Hua Tianming and I will take 70%."
Zhuo Bufan sighed. A long blood dragon appeared on the shaft of the white spear in his hand. He waved it gently and pointed the spear to the ground. "I don't like internal strife, but if there is a problem with the team, I don't mind dealing with it first!"
Seeing that he was about to fight, Luo Zheng also took out his Bloodthirsty Sword. He shook his head and said, "Zhuo Bufan, your strength is indeed good, but I can only say that you are too arrogant to think that you are the leader of this team."
After that, a little perfect sword intent condensed on the Bloodthirsty Sword. The full perfect sword intent was like a small fairy, dancing on the tip of Luo Zheng's sword.
At this time, Hua Tianming also stood next to Luo Zheng and also condensed a perfect sword intent.
"Both of them have perfect sword intent?" Seeing the sword intent on Luo Zheng's Bloodthirsty Sword, Zhuo Bufan raised his eyebrows. Although Zhuo Bufan was arrogant, he was not a fool. Hua Tianming was a threat to Zhuo Bufan, and Luo Zheng's strength seemed to be stronger than Pei Tianyao's!
First, there was that strange purple-black Zhenqi, and now he had condensed a perfect sword intent! This made Zhuo Bufan's heart beat faster.
Even if he were to face Luo Zheng alone, Zhuo Bufan might not have the confidence to win. With Hua Tianming … the situation was a little troublesome.
Just as Zhuo Bufan was hesitating, Red Maple stood beside Luo Zheng and said in a slightly deep voice, "I support Luo Zheng's allocation plan! If you're not convinced, you can fight with the three of us. "
Zhuo Bufan was silent. Seeing that Pei Tianyao had no intention of getting involved, and the disciple of the Cloud Hall didn't say a word, the arrogant Zhuo Bufan finally chose to bow his head.
Lowering his head was something that Zhuo Bufan had never done before! Although it was just a small concession, it was very difficult for Zhuo Bufan to accept. The problem was that the situation was stronger than the person. Moreover, even if they obtained these Devil Nightmare Essences, they still had to face the problem of walking out of the Path of Death. It was really unwise for him to challenge the three of them at the same time.
"Okay, I agree!" In the end, Zhuo Bufan gritted his teeth and chose to agree.
Then, everyone gathered the Black Nightmare Essences scattered on the ground and distributed them. According to the previous agreement, Luo Zheng took half of the Black Nightmare Essences alone.
Looking at the pile of Black Nightmare Essences stuffed into Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring, Zhuo Bufan was deeply unwilling, but at the same time, he was helpless. In the end, he could only grit his teeth and endure! If they left the Trial Taker's Path and entered the Cloud Hall, he would slowly deal with them!
His father was Mister Zhuo of the Cloud Hall. Wasn't it a simple matter for him to deal with a few elite disciples who had just entered the Cloud Hall?
As for what these guys had eaten, he naturally wanted them to spit it out without missing a single one! Every piece of Devil Nightmare Essence was worth a lot, not to mention a few hundred pieces.
After the distribution, Zhuo Bufan was a little silent. There was no longer an expression on his face that was full of vigor and vigor. This time, he didn't lead the team. Instead, he walked in front with Jin Qiaoning, while the others silently followed behind. If it weren't for the fact that the Path of Death was too dangerous, this temporary team would have already fallen apart.
Just as the Cloud Hall disciple had said, this small world was used to cultivate these Black Nightmare Essences. Apart from these Black Nightmare Essences, they didn't encounter any other ferocious beasts in this small world.
When everyone reached the end of this small world, a whirlpool appeared in front of them. It was a red whirlpool that looked like a ball of flame that was constantly rotating.
Seeing this flame-like whirlpool, the Cloud Hall disciple's eyes suddenly lit up.
However, the others' eyes revealed a look of vigilance.
They had walked all the way from the Path of Death. Every small world was filled with danger. Just now, they had almost been completely wiped out. Now that they encountered this red whirlpool, how could they not be vigilant?
However, there was no turning back on this Path of Death. There seemed to be no good choice but to move forward.
"Hey, this red whirlpool, what does it mean?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked the Cloud Hall disciple.
Although this mysterious Cloud Hall disciple refused to reveal his identity, he seemed to know a lot about the Path of Death.
From beginning to end, the Cloud Hall disciple, who had been expressionless, suddenly smiled. His smile was very strange. "What does it mean? Won't we know once we go in? "
Luo Zheng originally wanted to ask, but he didn't expect the Cloud Hall disciple to jump into the red whirlpool.
The moment the Cloud Hall disciple jumped in, the small world where everyone was suddenly trembled. Luo Zheng looked up and saw that cracks seemed to appear in the sky of the small world. These cracks were very similar to the cracks that Luo Zheng saw above the Path of Death. It was as if this small world was showing signs of breaking.
"Let's go in too!" Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng also jumped in.
Then, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, and the others all jumped into the red whirlpool.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped out of the whirlpool, he fell head first into the ground. He was falling continuously!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
The sound of the wind blew past Luo Zheng's ears. Luo Zheng saw that the Cloud Hall disciple was also falling. The exit of this whirlpool was actually set above an abyss!
The abyss below was dark and bottomless. No one knew how high this abyss was, but falling all the way down, there was only one outcome, and that was death.
However, Luo Zheng soon found that there were many stones floating above the abyss. Those stones were irregular in shape. Some were as big as a table, and some were only as big as a fist. He didn't know what kind of power was supporting them. They seemed to be completely unaffected by gravity and were floating in the air.
"I can only jump on those stones!" As soon as Luo Zheng thought of this, he saw that the Cloud Hall disciple suddenly tiptoed in the air. His body circled and stood firmly on a floating stone.
This Cloud Hall disciple, who hadn't made a move, was actually so dexterous. It seemed to be more exquisite than Red Maple's.
So, Luo Zheng followed suit. He turned over, changed his position abruptly, and grabbed one of the floating stones. Luo Zheng's body was not so powerful. Under the force of his strength, the floating stone was turned over by Luo Zheng. At the critical moment, Luo Zheng grabbed a corner of the floating stone and turned a full circle with it. Only then did he stand firmly on the floating stone.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw that Zhuo Bufan, Pei Tianyao, and the others had also used all their methods to grab a floating stone.
After Baili Hongfeng passed through the whirlpool, he seemed to have returned to his normal self. He was like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water. He used his powerful movement skill to jump from one rock to another. As he jumped, he screamed exaggeratedly as if he could not stop.
After everyone stabilized their bodies, the Cloud Hall disciple suddenly pointed to the top and said, "Up there is the exit of the Path of Death!"
Hearing the words of the Cloud Hall disciple, everyone was happy. They looked up and saw floating stones floating in the abyss. At the top of the abyss, there was a bright light. Everyone could even see pieces of space fragments floating in the sky above the abyss!
As long as they jumped along these floating stones, they could leave the Path of Death.
Although there was hope, everyone was still a little disappointed. Since they dared to take the risk in the Path of Death, they originally wanted to get a bigger reward. They were not satisfied with just a part of the Nightmare Essence.
However, at this time, survival was the most important thing. Being able to walk out of the Path of Death alive was already a magnificent feat!
"It doesn't seem difficult …" Red Maple laughed. At this moment, he was stepping on a fist-sized floating stone as if he was juggling, showing off his amazing body technique.
The Cloud Hall disciple smiled faintly, "Difficult? The difficulty is coming soon … "
As soon as the Cloud Hall disciple's voice fell, everyone heard a series of sounds.
"Clang, clang, clang …"
"Look, below!" Pei Tianyao pointed to the dark abyss and saw a huge head approaching. It turned out to be the head of a huge Flood Dragon!
This Flood Dragon's head was so big! Just its head alone was enough to fill the entire abyss. Above the Flood Dragon's head, there were thick chains that were tied up. The clanging sounds were made by those chains.
"Flood Dragon, let's go up quickly …" Zhuo Bufan pulled Jin Qiaoning, and the two of them stepped on the floating stones at an extremely fast speed, constantly leaping towards the top of the abyss!
For them, the Flood Dragon was a huge existence. Although the Flood Dragon was not a Divine Beast, it was still a close relative of the Dragon Clan and had the bloodline of the Dragon Clan!
During the All-Peak Competition, Wang Yun had only held a section of the Flood Dragon's bone in his hand, and the power it released was already so amazing. Now, under their feet was a living adult Flood Dragon that had lived for tens of thousands of years! Just a single roar from such a huge dragon was enough to turn everyone into ashes, leaving not even their bones behind.
"Go, go! Go! "
Without any hesitation, everyone jumped up onto the floating rocks as if they had gone mad, hoping to escape from the terrifying adult flood dragon.
At this time, the Cloud Hall disciple's eyes were fixed on Zhuo Bufan. He frowned slightly, as if he was thinking about something in his heart. He showed a trace of hesitation, but in the end, his eyes left Zhuo Bufan and locked on Luo Zheng.
After choosing Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall disciple smiled slightly. His speed suddenly increased by five or six times, and he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
What did five or six times mean?
The Cloud Hall disciple's speed was much faster than that of Red Maple, who was proficient in body movement. But now, with his speed increased by five or six times, his figure was so fast that it was difficult to see with the naked eye!
Luo Zheng was also concentrating on sprinting upwards, but at this time, he suddenly heard a loud sound coming from below.
Generally speaking, this kind of sound would only be produced when hidden weapons cut through the air at high speed. But when Luo Zheng looked back, he saw that it was the Cloud Hall disciple rushing towards him.
"Such a fast speed! How is this possible? " Luo Zheng was shocked and frowned. This Cloud Hall disciple was actually rushing towards him!
"Are you looking for trouble with me?" Everyone had been on guard against this mysterious disciple of the Cloud Palace. It was just that this disciple of the Cloud Palace had not shown any malice, so everyone could reluctantly travel with him.
Seeing that the Cloud Hall disciple was going to attack him, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. After jumping onto a stone platform, he turned his hand and swung his sword!
It was the Downward Slash of the Basic Swordsmanship!
"Since you are looking for trouble with me, you should be prepared to die!"
Facing the Flood Dragon that was rushing towards him, Luo Zheng did not want to be careless. It was too dangerous. If he was careless, he would be doomed eternally!
So Luo Zheng went all out!
Seeing Luo Zheng's Basic Swordsmanship, the Cloud Hall disciple showed a trace of confusion on his face. Then he smiled slightly and actually grabbed Luo Zheng's Bloodthirsty Sword with his bare hands!
Luo Zheng noticed that the Cloud Hall disciple's smile was a little awkward, as if there was a hint of charm in his smile. But this guy was obviously a man!
But Luo Zheng did not have time to think about this problem. He did not expect that this Cloud Hall disciple would use such an ingenious method to grab his sword with his bare hands.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was obvious that no one in the Divine Reflection Realm could match him. Perhaps he could not block Zhuo Bufan's spear, but he had other ways to defeat Zhuo Bufan.
But this Cloud Hall disciple, who was at the first tier of the Divine Reflection Realm, was actually able to grab his sword with his bare hands. This was somewhat inconceivable.
The Cloud Hall disciple smiled again and said softly, "Come down with me!" Before Luo Zheng could react, he grabbed Luo Zheng's clothes and dragged him down the floating stone. The two of them fell into the abyss.

Chapter 377
Under this kind of crisis, everyone was desperately climbing up. Who would care about what was happening behind them?
Hua Tianming stepped on the sword and constantly danced on the floating stones. If there were any small floating stones blocking his way, they would be instantly chopped into powder by his sword intent.
Just as he was climbing, he looked back and his expression changed drastically!
"Luo Zheng!"
Hua Tianming yelled. The others who were trying their best to climb up turned around and were shocked as well.
When Zhuo Bufan saw this scene, a cold smile appeared on his face. He had long felt that the disciple of the Cloud Hall was abnormal. He must be up to something! However, this disciple of the Cloud Hall hadn't done anything out of line, so Zhuo Bufan didn't investigate further.
He didn't expect that he would go crazy for no reason and drag Luo Zheng down!
He deserved it! However, it was a pity that Luo Zheng still had so much Black Nightmare Essence in his hands. Now that Luo Zheng had died in this abyss, he probably wouldn't be able to get it.
Forget it, this Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian lifeform and already had such strength. If he entered the Cloud Hall and became an elite disciple in the future, he would probably be a formidable opponent! No matter how proud Zhuo Bufan was, he had to recognize this fact.
In that case, it was quite good to use this place as your grave.
As he climbed up, Zhuo Bufan's originally gloomy face due to his dissatisfaction with the distribution was now filled with a smile, as if the spring breeze was blowing on his face at this moment.
However, Zhuo Bufan did not know that he had actually brushed past a great opportunity. Originally, he had a share of this opportunity. Unfortunately, because of the sudden appearance of Luo Zheng, Zhuo Bufan's life path had changed, and he had inadvertently taken away Zhuo Bufan's opportunity!
From a certain point of view, this was also because Zhuo Bufan's luck wasn't strong enough! And Luo Zheng's luck was too strong, so it directly took away Zhuo Bufan's luck.
On the other hand, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao felt sad. The three of them came in together, but they didn't expect that Luo Zheng would die in such a place …
Luo Zheng felt that he was being pulled by the disciple of the Cloud Hall and kept falling down. In the process of falling, Luo Zheng even smelled a faint fragrance.
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to recall something. He remembered that the disciple of the Cloud Hall walked a little awkwardly. That awkwardness was actually a little sissy, and then he thought of that strange and charming smile just now.
The disciple of the Cloud Hall was a woman!
But at this time, it was useless.... So what if the disciple of the Cloud Hall was a woman?
The Luo Zheng of the Luo of the Cloud Cloud Dragon............. of the dragon of the dragon...........
...................................
She smiled slightly, as if she had forgotten to hide it. She just smiled and said, "Because I chose you!"
"What do you mean by choosing me?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. In Luo Zheng's opinion, it was a little inexplicable to hear this sentence in this kind of situation where they were going to die. I don't know this disciple of the Cloud Hall, and I don't have any big grudges against her. Why did she choose me? Did she choose me to die together with me?
The disciple of the Cloud Hall no longer spoke. She pulled Luo Zheng down, blocking her from below, and rushed towards the dragon.
The moment they rushed towards the dragon, the dragon suddenly opened its mouth and swallowed the two of them.
The moment Luo Zheng was swallowed by the dragon, he suddenly fell into darkness. He almost subconsciously hugged the disciple of the Cloud Hall tightly, and then constantly bumped into the dragon's body. For a moment, the two of them were confused and didn't know where to go.
Fortunately, the dragon's body was soft everywhere, so it didn't fall apart. They bumped into each other like this for a while. The two of them gradually slowed down. Finally, Luo Zheng's shoulder fell on a soft place.
Luo Zheng subconsciously pressed on the soft place with his hand. "Fortunately, the dragon's body is soft everywhere. Otherwise, I'm afraid I would have fallen badly."
"Take it away!"
A woman's scream came from the darkness. Luo Zheng felt that his arm was twisted, and then he was heavily thrown out.
Only when Luo Zheng landed on the ground did he realize that the soft place he just touched was a place he shouldn't have touched.
"You're not disguising yourself? Why did you dress up as a man? "Luo Zheng asked in the darkness.
"Humph!" The disciple of the Cloud Hall coldly snorted, and then a light appeared in her hand, which immediately illuminated the surroundings.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, she seemed to feel that there was no need to disguise herself. She removed the disguise and returned to her original appearance.
Under the dim light, she was still wearing the white robe of the Cloud Hall. The white robe was a bit loose on her curvaceous body. She didn't have time to comb her dark hair. It just casually and loosely hung on her left shoulder, looking natural and fresh.
Even though the light she lit was a bit dim, he could still see her white and beautiful face. This kind of natural beauty made Luo Zheng a bit dazed for a moment.
"You're so beautiful, but you dress up as a man …" Luo Zheng said this sentence without rhyme or reason.
"What does it have to do with you?" The woman said coldly.
Luo Zheng laughed. "Logically speaking, it has nothing to do with me. But you pulled me down from above, so you should at least give me an explanation. We're now trapped inside the dragon's body, right? Tell me, what's your purpose? And … are you really in the first tier of the Divine Reflection Realm? "
On the surface, she did have the strength of someone who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. But this woman just now was able to see through his "Basic Sword Technique" in an instant and dismantle his sword move with her bare hands. This was not something a warrior who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm could do.
Zhuo Bufan was outstanding enough, right? He should be the strongest among those who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. Even compared to the warriors who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm in the entire Central Domain, he stood at the top of the pyramid. Perhaps Zhuo Bufan could react in an instant and use the long spear in his hand to dismantle his Basic Sword Technique, but it was impossible for him to do so with his bare hands.
However, there was a special restriction on the Trial Taker's Path. Warriors who had surpassed the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm could not enter at all. From this point of view, this woman could not have surpassed the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm.
This was what Luo Zheng didn't understand, and also why Luo Zheng asked this question.
"You're asking nonsense. If I hadn't just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, I wouldn't have been able to enter the Trial Taker's Path," the woman said coldly.
"Then why were you able to dismantle my sword move with your bare hands?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Why should I tell you?" the woman said bluntly.
"Then why did you bring me into this flood dragon's body?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"Why … I'll tell you later!" The woman stared at him with her limpid eyes.
Not long after, Luo Zheng and the woman felt another violent tremor. Finally, with a boom, the surroundings stabilized. The flood dragon had probably rushed out of the abyss and then slowly retracted back into its body.
"Let's go!" The woman took the light and got up to walk forward.
"Where are we going … is there no danger in this flood dragon's body?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"If you keep talking, I won't say a word to you. Just follow me." The woman took the lead. Her voice was very cold, but her voice was crisp and charming. It was very pleasant to the ears.
"At least tell me your name. If you don't, I won't go." Luo Zheng stopped. He already vaguely understood that this woman seemed to have some plans and intentions. No matter what, he wouldn't die for the time being.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the woman thought for a moment, then said, "Just call me Die …"
"Little Die?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"Call me Sister Die!" Her face darkened, and she quickly walked forward.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, this flood dragon's body seemed to be very empty and dry. If it was a living flood dragon, he and Little Die should have fallen into its stomach. However, under the faint light of Little Die, Luo Zheng found that this body seemed to have been transformed by someone. It was like a human palace, not a flood dragon's body.
At this moment, the Qinglong voice in Luo Zheng's mind came again, "This flood dragon has been transformed by someone. It's a dead flood dragon."
"A dead flood dragon? But just now … "Luo Zheng responded in his mind.
"Yes, it was transformed by you humans. They drained the flood dragon's blood and soaked its flesh with a secret method. In this way, this flood dragon's body will never rot. Then they transformed it into a puppet," the Qinglong voice said slowly.
"What do you want? Why did you suddenly appear?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked straightforwardly. The big Qinglong in his body had always been asleep. If it woke up for no reason, it must have wanted something. Luo Zheng had figured out the character of this Qinglong. Otherwise, it would not have shown up even when Luo Zheng was in a life-or-death situation.
"Heh heh, you brat …" Having lived for so many years, Qinglong was extremely thick-skinned. "The flood dragon's essence and blood have been drained long ago. Even its bone marrow has been drained. This flood dragon's body has no value. It can't even compare with the previous bone spear. At least the bone spear still retains the flood dragon's essence and blood. Therefore, this body is useless to me. But … I can feel that there's a flood dragon's essence and blood here. I want to devour it!"
"Flood dragon's essence and blood? Didn't you say the flood dragon was dead? "Luo Zheng asked. Since the flood dragon's body was dead, its soul should have been scattered.
"It's not easy to control the flood dragon's puppet body. The best way is to extract the flood dragon's essence and refine it. Then, put a seal on it and use the essence to control the flood dragon's body. That's the most effective way." Qinglong said.
What a good method. This sixth-rank sect was actually so powerful. Not only did they kill the flood dragon, they even drained its essence and blood and refined its soul into a flood dragon puppet. What kind of method was this? Was this the strength of the Demon Blood Emperor?
"But … I can feel that the seal on the flood dragon's essence and blood has loosened. The flood dragon tribe is naturally lustful. You … have to be careful." Qinglong said.

Chapter 378
"Are you talking about this girl called 'Die'? Actually, I've noticed her since you entered the Path of Death. I think she's very strong compared to you … but, since she brought you here, I think she needs your help. "Qinglong said.
"What I want to know is, why is she so strong?" This was the biggest mystery in Luo Zheng's mind. She was only at the first level of the Divine Reflection realm, how could she possess such strength?
Qinglong paused for a moment, then he continued. "If I'm not mistaken, this girl is cultivating the 'Nine Transformation Resurrection Skill' or the '12 Tribulations Cultivation Skill'. She's not just at the Divine Reflection realm."
"Not just at the Divine Reflection realm? If that's the case, why was she able to enter the Path of Trials? "Luo Zheng raised his brows. This didn't make any sense.
Qinglong laughed, "Her type of cultivation skill is too heaven-defying, that's why when she cultivates it to a certain level, she has to disperse her cultivation and start from scratch. For example, the 'Nine Transformation Resurrection Skill' requires her to disperse her cultivation nine times, and she has to start from scratch every single time. Only after nine transformations can she break through! She must have broken through to the first level of the Divine Reflection realm after dispersing her cultivation. Therefore, her true strength is most likely at the Late Divine Core realm, or even higher … "
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng was shocked. Late Divine Core realm? Or even higher realms? This girl's original strength was so frightening?
"Normally, this type of cultivation skill is extremely heaven-defying. Once one cultivates the 'Nine Transformation' or '12 Tribulations', their strength will far surpass those at the same cultivation level, and they will be able to overturn rivers and seas. There is nothing they can't do … But, each type of cultivation skill requires different conditions before dispersing one's cultivation, that's why I can't tell what her original cultivation level is. Although her cultivation level has dropped to the first level of the Divine Reflection realm, no matter it is her experience, vision, or explosive strength, she is not something you juniors can compare with. Therefore, it's not surprising that she was able to see through your basic sword skill, and broke your sword skill with her bare hands." Qinglong explained in an indifferent tone.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng looked at Xiao Die's graceful back, and a hint of awe appeared on his face. She was at the late stage of the Divine Core realm or even higher. She seemed to be even more powerful than Elder Fei Han of the Cloud Hall. Why did this woman lower her cultivation to enter the Trial Taker's Path?
While Luo Zheng was lost in his thoughts, Xiao Die seemed to be searching for something in the dim light. She looked around and seemed to have found a mechanism in the corner. She reached out her hand and pressed it, injecting a stream of Zhen Yuan into it.
The true essence quickly flowed along the lines in the corners, and soon, the entire inner world of the Flood Dragon lit up!
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked. Only then was he able to see the entirety of the Flood Dragon's inner world. Just as the Azure Dragon had said, the entire Flood Dragon had been transformed. Its inner world was like a small palace.
After Xiao Die lit up the inner world, she looked around and said to Luo Zheng, "Follow me!"
So Luo Zheng followed closely behind Xiao Die. After walking for a short distance, the two suddenly heard a "Pa Da" sound. They seemed to have triggered some kind of mechanism. Six small doors opened in the walls on both sides, and six dark golden snakes slowly crawled out from the small doors!
The metallic luster of these six small snakes was the same as the Slaughter Puppet Luo Zheng had encountered in the hidden Trial Taker's Path. They were made of the same metal.
Even Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was destroyed by this metal. Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to this metal.
However, with the sharpness of the broken throwing knife, Luo Zheng was confident that he could cut this metal. But Luo Zheng didn't plan to use it on the Trial Taker's Path.
As soon as these six puppet snakes appeared, they opened their metal tongues, revealing their dark golden snake fangs, and shot towards the two.
"Ding Ding!" Luo Zheng instantly took out his Flowing Light Sword and smashed apart the two snake puppets. After the two snake puppets fell to the ground, they weren't injured in the slightest. Luo Zheng was thinking of a way to deal with these snake puppets when he saw Xiao Die reach out and grab one of the snake puppets. Her hand flashed with true essence, and with a gentle twist, the snake puppet was torn in two by her.
"This woman's strength …" Luo Zheng was shocked. Wasn't this strength too terrifying? Although Luo Zheng had seen her release a special True Essence, even with the assistance of True Essence, her strength was definitely not small!
After that, there was nothing for Luo Zheng to do. She grabbed the remaining puppet snakes with one hand and casually tore them apart. These incomparably strong metals were as soft as noodles in her hand. After she tore them apart, she casually threw them aside.
Seeing the "corpses" of the puppet snakes, Luo Zheng didn't let them go. Just the materials of these puppet snakes could be sold for a lot of money.
Seeing Luo Zheng collect the puppet snakes one by one, Xiao Die looked at Luo Zheng with contempt. "There's no need to collect these things. If you help me achieve my goal, these things can only be regarded as junk."
"…" Being despised by a woman like this, Luo Zheng felt a little hurt. But he still put the "corpses" of the six puppet snakes into his sumeru ring, and then followed Xiao Die.
After walking for a while inside the Flood Dragon's body, Luo Zheng saw a red light not far away. In that red light, there seemed to be something floating. Luo Zheng asked, "What is that?"
"That's the key." When Xiao Die saw the key, her eyes finally showed a hint of joy, and her pace quickened.
"Key? Where is the key? " Luo Zheng asked as he approached. It turned out that the red light was a circular cauldron. The fire in the cauldron was exuberant, and in the middle of the cauldron was a long and narrow crystal that was slowly floating. Was this crystal the key that Xiao Die spoke of?
"The inheritance key of the entire Path of the Trial Taker. Before this Rank 6 Sect was destroyed, they placed all their inheritances in the Path of the Trial Taker. As long as you obtain this inheritance key, you will be able to keep all these inheritances!" Little Butterfly said as she looked at the floating crystal in the furnace.
"This is all of the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritances?" Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air. Even the Cloud Hall was only a fourth-grade sect. But the Demon Blood Emperor's sect was a sixth-grade sect!
No wonder there were so many hidden treasures in the Road of Smelting Trial. The Demon Blood Emperor must have placed a part of his sect's inheritance inside! The Road of Smelting Trial was so long, and there was probably more than one hidden trial.
If he could take all of these inheritances, just how great would that be? At this moment, Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
Xiao Die stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "How do you know about the Demon Blood Emperor?"
"Me? I'm not telling you! "Before, Xiao Die had been hiding a lot of information from him. Luo Zheng always wanted to keep her in suspense.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xiao Die didn't pursue the matter. Instead, she continued to stare at the furnace and said, "I've been here once, but I didn't get the key because it's too hard to get."
Xiao Die said she'd been here once? Luo Zheng thought for a moment and understood. If what Qinglong said was true, then her cultivation method required her to disperse her cultivation, and it wasn't just once. Then the last time she dispersed her cultivation, she must have secretly snuck in here. That's why Xiao Die was so familiar with the Road of Death.
"Why is it hard to get?" Luo Zheng looked at the furnace and asked.
"This furnace is too powerful, and there's a Bounded Domain here. I can't open it …" Xiao Die stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and suddenly said, "Didn't you ask me why I brought you here? This time, I originally planned to cooperate with Zhuo Bufan to deal with this furnace, and then rely on Zhuo Bufan's spear to break the Bounded Domain. But later, I changed my mind. Zhuo Bufan's spear has a strong penetrating power, but it may not be able to penetrate this Bounded Domain. But you've cultivated the 'Demonic God Fist', and I can provide you with enough Zhenqi. That's to say, it's safer to choose you. "
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Luo Zheng basically understood. In the case that she couldn't get the crystal key alone, she had to find a strong enough helper.
At first, Zhuo Bufan was the best choice. He was the strongest among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, and his main weapon was the spear. This kind of weapon had the strongest penetrating power, and he could break the Bounded Domain with his spear. In the end, because of his appearance, Xiao Die thought that he was more likely to break the Bounded Domain, so she pulled him into the mouth of the flood dragon. If Luo Zheng hadn't appeared, it would have been Zhuo Bufan who was here at the moment.
In fact, Luo Zheng felt a little strange. With Xiao Die's terrifying strength, couldn't she break the Bounded Domain? However, Luo Zheng knew that it was useless to ask this question, so he simply waited and watched.
"Enough talking. Now listen to my command and take the crystal key!" After Xiao Die finished speaking, she sat on the ground and placed a pair of jade-like hands in her dantian. Pure Qi began to condense, and she pushed a palm toward the furnace.
As the wind from Xiao Die's palm swept over, the fire in the furnace suddenly flourished. After a while, a flame flew out of the furnace. The flame was in the shape of a dragon!
"You move away, this is the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence! It's a very powerful fire essence! " This time, Xiao Die's face finally showed a cautious expression. She carefully dealt with the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence. She reached out and flipped her hand, and a sky-blue jade appeared in her hand. The jade emitted a cold air, and suddenly the surrounding temperature dropped a little.
Xiao Die stretched out her hand and patted it gently. She stretched out a jade-like finger, and her fingertip constantly circled the jade, as if she was guiding something out of the jade. After her finger drew several small circles, she gently pulled and said softly, "Go!"
A small ice phoenix suddenly appeared from her jade. After the small ice phoenix appeared from the jade, it let out a high-pitched phoenix cry, and then rushed toward the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 379
Flame Essences were divided into many types. The Flame Essences bred in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames were relatively weak, but the Flame Essences in this furnace were far more powerful than ordinary Flame Essences!
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was only the size of an arm, but it was a highly condensed body of flames. The moment it pounced, just the heat it emitted was unbearable. Fortunately, the Ice Phoenix that Xiao Die summoned from her Jade Treasure was not to be outdone.
The Flame Dragon and Ice Phoenix tangled together, mutually restraining and canceling each other out. Ice could restrain fire, but fire could also melt glaciers.
Every time the Ice Phoenix pounced, it would cause the Flame Dragon Spirit to dim a little. But every time the Flame Dragon's body dimmed, a flame would shoot out from the furnace behind it. After the flame entered the Flame Dragon, it would immediately cause the Flame Dragon's flames to surge violently. The Flame Dragon emitted a brilliant light, exuding an endless ferocity.
At this time, the Flame Dragon gained the upper hand. Every time it pounced, it would always melt a part of the Ice Phoenix condensed from ice crystals. The Ice Phoenix began to shrink at a speed visible to the naked eye.
When the Ice Phoenix melted to a certain extent, Little Butterfly was also unhurried. Her jade-like fingers touched the precious jade and gently pulled, condensing an ice cold energy from her true essence. After this ice cold energy appeared, it entered the Ice Phoenix's body, causing the Ice Phoenix's body to rapidly expand.
The Ice Phoenix and the Flame Dragon could only consume each other like this, neither able to do anything to the other. Although the Ice Phoenix had Little Butterfly to supplement its ice cold energy, the same was true for the Flame Dragon. As long as the flames in the furnace didn't extinguish, the Flame Dragon would never die!
"I'll hold off the Flame Dragon Spirit. Now you can try to break the enchantment," Little Butterfly said.
"Enchantment?"
A faint purple curtain of light appeared around the furnace. This furnace was located in the deepest part of the Flood Dragon puppet's body, yet it still had several layers of protection. Luo Zheng believed most of Little Butterfly's words. If this crystal wasn't of great importance, how could there be so many layers of protection?
Facing the enchantment, Luo Zheng suddenly punched the enchantment.
Boom!
Luo Zheng had used all of his strength in this punch, together with the power of the dragon scale, Luo Zheng only heard a crisp sound, but the enchantment didn't move at all.
"Your strength alone is far from enough," Little Butterfly said to Luo Zheng, "This boundary is very special. It is made from a trace of space power. This thin boundary is actually a thin layer of space!"
Hearing Little Butterfly's words, Luo Zheng's expression changed. "That is to say, if I shatter it, it's equivalent to shattering a layer of space? How is that possible? "
Perhaps even a Divine Core warrior wouldn't be able to break the dimensional barrier. Perhaps only a Late Divine Core warrior would be able to do so.
"It's not that exaggerated. This space has been compressed to a very thin state. It is not a real spatial barrier. If it were a real spatial barrier, I would not have come here. There is simply no possibility of breaking it," Xiao Die said.
Originally, she was counting on Zhuo Bufan's spear to break the barrier. The most suitable person she had found was Zhuo Bufan.
The spear had the strongest penetrating force amongst all weapons, and Zhuo Bufan was also cultivating a powerful spear skill. His' Spear of Annihilation 'had a great chance of breaking the barrier. But, Little Butterfly felt it was safer to choose Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng had cultivated the Heavenly Fiend Fist, he could transform his energy into an endless amount of energy. And … she had a lot of energy.
"You can still use the Heavenly Fiend Fist, I'll transfer my energy to you." Little Butterfly gently raised her finger. Countless pure and thick energy streams flowed towards Luo Zheng like water.
After seeing this True Essence, Luo Zheng understood that the Azure Dragon's words were not false. Such pure and dense True Essence was absolutely not something a Divine Reflection disciple could possess. Although her cultivation had fallen and her strength had also been reduced, she was still much, much stronger than him …
Without saying anything, Luo Zheng summoned a Heavenly Fiend Phantom and shattered it into pieces. After that, he merged it with Little Butterfly's True Yuan.
Soon, the True Yuan was covered with a layer of dark purple, and was completely devoured by Luo Zheng's Heavenly Fiend True Yuan.
Little Butterfly was releasing her True Yuan at an incredible speed, but Luo Zheng's devouring speed wasn't slow either. In just an instant, he had devoured a huge amount of True Yuan, and it floated next to Luo Zheng.
"Is this enough?" Luo Zheng was about to compress his True Yuan. Although the barrier in front of him looked very sturdy, he didn't forget that he still had the Blood Jade Crystal. The Blood Jade Crystal's energy was specifically used to break barriers.
Little Butterfly shook her head. "Not enough! Again! " After that, Little Butterfly took out three or four top-grade True Yuan Stones and squeezed them hard, instantly absorbing the True Yuan from the top-grade True Yuan Stones.
The True Yuan contained in the top-grade True Yuan Stones was very pure. If Luo Zheng absorbed it with his Dantian, he was afraid that the True Yuan in one top-grade True Yuan Stone would not be able to bear it. However, Little Butterfly could absorb four of them in one go. It could be imagined that the amount of True Yuan Stones her Dantian could hold was much larger than Luo Zheng's.
After devouring the top-grade True Yuan Stones, she continued to release True Yuan for Luo Zheng to devour.
This was Little Butterfly's plan. Zhuo Bufan's spear might not be able to break the enchantment, but Luo Zheng's "Heavenly Devil God Fist", as long as he provided enough Vital Essence, could always break the enchantment.
After Luo Zheng absorbed the True Yuan, Little Butterfly said again, "Continue!" After that, she took out a few more top-grade True Yuan Stones and crushed them again.
After repeating this several times, the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan around Luo Zheng grew larger and larger.
Although this True Yuan couldn't be compared to the True Yuan he absorbed from the Black Devil Nightmares in the small world, it was still a decent amount.
During this process, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon became more and more irritable, and its attacks became fiercer and fiercer, as if it wanted to break through the Ice Phoenix's barrier. Little Butterfly couldn't afford to be distracted, so she could only focus on controlling the Ice Phoenix to stop the Soul Departing Fire Dragon.
"Go, I hope you can break this barrier with a single strike!"
The last time Little Butterfly came here, she had failed at the last step. She wanted to break the barrier, but this Fire Dragon was here to disturb her. Not only did Little Butterfly come prepared for this, she even brought Luo Zheng here to help her. She had to succeed with a single strike.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, causing the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan to start rolling and compressing into his palm.
When such a huge amount of True Yuan was compressed together, the power was extremely frightening. Using other people's True Yuan to compress it, the power of this punch was comparable to a Late Divine realm warrior's punch, or even an Early Divine Core warrior's punch!
Although this method was extremely powerful, and if there was enough energy or True Yuan for him to devour, the power of this method could be multiplied infinitely.
Of course, this was under ideal conditions. In a real battle, it was hard to find a chance to devour other people's True Yuan. Also, it took a long time to accumulate True Yuan, so it wasn't practical in a real battle. But right now, it was very suitable …
This Little Butterfly must have a deep understanding of the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan. While thinking about this, Luo Zheng compressed the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan to its limit, and even the starlight within it was compressed. When the starlight was embedded within the dense True Yuan, they looked like dazzling diamonds.
"Let's go!" Luo Zheng forced himself to break through the barrier and dashed forward.
Right at this moment, Little Butterfly's chest was heaving up and down, and her breathing was disordered. She had been waiting for this moment for a long time, as obtaining the inheritance of a Sixth Grade Sect was extremely important to her.
However, right when Luo Zheng punched out his fist, he suddenly stopped.
"Why did you stop?" Little Butterfly furrowed her brows and asked.
Luo Zheng stared at the black True Yuan on his right hand and said, "I forgot something."
"What is it?" Little Butterfly said angrily. Even the Ice Phoenix was somewhat unstable. She didn't want any unexpected problems to arise at this time.
"I helped you obtain this key. What if you kill me?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"You …" Little Butterfly's face suddenly turned cold.
Luo Zheng asked a very realistic question. The world of martial artists was known for its cruelty, and killing people for treasures was as common as eating a meal. Not to mention, the crystal in front of him was the inheritance of a Sixth Grade Sect. A Sixth Grade Sect's inheritance was enough to tempt any force in the Central Domain!
There was no guarantee that Little Butterfly would kill him after obtaining this inheritance. For her, this was the safest way. Only the dead could keep secrets.
Luo Zheng had always been very obedient, but this didn't mean that he was a fool. He had no reason to trust this Little Butterfly of unknown origins.
"Don't worry, I won't kill you. I can even give you benefits, because I am …" Little Butterfly thought for a moment, and her face revealed a hesitant look.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't care who you are. You have a reason to kill me, so no matter what you say, it's not safe, unless you swear on your Martial Heart!"
No one was willing to swear on their Martial Heart, unless it was a life and death enemy, or something they had to do.
Swearing on the Martial Heart was more effective than swearing on the Heavens. Who cares about being struck by lightning? How could one be smashed to pieces? Heaven didn't have time to care about these trivial matters!
However, after swearing on the Martial Heart, a heart demon would form in one's heart. If one violated this oath, this heart demon might erupt at any time and devour one. Even if one resisted this heart demon, it would be even more difficult to make progress on the Martial Path in the future!
Therefore, it was very taboo for martial artists to swear on their Martial Heart. Similarly, swearing on the Martial Heart would have a strong enough restriction on oneself.
"Do you think you are qualified to make me swear on my Martial Heart?" Little Butterfly sneered and stared at Luo Zheng. She didn't expect this brat to play such a trick at such a critical time.
"If that's the case, does that mean I don't have to break the barrier?" Luo Zheng said with a sigh.
"You dare!" Little Butterfly said angrily.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, "Why wouldn't I dare …"
After figuring out the structure of this flood dragon, Luo Zheng also knew that as long as he didn't wander around in this flood dragon's body, there shouldn't be any danger to his life. As long as he could find a way out, there was no need to waste time here with her.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to leave, Little Butterfly was busy dealing with the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit. For a moment, she was a little flustered. How could she know that such a turn of events would occur at such a critical time?

Chapter 380
Luo Zheng revealed a satisfied smile and said, "One more thing, I want half of all the inheritances of this Rank 6 Sect."
"Half?" Xiao Die's face began to emit a murderous aura, "Half of a Rank 6 Sect's inheritance, do you know what that means? You'll be stuffed to death! "
The Cloud Hall was only a Rank 4 Sect, and in the vast Central Domain, it could be considered a top Sect.
If this Rank 6 Sect was still standing, then all the Sects and various forces in the Central Domain would have to bow down to it, because there was only one Rank 5 Sect in the entire Central Domain.
Even if this Sixth Grade Sect of the Blood Demon Emperor had gone through a huge calamity, and with the passage of time, many of its inheritances might have been destroyed. But even so, the inheritances that were left behind were far from what the Cloud Hall could compare with.
Obviously, Xiao Die thought that Luo Zheng was too greedy.
Luo Zheng laughed, "Don't worry, I'm very magnanimous, I won't be stuffed to death! Of course, you can choose not to agree, but you can slowly play with that Fire Dragon! "
"Roar!"
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit let out a loud roar, and once again charged at the Ice Phoenix, causing it to sway from side to side. The ice on the Ice Phoenix's surface turned into steam from the high temperature.
Xiao Die could only calm her mind and instill cold Qi into the Ice Phoenix through the Jade.
It seemed that agreeing to this kid was her only choice, Xiao Die thought to herself. Thinking about it carefully, Luo Zheng's request seemed like an exorbitant demand, but with just him alone, how much inheritance could he get? What's more, he was a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and his heart was upright, not evil …
After thinking about it, Xiao Die seemed to have no other choice. Finally, she could only grit her teeth and say, "Fine, I agree! Half is half. I swear on my martial heart that I won't kill you, and at the same time, I'll give you half of this Rank 6 Sect's inheritance! "
Xiao Die said reluctantly. After all, she had plotted many times, and had entered the Trial Taker's Road three times to reach this point. It was hard for her to accept that she was going to be given half of it.
After hearing Xiao Die swear on her martial heart, Luo Zheng smiled, turned back to the barrier, and then punched the barrier with his left fist!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng's punch didn't cause any damage to the barrier, only leaving a red spider web on the barrier's surface.
In comparison, this barrier was much stronger than Yun Luo's barrier's barrier. Even the blood jade crystal's energy could only leave a very fine red spider web, which was almost indiscernible with the naked eye.
"Blood Jade's energy?" Little Butterfly's eyes darted around, her delicate and charming eyes filled with surprise.
How could this guy use the blood jade crystal's with his body Body's?
Not to mention the scarcity of blood jade crystals, they weren't widely used, so it was very difficult to get one. Even if one got one, it was usually embedded in one's weapon.
But how could Luo Zheng use the blood jade crystal's energy with his punch? Could it be that he embedded the blood jade crystal into his body? How was that possible?
Generally, many crystals rejected the human body, and some even contained poison. Even if the blood jade crystal wasn't poisonous, it would have a great impact on the human body. The fact that Luo Zheng could use the blood jade crystal's energy with his punch meant that he had really implanted the blood jade crystal into his body!
But how did he use this energy? His body wasn't a weapon …
Xiao Die could be considered an experienced and knowledgeable person. She could see through Luo Zheng's Cultivation Method and "Basic Swordsmanship" at a glance, but she couldn't see that Luo Zheng was actually a spiritual weapon. He was a weapon! Naturally, he could implant the blood jade crystal!
Although she was surprised, the possibility of using the blood jade crystal's energy to break the enchantment increased. Xiao Die also understood that she didn't choose the wrong person. How many secrets did this Luo Zheng have that she didn't know?
This enchantment was so stable that it was impossible to break it with just the blood jade crystal's energy, but it was enough to make a flaw appear in the enchantment!
Next …
"Break for me!"
This time, Luo Zheng's right fist blasted out, and the Heavenly Demon True Essence that had been compressed to the extreme was instantly released.
"Heavenly Demon God Fist!"
Because he had broken Yun Luo's enchantment before, Luo Zheng could be considered experienced. This fist followed the red spider web pattern, and the surging Heavenly Demon True Essence was like a torrent, pouring into the thin layer of enchantment.
This layer of enchantment contained a trace of space power and was really solid. Even if Luo Zheng did this, the enchantment still didn't break, but the entire interior of the enchantment was occupied by the Heavenly Demon True Essence.
At this time, Luo Zheng softly spat out a word, "Explode!"
The specks of starlight mixed in the Heavenly Demon True Essence suddenly exploded, blooming with a blazing white light, making it impossible to see anything.
"Clang Clang Clang Clang Clang …"
Cracks finally appeared on the enchantment, and then the cracks quickly spread from the bottom all the way to the top, and then it suddenly shattered.
"It's broken!"
Xiao Die, who had been suppressing the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit, was overjoyed. Her jade fingers gently pressed down, and the Ice Phoenix let out a cry, completely suppressing the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit.
But at this time, a purple light suddenly shuttled through, rushing straight into the furnace.
The speed of the purple light was extremely fast, but Luo Zheng and Xiao Die could see it clearly. It turned out to be a mini flood dragon.
"This is the essence of this flood dragon, Luo Zheng, catch it!" Qinglong's voice rang out.
But this little purple flood dragon obviously came prepared. The moment Luo Zheng broke the enchantment, it rushed into the furnace, hooked the crystal with its small tail, and began to flee!
"Hahaha, since I can get the inheritance of a Sixth Grade Sect, I can certainly reconstruct my body. I want to take back everything I lost!" The flood dragon's essence suddenly spoke human language, laughing shrilly.
How could Xiao Die be willing to let the flood dragon's essence snatch away the crystal she was about to get? No longer suppressing the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit, she hurriedly put the Ice Phoenix into the jade, turned around, and chased after the flood dragon's essence.
Luo Zheng also followed closely. Whether it was the crystal key or the flood dragon's essence, they were both things he needed!
However, the two of them didn't know that the Soul Departing Flame Dragon Essence that had lost the suppression of the Ice Phoenix had returned to the furnace. Soon after, the furnace was extinguished. But just as it was extinguished, a huge fire dragon suddenly shot out from inside! In an instant, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit's body increased tenfold, and it also chased after Luo Zheng and Xiao Die.
The flood dragon's essence was very small, about the size of an arm. Its tail wrapped around the crystal key, and its flying speed was not slow at all. Fortunately, although the flood dragon's body was spacious, it was a long and narrow inner world. It was difficult for the flood dragon's essence to get rid of Xiao Die and Luo Zheng's pursuit for a while.
Xiao Die was really angry. Previously, she had been blackmailed by Luo Zheng, and had to swear on her Martial Heart. She didn't expect that the thing she had not been able to get after so much effort would be taken away by the flood dragon's essence. This was too hateful!
She took out the precious jade and squeezed it hard. The azure top-grade precious jade was crushed just like that. The Ice Phoenix inside the precious jade regarded the precious jade as its resting place. Now that the precious jade was crushed, it could only float around Xiao Die's body.
Xiao Die chased after it while chanting, "Sparkling ice and frost, extreme cold sacred beast, use me as your spirit and descend into my body!"
The tiny Ice Phoenix let out a Phoenix cry and immediately rushed towards Xiaodie. The sparkling and translucent ice light instantly wrapped around Xiaodie's body. It was as if she was wearing an ice armor, and two Phoenix wings appeared on her back! And under the wings, there were even long phoenix feathers that dragged on the ground. It was like an evening dress made of ice crystals, extremely beautiful.
"Did Xiao Die and the small Ice Phoenix fuse together?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
After fusing together, Xiao Die's speed suddenly increased several times, and she shot toward the flood dragon's essence!
Her speed was already extremely fast. Even Red Maple's movement technique could not keep up with half of her speed. At this time, her speed increased again, and almost instantly left Luo Zheng behind. At the same time, she caught up with the small mini flood dragon's essence.
This was a good opportunity for the flood dragon's essence to turn over. It was not easy to free itself from the seal. Encountering such an opportunity, it would certainly not let it go easily. It held on tightly to the crystal key and flew away. Fortunately, it was a soul essence, so it was almost weightless, and its flying speed was not slow.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh, whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Xiao Die waved her hand, and a row of ice crystal thorns shot out. The flood dragon's essence moved up and down, constantly dodging the ice crystals.
The missing ice crystal thorns nailed to the wall, and a fierce cold force was released. Suddenly, the wall was wrapped in a layer of frost, and at the same time, the wall was frozen and cracked.
The extremely cold force contained in the ice crystal thorns was actually so terrifying. If he was pierced by the ice crystal thorns, he was afraid that his whole body would immediately turn into an ice sculpture!
Although the ice crystal thorns were powerful, the flood dragon's essence was too agile. Under the reflection of the ice crystal thorns, not a single ice crystal thorns hit. Fortunately, the ice crystal thorns slowed down the flood dragon's essence, and the distance between Xiao Die and it was getting closer and closer.
The flood dragon's essence probably understood that it could not get rid of Xiao Die, so it suddenly made a sharp turn in the air and drilled into a crack in the wall next to it.
Xiao Die did not even blink. She spread out her slender lotus root-like arms, and with the Ice Phoenix Possession, two thin ice blades instantly appeared in her hands. The two ice blades were like beautiful ice flowers as she quickly waved them, and in an instant, they shattered the wall and rushed in!
Luo Zheng's speed was not slow. He just sighed that Xiao Die was really fierce. He followed closely behind and drilled into the big hole that Xiao Die had created.
As soon as he entered, he felt that something was wrong.
This so-called wall was actually a piece of meat inside the flood dragon's body, and the space inside had obviously not been processed or treated. Everywhere was a wall made of soft meat.
And above this space, there were small round balls floating one after another.
Xiao Die held the ice blades in both hands, looked up, and then said: "You can't escape!"
After saying that, she jumped up, dragging her long Ice Phoenix feathers, and rushed up.
However, at this moment, those small balls suddenly fell from the sky. Xiao Die did not think, and the ice blades in her hands danced wildly, instantly cutting those small balls into pieces.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
The moment those small balls were cut into pieces, yellow smoke suddenly burst out from the small balls, and immediately diffused in this space. This smoke contained a strong fishy sweet smell, a strange fragrance, and a bloody smell.
The moment Xiao Die was surrounded by the smoke, the flood dragon's essence rolled towards Luo Zheng and screamed: "I'll take your body first!"

Chapter 381
Luo Zheng's goal was not only the crystal key, but also the flood dragon's soul. Luo Zheng had a starving Qinglong inside.
"Hey, this flood dragon's soul doesn't know what's good for it. Since it wants to possess you, let it in!" Qinglong's voice rang in Luo Zheng's ears.
Luo Zheng stood still and let the flood dragon's soul rush into his mind.
"Hahaha, this guy's soul is defenseless! When I devour your soul, your body will be mine! Although your body's cultivation is a little weak, its foundation is very solid. After I possess you and get the inheritance of this sixth-rank sect, I will definitely become an emperor! I will become the ruler of this world! "
The flood dragon's soul had been sealed for many years. When it entered Luo Zheng's mind, it laughed wildly as if it had gone mad.
However, what it said could really happen. The flood dragon's soul was far stronger than a human's soul. If the soul power of an ordinary person was not strong enough, they would not be able to resist its possession. Therefore, after entering Luo Zheng's mind, the flood dragon's soul was very proud of itself!
However, the Flood Dragon's Soul Essence's wild laughter came to an abrupt stop!
It saw a huge furnace. It was not afraid of the furnace, but it saw nine real dragons coiling around it! Each of them was very lifelike!
Among them, the Azure Dragon was looking at the mini Jiao Dragon in front of it with its dragon eyes.
"This, this, this … Real, Real Dragon!"
When a flood dragon met a Real Dragon, it would have an instinctive fear. That fear did not come from its strength, but from the fear in its blood!
Just like when a subordinate saw a superior, it would kneel down and worship. As a flood dragon, it was naturally much weaker than a Real Dragon. When it saw a real Real Dragon, the flood dragon's soul could not help but tremble. "Why is there a Real Dragon …"
The True Dragon above the mysterious furnace had no interest in talking to the essence of the flood dragon at all. If the nine True Dragons were in perfect condition, this level of flood dragon wouldn't even be enough to be their food.
But now that the nine Real Dragons were sealed, they had no choice but to eat this small flood dragon in front of them.
Therefore, Qinglong was willing to eat it, but it did not mean that the flood dragon's soul was very nourishing. It was like a homeless person who was starving to the limit and ate ants. It did not mean that the ants were delicious …
Qinglong opened its mouth and an invisible force pulled the flood dragon's soul over. The flood dragon's soul was sucked into Qinglong's mouth before it could scream.
After Qinglong swallowed it, the huge dragon's mouth chewed, and a satisfied expression appeared on his face. The flood dragon's soul was originally condensed from the flood dragon's soul and was of the same origin as Qinglong. It was the best way to nourish Qinglong's soul.
Luo Zheng did not care about the scene in his mind. In contrast, he was more concerned about the crystal key. When the flood dragon's soul appeared, the crystal key disappeared. Luo Zheng looked up and saw a flash. It turned out that the flood dragon's soul had hung the crystal key above.
The yellow powder in the air slowly dissipated, and Xiao Die walked out from the smoke. Her figure extended, and like a bird, she leaped into the air. She reached out and gently plucked the crystal key in her jade-like hand, and a faint smile appeared on her face.
She had waited for so long to get this crystal key. She did not expect that she would finally get it today.
But the moment she got the key, the head of a fire dragon suddenly poked in from the hole she destroyed!
"Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence! How can it be so big! "
Seeing such a big fire dragon, Luo Zheng and Xiao Die were shocked.
The power of this Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was not ordinary. Xiao Die had to be careful when dealing with a small Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence, so how could she deal with such a big one?
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence stared at the crystal key in Xiao Die's hand with a pair of fiery eyes. It suddenly roared and rushed over.
"Retreat!"
Seeing the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence rushing over, Xiao Die said with a dignified expression. Her delicate hand gently opened, and an icicle as tall as a person appeared on her wrist. Inside this crystal clear icicle was a small Ice Phoenix feather!
This was a real Ice Phoenix feather!
The small Ice Phoenix that Xiao Die summoned before was only visualized using her cultivation method. It was a "Visualization Spirit" that she cultivated.
Generally, many martial artists visualized all kinds of things, and after using them, they would dissipate. However, some people were able to cultivate a "Visualization Spirit". Xiao Die visualized this small Ice Phoenix for a long time, and this Ice Phoenix would never dissipate. It was like her pet, and its power was far stronger than ordinary visualized things.
However …
Although the Visualization Spirit was powerful, it could never be compared to a real Mythological Beast.
The Ice Phoenix was a Mythological Beast, and it was one of the more powerful Mythological Beasts. Just a single Ice Phoenix feather could erupt with terrifying power.
Little Butterfly placed her jade-like hand on the icicle. Suddenly, an extremely cold aura escaped from the icicle, forming layers of frost walls that rolled towards the Soul-departing Fire Dragon Essence at the entrance of the cave.
The mission of the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was to protect the ice crystal key. At this moment, it was desperate to take back the ice crystal key. Therefore, although the extremely cold aura was powerful, the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was not to be outdone. The frost walls quickly melted and thinned under the scorching heat of its flames. Soon after, they were smashed into pieces by the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence.
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence kept hitting the ice crystal walls, but Xiao Die kept summoning it through the icicle. The two sides were actually in a stalemate …
"It's so cold …" Luo Zheng wiped his arms. The temperature in this space dropped sharply, and the surroundings were already covered with a layer of white frost.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that his head was in a bit of a trance. The fire dragon at the entrance of the cave was constantly attacking the ice pillar. The fire flickered, reflecting Xiao Die's slightly mature face.
A few strands of long hair hung on both sides of her cheeks. The armor condensed from ice crystals neatly and delicately outlined her small collarbone. Originally, the loose outer robes of the Cloud Hall disciples couldn't reveal her figure, but because of the close-fitting ice crystal armor, her proud and upright twin peaks were protruding out.
For some reason, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly beat very fast. His thoughts became clear in a flash. He blamed himself for thinking inexplicably at this time. However, the clarity only lasted for a moment, and Luo Zheng's eyes became confused again.
Xiao Die also noticed Luo Zheng's strange gaze. She wrinkled her eyebrows and glared at Luo Zheng. Suddenly, her petite and well-proportioned body trembled. She placed her left hand on the icicle, constantly urging the cold aura of the Ice Phoenix feather inside the icicle. However, her right hand habitually pulled up her long hair, revealing her delicate and white ears.
Why do I feel hot and restless?
Xiao Die was also somewhat puzzled. She almost instinctively felt that there was a problem with her body. She also instinctively sensed that something was wrong, but she couldn't get rid of this restlessness because this restlessness came from the deepest part of her soul. It was almost an instinct of her body.
She felt thirsty and swallowed her saliva. She even felt that her body had an inexplicable dampness. She had lived for so many years and her heart was calm. She had never felt this way before.
However, her strong willpower suppressed this strange feeling. She forcefully clasped her hands on the icicle and seriously resisted the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence at the entrance of the hole …
Compared to Xiao Die, Luo Zheng's willpower was definitely much worse. His clarity became less and less, and the time he was confused became more and more. His body even involuntarily twisted, and he took the initiative to reach out and grab Xiao Die's hand.
As soon as Luo Zheng grabbed her jade-like hand, he felt that her palm was also damp. Her palm was full of sweat. In this cold space, her body was so warm. Xiao Die's delicate and round hand wanted to slightly break free, but she didn't push it away. Instead, she let Luo Zheng hold it.
Xiao Die diverted more of her attention from the icicle. Her pair of bright eyes seemed to contain endless spring water, exuding the most charming luster in the world. She stared straight at Luo Zheng.
"Ao!"
Another dragon roar came from the entrance of the hole. The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence actually broke through the frost wall and entered the hole.
"Ah!"
In this crisis, Xiao Die let out a shallow scream. Almost reflexively, she poured her True Essence into the icicle. The icicle suddenly erupted with several times more frost Qi than before, and forcibly drove the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence out.
Although it was so cold, it couldn't extinguish the restless hearts of the man and woman. The two people's hands were tightly intertwined. They were so strong that they seemed to want to break each other's hands. It was as if they wanted to solidify their hands together!
Both of them had never tasted this feeling before, so they could only use this method to relieve the mania and desire in their hearts.
Luo Zheng's eyes were no longer clear. He took a step forward and stretched out his other hand to embrace Xiao Die. Although Xiao Die knew that there was still a great crisis in front of her, she didn't resist at all.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a faint dragon roar in his mind. This dragon roar was directed at Luo Zheng's soul. Luo Zheng suddenly felt as if his head was being pricked by needles, and then he instantly returned to normal.
"I, what's wrong with me!" Luo Zheng withdrew Xiao Die's hand in the blink of an eye. His face was full of disbelief. He seemed to have been controlled by something just now.
Qinglong laughed, "I have already warned you. The flood dragon is lascivious by nature. This is actually the part of the flood dragon's sex sac. The yellow powder you just inhaled is an extremely powerful natural knockout drug!"
The flood dragon's sex sac was a natural knockout drug, and was also a panacea in the eyes of many lechers! Especially in the eyes of some warriors who practiced the Acacia Unification Skill, it was an excellent medicinal pill for cultivation!
Although this huge flood dragon was made into a puppet, the part where it stored its penis was not destroyed. Instead, it was because the flood dragon's soul had run all the way in and was cut open by Xiao Die. The powder was the most powerful kind of knockout drug. In the Central Region, the price of this powder was only one coin, and it could be sold for a sky-high price.
"Knockout drug!" Luo Zheng's eyes widened, "Am I not invulnerable to poison?"
"This is knockout drug, not poison. You naturally can't resist it," Qinglong said lightly.
Luo Zheng secretly sighed. Fortunately, Qinglong helped him to remove the effects of the knockout drug!
However, when Luo Zheng raised his head, he saw that it was Xiao Die who was trembling as she extended her slender jade-like hand towards him.
Luo Zheng patted his head. He forgot that she also inhaled a lot of the yellow powder, and the amount she inhaled was much more than him …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 382
Xiao Die's eyes were really beautiful, just like the autumn pupils of a mountain stream. The enchanting colors in her eyes were constantly rotating, exuding an amazing temptation.
Even though Luo Zheng was now in a sober state, when he looked into her eyes, his heart was thumping fiercely, and he was at a loss of what to do.
If there was not a Fire Dragon at the entrance of the cave, step by step, Luo Zheng would very much like to admire this extremely beautiful face. The problem was that the Fire Dragon could rush in at any time, and this was not the time to admire a woman.
"Hey, hey!" Luo Zheng grabbed Xiao Die's shoulder and shook it twice, as if he wanted to wake her up.
But Xiao Die seemed to have completely lost her mind, and only relied on her left hand to transmit True Essence, urging the Phoenix feather in the ice pillar, while her right hand took the opportunity to wipe Luo Zheng's face.
Her cold and moist little hand slowly rubbed Luo Zheng's face, transmitting the most primitive desire in her heart.
Luo Zheng swallowed his saliva, and was in a daze, God knows how this could happen! He was just about to continue to speak, trying to wake Xiao Die up, but who would have thought that just as he opened his mouth, her finger would reach into Luo Zheng's mouth.
Luo Zheng felt Xiao Die's cold fingers, as well as her sweet sweat, and his mind was suddenly in a mess.
In the end, he was still a seventeen or eighteen year old boy, and even if he was sober, it was difficult for him to resist this kind of temptation. For a moment, Luo Zheng could not help but kiss her white and slender fingers.
At this time, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon at the entrance of the cave roared again, and once again rushed into the cave.
Luo Zheng, as if awakened from a dream, anxiously bit down along Xiao Die's finger.
"Ah!" Under the stinging pain, Xiao Die's mind slightly recovered, and she instantly withdrew her right hand, and at the same time released a large amount of True Essence, forcing the Fire Dragon out.
Unfortunately, this kind of sobriety was destined to be short-lived, because just after the Fire Dragon was forced out, Xiao Die still turned her face to look at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was going crazy. Finally, he said helplessly, "Forget it, I will deal with that Soul Leaving Fiery Dragon Spirit myself!"
Then he moved sideways to avoid Xiao Die's outstretched hand, and his arm heavily chopped at the back of Xiao Die's white and delicate neck. Xiao Die's strength was too strong. Although Luo Zheng's aim was to stun her, he still used 60% of his strength.
"Boom!"
After a muffled sound, Xiao Die fell into Luo Zheng's arms. Luo Zheng hugged her warm and soft body, and the faint fragrance mixed with the cold air drifted into his nose. He really felt a little reluctant to let go of her.
However, he still put it down because Xiao Die had fainted and was unable to control the icicle. Without the suppression of the cold air, the fire dragon had completely rushed in. It stretched out its huge body and looked down at Luo Zheng.
This Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit had been attacking for a long time, and it was obviously very angry. It was determined to turn this man and woman in front of it into ashes.
"I shouldn't have let her attack in the first place!" Luo Zheng was a little annoyed.
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit roared and rushed toward Luo Zheng. However, the moment it rushed over, the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit suddenly felt a trace of danger, as if it had encountered its biggest nemesis!
However, the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit's intelligence was not high. Although it felt fear instinctively, it did not know the source of the fear. In its intelligence, there was only one command, and that was to protect the crystal key. The two people in front of it had taken the crystal key, so they must die!
"Chirp!"
At this moment, a black flame suddenly shot out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. The small black flame was like a black kingfisher, greeting the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit.
The two were not on the same level at all, but after the black flame rushed up, the flames on the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit's body were constantly shrinking. First, the dragon's head was quickly swallowed by the black flame, then the dragon's body, and finally the dragon's tail. The huge body of the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit was twisted into small flames, and turned into a thin flame tongue that was sucked into the black flame.
In an instant, the black flame cleaned up the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit. After circling in the air, it made a "chirp chirp" sound, and then flew back to between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
Everything returned to normal, and only the icicle with the phoenix feather was emitting white cold air.
Luo Zheng looked at the unconscious Xiao Die, and then reached out to hold her in his arms. Her body was very petite, and it felt very light when he held her. It was really hard to imagine that such a thin body actually contained such a strong explosive force.
After walking out of the cave, Luo Zheng leaned her against a wall outside and put her down.
The crisis was temporarily resolved, but Luo Zheng seemed to be unable to find the way out. It seemed that he still had to wait for her to wake up. He hoped that after she woke up, the effect of the knockout drug would wear off.
Luo Zheng sat next to her, cross-legged, and began to meditate. He could not keep looking at her in a daze. When she woke up, Luo Zheng adjusted his body and began to cultivate.
Usually, Luo Zheng could always immerse himself in cultivation very quickly. Once he entered that wonderful state, he would often forget the time. If he was not careful, several days and nights would pass.
But today, Luo Zheng found it difficult to concentrate. He would open his eyes from time to time and look at the woman in front of him.
Although Xiao Die had fainted, the ice crystal armor transformed from her ice phoenix did not disappear. The long phoenix tail wrapped around her legs, as if she was a phoenix curled up on the ground.
Her eyes were closed, and her dense and slender eyelashes trembled from time to time. It was unknown what kind of dream she was having.
Luo Zheng was originally a person with strong willpower. Whenever he cultivated, his mind would not be distracted, and there would not be the slightest distracting thought. But because of what happened next to the icicle today, it was difficult for him to suppress his restlessness.
It was really too torturous!
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only get up and return to the cave, and carry the icicle out again. Sitting next to the icicle, surrounded by layers of cold air, Luo Zheng's heart finally calmed down, and his whole person was once again immersed in cultivation.
This time, Luo Zheng was pulled into the flood dragon's mouth by Xiao Die. He did not get much benefit, but it nourished Qinglong and Hei Huo, which was not bad.
As Luo Zheng immersed himself in cultivation, time gradually passed …
After an unknown amount of time, Luo Zheng still had his eyes closed, and the vital essence in his body was circulating.
At this moment, a fierce wind suddenly hit him in the face. Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and saw a palm hit his chest. His whole body flew out horizontally and hit the wall heavily.
Xiao Die stood there, her long phoenix feathers scattered all over the ground. She gritted her silver teeth and asked sternly, "You, what did you do to me?"
Luo Zheng turned over and got up. He wiped his chest. The strength of this palm was not very strong, and he had the body of a high-grade spirit weapon. But being hit for no reason, Luo Zheng said with a depressed and very innocent face, "What did I do? I didn't do anything to you! You should ask me, what did you do to me? "
Hearing Luo Zheng's rhetorical question, Xiao Die's face turned red, but under the cover of a cold air, her face returned to normal.
Although she was in a daze at that time, how could she not remember what had just happened? She was very clear that the two of them did not cross any bottom line. But she, who was always high and mighty, still could not accept such a shameful thing!
Kill him?
According to Xiao Die's temper, Luo Zheng was definitely a person who must be killed!
But she suddenly remembered that she had sworn to her Martial Heart that she could not kill him.
For a moment, Xiao Die was also somewhat at a loss, and there was even some hesitation and confusion on her face.
If Fei Han and the others saw this expression on her face, they would be so surprised that their jaws would fall to the ground. This woman who was swift and decisive, who had been in the Central Domain for so many years, was actually hesitating? She was also confused?
After thinking about it, Xiao Die could not think of a solution. Finally, she gritted her teeth and said to Luo Zheng in a cold voice, "I hope you can forget about this matter! Give me the crystal key! Let's go get the treasure! "
Luo Zheng threw the crystal key to Xiao Die, curled his lips, and muttered, "Forget it, forget it, as if I have to remember it all the time …"
"What did you say?" Xiao Die turned around and said angrily.
"No … nothing."

Chapter 383
On the way back, both of them were silent as they traversed through the inner world of the flood dragon.
Perhaps it was because they were a little awkward, or perhaps it was because of their grudges.
The two of them walked up to the head of the Jiao Dragon. Luo Zheng looked at the tightly shut mouth of the Jiao Dragon. A few huge dragon teeth were intertwined together, and there were many runes carved on them. Most likely, the Demon Blood Emperor must have modified the dragon teeth when he was making this Jiao Dragon.
But with the dragon teeth tightly shut, how were they going to get out?
Even if they got out, most of the floating rocks above the abyss would have been destroyed. They couldn't fly either, and it would be difficult to climb up the abyss.
Luo Zheng was thinking about the problem of getting out when Xiao Die snorted coldly. She stabbed the crystal key into the wall beside her. This wall should be the back of the flood dragon's mouth, but it had been modified. There were many unique runes engraved on it.
Xiao Die followed those runes and stabbed the long and narrow crystal key in.
The moment it pierced in, Luo Zheng felt a tremor under his feet. Then, he heard the sound of chains scraping against the outside. He felt himself rising continuously. Xiao Die was actually controlling the flood dragon puppet!
Luo Gongzheng stared at Xiao Die in bewilderment. Xiao Die laughed coldly, "This Jiao Dragon Puppet is the guardian saint beast of the Demon Blood Emperor. It's normal for the key to control it."
As the chains scraped against the walls of the abyss, when the flood dragon puppet reached the peak, there was another violent tremor. At the same time, the sound of chains breaking could be heard. Clearly, Xiao Die was controlling the flood dragon puppet, and directly broke the chains binding the flood dragon's body.
Suddenly, a huge flood dragon appeared in the sky above the path of the Trial Challengers.
Zhuo Bufan, Hua Tianming, and the rest who had passed the Path of Death earlier, were now in front of everyone. After passing the Path of Death, they directly entered the fourth stage of the Trial Challengers' Road, the Soul-Shaking Icefield. They also discovered a hidden reward on the Soul-Shaking Icefield.
Their gains were especially great, especially Hua Tianming, who actually got a high-grade immortal weapon as a reward. Even Zhuo Bufan didn't get such a high reward. It could only be said that Hua Tianming's luck was even better than Zhuo Bufan's.
Just as they got the hidden reward and were about to move on, they suddenly saw a huge flood dragon appear in the sky …
The few of them were startled, and they looked at each other with horrified expressions.
Why did a flood dragon appear in the sky? Was it the flood dragon in the abyss? Didn't it swallowed the disciple of the Cloud Hall and Luo Zheng? Why did it rush into the sky …
They were full of doubts.
Looking at the flood dragon soaring in the sky, Zhuo Bufan sneered. "Don't worry about it, let's move on. After passing the Path of Death, our fourth stage of the Trial Challengers' Road will be different from others. There may be greater rewards later!"
Above the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, many martial artists had already stepped onto the path of survival. Although over a hundred stone pillars had been broken in the middle of this path, after formulating a careful plan, everyone still managed to pass through without any mishaps. Only one martial artist had been accidentally burned by the magma.
Just as everyone passed through the Path of Life, these warriors also saw the flood dragon in the sky.
"Heavens, what a huge dragon!"
"Why is there such a huge dragon in the Trial Challengers' Road? What is the purpose of this dragon … "
Many warriors looked at the huge flood dragon and felt a burst of fear and trepidation. Fortunately, the flood dragon kept moving away and didn't fly towards them. Otherwise, it would have brought disaster to them.
Outside the Trial Challengers' Road, Fei Han and the others noticed the gazes of many disciples and hurriedly adjusted the angle of the letter tablet to look at the sky.
On top of the letter tablet, a gigantic flood dragon appeared.
"This is a flood dragon, and it's an adult flood dragon that has lived for at least 50,000 years!" Seeing this huge flood dragon, Fei Han's face was also shocked. Fei Han could see the age of this flood dragon, but he couldn't see that this flood dragon was actually dead. It was just a flood dragon puppet.
"Why would a 50,000-year-old adult flood dragon appear on the Trial Challengers' Road?" The other Sect Masters also frowned.
Even they couldn't fight against this kind of thing, let alone the disciples on the Trial Challengers' Road. As long as this flood dragon wanted to, it could destroy all the disciples in an instant.
These Sect Masters and Fei Han probably knew the origin of this Trial Challengers' Road. Whether it was the ruins they were in or the Trial Challengers' Road, they were all left behind by a sixth-grade Sect. Since they were left behind, there must be some restriction or even a guardian sacred beast.
If a disciple accidentally activated this restriction and released the guardian sacred beast, the fate of the disciples on the Trial Challengers' Road could be imagined!
Even the guardian sacred beast might rush out of the Trial Challengers' Road and attack them, so they would be in danger.
"Fortunately, this adult flood dragon seems to have left …" Seeing the flood dragon disappear, several Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han were slightly relieved.
Little Butterfly constantly manipulated the flood dragon puppet to change its direction. She even took out a letter tablet from her bracelet. Through this letter tablet, she could observe the scenery outside. At this moment, they were soaring above the vast and boundless Burning Heaven Sea of Fire.
"What are you looking for?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Little Butterfly stared at Luo Zheng bitterly and didn't speak. The resentment in her heart was still very deep. She had never suffered such a big loss in her life, but she couldn't do anything to him!
She focused on controlling the flood dragon puppet, constantly searching the sky above the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. She searched very carefully.
"Found it!" Little Butterfly saw a lonely island in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. There was no passage on this island, so it was an isolated island.
Moreover, outside this isolated island, there was a huge blood-red barrier that enveloped the entire island.
"Go down." Little Butterfly immediately controlled the flood dragon to drill down. When the flood dragon rushed towards the blood-red barrier, a huge hole suddenly appeared on the barrier, and the flood dragon drilled into this hole.
There were many buildings on this island, and there was a huge square at the entrance. In the center of the square, there was a huge black pillar.
Just as Luo Zheng was wondering why such a pillar was erected in the square, Little Butterfly controlled the huge flood dragon to coil around the black pillar. Finally, the flood dragon's head crawled on the ground, and the dragon's mouth suddenly opened wide.
Walking out of the dragon's mouth, Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at the black pillar. It was only then that he understood that this was a Coiling Dragon Pillar. The gigantic body of a Jiao Dragon couldn't just lie down on the ground casually. Otherwise, it would take up too much space. The Blood Demon Emperor sure knew how to think of a way to construct a Coiling Dragon Pillar.
On this huge square, there was a huge hall. On the plaque above the hall were the words "Blood Demon Hall". It seemed like this was the Blood Demon Emperor's former residence.
Little Butterfly didn't choose to enter the Blood Demon Emperor's former residence directly. Instead, she walked towards a stone platform in the middle of the square. Her long Ice Phoenix feather dragged on the ground, and Luo Zheng followed closely behind her.
On this small stone platform, there was actually a two chi square crystal, emitting a faint glow. However, this crystal was missing a piece in the middle.
Little Butterfly looked around, then glared at Luo Zheng, and said, "You better get closer to the stone platform."
"Why?" Luo Zheng approached the stone platform.
Little Butterfly didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she directly placed the crystal key in the groove of the stone platform.
The moment the crystal was placed, the ground began to shake, as if there was an earthquake. The entire square shook non-stop.
"Rumble …"
During the shaking process, Luo Zheng saw spots of light on the ground. These spots of light weren't caused by the sun. In fact, there was no sun in this world. The spots of light on the ground should be some kind of special rune.
These runes were of different sizes. Some runes were like giant flower petals, while others were like rotating gears. Their shapes and sizes were all different.
The only similarity was that these runes were constantly rotating in one direction. When these runes reached a certain speed, from the center of the rune, a thin and long light would shoot out in all directions!
These thin and long light rays drew out arcs, as if they were connecting the entire trial path. What Luo Zheng didn't know was that one of these light rays was the hidden trial in the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire!
When the light rays shot towards the hidden trial, Zhao Xiaohua was lying on the second level of the stone platform. His entire body was burnt. If one didn't look carefully, it would be hard to imagine that he was a person.
In this mountain valley, the other disciples of the Cloud Hall had already left. Zhao Xiaohua was the last one to go up. He wanted to be fully prepared, so he had dragged it out until now.
Just like Luo Zheng and Red Maple, he had taken the first level's red treasure chest. Of course, he had consumed a lot of Zhen Yuan and physical strength, so Zhao Xiaohua had chosen to take advantage of the situation. In any case, this hidden trial didn't have a time limit, so he chose to sit here and meditate. First, he would restore his physical strength and physical condition to the best!
After spending a lot of time, Zhao Xiaohua finished recovering and climbed to the second level, full of confidence. That Xiantian third stage boy had been able to get the silver treasure chest. As a top disciple of the Cloud Hall, he couldn't even get the second level's blue treasure chest. This was simply a joke!
Therefore, facing the second level's cave that was filled with flame tongues and fireballs, he clenched his teeth and forcibly endured it!
After he had passed the second level's trial, Zhao Xiaohua was already exhausted and his body had suffered serious burns. The only thing that kept him going was the temptation of the blue treasure chest.
As long as he could get the blood soul of the Hydra, he would obtain a formidable power of Qi and blood, and his body would be able to recover in a short time!
However, his injuries were very serious, so his crawling speed on the stone platform was too slow. Even though he had only covered a distance of less than ten feet, it was as difficult as walking on the horizon.
"So what if it's difficult? For this Hydra blood soul, it's worth it! "He clenched his teeth and crawled forward.
After spending a lot of effort, he finally crawled to the front of the blue treasure chest. Just as he was about to reach out and open the treasure chest, suddenly a light ray shot down and enveloped the blue treasure chest.
Then, he saw the blue treasure chest hover and fly up along with the bright light ray … …

Chapter 384
How could Zhao Xiaohua have imagined that after spending so much effort to finally climb to the front of this blue treasure chest, it would disappear in the end?
In fact, it wasn't just that chest that flew away. All the chests flew away at the same time along that ray of light. Even the two gold and black treasure chests at the highest level were the same.
"What, what the hell is going on!" Zhao Xiaohua's face was full of bitterness. At this moment, he didn't even have the strength to curse.
This kind of thing didn't just happen in this valley.
On the fourth stage of the road of the Trial Taker, "Soul-Shaking Icefield", Zhuo Bufan had personally assassinated three Ice Demon Snowmen. Stepping on these three sick Ice Demon Snowmen, he had finally climbed to a new level.
In order to kill these three Ice Demon Snowmen, not only did he use his strongest skill, he even used the three amulets given to him by his father. There was no need to mention the value of these three amulets. He had never used them when he was facing a life and death crisis, but today, he threw them out without hesitation.
Zhuo Bufan was also helpless. The rewards in this dangerous place were very generous. The rewards after killing these three Ice Demon Snowmen should be far beyond his imagination.
When he climbed up the ice brick steps, what entered his eyes was a pool of blood that was emitting steam!
"This pool of blood …" He raised his head and looked at the wall beside him. There were a few words written in bold and flamboyant calligraphy, "Flood Dragon's Blood Pool".
Flood dragon's blood!
Although it was far from the blood of a real dragon, soaking in it would probably bring unimaginable benefits to his body.
Even if he had to spend those three amulets, it would definitely be worth it!
Zhuo Bufan was overjoyed. He quickly walked towards the pool of blood, but before he could get close, a ray of light suddenly shrouded the pool of blood. Then, the pool of blood flew along with the light …
"Hmm? Why is it flying? " Zhuo Bufan was not someone who would give up so easily. In the face of the sudden change, he was not fast enough. The long spear in his hand touched the ground, and he was about to catch up with the pool of blood. However, when he came into contact with the beam of light, he was fiercely bounced away and rolled down the ice brick steps.
"Brother Bufan! What's wrong with you? "Jin Qiaoning's expression changed greatly. She hurriedly rushed up and helped Zhuo Bufan up.
Out of the five of them, only Zhuo Bufan managed to pass the test on the Soul-Shaking Icefield. The three Ice Demon Snowmen were too strong. Even Zhuo Bufan had to use all his trump cards and almost paid the price of his life to pass. Just as he was about to succeed, he did not expect that the blood pool would fly away at the last moment!
"What, what the hell is going on!" Zhuo Bufan broke free from Jin Qiaoning's support, stared at the flying blood pool and roared unwillingly.
Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Red Maple looked at the sky with strange expressions on their faces. There was more than one ray of light in the sky. There were seven or eight rays of light crisscrossing in the sky. What was happening in the Trial Challenger's Road?
This kind of thing was happening in all the hidden trials of the Path of Trials. In addition to the Path of Death and the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, the Path of Life and even the numerous forks at the entrance also had light shining in.
With such a huge commotion, it was impossible for Elder Fei Han and the others to not know about it!
"What the hell is going on? Why is there such a strange movement in the Trial Challenger's Road? "Elder Fei Han said with a shocked expression." I have to report this matter directly to the Hall Master! "
Shi Jingtian looked at the light in the sky and shook his head. "Although the Trial Challenger's Road is a broken space, it would take at least hundreds of thousands or even millions of years for this space to be completely destroyed. So, it should still be in a relatively stable stage now. Why would there be such a huge movement? Could it be related to the adult dragon? "
"It's useless to report to the Hall Master. The Hall Master has been in seclusion and hasn't come out. He can't even see anyone," said the Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect.
"But what about the disciples who entered the Trial Challenger's Road? If this strange movement takes their lives, it will be the greatest loss to our Cloud Hall! "Grandmother Long said anxiously.
The Cloud Hall would select disciples from the Trial Challenger's Road every three years. Those who passed the Trial Challenger's Road would be able to enter the Cloud Hall and become an elite disciple. They would be trained by the Cloud Hall. If this batch of elite disciples were all killed, it would be a great loss to the Cloud Hall.
"Now, we can only wait and see. I hope this isn't a bad omen!" Fei Han's face was ashen. He looked at the scattered light in the sky through the letter tablet.
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the square, finally understood why Xiao Die asked him to stay closer to the stone platform.
He also understood why there were light spots in the square. It was these light spots that directly attracted the treasures and treasure chests that were originally scattered on the Trial Challenger's Road.
"Clang, clang …"
Several treasure chests fell heavily on the square.
"These treasure chests!" Luo Zheng's eyes widened. These dozen or so red treasure chests were the treasure chests hidden in the Trial Challenger's Road. Every time he obtained a red treasure chest, he had to pay a considerable price. He didn't expect that he would just casually throw them here.
"Clang, clang …"
Before Luo Zheng could recover from his shock, another six or seven blue treasure chests appeared. Then, there were three silver treasure chests. Then, there were two gold treasure chests. There was also a black treasure chest.
Seeing so many treasure chests, Luo Zheng's mouth was wide open. He had an extremely shocked expression on his face. Maintaining this expression all the way had already made his face stiff and numb.
Luo Zheng had only obtained a silver treasure chest. From it, he had obtained the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》, the Demon Blood Emperor's Saint Class cultivation technique. What exactly was inside the gold and black treasure chests?
The temptation inside could be said to be huge!
"You obtained one of the chests?" Xiao Die suddenly asked when she saw Luo Zheng staring at the treasure chests.
Luo Zheng nodded.
Xiao Die swept her gaze over the chests again. She discovered that one of the silver treasure chests was missing. There were only three left. She frowned, "You obtained three treasure chests? Were you the one who obtained the silver treasure chests? "
There were a total of five silver treasure chests in the hidden trial's valley. Previously, one of them had already been taken away. Now, there were only three left. This silver treasure chest had obviously been taken by someone else. That was why Xiao Die asked this question.
Seeing Luo Zheng nod, Xiao Die's face revealed an astonished expression. Xiao Die was very clear on how difficult it was to obtain these silver treasure chests.
Although she could obtain them with her strength, she had only tried once. Later on, she had an opportunity to understand the truth of the Trial Taker's Path. Since then, she didn't waste her time in the Burning Heaven Flame Sea's hidden trial.
After all, no matter how powerful she was, she wouldn't be able to obtain all of these treasure chests in one go. She might as well carry out this grand plan and directly open the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritance. She would obtain all the treasures on the Trial Taker's Path in one go!
If she wanted to take, she would take everything. She would take the best!
Luo Zheng was just about to walk over. Since half of these treasure chests were destined to belong to him, he should at least open one to take a look. He didn't expect that just as he took two steps, Xiao Die would suddenly pull him back.
Following which, a round object suddenly came crashing down from the sky with a loud bang. Even the big bricks on the ground of the square were smashed apart.
The object that fell from the sky was the blood pool!
Although the blood pool had been violently shaken and smashed down, the flood dragon's blood was incomparably viscous. Even the blood droplets that sputtered out eventually jumped back into the blood pool.
"This … What is this thing!?"
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what this blood pool was, just the aura emitted by the blood made Luo Zheng feel that it was extraordinary.
"It's just flood dragon's blood. I'll let you soak in it later. Don't walk around. Wait until the treasures are almost all dropped before you go!" Xiao Die said with dissatisfaction. She had a conflicted feeling in her heart. She clearly hated this guy, so why did she save him?
Wouldn't it be better if he was smashed to death by this blood pool? Anyway, as long as he wasn't killed by her, it wouldn't have any effect on her heart of martial arts!
However, his talent was worth nurturing. If he was really smashed to death by this blood pool, it would be an invisible loss to the Cloud Hall …
Just like that, Little Butterfly found a suitable excuse for herself.
"Bang!"
At this moment, something else fell from the sky. It was a fruit tree. There were ten fruits on this ancient tree, and each fruit was different in size and color.
When Xiao Die saw this fruit tree, a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on her face!
"The Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree!"
Xiao Die had never seen the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree before. This legendary fruit tree was probably the only one in the Central Domain who had seen it.
It was just that when Xiao Die had participated in the most famous underground auction in the Central Domain, she had seen a Dao Fruit by chance. That Dao Fruit had been stored for thousands of years, but it was still full and round. According to the auctioneer, this was a Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit!
It was said that there were only ten Heaven Extinction Dao Fruits in the world. After eating one, another would grow on the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree. It was impossible for an eleventh Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit to exist at the same time!
Moreover, each Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit had a different effect. But no matter which Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit it was, they all had miraculous effects and were rare treasures.
"I didn't expect, I didn't expect the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree to be planted in the path of the Trial Challengers. So it belonged to the Blood Demon Emperor. I didn't expect it either … the foundation of a sixth grade sect is really unimaginably deep!" Xiao Die murmured, "If the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree has ten Heaven Extinction Dao Fruits, then the one I saw in the underground auction must have been eaten by someone. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree to have ten Dao Fruits!"
Luo Zheng didn't know why Xiao Die was so happy, but he could figure it out with his feet. This ancient tree was definitely not ordinary. Anyway, half of the inheritance here belonged to him, so he could split it into five. There were ten fruits on this tree, so if he ate half of them, he would get five. It was very worthwhile, very worthwhile …
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about the taste of the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit, a shadow appeared in the sky. This shadow directly stabbed towards the ground!

Chapter 385
Just like that, the huge sword was stuck into the ground, and half of the blade was buried in the ground!
This huge sword was three meters tall and three feet wide. It was completely black, and there were some fine blood-red patterns on the black blade.
Just by being stuck in the ground, this huge black sword emitted a powerful aura, as though a ferocious beast was standing there.
Just the top half of the sword was about the same height as Luo Zheng. Such a huge sword, it was probably not meant for humans to use, right?
"This is the sword of the Demon Blood Emperor," Xiao Die glanced at the huge sword indifferently. In her eyes, even though this sword was precious, it was not suitable for her to use. Hence, she was not as interested in the Heaven Extinction Dao Tree.
In fact, this wasn't Xiao Die's first time seeing the Demon Blood Emperor's sword. This was because this sword was right at the entrance of the Path of the Trialtakers. As long as one passed the Path of the Trialtakers, they would be able to see this sword eventually.
Of course, there were many who tried to pull it out. Many Cloud Hall disciples tried, including those with innate strength, but they were all unable to pull it out.
The reason why this sword was too heavy was because no matter how heavy it was, a Divine Reflection disciple could barely pull it out. It was just that this sword was fixed to the ground by a barrier, and if one could not break the barrier, they would not be able to take it out. Hence, no one had been able to take it away.
Now that the sword was stuck in the square, the enchantment that bound the huge sword had also disappeared.
"The Demon Blood Emperor should be a human too. How could he use such a huge sword?" Luo Zheng stared at the sword and asked.
Even though with the Demon Blood Emperor's strength, it would not be difficult for him to wield this sword, but for a human to wield it, there would definitely be many inconveniences. Hence, Luo Zheng could not understand.
Xiao Die pouted, "Even though this sword belongs to the Demon Blood Emperor, who said that it has to be used by him? Could it be that the Demon Blood Emperor doesn't have a sword spirit? For example, if his sword spirit is a huge monster, or if he infuses it into the sword, it would naturally be a huge help to the Demon Blood Emperor … "
"Sword spirit?" Luo Zheng's heart shook when he heard Xiao Die's words.
The Sword of Flowing Light in his hand had been destroyed by the puppets, so Luo Zheng had always been using Blooddrinker. In this way, his sword spirit, Yao Ye, would not have a sword to use.
However, if Yao Ye were to use this sword ….
Even though Yao Ye was tall and slender, he was almost a head taller than Xiao Die, and about the same height as Luo Zheng, it would probably be very difficult for him to wield the sword.
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes shift, Little Butterfly sneered, "Don't tell me you also have a sword spirit …" Little Butterfly had seen Luo Zheng's perfect sword intent before, but the cultivation of sword intent and sword spirit were two different paths. Generally speaking, it was hard for Little Butterfly to imagine that a Xiantian lifeform could have a sword spirit.
As soon as she finished speaking, the specks of blood red light within Luo Zheng's body had already condensed into a human figure, and it slowly condensed into Yao Ye's slender and graceful figure. He had sharp ears, a practically perfect appearance, and a figure that was almost as tall as Luo Zheng ….
. "He really has a sword spirit!" Xiao Die sighed with emotion when she saw the red light float out from Luo Zheng's body. Even though she was sure of Luo Zheng's natural talent because even she didn't possess such ability when she was at the 3rd level of the Congenital Realm, Luo Zheng's hidden strength had greatly exceeded Xiao Die's imagination.
Not only did he possess a sword spirit, his sword spirit had even taken human form.
However, Xiao Die couldn't help but feel a trace of anger when she saw Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Yao Ye. "You really are a bastard. Even your sword spirit has transformed into a woman like this."
She was naturally referring to Yao Ye.
The Yao Ye Clan's habits and customs were completely different from humans. She wore very little clothing, and it was like a plant or a leaf that wrapped around her chest. At the same time, it shrunk down to reveal her slender waist. More than half of her snow white thighs were exposed, and her legs were simply ridiculously long.
In Xiao Die's eyes, she naturally became a 'woman like this' when she wore such revealing clothing.
Normally speaking, a sword spirit would take human form according to the obsession in the swordsman's heart. However, Luo Zheng's sword spirit came from a slightly special source, and it wasn't like what Xiao Die imagined at all.
Luo Zheng wanted to refute her words, but he didn't know where to start.
Actually, Xiao Die was naturally able to discern that Luo Zheng's sword spirit hadn't taken human form through the normal process of condensing a sword spirit.
Xiao Die walked in front of Sword Spirit Yao Ye, raised her head, and sized up Yao Ye's peerlessly beautiful face. She sneered, "Your Sword Spirit is already extremely condensed. If you know the 'Sword Spirit Sword Control Technique', you can indeed use the Blood Demon Emperor's enormous sword."
"The Sword Spirit Control Technique?" Luo Zheng asked with a puzzled expression.
"It means that a sword spirit can use a sword to fight. That way, the sword spirit wouldn't just strengthen its own sword, and it could even use it as a clone." Xiao Die gazed at Luo Zheng as if she was looking at an idiot.
Many swordsmen worked hard to nurture their own sword spirits because they hoped to use the sword spirit as a clone. Even though Luo Zheng possessed a sword spirit, he didn't seem to know anything about it.
"Are you talking about this?" Luo Zheng tossed his Blooddrinker to Yao Ye. Yao Ye's aura changed abruptly when she caught Luo Zheng's Blooddrinker.
When Yao Ye just stood there, she was like a block of wood that didn't have any expression or imposing aura. However, once she held a sword in her hand, her imposing aura was completely different. Strands of slaughter energy erupted from her, and then she executed a sword dance under Luo Zheng's orders.
Every single step, every single swing of the sword, every single glance, and every single sharp gaze was a part of the sword dance. It was a dance that was completely natural, and it seemed to be done casually. However, there were a myriad of stances, and it was extremely beautiful. Layers of killing intent were hidden within the enchanting and swift sword dance. Every single movement could take a life. At this moment, the sword and the dance had completely fused together.
"… …"
Xiao Die was stunned as she stared blankly at Yao Ye's sword dance.
The more powerful a person was, the more they could see the extraordinariness of the sword dance.
For example, Hua Tianming was able to discern that the sword dance was extraordinary, and Shi Jingtian was able to discern that the sword dance could be utilized to its limits. However, Xiao Die was much stronger than both of them. As a renowned figure in the Central Domain, she was actually unable to find any flaws in the sword dance, and the significance of this was completely different.
If she was a swordsman, she would definitely ask Luo Zheng to teach her this sword dance!
Luo Zheng stared at Xiao Die as he asked, "Is this considered a sword control technique?"
Xiao Die glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. This fellow is doing this on purpose, right? After that, she said, "It is! However, if you want to control the sword, you need to infuse a part of the sword spirit into the sword to be able to drive it. "
With a command in Luo Zheng's heart, numerous red specks of light flickered out from Yao Ye's body, and then Yao Ye's body seemed to have dimmed down slightly once those specks of light were extracted from him.
After that, Luo Zheng poured those specks of light into the sword, and the fine markings on the sword started to emanate a red glow.
"Rise!"
Yao Ye flashed over under Luo Zheng's command, and his figure that was practically weightless leaped onto the sword's hilt. After that, his fair and slender hands grabbed the hilt lightly, and then the sword shook before he pulled it out by the roots.
The 3m long enormous sword was a colossus even to Yao Ye, and it didn't seem to be compatible with his figure at first glance. However, it was completely different when Yao Ye executed the sword dance smoothly. It was like he was born with the ability to control this enormous sword!
In the end, Yao Ye withdrew his attack and stabbed the sword firmly into the ground. After that, he transformed into specks of light from the sword spirit and returned to Luo Zheng's body along with the sword spirit within the sword.
"I'll take this sword!" Luo Zheng smiled. Obviously, he was very satisfied with this.
"I didn't say I wouldn't give it to you!" Xiao Die glared at him. Actually, even she felt that the sword was extremely suitable for Luo Zheng. If his sword spirit was equipped with this sword, then his strength would rise to a whole new level.
Meanwhile, the rays of light in the sky were growing dimmer and dimmer while bits and pieces of things were falling down incessantly.
For example, Crimson Lightning Violet Dark Iron, Meteoric Iron, and so on and so forth were falling down in piles. In the end, a medicinal field was drawn over by the rays of light. When the medicinal field arrived at a corner, Xiao Die's beautiful brows suddenly raised, and then she swiftly moved over.
The most important thing about spirit herbs was their age. The Blood Demon Emperor had left for so many years, so the spirit herbs within the medicinal field had probably been there for a few thousands of years without anyone taking care of them. If such rare spirit herbs could survive, then they would probably be able to be sold for an astronomical price!
"This medicinal field …." As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Xiao Die suddenly turned around and grabbed Luo Zheng before tossing him forcefully, "This medicinal field has nothing to do with you. Soak yourself in it!"
After Luo Zheng's figure soared into the air, he drew a parabola in the air before smashing heavily into the pool of blood. As soon as he fell in, Luo Zheng instantly felt a wave of boiling heat come from his skin!
The temperature of the flood dragon's blood is actually so high!
Since Luo Zheng obtained the Equipment Refinement Physique, he was able to endure the temperature of ordinary flames. However, the flood dragon's blood wasn't made of flames, yet it was able to make Luo Zheng feel boiling heat. It was extremely strange indeed.
However, this boiling heat only lasted for a while before he slowly adapted to the temperature. Not only did he not feel uncomfortable, but he also felt very comfortable, as if he was soaking in a hot spring.
Soaking in so much flood dragon's blood, Luo Zheng's pores all over his body opened and began to absorb the nutrients in the flood dragon's blood. Gradually, he closed his eyes and began to cultivate.
Seeing Luo Zheng concentrating on cultivating, Xiao Die pursed her lips and began to concentrate on tidying up the spirit herbs and spirit herbs in the medicinal field. This time, she wanted to restore her strength, but she still lacked several key herbs. She hoped to find them in this medicinal field.

Chapter 386
Luo Zheng's cultivation speed wasn't slow, but when compared to those geniuses, it wasn't outstanding.
Even when compared to those noble families in the Eastern Region, he was still inferior. For example, when Luo Zheng accepted his first mission from the Blue Cloud Sect, Meng Changjun was only at the first Xiantian realm, but when Luo Zheng saw him again, Meng Changjun was already at the fifth Xiantian realm.
But, in order to improve one's cultivation at such a rapid speed, one had to pay a price. If one used some pills to forcefully improve one's cultivation, one would have to pay the price of having an unstable foundation. Once one's foundation was unstable, it would affect one's future progress.
But, in the Eastern Region, Divine Reflection warriors were strong enough to dominate an area, and most of them had never thought about breaking through to the Divine Core realm, or even higher realms!
Luo Zheng's foundation was extremely solid, and when the time was right, Luo Zheng would suppress himself. When he couldn't suppress himself any longer, Luo Zheng would allow himself to break through. This was the same as overflowing with energy, and after accumulating a certain amount of energy, he would naturally break through to the next realm.
After stabilizing his cultivation, Luo Zheng didn't move around. He continued sitting in the Flood Dragon's blood pool, breathing out and meditating. Although the Flood Dragon wasn't a real dragon, its blood was still filled with powerful and pure energy. Allowing this energy to cleanse his body would bring him great benefits.
But, even Luo Zheng could only absorb a limited amount of the Flood Dragon's blood. The Flood Dragon's blood was extremely precious even in a Sixth Grade Sect, and that was why they used such an exquisite blood pool to store it. After absorbing the Flood Dragon's blood for so long, the amount of Flood Dragon's blood in the pool hadn't decreased by much.
Right at this moment, a chuckle suddenly sounded out in Luo Zheng's mind.
After Qinglong devoured the Flood Dragon's soul essence, it seemed like he had become more active. Perhaps it was because the Flood Dragon's soul essence had nourished his soul, allowing Qinglong to stay awake for longer periods of time.
"What are you laughing at?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That … this Flood Dragon's blood, can I devour it?" Qinglong asked with a smile on his face.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He didn't expect Qinglong to feel embarrassed. Before this, he would always try his best to get whatever he wanted.
Perhaps it was because he had just obtained the Flood Dragon's soul essence, as a True Dragon, he felt embarrassed to ask Luo Zheng for it.
"It's just that this flood dragon's blood doesn't belong to me alone. No matter how you look at it, half of it belongs to Little Butterfly." Luo Zheng's face revealed an awkward expression. In fact, Luo Zheng wanted to squeeze something out of this Azure Dragon.
Qinglong's blood's blood.'s blood Flood Flood Dragon's blood in the Flood Dragon's blood's blood,'t ''s's split split the Flood Flood Dragon's blood pool't.'t't't't''s it's blood't '' '''s blood to split, ''t's to't't's blood,''t ''t't't't't''t't't's blood, it ''t't't''t ''s???!
Qinglong '''t to '' '' '' '' ''s to to' to's to find? Although it was in Luo Zheng's mind, he only needed to sense it to recognize the value of these things.
In fact, in Qinglong's eyes, whether it was the Lunar Numbing Grass or this pool of Flood Dragon's blood, they were just trash. Even the extremely precious Tian Jue Dao Fruit Tree could only be evaluated as "average". If it weren't for his current situation, he would never've absorbed the Flood Dragon's blood. He cared so much about this pool of Flood Dragon's blood because he had no choice but to do so.
"But if I really absorb this pool of Flood Dragon's blood, I'm afraid that girl won't let me off easily," Luo Zheng said stubbornly, with a sly look in his eyes.
Qinglong pondered for a moment, then said, "Boy, tell me, what do you want? I can teach you! But you can't bear the Cultivation Methods of our True Dragon Tribe. If you want Cultivation Methods, I can't give you too many. Even if I give you, you won't be able to use them! "
"I didn't mean that. You said it yourself." This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to laugh.
"In that case, I'll teach you a set of methods of making runes! This set of methods can be regarded as the pinnacle of our True Dragon Tribe's attainments in runes, "Qinglong said.
In fact, Qinglong had long planned to teach Luo Zheng something. With Qinglong's knowledge and insight, even a little bit of knowledge could benefit Luo Zheng immensely. However, Luo Zheng's current cultivation and realm were too low. There were many things that Luo Zheng couldn't understand, or he couldn't use them.
However, the secret technique of making runes could be taught to Luo Zheng. After all, there were too many runes in this world, and there were many things that needed to be used. If Luo Zheng could become an outstanding runemaster, many troubles would become a lot easier.
For example, the Illusory Matrix Masters in the Eastern Region were actually a variant of runemasters. However, Illusory Matrix Masters used many unique runes to build Illusory Matrices. A large-scale Illusory Matrices usually consisted of hundreds of runes, or even thousands of runes. If they were disassembled, Illusory Matrix Masters should still be considered runemasters.
Refining weapons also required runes. Inserting some special runes during the refining process could greatly increase the success rate of refining weapons, and even increase the grade of weapons. Refining elixirs also required runes for the same reason as refining weapons.
Luo Zheng did have a way to make money, and that was the Heaven's Derivation Essence. He even once wanted to rely on the Heaven's Derivation Essence to become a weapon refiner. However, Luo Zheng had only mastered the smelting of weapons, and Luo Zheng had never tried the most important task of refining weapons.
Under such circumstances, it would be best if Qinglong was willing to teach him a set of rune secret techniques.
Therefore, as soon as Qinglong finished speaking, Luo Zheng immediately said with a smile, "That's great! You can absorb all the flood dragon's blood! Anyway, I've already absorbed it once. "
"You brat …" Facing Luo Zheng's open blackmail, even Qinglong was somewhat helpless.
Little Butterfly recorded all the spiritual herbs in the herb garden. She had to be especially careful when handling these spiritual herbs. If she touched them carelessly, it would often cause immeasurable losses. For example, if she touched the Cherry Cultivating Grass carelessly, its roots would let out a mournful cry like a baby, and then the grass would wither within a breath, completely losing its value. Another example was the Fire Dragon's Saliva. As long as she touched it slightly, she would be contaminated with fire poison, which was very difficult to expel.
After Little Butterfly finished handling these spiritual herbs according to a special method, she remembered that Luo Zheng was still soaking in the blood pool. There were a few spiritual herbs here that could be added to the blood pool, which could purify his Vital Essence, wash his Dantian, and stabilize his cultivation.
She was not a stingy person. Moreover, how could Little Butterfly not see Luo Zheng's potential? With such a cultivation, he already had a sword spirit that could transform. Such a person, if he grew up in the Cloud Hall, would have a limitless future. It was easy to imagine the benefits he would bring to the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, she dug out the spiritual herbs and walked to the side of the blood pool. Her pair of beautiful eyes glanced at it, and suddenly she was stunned.
"Where is the flood dragon blood!" Little Butterfly never thought that Luo Zheng would soak in it for a while, and the flood dragon blood would be gone. How could this be!
This flood dragon blood was not an ordinary thing! Even if it was not comparable to the True Dragon's blood, it was still extremely difficult for ordinary people to absorb it. It was already amazing if one could absorb dozens of drops of flood dragon blood after soaking in it once! Not to mention there was a flood dragon blood pool here! Not to mention Luo Zheng, even if she forcibly absorbed the flood dragon blood, she was afraid that her body would explode and she would die.
"Flood dragon blood? I was careless just now and absorbed it all! " Luo Zheng rubbed his head and laughed. He was a little embarrassed that he had given all the flood dragon blood to Qinglong.
"You! You really absorbed it … "Little Butterfly's eyes widened as she sized up Luo Zheng. No matter what, she could not imagine how Luo Zheng absorbed so much flood dragon blood.
However, Luo Zheng had been in the blood pool all this time, and he had no way to transfer the blood away. He should not be lying …
"A pool of flood dragon blood ah!" Little Butterfly's face revealed a gloomy expression. There was no need for her to soak in the flood dragon blood now, but if this pool of blood was placed in the Cloud Hall, it would be an excellent reward.
"We agreed to split it half. Since you have absorbed so much flood dragon blood, I don't need to give you those treasure chests!" Little Butterfly said angrily.
"How can you do this!" This time, Luo Zheng could not take it anymore. "You took away the spiritual herbs in the herb garden. Just the value of the Lunar Numbing Grass alone is worth more than this pool of flood dragon blood. Do you think I am a three year old child who can be easily fooled?"
"Are you still a man?! If you are so calculative, then won't you split the Demon Blood Emperor's giant sword in half! "Little Butterfly immediately retorted.
Therefore, this man and woman sat in the pile of Sixth Rank Sect inheritances and quarreled …
This quarrel did not last long. In the end, the two still decided to open the treasure chests first.
They would first determine what was in the gold and black treasure chests, and then discuss the distribution of the treasures.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 387
In the beginning, they agreed to split the treasures in half. Thus, Luo Zheng also received a share of the red and blue treasure chests.
After splitting the red treasure chests, Luo Zheng received seven. He already knew that the black substance in the red treasure chests was the soul essence refined from the Black Nightmare Essence. It could directly affect the soul without any side effects. It could be used to strengthen one's soul, or it could be used to exchange for good value.
The blue treasure chests were even more precious. The Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul. Luo Zheng took three out of the six blue treasure chests.
However, looking at the pile of blue treasure chests, Luo Zheng stared straight at Xiao Die.
"What are you looking at me for!"
Xiao Die's temper wasn't good. Although she promised to give Luo Zheng half of the inheritance, seeing so many good things being taken by Luo Zheng alone, it would be strange if Xiao Die didn't feel heartache! Fortunately, Xiao Die's heart of martial arts belonged to the more open-minded type. If it was a narrow-minded person, they would probably feel heartache at this moment.
"My spatial ring doesn't have enough space." Luo Zheng helplessly waved his hand.
Luo Zheng's spatial ring was still the first one. Xie Lang's spatial ring didn't have much space, but it was enough for Luo Zheng at that time.
Now, facing so many treasure chests, it was difficult to stuff them all in.
"Xiu!"
A silver light flashed towards Luo Zheng. It was a spatial ring that Xiao Die threw over.
Luo Zheng took it and checked it for a while. The space in the spatial ring gave him a fright. Looking at the vast space in the spatial ring, it could probably fit half of the island.
Just the value of this spatial ring was not cheap. Unfortunately, the design of the ring was for women. There was a small, lifelike phoenix on it.
"Not bad, this ring can be used for now." Luo Zheng laughed.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xiao Die's face was covered with a layer of cold air. This brat was really insatiable!
After splitting the red and blue treasure chests, Xiao Die opened the remaining three silver treasure chests.
As expected, the three silver treasure chests contained three soul jade slips. The jade slips recorded the cultivation techniques of the Demon Blood Emperor.
Luo Zheng already had the Demon Blood Emperor's ultimate skill, the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel. He didn't have much thoughts about the remaining three soul jade slips. After all, one shouldn't bite off more than one could chew.
Thus, Luo Zheng directly gave the three soul jade slips to Xiao Die. This made Xiao Die was very satisfied.
As for the three secret manuals of the Demon Blood Emperor, she probably wouldn't be able to cultivate them herself. However, if she were to use them as rewards, even the elders of the Cloud Hall would be willing to fight for them.
Controlling a fourth-rank sect was not an easy task, not to mention that there were five second-rank sects under the Cloud Palace. Among them, the Palace Masters, Elders, Deacons, and elite disciples of the Cloud Palace had to be paid and rewarded.
After the Silver Treasure Chest was opened, only two Gold Treasure Chests remained.
The first gold treasure chest contained a palm-sized golden stone inscription. Moreover, it was a damaged stone inscription.
Seeing this golden stone inscription, Xiao Die's eyes lit up again!
When Luo Zheng saw this small golden stone inscription, he couldn't pull his eyes away from it. This feeling was similar to when Luo Zheng saw the Sun, Moon, and Stars Diagram.
"You … can understand it again?" Xiao Die glared at Luo Zheng. She didn't believe it!
This golden stone inscription contained the Law of Space. Xiao Die could tell at a glance. In her Cloud Hall's exclusive Sumeru Space, there was such a stone inscription. Entering the Sumeru Space to visualize the stone inscription, if one's perception was strong, they could comprehend a little bit of the Law of Space.
The stone inscription in the Cloud Hall was also damaged. However, that stone inscription was green. The Law of Space it contained was far inferior to this golden stone inscription!
Generally speaking, only those who had comprehended a little of the Law of Space would have a greater chance of comprehending the Law of Space within the golden stone inscription.
If an ordinary martial artist came into contact with this stone inscription for the first time, they would treat it like an ordinary stone. If they picked it up from the ground, they would even throw it away.
When Xiao Die saw Luo Zheng pretending to stare at the golden stone inscription and comprehend it calmly, a mocking expression appeared on her face. She didn't believe that Luo Zheng could even comprehend the Law of Space!
At such a realm, not only did he cultivate Perfect Sword Intent, but his Sword Spirit Manifestation was also enough to make people speechless. Xiao Die could also feel that Luo Zheng's soul was far larger than others of the same realm. If he could really see through the Law of Space, then it was a bit too much.
However, Xiao Die's mocking and mischievous expression only lasted for ten breaths of time. After ten breaths of time, her expression froze and was replaced with surprise and disbelief …
After Luo Zheng entered the "Path of Death", he didn't display the power of Space. On the contrary, he used it once when he took the silver treasure chest. Elder Fei Han and the several Sect Masters knew this, but Xiao Die didn't.
She watched as the golden stone inscription's light slowly dimmed. It was clear that Luo Zheng had comprehended the power of Space within the golden stone inscription. He really was comprehending the Law of Space!
The power of Space contained within this type of stone inscription was not infinite. Just like the green stone inscription in the Cloud Hall, if the power of Space was abundant, it would emit a faint green light. If an Elder were to comprehend it once, the green light would dim and the stone inscription itself would need to be repaired. Only after the power of Space was restored could it be comprehended again.
This was also why the Cloud Hall strictly limited the time to comprehend the Space stone inscription.
The same was true for this broken golden stone inscription. When Luo Zheng was comprehending it, the golden light on it was constantly dissipating. This showed that Luo Zheng was really comprehending the Law of Space, so the power of Space on the golden stone inscription was constantly weakening.
Xiao Die originally planned to mock Luo Zheng, but now she didn't say anything. She once again evaluated the value of this young man in her heart.
When she first saw Luo Zheng, Xiao Die only felt that Luo Zheng was a top genius in a second-grade Sect. It was just that his cultivation was relatively low, but his future potential was great.
After all, each of the people in the Road of Death had great potential. Not to mention the most outstanding Zhuo Bufan, there was also the Blue Cloud Sect's Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and Jin Qiaoning. None of them could be underestimated.
But after Luo Zheng displayed the "Heavenly Demon God Fist" and even the perfect sword intent, Xiao Die's evaluation of Luo Zheng was higher than that of Zhuo Bufan. This was also for Xiao Die to drag Luo Zheng into the flood dragon's mouth at the last moment.
However, Luo Zheng's current performance had exceeded Xiao Die's imagination! Even the top disciple of the most powerful fifth-grade Sect in the Central Domain would find it difficult to compare with Luo Zheng!
The Eastern Domain was a barren land in Xiao Die's eyes. Over the years, there had not been any particularly amazing disciples. Xiao Die couldn't figure out why such an unusual person suddenly appeared in a second-grade Sect. Because whether it was the inheritance of cultivation methods or the investment of various resources, the disciples of the Eastern Domain could not even compare with one-tenth of the Central Domain!
It was like two long-distance runners. From the start, the warriors of the Eastern Domain had lost.
"Right, that Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence! That Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was not killed by me! Why … "Xiao Die's beautiful eyes widened again. She had actually forgotten about this matter!
At that time, Xiao Die had been drugged and her mind was not clear. She could not resist the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence at all! When she woke up, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence had disappeared. This could only mean one thing. The Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was killed by Luo Zheng.
However, Xiao Die had never been so close to a man for so many years. Just the memory made her feel embarrassed. She did not even dare to think about it, so the matter of the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was automatically ignored by her.
Now that she suddenly thought about it, Xiao Die naturally felt that something was wrong.
No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, after all, his cultivation was here. The giant Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was not something that Luo Zheng could deal with! So how did Luo Zheng do it? How did he kill the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence?
Xiao Die did not intend to ask. She guessed that Luo Zheng would not tell her either. However, Xiao Die was sure that Luo Zheng was hiding a huge secret.
"This young man will be famous in this continent in the future …" Watching Luo Zheng earnestly comprehending the golden stone inscription, Xiao Die thought in a daze.
After a long time, the light on the golden stone inscription gradually dimmed and finally disappeared. Luo Zheng's eyes were stained with a touch of gold. Obviously, he had comprehended a lot of Space Laws.
After looking away from the golden stone inscription, Luo Zheng looked at Xiao Die and smiled, "What did you just say?"
Xiao Die had originally wanted to taunt Luo Zheng by saying, "You can understand it?". However, Luo Zheng had already used his actions to slap Xiao Die's face. When he asked again, Xiao Die only coldly snorted. She was too lazy to talk nonsense with this arrogant guy. She turned her hand and opened another golden treasure chest.
Luo Zheng had no use for the item in this golden treasure chest. It was an array diagram, which was the Sect Protecting Great Array of the Sixth Grade Sect.
With such a Great Sect Protection Array, it could greatly enhance Cloud Palace's ability to defend against external enemies. Naturally, it was of great use to Little Butterfly. However, it was not a simple matter to set up a Great Sect Protection Array. Thus, the array diagram of the Great Sect Protection Array naturally belonged to her.
Luo Zheng did not say anything about this. The Sect Protecting Great Array was a good item, but it was worthless to him.
Now, only the last black treasure chest was left.
Even Xiao Die was very careful when opening the black treasure chest.
Red, blue, white, and gold treasure chests were considered normal. However, the last treasure chest was actually black, which made people feel strange.
If the Demon Blood Emperor had placed some mechanisms or even curses in it, the consequences of opening it would be unpredictable.
However, when he opened the black treasure chest, he saw a black oil lamp sitting peacefully inside.
This oil lamp was so inconspicuous that it looked like a small oil lamp used by ordinary people. Luo Zheng was puzzled, but Xiao Die's beautiful eyes were wide open.

Chapter 388
Luo Zheng didn't know what mysteries this black oil lamp held, but when Xiao Die saw it, she felt as if she was struck by lightning. In comparison, the Blood Demon Emperor's various inheritances were nothing.
Whether it was the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree or the Flood Dragon Blood, they were all the inheritances of a sixth rank sect.
Obtaining these inheritances might be able to bring the Cloud Hall to another level, but for the current Cloud Hall, it was just icing on the cake.
Because the Cloud Hall's strength was already rapidly increasing. Although it was a fourth rank sect, it was still one of the top fourth rank sects. As long as Xiao Die's strength increased and she mastered her techniques, it was very likely that the Cloud Hall would enter the ranks of fifth rank sects!
But this little oil lamp was different.
In a place tens of thousands of miles away from the Central Domain, in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there was a huge immortal tomb.
Just from the name alone, one could tell that this immortal tomb was the tomb of an immortal.
Even immortals couldn't escape the erosion of time. After becoming an immortal, their endless lifespan was almost unimaginably long, but they still couldn't resist the erosion of time.
If an immortal wanted to die, they had to go through the five signs of decay. When an immortal lived for tens of thousands of years or even tens of thousands of years, their body would have some irreversible changes. First, it would be 'dirty clothes', then 'wilting on the head', then 'sweating under the armpits', and finally 'stinking body'. When it evolved to 'not happy this seat', the immortal would die.
These five signs of decay were the so-called five signs of decay.
It was said that this immortal called Daoist Tian Miao was also an ascender of this great world. That year, this ascender roamed the upper realm for tens of thousands of years before returning to his homeland. At that time, this immortal had already stepped into the last sign of 'not happy this seat'.
A hundred years after returning to his homeland, he built a tomb for himself at the bottom of the Chaotic Astral Ocean and buried himself in it. Thus, this tomb was called Tian Miao Immortal Tomb.
Since it was an immortal's tomb, naturally there would be people who had designs on it. In this world, there were too many martial artists who were willing to take great risks, but there were also many who lost their lives for it! The Chaotic Astral Ocean was originally a forbidden area for humans, not to mention how powerful immortals were. Even if it was a graveyard, it was far from what ordinary martial artists could trespass.
For tens of thousands of years, numerous cultivators had gained nothing in the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb because not a single person had entered it, and the number of people who had died was innumerable.
After realising that they couldn't enter, the number of martial artists who had designs on this immortal tomb gradually decreased. Therefore, the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb was peacefully sleeping in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
But two thousand years ago, several small oil lamps suddenly appeared in the Central Domain. These oil lamps looked very ordinary, just like the oil lamps used by ordinary people. The only difference was that at the bottom of these oil lamps were the words "Heaven's Expanse".
Because of these two words, all kinds of rumors began to spread!
It was said that these oil lamps were the spirit guarding lamps of the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb. As long as nine oil lamps were lit at the same time, one would be able to enter the tomb through the oil lamps.
At that time, the experts in the Central Region had collected a total of six Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamps. These six Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamps were controlled by the experts of the Fourth-grade Sects and the Fifth-grade Sects.
In order to enter the tomb, these experts had discussed lighting up the spirit lamps at the same time. However, with only six spirit lamps, it was clearly impossible to open the tomb of the Misty Sky Immortal. As for the remaining three spirit lamps, they were nowhere to be found. The biggest possibility was that they had been lost among the common people, hidden in the hands of some hidden expert.
It was naturally wishful thinking to try and find such a small oil lamp in the vast Central Domain.
Therefore, the various sects finally came up with a solution, which was to set up a "Lantern Festival".
This "Lantern Festival" was held every year. To the common people, it was a festival where they lit up lanterns and released sky lanterns. This day was a grand event for children. Children carried all kinds of lanterns as they walked through the streets.
But to the experts of the Central Domain, it was the time to light up the spirit lamps of the immortal tomb!
They announced to the world that they hoped the person who had the lamp would be able to light up the spirit lamps at the same time!
At the edge of each immortal tomb spirit lamp, there was a small imprint. When the other spirit lamps were lit up, one of the imprints would light up.
Year after year, the Lantern Festival passed just like that. Two hundred years ago, only six of the spirit lanterns lit up during each Lantern Festival. This meant that only six spirit lanterns were lit up in the tomb.
However, one hundred and fifty years ago, during the Lantern Festival, seven spirit lamps lit up in the tomb! In other words, someone had obtained the seven lamps and was prepared to break into the immortal tomb. This was because he couldn't rule out the possibility that some people had obtained the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb, but because they were too weak, they didn't dare to enter the immortal tomb!
150 years ago, after the seven spirit lamps had been lit up, another 120 years passed. In other words, 30 years ago, the eighth spirit lamp was finally lit up!
In an instant, all the martial artists of the Central Domain felt their blood boil. Several fourth-grade and fifth-grade sects were fully prepared. They only needed to wait for the last spirit lamp to open the passage to the tomb. There were even rumors that the last spirit lamp would be lit up within three years!
Who would have thought that this wait would be 30 years?
"To think that after so many years of waiting, the last spirit lamp of the tomb would be in the hands of the Blood Demon Emperor … If I hadn't unlocked the inheritance of the Blood Demon Emperor, I'm afraid this spirit lamp would never have been lit." Xiao Die said faintly.
Hearing Xiao Die's explanation of the origin of the spirit lamps, Luo Zheng let out a long sigh. Who would have thought that an immortal tomb would be so attractive?
I wonder if this Misty Sky Immortal Tomb is related to that immortal abode? However, no matter how good the abode was, Luo Zheng was unable to open it with his current strength. He could only be considered as the temporary owner and could not use anything in the abode.
"This spirit lamp …" Luo Zheng pointed at the small oil lamp.
"The spirit lamp is mine …" Xiao Die dragged out her words. Probably because she saw Luo Zheng's dissatisfied expression, she continued, "You're from my Cloud Hall anyway. If there's a chance to light up this spirit lamp, I'll naturally bring you along."
"Who would believe you! Besides, are you from the Cloud Hall? Can you prove it? You haven't revealed your identity yet! "After hearing Xiao Die's words, Luo Zheng was even more certain of the importance of this spirit lamp. He would not give it up so easily.
Xiao Die glared at Luo Zheng again. "Do I look like a bad person?"
"Hiding your identity, changing your appearance, sneaking into the Trial Taker's Path, and scheming for the inheritance of the Demon Blood Emperor. Don't you think you look like a bad person?" Luo Zheng laughed.
It seemed that it would be very difficult to convince Luo Zheng. After thinking about it, she took out a token from her bracelet and threw it to Luo Zheng. "This is my voice transmission token. In the future, you can directly transmit your voice to me in the Cloud Hall!"
"The Cloud Hall's token?" The token that Xiao Die handed over was snow-white. On the back, there were white clouds engraved. In the center, there was a beautiful "Die" character.
A token alone was not enough to determine the authenticity of Xiao Die's identity. However, Luo Zheng had some guesses as to whether Xiao Die was from the Cloud Hall.
This was not Xiao Die's first time entering the Trial Taker's Path. Only the Cloud Hall and a few second-grade sects under the Cloud Hall had the authority to open it. If she was not from the Cloud Hall, it would not be so easy for her to sneak in.
However, Luo Zheng's action just now was to force Xiao Die to reveal her identity, so that he wouldn't have to guess. It seemed that she would rather give him the token than reveal her identity. Luo Zheng didn't have a good way to deal with this.
Most of the inheritance left behind by the Demon Blood Emperor was here. Although Xiao Die believed that this was not all of the inheritance of the Demon Blood Emperor, she believed that the Demon Blood Emperor had already ascended. These things that he left behind were just things that the Demon Blood Emperor could not use and were not the most important things.
However, just these things alone were enough to help Luo Zheng a lot.
As for the rest of the things, Luo Zheng used the female sumeru ring to store some of them. The rest of the things were temporarily taken away by Xiao Die.
After dividing up the various treasures in the plaza, Xiao Die once again entered the Blood Demon Hall to search around. She didn't find anything of value. Only then did she contentedly take out the crystal key from the stone platform in the plaza and board the flood dragon puppet.
Speaking of the inheritance of the Demon Blood Emperor, this flood dragon puppet was also a very important treasure. Although in Qinglong's eyes, because this puppet had already sucked away all of its blood and Qi, there was no value in devouring it. However, as a huge flood dragon puppet, it had an immeasurable value to the Cloud Hall.
For example, if there was a sect war, this flood dragon puppet was enough to become a weapon of war. With a dragon roar or even a sweep of its tail, it could cause immeasurable losses to the opposing sect.
Riding on the flood dragon puppet, they flew across the sky of the Road of the Trial Takers. Many warriors who were still struggling to move forward could only look up and worship it.
Of course, Zhuo Bufan and the others also saw the giant flood dragon in the sky. In fact, Zhuo Bufan had a little doubt. Was it possible that Luo Zheng and the mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall were not dead? Perhaps this flood dragon was a test on the Road of the Trial Takers? Or even a shortcut to directly pass through the Road of the Trial Takers?
After all, after Luo Zheng and the disciple of the Cloud Hall fell, this flood dragon appeared in the sky. There was a certain degree of coincidence in itself.
However, the possibility of this coincidence was not high! Zhuo Bufan did not believe that Luo Zheng and the disciple of the Cloud Hall could survive under such circumstances.
Zhuo Bufan did not think too much about it. He was not in the mood to think about it. He watched the blood pool fly away in front of his eyes, and he also wasted three amulets. This kind of blow almost made him lose interest in anything.
He was like a gambler who had lost all his fortune. He really did not have the mood to pay attention to whether others had won or lost.
After a while, the flood dragon puppet stopped at the exit of the Road of the Trial Takers. The huge dragon mouth opened, and Luo Zheng jumped down first. Luo Zheng looked back and asked, "Aren't you going out with me?"
Xiao Die smiled slightly, and then her expression suddenly changed. With a cold snort, she stretched out her hand and controlled the dragon mouth to bite him. The flood dragon shook its tail and flew into the sky again, leaving the baffled Luo Zheng standing in place.
This woman was really unreasonable. Luo Zheng shook his head and walked toward the vortex at the exit.
At this moment, Zhuo Bufan and the others were still moving forward on the fifth stage of the Road of the Trial Takers. Most of the warriors were concentrated on the fourth stage, and only one person was left alone at the end.

Chapter 389
Under the arched door, the Sect Leaders and Elder Fei Han had been waiting for a long time.
Among the five Sect Leaders, Shi Jingtian had the worst expression on his face.
The three disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had entered the Path of Death and there was no news of them. No one knew if they were dead or alive. The biggest possibility was that they had all been wiped out.
Only one disciple from the Lucky Cloud Sect, the Colorful Cloud Sect, and the Cloud Hall had entered. Although they were all elites, their situation was much better than the Blue Cloud Sect. At least their sects had not been wiped out.
Originally, Shi Jingtian had high hopes for them!
This year's three disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, no matter which one of them was taken out, they could be ranked first or second in other sects.
In this Path of Trials, the Blue Cloud Sect should be in the limelight and Shi Jingtian should be in the limelight.
However, because of the 'Path of Death', they had suffered heavy losses!
Shi Jingtian's expression was ugly. The other Sect Leaders and Fei Han were also silent.
Although Zhuo Bufan's death would not affect Elder Fei Han's position, Fei Han still had to personally explain to Mister Zhuo.
Amidst this silence, the crystal on the arched door suddenly lit up, and the whirlpool spun faster.
"Eh?" Elder Fei Han had a strange expression on his face. "What's going on? Someone came out? "
"How is that possible? It can't be so fast! "Shi Jingtian's face was also full of astonishment.
However, these Sect Leaders were all extremely intelligent people. How could their brains work so quickly? Through Xin Gui, they understood that most of the disciples were struggling at the end of the fourth stage. There was still the fifth stage of the Path of Trials before they could exit. It would take at least a few hours for them to come out.
If someone came out at this time … it would most likely be Zhuo Bufan and his group!
"They passed the Path of Death?"
Just as the Sect Leaders had this thought, a figure had already come out of the whirlpool.
"Luo Zheng!" Shi Jingtian exhaled fiercely and shouted.
At this moment, it was difficult for others to understand the excitement in this burly expert's heart.
He had always believed that Luo Zheng's luck was exuberant. Every step he took seemed to be arranged by the heavens. Therefore, when he learned that Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's younger sister, he suspected that Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's guide! After breaking through to the Divine Core realm, many warriors believed in fate, and they believed in something as intangible as luck.
From Shi Jingtian's point of view, Luo Yan's tragic experience seemed to have been deliberately arranged by fate, attracting Luo Zheng towards the peak of martial arts …
Even though it was just a conjecture, Shi Jingtian was willing to believe it. He felt that it was impossible for Luo Zheng to perish on the path of a trial challenger!
At this moment, Shi Jingtian had verified his conjecture. Naturally, he was very excited. What made him even more excited was that Luo Zheng had easily obtained first place in the Road of Trials!
The first place in the Road of Trials had always been taken by the disciples of the Cloud Hall. There had never been an exception since the ancient times.
Before this, Shi Jingtian didn't even dare think about it. But, Luo Zheng had easily broken through this barrier. Furthermore, his speed this time was ridiculously fast.
According to the previous speed, it would take about 160 True Origin Stones on top of the arched door to get the first place disciple to walk out. But this time, Luo Zheng had only used 100 True Origin Stones. Did he find some kind of shortcut?
Seeing Luo Zheng walk out, Granny Long from the Rosy Cloud Sect, the old man in white from the Lucky Cloud Sect, and the others stretched their necks as well, hoping to see Jin Qiaoning, Red Maple, and the others behind Luo Zheng.
After waiting for some time, they still didn't see any reaction from the whirlpool.
Granny Long's expression darkened. She dashed out like a ghost and arrived in front of Luo Zheng in an instant. She placed her dragon head walking stick on Luo Zheng's neck and asked with a stern voice, "Brat, where is Jin Qiaoning from the Rosy Cloud Sect?!"
How powerful was the energy of a Divine Core warrior?
Granny Long's strength was almost on par with Shi Jingtian's. The energy she unleashed was like a huge mountain pressing down on Luo Zheng, causing him to have a hard time breathing. If it was a weaker warrior who was suppressed like this, his qi and blood would be obstructed, and his chest would be constricted. In the worst case scenario, he would be severely injured and fall to the ground.
But, in the Path of Trials, Luo Zheng's soul had been strengthened, and his body had been soaked in the Flood Dragon's blood, and he had swallowed the Hydra's soul. Therefore, Luo Zheng's aura was only slightly affected, and his expression immediately returned to normal.
Old woman, I don't owe you anything. Luo Zheng was a stubborn man. If Granny Long asked him nicely, Luo Zheng would have told her about Jin Qiaoning. But, she insisted on suppressing him with her energy. A mocking expression emerged on Luo Zheng's face. With an indifferent tone, he said, "I don't know!"
"You don't know?" Granny Long sneered. "You obviously entered the Path of Death together with Zhuo Bufan and the others. Could it be that my eyes are crooked? Did I see wrongly? If you don't tell me, I'm afraid you won't be able to live peacefully today. I advise you to … "
Granny Long was halfway through her words when she suddenly felt an extremely dangerous feeling!
She took a deep breath and suddenly retreated. Then, a huge fist shadow exploded under her feet. A deep pit suddenly appeared under her feet. The floor tiles, stones, and soil under the tiles were all destroyed by the fist!
Shi Jingtian had unleashed his full strength in that punch. His face was dark and his eyes were wide open. Apparently, he was extremely furious. However, even though he was furious, he had controlled the strength of his punch with great precision. Luo Zheng was only a few feet away from Granny Long, but he was not affected by the punch at all.
"Wicked woman, do you really think that I, Shi Jingtian, am a Bodhisattva?" Shi Jingtian gritted his teeth and roared.
"You! You actually dared to attack me! Do you think that I'm afraid of you! " Granny Long waved her Dragon Head Walking Stick and was about to pounce on Shi Jingtian. Granny Long was shocked and angry. Shi Jingtian had used all of his strength in that punch. If she hadn't dodged in time, that punch would have seriously injured her. It might have even taken her life.
"Then you can try!" Shi Jingtian clenched his fists and stood still like a mountain with a sneer on his face.
"Enough!" Fei Han took a step forward and stood firmly between the two of them. He faced Granny Long and said coldly, "Granny Long, don't mess around! If you continue to mess around, I won't be polite anymore! "
Among these people, only Fei Han was an elder. Not only did he have a higher status, but his strength was also not something that Granny Long and Shi Jingtian could compare with.
Fei Han did not want to get angry at first. However, Granny Long kept on being unreasonable. Fei Han could not tolerate it any longer.
Luo Zheng was just a junior. He had just passed the Path of the Trial and was treated like this by Granny Long. Fei Han could not stand it anymore. Moreover, he liked Luo Zheng very much. Luo Zheng could shine anywhere. Even if he was in a fifth rank sect, he would still be treated as a core disciple. The fact that he could come to the Cloud Hall meant that he was one of the hopes of the Cloud Hall in the future.
"Elder Fei Han! I, Granny Long … "Granny Long wanted to argue but she did not dare to act rashly in front of Fei Han.
"Enough! Long Xiaohua, I'll say it again. Shut up and stay by the side obediently. Don't make me say it again! " Fei Han's words were getting more and more threatening. If Granny Long continued to talk nonsense, he would definitely punish her!
"Pfft …"
Hearing Elder Fei Han call out Granny Long's name, Luo Zheng could not help but laugh. He did not expect this old woman of the Rainbow Cloud Sect to have such a name.
Granny Long had a long black face. Even when she was young, she probably had nothing to do with the word 'flower'. Although Luo Zheng knew that it was immoral to call someone else's name, Luo Zheng really could not hold back.
In fact, Luo Zheng was not the only one who laughed. Hearing Fei Han call out Granny Long's name, the other sect leaders also had a smile on their faces. The white-robed old man of the Rainbow Cloud Sect laughed and shook his head.
Being ridiculed by a junior, Granny Long, who was easily angered, almost vomited blood. The wrinkles on her face deepened. She was going crazy.
But Fei Han was standing in front of her and had already warned her seriously. How could she dare to move?
Fei Han turned his head with a smile on his face. But soon, he said to Luo Zheng in a serious tone, "Luo Zheng, I know you entered the Path of Death. Didn't you have eight people in your group? Why didn't I see Zhuo Bufan and the others? "
Luo Zheng said, "We encountered some trouble in the Path of Death. In the end, I fell into one of the abyss. At that time, Zhuo Bufan and the others had already walked out of the Path of Death and didn't die. So I guess they should still be on the Path of Death. It won't be long before they come out."
Above the abyss was the exit of the Path of Death. With the top strength of Zhuo Bufan and the others, they should be able to pass through the Path of Death. The following Path of Death should not be too difficult for them.
Hearing Luo Zheng say that they had rushed out of the Path of Death, Fei Han breathed a sigh of relief. The expression on Granny Long's face also calmed down a little. Although the Path of Death was full of danger, under normal circumstances, not many disciples would die.
"You said you fell into the abyss. How did you pass through the Path of Death so quickly?" Fei Han asked again.
Fei Han and the other sect masters were also puzzled. Luo Zheng's speed was beyond common sense. Could it be that Luo Zheng found a shortcut in the abyss?
"Can I not say this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Oh, if you feel it's inconvenient to say, of course," Fei Han said with a smile.
In fact, the sect masters all wanted to know what this shortcut was. After all, the Path of Death was not the first time. If they knew how to take this shortcut, they could pass it on to the next batch of disciples in the next Path of Death three years later.
It was a pity that Luo Zheng did not say, so they did not ask on the spot. They also planned to ask Luo Zheng in the future. Anyway, he was bound to become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall. After all, he was a member of the Cloud Hall. As the deacons of the Cloud Hall, they still had a lot of opportunities.
Luo Zheng did not wait at the door with the sect masters. Instead, he walked a distance away, found an empty place to sit cross-legged, and continued to meditate.
Less than an hour later, the vortex under the arch suddenly began to rotate, and then Hua Tianming suddenly shot out from inside!
When Hua Tianming rushed out, the first person he saw was not Fei Han, nor the sect masters. His eyes fell on Luo Zheng, who was meditating not far away, and he was suddenly stunned.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 390
Their group was different from Luo Zheng, who was slowly walking out of the Trial Taker's Path.
Under Zhuo Bufan's leadership, the five of them finally completed the fifth stage of the Trial Taker's Path. After passing the test, there was a flat road that led directly to the end of the Trial Taker's Path.
At this point, who didn't want to fight for first place?
They had passed the Path of Death, which was a lot less than the Path of Life. It saved a lot of time, which meant that the first place was destined to be one of the five of them.
Zhuo Bufan was still immersed in the blow of missing the "blood pool" and did not react.
The first to recover was Red Maple. Although he was a little timid, his mind was extremely flexible. Moreover, his body movement was extremely outstanding, so he rushed to the front in an instant.
As soon as Baili Hongfeng rushed out, the rest of the people reacted and rushed out as well.
The last part of the journey was a competition of speed and endurance.
Red Maple was fast, and Zhuo Bufan was probably no match for him when he burst out, but his endurance was slightly lacking.
This journey was not short. In the first half of the journey, Red Maple left the four people behind him far behind.
In the middle, Zhuo Bufan still displayed his extraordinary speed and endurance, catching up little by little. In the end, Zhuo Bufan rushed to the front.
But at this moment, a strange scene happened. Red Maple's momentum suddenly changed, as if he had become a different person. His speed increased again, and at the same time, he took the initiative to attack Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan was naturally furious!
He had lost an opportunity and was already in a bad mood. Now, Zhuo Bufan's only pursuit was to get first place. He didn't expect that Red Maple would dare to make trouble for him. If a tiger did not show its power, it would be treated as a sick cat. So the two of them sprinted and actually fought in the process.
Of course, the two of them were not fighting desperately. They were more to obstruct each other's advance and slow down each other's sprinting speed.
As a result, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Jin Qiaoning caught up.
It was precisely because of the battle between Zhuo Bufan and Red Maple that Hua Tianming surpassed them and was the first to rush into the vortex.
Hua Tianming originally thought that he would be first place this time, so after he rushed out, he wanted to confirm whether the other disciples had already arrived. Therefore, his gaze quickly swept past Fei Han and the other sect leaders, but unexpectedly, he discovered that Luo Zheng was already sitting there steadily...
At this moment, Hua Tianming could not believe his eyes.
Luo Zheng sat there inexplicably as if he was performing a magic trick. This … was too outrageous.
No matter how one looked at it, this was inexplicable.
At that time, Hua Tianming had seen Luo Zheng fall into the abyss with her own eyes. Taking a step back, Luo Zheng was really lucky that he wasn't eaten by the flood dragon. It was impossible for him to walk ahead of her!
After Hua Tianming and the others passed through the Path of Death, they advanced almost without stopping! Because the Path of Death shortened the distance by a considerable amount, their speed could be said to be unprecedented. According to their imagination, the speed of the five people should have set a record.
In the end, Luo Zheng was already sitting there. Looking at him meditating and cultivating, it seemed that he had been waiting here for a long time.
How could Hua Tianming have imagined that Luo Zheng had directly flown over on the flood dragon puppet and wasted a lot of time in the middle to "share the spoils" with Little Butterfly?
Hua Tianming was in a daze when another person rushed out from behind him. It was Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan was panting heavily, his face full of irritation. After Red Maple's aura changed greatly, it was as if he had become a completely different person. He was very difficult to deal with, and it took him a lot of effort to get rid of that guy.
"Second …"
Zhuo Bufan really didn't want to accept this result. His life's creed was to be first in everything. Second was meaningless. Now that he had fallen behind Hua Tianming, he had no choice but to accept this fact.
It was all that Red Maple's fault. At the last moment, he was like a mad dog. He was clearly a very timid guy, but he suddenly went crazy. He was really difficult to deal with. He would deal with this guy when he reached the Cloud Hall!
Unexpectedly, Hua Tianming shook his head at Zhuo Bufan and said, "You're not second."
"I'm not second?" Zhuo Bufan was stunned. He obviously misunderstood Hua Tianming's meaning. He thought that Hua Tianming wanted to comfort him, such as "If Red Maple hadn't pestered you, you would definitely be first."
However, Hua Tianming immediately said, "You're third."
"Third?" Zhuo Bufan stared and asked, "Who's first?"
Hua Tianming pointed to Luo Zheng, who was not far away. "He's first."
Only then did Zhuo Bufan see Luo Zheng. His eyes suddenly widened to the size of copper bells. "He, he, he, Luo Zheng! How could he be here? Isn't this guy dead? "
Compared to Hua Tianming, Zhuo Bufan had more doubts in his heart!
Even in his dreams, he couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had been able to take first place and come out unscathed. Was that flood dragon just for fun?
Could it be … that the flood dragon had sent Luo Zheng here?
Zhuo Bufan was also a peerless genius. There was probably only one possibility left for Luo Zheng to be able to walk out of the Trial Taker's Path ahead of them. However, Zhuo Bufan couldn't understand why the flood dragon didn't eat Luo Zheng, but instead sent Luo Zheng to the entrance of the Trial Taker's Path.
Could it be that the flood dragon in the Trial Taker's Path was originally a shortcut, and it didn't eat people?
It had to be said that Zhuo Bufan was already very good to be able to deduce to this extent. Even if he racked his brains, he still couldn't figure out that the flood dragon was a puppet that was actually being controlled. Moreover, he'd never imagined that the pool of blood he'd obtained with great difficulty would be completely absorbed by Luo Zheng in the end. Moreover, he'd never imagined that the fortuitous encounters Luo Zheng obtained were very likely to belong to him, Zhuo Bufan!
It was only because Luo Zheng had appeared out of nowhere that Zhuo Bufan had missed the opportunity.
However, many things in this world were like this. Chances and coincidences could produce very different results. For example, even if Little Butterfly had pulled Zhuo Bufan into the abyss at that time, if Zhuo Bufan's white spear had been unable to break the boundary, he would have been unable to take away the Blood Demon Emperor's inheritance.
At this time, the vortex spun again, and this time, it was Red Maple who rushed out.
Zhuo Bufan was still thinking about Luo Zheng's problem. Now that he was facing Red Maple, he was furious. "Red Maple, how dare you stop me! I will make you pay the price! " Although he knew that even if he surpassed Hua Tianming, he still wouldn't be able to get first place, Zhuo Bufan couldn't take this lying down.
When Red Maple heard Zhuo Bufan's words, he smiled gloomily and said, "Hehe, so what if I stop you? What can you do to me? "
"You …" Zhuo Bufan wanted to have a good fight with Red Maple here.
At this time, the white-robed old man from the Lucky Cloud Sect said, "Red Maple, come over here!"
Red Maple was the direct disciple of the white-robed old man and the pride of the Lucky Cloud Sect. Naturally, the white-robed old man didn't want Red Maple to suffer. At the same time, he also knew that Zhuo Bufan was the son of Master Zhuo. Naturally, he didn't want to offend Master Zhuo. He could only call Red Maple over first, lest they really fight.
However, when Red Maple saw Luo Zheng, the third pair of eyes turned into the size of copper bells. When Red Maple saw that Luo Zheng was still alive, he was also surprised.
After Red Maple came out, Pei Tianyao was next, followed by Jin Qiaoning.
Pei Tianyao practiced Buddhist cultivation, so he wasn't very good at speed. Therefore, at the last moment, his speed was only slightly faster than Jin Qiaoning. The two of them rushed out of the vortex almost at the same time!
Therefore, two more pairs of eyes turned into the size of copper bells again. They stared at Luo Zheng in surprise.
"Why are you guys looking at me like that?" Fei Han couldn't stand it anymore. Although it was indeed surprising that Luo Zheng walked in front of them, they shouldn't stare at Luo Zheng as if he was a ghost. He wasn't a ghost!
When he saw Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He then got up from the ground and walked over to pat the two of them on the shoulder.
Now, the three people from the Blue Cloud Sect had passed the Trial Challenger's Road and obtained first, second, and fifth place respectively.
Shi Jingtian was so happy that he couldn't stop laughing. He didn't know what to say. He was a disciple of a second-grade sect and only had three spots. However, the three people he brought had all rushed into the top five. How could Shi Jingtian not be happy?
To Shi Jingtian, this was something that made him happier than finding a treasure himself!
However, at this moment, Zhuo Bufan suddenly asked in front of everyone. "Luo Zheng, didn't you fall into the abyss and get eaten by the flood dragon? Doesn't the flood dragon eat people? Didn't you ride the flood dragon to the finish line? What about the mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall? Isn't he with you? "
Zhuo Bufan unceremoniously asked the speculation in his heart. He knew that if he asked in private, Luo Zheng would definitely not tell him. However, if he asked Elder Fei Han and the other Sect Leaders, Luo Zheng would obediently tell him!
This was Zhuo Bufan's plan.
When Elder Fei Han and the other Sect Leaders heard that Luo Zheng was related to the flood dragon, they all looked at Luo Zheng.

Chapter 391
Several key disciples in the Road of Death had walked out of the Road of Cultivators alive and achieved good results. Whether it was Granny Long of the Colorful Clouds Sect or the white-robed old man of the Magic Cloud Sect, they were very happy. This was a happy situation for everyone.
Only the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master asked with an ugly expression, "Where is Zhou Cheng of my Misty Cloud Sect? Why don't I see him? "
Hearing the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master's question, Hua Tianming and the others were a little silent. In the end, it was Zhuo Bufan who said, "Zhou Cheng has fallen in the Road of Death."
At that time, Zhou Cheng was collecting the spiritual grass in the small world of the Road of Death, but in the end, he was directly swallowed by the Black Devil Nightmare and turned into a ghastly white bone.
In fact, when the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master saw several people come out one after another, but he didn't see Zhou Cheng, he had a faint premonition in his heart.
The world of martial artists was just so cruel. Zhou Cheng dared to follow Zhuo Bufan into the "Path of Death" and take risks. His courage had already surpassed the majority of the disciples. It was just a pity that Zhou Cheng's strength was still too weak. Even within the Misty Cloud Sect, Zhou Cheng was only ranked fourth.
Therefore, Zhou Cheng followed Zhuo Bufan into the Road of Death, which was a huge gamble. If he had won the gamble, then he could have at least obtained the sixth place in the Road of Cultivators. But in the end, he lost the gamble, and naturally paid the price with his life.
The Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master could only shake his head. He didn't know that Zhou Cheng's death was entirely due to his own greed. If he hadn't greedily picked that black spiritual grass, he probably wouldn't have been swallowed by the Black Devil Nightmare and lost his life.
After answering the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master, Zhuo Bufan turned his gaze to Luo Zheng. Zhuo Bufan naturally wouldn't let Luo Zheng go so easily. Besides, he was really very curious about what had happened to Luo Zheng, so he replied to Elder Fei Han, "Elder Fei Han, the reason why we look at Luo Zheng like this is because he should have been a dead man!"
"Dead man? What do you mean? "Fei Han asked curiously.
"In the last part of the Path of Death, we had to continuously climb up the floating rocks in a huge abyss. However, in the last stage, the five of us saw Luo Zheng being dragged down by that disciple of the Cloud Hall!" Zhuo Bufan stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile. He knew that if he asked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would definitely not tell the truth. However, if he pressured Luo Zheng through Elder Fei Han, the effect might be much better!
"Oh? Luo Zheng said that he did fall into an abyss, but he didn't say that he was dragged down by the Cloud Hall disciple. "Fei Han nodded.
If Luo Zheng didn't want to say it, Fei Han couldn't force Luo Zheng to say it. However, after hearing it from Zhuo Bufan, the Sect Masters understood that Luo Zheng was actually dragged down by that mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall.
Zhuo Bufan smiled and said, "Elder Fei Han, I guess Luo Zheng didn't say that there was a flood dragon at the bottom of this abyss, right?"
"What?" Hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Fei Han's expression changed.
Through Xin Gui's observation, Fei Han and the Sect Masters all knew that a huge flood dragon had appeared on the Path of Trial Takers. They also saw many rays of light in the sky. They guessed that a great change had occurred on the Path of Trial Takers. Otherwise, how could this flood dragon appear?
However, they didn't expect that this flood dragon was originally in the abyss.
"When we entered the abyss, we were chased by this flood dragon all the way. Obviously, this flood dragon wanted to swallow us. As for why Luo Zheng was dragged down by that disciple of the Cloud Hall and fell into the flood dragon's mouth, not only did he escape, but he also passed the Path of Trial Takers before us … I'm not too sure about this. Elder Fei Han, I'm afraid that you'll have to ask Luo Zheng!" With a big smile on his face, Zhuo Bufan stared at Luo Zheng's face, wanting to see his expression at this time.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to hear Zhuo Bufan's words, and there was no expression on his face!
It had to be said that Zhuo Bufan's words had indeed aroused the curiosity of the Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han.
Obviously, there must be some kind of connection between Luo Zheng, the flood dragon, and that disciple of the Cloud Hall. Otherwise, how could Luo Zheng be standing here?
Even Elder Fei Han would have to avoid an adult flood dragon. How could Luo Zheng survive after falling into the flood dragon's mouth? Luo Zheng's luck was good, but it shouldn't be so good, right? That flood dragon wasn't Luo Zheng's relative!
Even Shi Jingtian looked at Luo Zheng curiously, as if he wanted to hear the whole story from Luo Zheng.
Before Fei Han could speak, Luo Zheng took the initiative to salute Fei Han and said, "Elder Fei Han, forgive Luo Zheng for not being able to tell you the secret, because I promised that disciple of the Cloud Hall that I wouldn't tell you!"
Luo Zheng's words were very resolute and decisive, which was "not to say". Zhuo Bufan wanted to use Fei Han's name to force the truth out. This was too naive.
Fei Han looked at Luo Zheng and hesitated. After thinking for a while, he asked, "Luo Zheng, you naturally have your reasons for not wanting to tell me, but I have to ask you a question. Who is that disciple of the Cloud Hall? Is he a member of our Cloud Hall? "
The identity of that disciple of the Cloud Hall was related to the safety of the entire Cloud Hall. He had to know this clearly.
"It's possible that he is a member of the Cloud Hall, but he didn't even reveal his true identity to me," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
Fei Han sighed, "Everyone has their own secrets. The path of the Trial Taker is the foundation of our Cloud Hall's selection of elite disciples. Luo Zheng, I won't delve into this matter for the time being, but I hope you can give me an answer in the future."
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, glanced at Zhuo Bufan's face, and then stood aside.
Looking at Luo Zheng's eyes, Zhuo Bufan secretly gritted his teeth. He didn't expect that as an elder, Fei Han would be so polite to Luo Zheng!
However, he didn't know that in Fei Han's mind, Luo Zheng's future potential and importance had already surpassed Zhuo Bufan's. Fei Han didn't want to force Luo Zheng to tell the truth. For Fei Han, no matter what opportunity Luo Zheng had obtained, what did it have to do with him? As an elder, Fei Han wouldn't do such a stupid thing to offend an elite of the Cloud Hall with great potential for this matter.
Luo Zheng refused to say anything, and the others couldn't pry open his mouth, so this topic was put aside for the time being.
Several disciples also returned to their respective sect masters, waiting for the warriors on the Trial Takers' Road to appear.
After a few more hours, a grey shadow suddenly appeared in the distance of the ruins. The grey shadow was also very fast, and its flying speed was sometimes fast and sometimes slow, sometimes far and sometimes close, making it difficult for people to catch up to it.
Fei Han nodded when he saw the gray shadow. "I didn't expect Mister Zhuo to come."
When Zhuo Bufan saw the gray shadow, a smile immediately appeared on his face, and he shouted to the gray shadow in the distance, "Father!"
He was dressed in gray and had an extraordinary bearing. His aura was restrained, so people couldn't see the depth of his strength. This kind of person was obviously at the same level as Fei Han.
"Fei Han!" Mister Zhuo cupped his hands to Fei Han, and Fei Han hurriedly returned the salute.
The sect masters also hurriedly saluted, "Greetings, Mister Zhuo!"
"Yes!" Mister Zhuo just nodded slightly in the face of the sect masters' salute, and then he asked, "Bufan, what's your rank?"
Hearing his father's question, Zhuo Bufan's face darkened, and then he said, "Bufan is incompetent. I only got third place on the Trial Takers' Road."
"Yes?" Mister Zhuo was a little surprised by this result. From Zhuo Bufan's mouth, he always heard "first place". When did he get third place?
Ever since he was a child, even the rice that Zhuo Bufan had eaten was the specially provided "Dragon Blood Rice". Each grain was plump and bright red. Although there was not much power of Qi and blood contained in it, if he ate it every day for ten years, one could imagine the benefits it brought to his body.
However, this Dragon Blood Rice was expensive. Even the emperor of the Eastern Region's Fentian Palace couldn't eat it every meal.
But Zhuo Bufan never stopped eating!
From rice, to vegetables, to cultivation methods, and the people who taught him martial arts, which one of them wasn't a top existence?
Mister Zhuo had poured too many things into Zhuo Bufan. Moreover, Zhuo Bufan had inherited Mister Zhuo's talent and comprehended Perfect Spear Intent …
With such a foundation, it was very strange that Zhuo Bufan couldn't get first place. Therefore, since he was young, Zhuo Bufan had never been defeated among his peers.
Mister Zhuo was also very concerned about this Trial Takers' Road, but he didn't come because he had something to do. After he finished his business and rushed over, he actually heard his son say "third place".
Mister Zhuo was naturally surprised.
Among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, who could beat my son Bufan? That Zhao Xiaohua from the South Prince Zhao family? Impossible. Since no one in the Cloud Hall could beat Zhuo Bufan, those disciples from the second-grade sects were not qualified at all.
"Who got first place?" Mister Zhuo asked.
Zhuo Bufan pointed to Luo Zheng who was not far away.
When Mister Zhuo found that Luo Zheng was only at the fourth stage of the Xiantian Realm, he obviously frowned.
Seeing this expression on Mister Zhuo's face, Fei Han had a bad premonition in his heart. Fei Han knew Mister Zhuo's temper. This person was not a magnanimous person. What's more, Luo Zheng had defeated Zhuo Bufan and got first place. He was afraid that Mister Zhuo would make things difficult for Luo Zheng, a junior.
Shi Jingtian also noticed this problem, but as a deacon of the Cloud Hall, he didn't even have the right to speak in front of Mister Zhuo.
Then everyone saw Zhuo Bufan whisper something to Mister Zhuo. After that, Mister Zhuo showed a faint smile on his face and then walked towards Luo Zheng.
Only at the fourth stage of the Xiantian Realm, he got first place on the Trial Takers' Road? Was this a joke? After listening to his son's words, Mister Zhuo understood that Luo Zheng was just lucky.

Chapter 392
Mister Zhuo's words were so overbearing that there was no room for negotiation.
He said it word for word, and the subtext was that Luo Zheng could not hide anything.
Mister Zhuo felt that his words were polite. His position was different from Fei Han's. Fei Han was old. Although he was still an elder, his main role was to help the Cloud Hall find elite disciples. But Mister Zhuo was different. He was at the peak of his strength and was the mainstay of the Cloud Hall. He did not put Luo Zheng in his eyes at all. If Luo Zheng had not won first place, his attitude at this time would have been even worse.
Mister Zhuo also knew about the treasures in the Trial Taker's Road. Anyone would be tempted by the inheritance of a sixth-grade sect.
Zhuo Bufan had just told him that not only did a flood dragon appear in the Trial Taker's Road, but also countless rays of light appeared out of thin air. It seemed that all the inheritance treasures were gathered in one place.
Mister Zhuo could not enter the Trial Taker's Road, but his son still had a chance.
The Trial Taker's Road could only be opened once every three years, but that was because the cost of opening it was huge. A few hundred top-grade True Meta Stones was not a small amount. If he could squeeze some useful information out of Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo would take out the money and reopen the Trial Taker's Road. It was not impossible for Zhuo Bufan to enter again.
As long as he could get a part of the inheritance of a sixth-grade sect, it would be a big profit.
As soon as Mister Zhuo said this, everyone's eyes focused on Luo Zheng.
Zhuo Bufan sneered. "You didn't say anything when I asked you before. Now that my father is here, I'm forcing you to say it. You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit!"
Shi Jingtian and Fei Han's faces were a little gloomy, but they were silent. They did not want to offend Mister Zhuo. As for the other sect leaders, they naturally had an indifferent attitude. Anyway, Luo Zheng was not a disciple of their sect, and they were also curious about Luo Zheng's experience in the Trial Taker's Road.
As for Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, they could only sigh in their hearts. This time, Luo Zheng had no choice but to bow his head.
Luo Zheng blinked and stared at Mister Zhuo. Suddenly, he said, "Mister Zhuo, I was able to walk out of the Trial Taker's path because of my own luck. Why should I tell you everything? Why should I tell you? "
Mister Zhuo originally thought that Luo Zheng would tell the truth honestly, or perhaps hide a part of the truth. But he never thought that Luo Zheng would say these words so decisively!
Who do you think you are? Why should I tell you?
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the faces of the five Sect Leaders and Fei Han changed dramatically.
This brat wanted to poke a hole in the sky! Mister Zhuo had always had a bad temper. Even those deacons in the Cloud Hall would tremble with fear when they saw Mister Zhuo. But, Luo Zheng, a junior who hadn't even become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall, actually dared to speak in such a manner …
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng had confirmed Mister Zhuo's status and strength. Right now, they were admiring Luo Zheng's courage, but at the same time, they were worried for Luo Zheng.
Zhuo Bufan was stunned as well. He felt like he was still in a dream.
Ever since he was young, no one had ever dared to speak in such a manner in front of his father. Not to mention a puny Xiantian realm warrior, even a Divine Core warrior wouldn't dare to speak in front of his father. This Luo Zheng was really …
Zhuo Bufan could feel his father's anger, and he knew that Luo Zheng was already a dead man. Right now, even though Zhuo Bufan was Mister Zhuo's son, he didn't dare say anything. He was afraid that if he angered his father, he would suffer as well.
"Why should I …" Mister Zhuo said slowly. "Hahaha, you're asking me why? Do you really think you've reached the top just because you've obtained the first place in the Path of Trials? You're just a puny Xiantian realm warrior, what gives you the right to ask me why? Let me tell you, you're just like a tiny moth in front of me, a tiny ant! I can crush you to death in an instant! Just because of this! "
Different from the others, Mister Zhuo's aura was extremely reserved. It was as if with his strength and cultivation, he didn't need to use his aura to suppress Luo Zheng.
Because of this, it made people feel how frightening he was.
Luo Zheng had a calm expression. He couldn't tell anyone about the Path of Trials. Besides, he wanted to use this opportunity to verify who Little Die really was.
Just like Qinglong had guessed, Little Die's strength had far surpassed the Divine Reflection realm. She must have been cultivating some cultivation skill that required her to 'disperse her cultivation'. It wasn't easy to cultivate this type of skill, and once she successfully cultivated it, she would become a heaven-defying existence.
If what Qinglong had guessed was true, then Little Die's strength in the Cloud Hall should be very strong! At least, she should be stronger than Mister Zhuo!
"What if I don't say anything?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. At this time, Luo Zheng had already quietly poured his True Yuan into Little Die's Cloud Hall token.
"Hehe, since you don't want to say anything, then I'm not interested in listening to you. I'll just search your soul!" Mister Zhuo didn't even bother to threaten Luo Zheng. He actually wanted to directly search Luo Zheng's soul.
Soul searching was to directly invade Luo Zheng's mind and search Luo Zheng's memories. Many experts with powerful soul abilities knew how to use soul searching techniques.
Hearing that Mister Zhuo wanted to directly search Luo Zheng's soul, Shi Jingtian finally couldn't sit still. Luo Zheng was a member of his Blue Cloud Sect. He quickly stood up and said, "Mister Zhuo, Luo Zheng just didn't understand at the moment. Please give him a chance!" He turned his head and immediately said sternly to Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, quickly tell Mister Zhuo everything. Don't hide anything!"
The reason why Shi Jingtian spoke so sternly to Luo Zheng was naturally because he was afraid that Luo Zheng would really be searched by Mister Zhuo! Soul searching wasn't a joke.
In order to search the memories in the mind, the target's mind would be in a mess. Simply put, if Luo Zheng's soul was searched, he would become an idiot!
"Shi Jingtian, scram!" Mister Zhuo didn't give Shi Jingtian any face.
"Mister Zhuo, why are you so calculative with a junior? Give me, Old Shi, some face … "Shi Jingtian cupped his hands and said with a smile.
"Scram!" Mister Zhuo said coldly, "Shi Jingtian, what qualifications do you have for me to give you face?"
"Sect Leader Shi, there's no need to plead with him," Luo Zheng said faintly.
With Qinglong protecting his soul, Luo Zheng wasn't particularly afraid of Mister Zhuo's soul searching. Qinglong was Luo Zheng's other support. Although Qinglong seemed to be very weak, he had swallowed the flood dragon's soul and drank an entire pool of flood dragon's blood. Luo Zheng believed that Qinglong wouldn't sit idly by and watch him be in danger.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng was still waiting.
He wanted to see if Xiao Die would make a move!
Shi Jingtian's dissuasion was useless. Mister Zhuo continued to walk towards Luo Zheng. Shi Jingtian didn't dare to stop him. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, stood motionless on the spot. However, his breathing was slightly hurried.
Just when Mister Zhuo was five steps away from Luo Zheng, a small rune suddenly appeared beside Mister Zhuo's ear. A spark appeared, and the rune was instantly burned to ashes.
The sect leaders recognized the rune. It was a rune for True Essence Sound Transmission. It was suitable for long-distance transmission of a voice.
Mister Zhuo tilted his ear, as if he was listening to someone's words. Then, Mister Zhuo frowned and his face became extremely gloomy. He stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze.
After a while, Mister Zhuo stared fiercely at Luo Zheng and sneered, "You're lucky! Bufan, let's go! "Then, he flew into the air and turned into a gray shadow, quickly disappearing from the spot.
His father's words stunned Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan originally wanted to watch a good show silently. He wanted to watch his father search Luo Zheng's soul and turn Luo Zheng into a waste and an idiot. Zhuo Bufan didn't know how happy he would be!
On the path of the Trial Takers, Zhuo Bufan had already felt the strength of Luo Zheng. This guy was definitely a threat and a strong competitor in the Cloud Hall. If he could kill Luo Zheng while he was still in the cradle, it would be the best thing.
He didn't expect that his father would suddenly give up at the last moment! What was going on? What was that True Essence Sound Transmission just now? Who had such great ability? Who could make his father change his mind in an instant?
Although Zhuo Bufan was full of doubts, he didn't dare to say anything when he saw his father's gloomy face. He glared at Luo Zheng with hatred, then followed his father's footsteps and flew away.
Only the Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han were left standing there in a daze, their stomachs full of confusion.
They were also thinking about the same question as Zhuo Bufan. Who had just sent a sound transmission to Mister Zhuo?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 393
Mister Zhuo's status in the Cloud Hall was already very high.
Take Elder Fei Han for example. Although he was also an Elder, due to his old age, he didn't have the potential to advance any further. Therefore, he was considered to be below average among the Elders.
However, Mister Zhuo was different. He was in his prime and his strength was at its peak. He was considered to be one of the most powerful Elders in the Cloud Hall.
That Sound Transmission Talisman didn't last long. It probably only took one sentence. Just one sentence was enough to make Mister Zhuo retreat. There weren't many people in the Cloud Hall who could do that.
But who could it be?
This was the first time Luo Zheng had entered the Path of the Trialtakers. He hadn't even entered the Central Domain before. It was impossible for him to know the top figures in the Cloud Hall. Who could speak up for Luo Zheng at such a crucial moment?
The Sect Leaders couldn't figure it out!
Shi Jingtian looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. Suddenly, he felt that this disciple from his Sect was like a stranger to him.
Shi Jingtian felt that he understood Luo Zheng very well. He also knew about Luo Zheng's many trump cards. However, at this moment, he realized that he didn't know anything about Luo Zheng at all.
A Xiantian-level lifeform was able to do this in front of Shi Jingtian. Shi Jingtian didn't know how to describe Luo Zheng …
However, even though the pressure on Mister Zhuo had been temporarily lifted, Shi Jingtian still shook his head and said, "You were too impulsive just now."
"Indeed, Luo Zheng. Although I don't know what you're relying on, with your current strength, it isn't wise for you to become enemies with Mister Zhuo. He can retreat today, but you're still a disciple of the Cloud Hall. If he targets you when you enter the Cloud Hall in the future, it will be troublesome for you." Fei Han agreed with Shi Jingtian's words.
In fact, Fei Han already had a rough idea. The range wasn't very large. There were probably only two or three people in the Cloud Hall who could make Mister Zhuo retreat with just one sentence. One was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, and the other was the previous Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. However, that old monster hadn't seen him in over a hundred years.
In the end, only the Hall Master could make Mister Zhuo retreat. The problem was, was that Luo Zheng was familiar with the Hall Master? How did he know the Hall Master? Where did he know the Hall Master?
For the past two years, the Hall Master had also been in seclusion. Logically speaking, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to be familiar with the Hall Master.
"Elder Fei Han, Sect Master Shi," Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "I had no choice. Some things are very important. Forgive me for not being able to tell you. Even Mister Zhuo can't tell you! Let me ask you, even if I gave in just now, would Mister Zhuo let me go? "
Luo Zheng's words made sense.
In the past two years, Mister Zhuo's strength had increased rapidly. His position in the Cloud Hall had also become higher and higher. He was also becoming more and more unscrupulous.
With Mister Zhuo's temper, even if Luo Zheng gave in and told him the secrets of the Trial Taker's Path, Mister Zhuo might not believe him. He might even believe him completely. Most likely, he would find a reason to search Luo Zheng's soul!
Without strength, one could only be a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. This was the case in the Eastern Domain. In the Central Domain, this iron rule still hadn't changed.
At this moment, the disciples of the Trial Taker's Path finally came out.
"Hahahaha, I'm first this year!" A disciple of the Cloud Hall took the lead and rushed out of the hall with a victorious smile on his face. After opening the Path of Life, this disciple of the Cloud Hall led the way. He was sure that no one rushed ahead of him. Being able to get first place was something he had never thought of. After all, among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, there were two geniuses, Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua. There was no possibility for him to turn the tables.
It was just that Zhuo Bufan was too confident and dared to challenge the Path of Death. Zhao Xiaohua hadn't seen his shadow all the way. Naturally, the first place belonged to this disciple of the Cloud Hall.
However, just as he finished laughing, the smile on his face immediately froze when he saw Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Jin Qiaoning, and the others. He suddenly realized that his laughter was very harsh. The muscles on his face twitched a few times, and he silently turned his head and stood aside.
"I'm second!" At this moment, the disciple of the Cloud Hall who rushed out of the vortex was also very excited. The second place was still a satisfying result. Of course, when he looked up, his expression was almost exactly the same as the previous disciple of the Cloud Hall …
"Third …"
The same thing happened again and again, and it immediately made the sect masters and Elder Fei Han laugh. The oppressive atmosphere just now was also swept away.
Gradually, more and more warriors passed the Trial Taker's Path. The last one to walk out was Zhao Xiaohua.
In fact, Zhao Xiaohua almost couldn't get out of the Trial Taker's Path. With his strength, it was impossible for him to pass through the broken Path of Life. As for the Path of Death, he didn't even dare to think about it. He could only return to the high platform alone and quietly wait for the Trial Taker's Path to close. He thought he was dead for sure.
Just when he was alone and helpless, he saw a huge flood dragon in the sky rushing toward him. Such a huge flood dragon almost scared Zhao Xiaohua to the point of peeing his pants. He almost rolled down the high platform into the vast magma of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire.
What Zhao Xiaohua didn't expect was that the flood dragon actually stretched out its tail toward him.
After understanding the flood dragon's intention, Zhao Xiaohua decided to take a gamble. If he stayed in place and waited for the Trial Taker's Path to close, he would definitely die. This was probably his only chance.
Therefore, he hugged the flood dragon's tail and crossed the Path of Life.
Although he was the last one to walk out, Zhao Xiaohua was already very happy. For him, ranking was no longer important. As long as he could keep his life, it was fine. After all, his life was very valuable!
After all the disciples walked out of the Trial Taker's Path, Fei Han announced the list of disciples recruited by the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall in a dignified tone.
In addition to the millions of disciples of the five major sects under the Cloud Hall, there were also ordinary disciples in the Cloud Hall. For example, disciples of the Cloud Hall like Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua belonged to the ordinary disciples under the Cloud Hall. There were almost a million of these ordinary disciples.
This number sounded like a lot, but in fact, it was nothing in the vast Central Domain. Among the fourth-grade sects, the number of disciples of the Cloud Hall was still considered small. For example, the fourth-grade sects like the Blood Wood Cliff and the Nine Stars Sect probably had four to five million disciples!
As for the fifth-grade sect in the Central Domain, there were as many as ten million people. Just the number of warriors in the sect was comparable to that of a country!
However, there were not many warriors who could really grow up. Ninety-nine percent of them could only stay in the Primordial Secret Realm for the rest of their lives. A small number of them could enter the Divine Reflection Realm.
Even if they entered the Divine Reflection Realm, it was nothing. If they wanted to be really trained by the higher-ups, they had to stand out in the Divine Reflection Realm and fully display their strength and talent. Only then would they be focused on training by the sect!
Whether it was Luo Zheng, Zhuo Bufan, or Jin Qiaoning, they were all the best among the millions of disciples. Even if they were the top among so many people, they still had to go through the Trial Taker's Path again. Only such disciples were qualified to enter the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, it could be imagined that the disciples in the Elite Hall were enough to represent the future of the Cloud Hall!
While Elder Fei Han was announcing the list, Luo Zheng was looking for Little Butterfly in the crowd. Luo Zheng searched the Cloud Hall disciples countless times, but he still couldn't find her.
Little Butterfly's disguise technique was too powerful. She could easily hide from the eyes of Fei Han and the others. Naturally, she could also easily hide from Luo Zheng.
However, her disguise technique was too powerful, and she couldn't hide it from Qinglong …
"Look at the disciples of the Cloud Hall. She's the third one from the left!" Qinglong didn't miss the opportunity to remind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng counted the disciples of the Cloud Hall and locked his eyes on an ordinary-looking disciple of the Cloud Hall. Coincidentally, that disciple of the Cloud Hall was also looking up at him.
Little Butterfly just glanced at Luo Zheng. When she noticed that Luo Zheng was staring at her, she pretended she didn't know anything. She didn't think Luo Zheng would be able to recognize her.
But what made Little Butterfly feel strange was that Luo Zheng's eyes were locked on her. Could it be that he had really discovered her? How was that possible?! Little Butterfly was very confident in her disguise technique. Let alone Luo Zheng, even those Divine Core warriors wouldn't be able to see through her disguise!
But, no matter how strong her disguise technique was, it couldn't fool Qinglong. Qinglong wasn't looking for Little Butterfly by looking at her appearance, he was able to accurately identify her just by sensing her soul aura.
Even though Luo Zheng was staring at her, Little Butterfly still pretended to be casual and natural. But soon, she couldn't continue pretending … because a faint smile emerged on Luo Zheng's face, as if he was laughing at her. Why was she still pretending when her disguise had been exposed?
This damn guy! He really found out about her! Little Butterfly curled her lips and fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. Then, she moved her lips and sent a message into Luo Zheng's ears, "Keep looking! If you keep looking, I'll dig your eyeballs out! "
Hearing Little Butterfly's message, Luo Zheng laughed even louder. After all, through the test just now, he knew that Little Butterfly's status was much higher than Mister Zhuo's. Just a single message from Little Butterfly was enough to make Mister Zhuo turn around and leave. It wasn't hard to imagine Little Butterfly's status in the Cloud Hall!
At least, even if Fei Han discovered Little Butterfly's identity, he wouldn't dare say anything.
"Hey, the message you sent to Mister Zhuo just now, what was it?" Luo Zheng asked Little Butterfly using his Divine Sense.
Little Butterfly replied with a smile, "I told him not to get involved in the matters here, and to get the hell out of here!"

Chapter 394
Early in the morning, the first ray of morning light shone through the dense clouds, reflecting a beautiful rainbow.
In other places, rainbows could only be seen after the rain, but in Cloud Sea City, they could be seen almost every day.
This was because there was a huge floating rock in the sky above Cloud Sea City, and there was a huge palace on this floating rock.
This palace was finally surrounded by clouds. Only when the weather was particularly clear could its vague outline be seen, and one could only sigh at the means of the Immortals …
In the eyes of the hundreds of millions of mortals in Cloud Sea City, the floating palace in the sky was the Immortal Palace! The people who lived in the Immortal Palace were naturally Immortals!
In fact, many warriors were no different from Immortals in the eyes of mortals. They could go up to the sky, move mountains, and even live for hundreds or even thousands of years. If they weren't Immortals, then what were they?
However, since there were mortals in Cloud Sea City, there were naturally warriors as well. In the eyes of warriors, the huge palace in the sky represented another meaning. Although this meaning couldn't be compared to the legend of the Immortal Palace, it wasn't much worse. Because they knew that it was a famous fourth-grade sect in the Central Domain, the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall was built on a huge floating rock. There was no way to know where this floating rock came from. After the Cloud Hall was built, it absorbed the World's Essence Qi through a formation to supply the cultivation of many warriors in the Cloud Hall. Because it absorbed enough World's Essence Qi, the surrounding clouds often gathered around the Cloud Hall, so the Cloud Hall was almost always surrounded by clouds and mist.
On this day, a teleportation formation on the left side of the Cloud Hall began to flicker with light screens. When those light screens fell, people walked out of them one after another.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped out of the teleportation formation, he subconsciously sniffed. He felt the rich World's Essence Qi in the Cloud Hall, and he was a little intoxicated. Such rich World's Essence Qi probably couldn't be found in the entire Eastern Domain.
Not only Luo Zheng, but also Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, and the disciples from the Red Maple Sect, who were all from second-grade Sects, had intoxicated expressions on their faces. The Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi was so rich that it made them somewhat uncomfortable.
When the disciples of the Cloud Hall saw the reaction of Luo Zheng and the others, they showed a disdainful expression.
In fact, these disciples of the Cloud Hall, including Zhao Xiaohua, did not cultivate in the Cloud Hall. They usually cultivated in the "Cloud Sect" in Cloud Sea City. However, as the top existences among the ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall, Zhao Xiaohua and the others still had some opportunities to enter the Cloud Hall. As for Zhuo Bufan, because of his father, he often cultivated in the Cloud Hall.
Now that they had become disciples of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall, they could officially step into the Cloud Hall.
Everyone followed behind Fei Han and headed to the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall.
Along the way, looking at such a majestic building, Luo Zheng and the others sighed again and again. The Cloud Hall was really worthy of its reputation. It was indeed amazing to be able to build such a large palace in the sky.
However, although it seemed difficult to understand how a palace could be moved to the sky, it was not difficult to understand as long as one understood the principle behind it.
On the path of the Trial Takers, Luo Zheng had already seen floating stones suspended in mid-air. This kind of floating stone seemed to be able to repel gravity and float in mid-air. If the floating stone was big enough, a palace could be built on it.
However, such a large Cloud Hall would probably require a floating stone the size of an island to support it. As for where such a large floating stone came from, Luo Zheng had no idea.
Today's clouds were very dense. Everyone followed closely behind Elder Fei Han as they shuttled through the Cloud Hall. There were thick white clouds everywhere. It was as if they were walking in a fairyland. It was like a dream, but also real.
After a while, the disciples finally arrived at the Elite Hall.
Now, whether it was the disciples of second-grade sects or the disciples of the Cloud Hall, they all had excited expressions on their faces. After working hard on the path of martial arts for so many years, they had finally become an Elite Disciple of the Cloud Hall. It would be a lie to say that they were not excited.
However, for Luo Zheng, this was just a starting point.
Elder Fei Han led them to the Elite Hall and left, waiting for the next person to complete the handover procedures. Everyone was excited and talked about it, especially the disciples of the Cloud Hall, who wantonly showed off their knowledge. After all, these disciples of the Cloud Hall grew up in the Central Domain. What they had seen and heard was much better than the disciples of second-grade sects. For example, the disciples of the Red Maple Sect listened with great interest.
It turned out that the Elite Hall was also divided into levels. The specific differences were actually similar to the points of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Everyone in the Elite Hall will be given a cloud card. This cloud card has a total of five colors. They are purple, gold, green, and red. There are countless cultivation mystic realms in the Cloud Hall. The five colored cloud cards represent five different levels of authority! We have just entered the Elite Hall, so naturally, we have the lowest authority, which is the red cloud card! "
"But, don't underestimate this red cloud card. The cultivation mystic realms you can enter through this red cloud card are many times better than the cultivation mystic realms you came from!"
While the disciples of the Cloud Hall were bragging, two deacons of the Cloud Hall walked into the Elite Hall.
Luo Zheng threw a glance at the two deacons of the Cloud Hall. Both of them were Divine Core warriors!
Although their energy was far weaker than Sect Chief Shi's, the fact that these two ordinary deacons were Divine Core warriors could only mean that the Cloud Hall was filled with geniuses. Why would a Divine Core warrior do something so trivial?
The deacons of the Cloud Hall glanced at Luo Zheng and the other disciples, then said, "We'll now distribute the cloud cards. These cloud cards will be your passes to enter the Cloud Hall in the future. Also, you'll need them to open all the cultivation mystic realms in the Cloud Hall. Take good care of them."
After that, the deacons of the Cloud Hall started reading out the names on the list.
When a disciple's name was read out, he would walk up to the disciple and receive his cloud card.
Just like what the disciple of the Cloud Hall had said, all the disciples who had just entered the Elite Hall were given red cloud cards. This was the lowest level cloud card.
Looking at the red cloud card, Luo Zheng suddenly recalled the message token given to him by Xiao Die. Both of them looked very similar, both were tokens, and there were many patterns of clouds engraved on the back. The only difference was that Xiao Die's message token was white, while this cloud card was red.
According to the disciple of the Cloud Hall, the cloud cards only had five different colors: purple, gold, green, and red. Luo Zheng wondered what level Xiao Die's message token was.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about this question, the deacons suddenly shouted out Luo Zheng's name. At the same time, the deacons face revealed a surprised expression, because one of the cloud cards in his hand was purple!
Just now, when the deacons of the Cloud Hall went to receive the cloud cards of the elite disciples, he didn't carefully check each cloud card. Instead, he threw them all into his spatial ring. He took out a cloud card, looked at the name on the back, and directly called out the name.
Therefore, when the deacons of the Cloud Hall took out a cloud card from his spatial ring, he would read out the name on the back of the cloud card. When he took out the purple cloud card, he was immediately dumbfounded. He wondered if he had made a mistake when he made the talisman.
How could it be a purple cloud card?
Purple, gold, green, and red cloud cards had very strict rules. This was because each cloud card represented the right to cultivate in a mystic realm!
Normally, when a disciple joined the Cloud Hall for the first time and became a member of the Elite Hall, he would be given a red cloud card!
There were exceptions. For example, some genius disciples might be given a green cloud card due to their outstanding performance. But, the probability of this happening was very small. Nine years ago, there was a disciple of the Cloud Hall who had just joined the Cloud Hall, and he had been given a green cloud card.
Even the Sect Chief of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian, only had a golden cloud card, and it was only an average grade! As for these two Divine Core deacons, they only had a green cloud card. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that these two deacons dreamt of having a golden cloud card.
This was because once they obtained a golden cloud card, the Cloud Hall would open up more cultivation mystic realms, and these cultivation mystic realms were much better than the green cloud cards.
However, it was extremely difficult to obtain a golden cloud card. These two Divine Core deacons had been waiting for a long time, but they still hadn't obtained one.
But, this was the first time this young man, Luo Zheng, had come to the Cloud Hall, and he had just joined the Elite Hall, so why was he able to obtain a purple cloud card?
These two deacons suspected that the higher-ups must have given him the wrong card! They must have accidentally given him a purple cloud card instead of a red one. Otherwise, it wouldn't make sense.
When Luo Zheng heard the deacons calling his name, he walked up and was about to take the purple cloud card. But, one of the deacons asked Luo Zheng to wait, as he decided to ask the higher-ups first. After that, the deacons quickly left with the purple cloud card.
"There must be some kind of mistake! A purple cloud card? Even if Luo Zheng is the number one participant in the Path of Trials, there's no way he could have gotten it! "
"What a joke! Even a small portion of the Sect Elders don't have a purple cloud card! Normally, it's given to the Sect Elders, how could it be given to Luo Zheng? "
"Hehe, I think Luo Zheng is a bit disappointed, right? He's just a Xiantian Realm warrior, a red cloud card is more than enough for him! "
While everyone was discussing, the deacons soon returned. With a complicated expression, he looked at Luo Zheng and said, "This purple cloud card is indeed yours."
Hearing what the deacons said, all the disciples in the Elite Hall immediately burst into an uproar.

Chapter 395
Those disciples who came from the five second grade sects felt better, but the disciples of the Cloud Hall were even more upset.
Who was Luo Zheng? That guy who came from the Blue Cloud Sect, all he did was get first place! Every single disciple from the Cloud Hall had gotten first place, but why had they never seen any disciple from the Cloud Hall get a purple clouded token?
Seeing the noisy and indignant crowd, one of the deacons from the Cloud Hall said with a dark expression, "If you keep making noise, I'll throw all of you down!"
The Cloud Hall was located in the sky, and it was more than a thousand meters above the ground. However, most of the disciples here were at the Divine Reflection realm, so they wouldn't die even if they were thrown down. However, the threat wasn't to throw them to their deaths, it was to kick them out of the Cloud Hall.
When all the disciples from the Cloud Hall heard this, they immediately shut their mouths. It took a lot of effort to climb up to the Cloud Hall, and some of these disciples were even raised by some big families. Although they were jealous of Luo Zheng, it was really unlucky for them to be kicked out of the Cloud Hall because of this.
In fact, even these two Divine Core deacons were unhappy about this. They couldn't figure out who this Luo Zheng was. Why was he given a purple clouded token? Could he be the Palace Master's exclusive property? The Palace Master was pure and innocent, and he didn't even have a dual cultivation partner. How could this be …
Although they were unhappy about this, there was nothing they could do about it. This was the world of warriors, there was no such thing as fairness. All they knew was that Luo Zheng must have a very strong background, so they shouldn't offend this guy.
Therefore, these two deacons became even more polite to Luo Zheng. They handed the purple clouded token to Luo Zheng with both hands.
After that, the two Deacons of the Cloud Hall explained to the disciples some things to pay attention to in the Cloud Hall, including how to use the Cultivation Mystic Realm, some forbidden areas in the Cloud Hall, and so on. There were many rules in the Cloud Hall. After explaining everything in detail for almost an hour, the two Deacons left.
Many of the Cloud Hall's disciples dispersed in groups of three to five. Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao walked out of the Elite Hall together. Next, they should collect some trivial things and arrange their rooms in the Cloud Hall.
But as soon as he walked out of the Elite Hall, Luo Zheng's eyes fell on a huge map on the wall.
"This is a map of the Central Domain," Hua Tianming said.
In the past, when Luo Zheng was in the Eastern Domain, he felt that the Eastern Domain was vast and boundless. But after seeing the map of the Central Domain, Luo Zheng understood why some people said that the Eastern Domain was just a small corner.
In the corner of this map, the location and size of the Eastern Domain were also drawn. If the Central Domain was compared to an elephant, then the Eastern Domain was equivalent to a pig. Purely from the perspective of territory, the two were not on the same level.
Just as they were looking at the huge map, Red Maple also walked out. When he saw Luo Zheng, he immediately smiled and approached him. This guy liked to follow Luo Zheng since the beginning of the Trial Path. "The Cloud Hall's map is very detailed. Almost all the forces in the Central Domain are divided!"
It wasn't difficult for any warriors in the Central Domain to obtain this information, but this was the first time Luo Zheng and the others had seen it.
Not only did Luo Zheng find the Cloud Hall marked as a Fourth Grade Sect on the map, he also found the other three Fourth Grade Sects. They were the Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Dark Yin Mansion.
The Cloud Hall was one of the top Fourth Grade Sects, and it was only one step away from becoming a Fifth Grade Sect. These three Fourth Grade Sects were only slightly weaker than the Cloud Hall, and they had many Divine Core warriors!
As for the only Fifth Grade Sect, it was called the Void Spirit Sect. It was located in the center of the Central Domain, and it was called the Void Sky City. The scale of this Fifth Grade Sect was even larger than the Cloud Hall. It was said that the Sect Chief of the Void Spirit Sect had cultivated to a level that ordinary people couldn't comprehend.
Luo Zheng memorized all the information in his mind. Then, he saw many places with individual names. He asked again, "What's with those names?"
"Hehe, not all warriors like to establish their own sects. Some warriors are used to being alone, and they don't belong to any big sects. That's why they can only mark their names on the map!" Red Maple explained. He was a man who loved to gossip and gossip, so he was very familiar with these things. "Look at this' Reverend Nan Hua, Xiang Tianxing 'in the corner. He's a mighty warrior from the southern part of the Central Domain."
Were all the mighty warriors marked on the map? Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then he scanned through the names on the map.
There weren't many people whose names were marked on the map. Basically, they were all the top warriors in the Central Domain, and there were only about ten of them in total. Most of them were warriors who had surpassed the Divine Core realm!
Soon, Luo Zheng's eyes landed on a name. The Eastern Evil King, Cui Xie!
This was the man who took Luo Yan away. When Luo Zheng saw the name, he immediately stared at it. Even though he was trying his best to suppress his emotions, the sensitive Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming were able to tell that Luo Zheng was acting strangely.
Both Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming knew that Luo Zheng was under a lot of pressure. The gigantic face that appeared in the sky above the Blue Cloud Sect belonged to a mighty warrior from the Central Domain. However, Hua Tianming and the others had no idea what this man's name was. When they saw Luo Zheng staring at the name, they were able to guess who it was.
So, the man who took Luo Yan away was the Eastern Evil King.
"Red Maple, how strong is this man?" Luo Zheng pointed at Cui Xie's name and asked.
Baili Hongfeng blinked and said with a smile, "I'm not that bad."
Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming both stared at Red Maple with a strange expression. What did he mean by 'his strength is alright'?
Red Maple continued, "No one in the Central Domain is his opponent. Even the Sect Master of the Fifth Rank Sect, Xu Ling Sect, has to give him some face! Cui Xie is the most powerful person in the Central Domain! "
If supercilious eyes could kill, Red Maple would have been killed twice by Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming's supercilious eyes … Both of them had the same thought. This Red Maple was an idiot, even more idiotic than Li Yifeng.
Luo Zheng didn't care about Red Maple's joke. He just looked at the name calmly.
In fact, Red Maple's answer wasn't out of his expectations. To be able to make the Blue Cloud Sect hand over Luo Yan with just a few words, this person's strength was definitely not simple. After all, the Blue Cloud Sect belonged to the Cloud Hall. This kind of thing couldn't be ignored by the Cloud Hall.
The only possibility was that even the Cloud Hall wasn't this person's opponent!
And the Cloud Hall was the top of the Fourth Rank Sects. In the Central Domain, its power was probably second only to the Fifth Rank Sect, Xu Ling Sect. To be able to make the Cloud Hall take away Luo Yan without saying a word, this already showed Cui Xie's strength.
The strongest person in the Central Domain, the most powerful person in the Central Domain ….
In front of such a powerful person, Luo Zheng probably couldn't even be compared to an ant, as small as a speck of dust.
His anger, fear, and excitement …. These emotions were useless. He could only be calm, silent, and calm. Only in this way could he control his emotions.
"Hey, Luo Zheng, why are you asking about this person? His name is very famous. Haven't you heard of him in the Blue Cloud Sect before? Your Eastern Domain is too remote …. "
"I still have some information about him. I heard that he wants to set up some kind of Joyous Union Array and capture three top quality beauties …."
"He wants to proclaim himself an emperor and establish a God's Nation in the Central Domain. This is a feat that no one in the Central Domain has accomplished for thousands of years …. Hey, why are you suddenly ignoring me? Why are you leaving!"
Red Maple chattered endlessly, but Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear and floated away.
Seeing this, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao also left. But when they left, Hua Tianming fiercely glared at Red Maple. "Shut up!"
Pei Tianyao faintly scolded, "Idiot!"
So Red Maple stupidly stood in place with a face full of grievances. He said with a sad face, "Who did I offend?"
Through this map, Luo Zheng only had a general understanding of the distribution of forces in the Central Domain. The map was not very detailed. After all, the Cloud Hall could not draw the real secrets on the map and openly display them.
"Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng was walking forward quickly. Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao followed behind him and called out to him.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng's face had a dull expression.
He was like a student who studied hard and set a grand goal. He hoped that one day he would pass the exam. He worked hard and finally got 100 points in the exam. Then, he suddenly found that if he wanted to achieve this goal, he had to get 100,000 points, or even a million points, or even ten million points to achieve this goal ….
This huge goal seemed to be hanging in the distant sky, laughing at Luo Zheng.
It was not that he was not qualified. It was that Luo Zheng had not even entered the door.
Even if Luo Zheng did not give up, when he saw the gap between heaven and earth, he could not bring himself to be ambitious. So, he had to adjust his state of mind.
"Cui Xie is indeed very strong," Hua Tianming's iconic sword-like eyebrows slightly raised. "He is the strongest person in the Central Domain. I'm afraid that as long as he wants to, it won't be difficult for him to destroy the Cloud Hall! But I have a premonition that one day, you will kill him! "
Pei Tianyao did not say much. He just nodded faintly. "I also believe it."
Luo Zheng's expressionless face suddenly moved. He slowly revealed a trace of a smile. Finally, he grinned and said, "You guys really believe it?"
"These are not words to comfort you. If other people heard this, I'm afraid they would think that we are talking nonsense. But I just believe it!" Hua Tianming said seriously. Pei Tianyao also nodded at the same time.
Luo Zheng's deep eyes rippled with a complex circle of ripples. Like a bright star, his eyes lit up again. "Since you choose to believe, I will also choose to believe. One day, I will kill him!"
Although Luo Zheng did not know how far he could go in martial arts, if he wanted to reach the peak of martial arts, he must face this opponent directly.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 396
At the same time, in the Central Domain's Easternmost Region, the Gigantic Mountain Range.
The gigantic mountain seemed to be able to reach into the heavens, blocking the tsunamis from the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Due to the high altitude, the thousands of peaks in the Gigantic Mountain Range were covered in a layer of snow that was over ten zhang thick! If a person were to fall into the snow, they wouldn't be able to climb out at all. This was a forbidden zone for mortals.
Even Divine Illumination Realm experts wouldn't dare to go too deep. Although they could fly, the violent snowstorm on the mountain peaks could cause thousands of wind blades to appear at any time! In addition, there were many unknown beasts and Demonic Beasts in the Gigantic Mountain Range, as well as some unknown creatures. Anything that could survive in such a harsh environment would definitely not be a weak existence.
But today, the highest peak in the Gigantic Mountain Range, Pearl Jade Peak, had been completely melted!
The snow on this mountain had accumulated for thousands of years, but it was completely melted today, exposing the black mountain peak that was completely out of place with the surrounding snowy peaks.
A muscular man with a bare upper body stood on the mountain peak, panting heavily. Behind him, there was a gray flame burning. Beneath this man's feet was a Snow Flood Dragon that was over fifty zhang long!
Snow Flood Dragons were also part of the Flood Dragon Clan. They liked to live in places of ice and snow, and were naturally ferocious and powerful!
Such a ferocious beast was currently lying motionless beneath the man's feet. Many parts of its huge body were already charred black.
"Little Cui Cui! Didn't you say you wanted to bring me to see the snow and eat the heart of a Snow Flood Dragon? You've melted the snow on Pearl Jade Peak, how am I supposed to see the snow? " Behind the tall and sturdy man, there was a woman wearing a fox fur coat. She was floating in the air, but her sleeping posture was so alluring that it was as if she was floating in the air.
Her voice was enchanting and sweet, making people feel that it was sweeter than a hundred kinds of honey mixed together! What made people's blood boil was that apart from the fox fur coat, she wasn't wearing anything else. She only used the fox fur coat to cover the important parts of her body. The rest of her body was covered in large patches of skin that was whiter than the newly fallen snow.
"Don't f * cking tempt me. If you want to see the snow, I brought you here. If you want to eat the heart of a Snow Flood Dragon …" The tall and sturdy man grabbed the dying Snow Flood Dragon's heart and pulled it out. A creature like the Snow Flood Dragon's life force was extremely strong. Even after suffering such serious injuries, its heart was still beating to beat vigorously.
Seeing the blood still beating Snow Flood Dragon's heart, the woman's complexion. "Ah, Cui Cui, Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui, how can I eat this!"
The tall and Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui's face.
The enchanting woman slowly floated beside the tall and sturdy man. She wrapped her fair and delicate arms around his neck, then she whispered, "Little Cui Cui, it's not that I don't want to, but if you want to cultivate the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, you'll need three Extreme Purple Yin Bodies … I've kept my body for you for thirty years, if you still can't find a third Extreme Purple Yin Body, do you think I'll have to wait for thirty years for nothing?"
The tall and sturdy man grabbed the enchanting woman's hand and pulled her into his embrace. With an evil smile on his face, he said, "Don't worry, that Luo Yan's talent is not any weaker than yours, and it will only take him one or two years to break through to the Divine Core realm. As for the other Extreme Purple Yin Body, I've already found it, and I believe it won't take long before I find it. At that time, I'll be able to satisfy you, satisfy you greatly!"
After saying that, the tall and sturdy man purposely rubbed the blood from the Flood Dragon's heart onto the enchanting woman's skin, causing her to scream out in pain …
This tall and sturdy man was the Eastern Heretic King, Cui Xie! As for the other enchanting woman, her name was Si Miaoling.
Si Miaoling was the same as Luo Yan, she also possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body. She had followed Cui Xie for more than thirty years, and for the sake of cultivating the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, she had kept her virginity for him!
Not all women were against cultivating the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation with Cui Xie. In fact, the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation wasn't an evil skill that required the use of Yin energy to supplement Yang energy, it was a dual cultivation formation. Although the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation was extremely beneficial to Cui Xie, it was also beneficial to Si Miaoling.
While Cui Xie and Si Miaoling were teasing each other, Cui Xie's expression suddenly darkened.
"Little Cui Cui, what's wrong?" Si Miaoling asked with a coquettish voice.
Cui Xie smiled coldly and said, "Interesting, very interesting. I can feel a trace of an obsession to kill!"
Cui Xie cultivated a special technique that matched his supreme talent. Therefore, he could feel the killing intent towards him!
The Eastern Heretic King, Cui Xie, had a great reputation in the Central Domain. Naturally, there were many people who hated him. However, even if someone said that they wanted to kill him, Cui Xie couldn't sense it. After all, he wasn't an immortal and couldn't reach such a level.
However, with his mystical perception, he could sense a very strong obsession to kill!
Only a mortal enemy would have such an obsession to kill! This meant that the hatred the other party had for him had reached the point of wanting to kill him.
However, although he could sense the existence of this obsession, he couldn't find out who it was.
"Eh?" Si Miaoling also had a strange expression on her face. "In this vast Central Domain, which old bastard dares to have designs on our Little Cui Cui? Aren't they afraid that Little Cui Cui will kill his way to their door and cause trouble for them? "
"Hehe, that's what's strange. The other party's strength seems to be very weak and not worth mentioning at all. But why does he hate me to this extent?" Cui Xie also had a puzzled expression on his face. The strength of the owner of this obsession to kill seemed to be pitifully weak, but he actually had such a strong obsession to kill him. Who could it be …
"Whatever. Since he's just an ant, what's there to worry about?" Si Miaoling chuckled. Then, she reached out her fair hand and wiped the Snow Dragon's blood on Cui Xie's face.
Although Cui Xie's complexion had returned to normal, he still hadn't let go of this matter in his heart. He had sensed that there were at least ten thousand such murderous intents. Under such a strong murderous intent, many people would plan to kill him.
Assassination, open assassination, murder … He had seen all kinds of methods, and without exception, they had all failed.
Cui Xie was generally too lazy to pay attention to this kind of boring obsession. There was a period of time before when he even blocked this annoying perception. There were too many people who wanted to kill him. That mysterious innate talent would remind Cui Xie that "someone really wants to kill you" for no reason. This kind of reminder was torture for Cui Xie. There were many people who wanted to kill him, but only a few dared to do it, and not a single one succeeded!
But today, this obsession to kill caused his valiant heart to contract slightly in an instant. Cui Xie couldn't understand this. The other party was clearly an ant, so why did he feel a trace of uneasiness?
Cui Xie was a rough person, but he was meticulous in his work.
If he could find out who the other party was, he would very likely directly kill this person. Unfortunately, although he could sense the other party's obsession to kill, he couldn't find out who the other party was …
Luo Zheng didn't know that the decision he made in an instant had been sensed by Cui Xie, who was hundreds of thousands of li away …
These words were said to himself.
His martial heart had always been stable, but today, he suddenly understood the difference in strength between himself and the East Evil King, which caused him to waver a little.
However, this wavering was quickly fixed. Not only was it fixed, but Luo Zheng's martial heart became even more stable!
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes recover, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were also very happy.
For the next period of time, Luo Zheng stayed in the Cloud Hall to cultivate. He needed time to digest the inheritance of the Road of Trials.
Sitting upright in the secret room, Luo Zheng's hands spun like a wheel. His True Essence spun continuously along Luo Zheng's hands, and as his spinning speed increased, it formed a complete closed loop.
"The 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 was the Demon Blood Emperor's strongest attack method. I didn't expect it to be so easy to cultivate!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly as he looked at the spinning True Essence wheel in front of him. Although there was still a certain distance to cultivate the first layer of the 《Wheel of Death》, it had already begun to take shape.
Evil Qi cultivation methods had these advantages. It was easier to cultivate than other cultivation methods, and its power was also greater than other cultivation methods. It was a shortcut on the path of martial arts, and had attracted countless people to take this path. However, the corresponding price was the backlash from the evil Qi! However, Luo Zheng, who had entered the Massacre Sword Mountain, naturally didn't have this worry.
"Let's try out the power of this 《Wheel of Death》?"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and he extracted a portion of killing Qi.
Who knew that as soon as he injected the killing Qi, this blood-red killing Qi would suddenly shoot towards the bottom of the cultivation room along with the rotation of the 《Wheel of Death》 …
This killing Qi seemed unstoppable. It pierced through the partition of the cultivation room, through several layers of space at the bottom, through a thick layer of rocks, and then through a floating rock that was more than four hundred zhang thick. After piercing through the floating rock, it hit the ground from a thousand meters high …

Chapter 397
"Did it really break through the lower part of the Cloud Hall?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with a touch of horror.
The power of the Wheel of Death had greatly exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations. Through the small hole in the floor of the secret room, Luo Zheng could see a faint light.
"All the disciples cultivating in the Cultivation Rooms, come out!"
Surrounded by the long sound of the warning flute, Deacon Xiao's voice came in.
Deacon Xiao was one of the two deacons who had distributed the cloud cards that day. Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng had no choice but to withdraw the "Wheel of Death". He opened the door of the Cultivation Room and walked out.
In the Cultivation Room on this floor, several disciples of the Divine Reflection Realm looked at Deacon Xiao in puzzlement, not knowing what had happened.
"Who was it just now..." Deacon Xiao asked angrily.
Before Deacon Xiao finished speaking, Luo Zheng took the initiative to say, "Sorry, Deacon Xiao, just now I was careless and broke through the floor."
Deacon Xiao's face was originally full of anger. This floor of the Cultivation Room was at the bottom of the Cloud Hall. Not far below was the floating stone, and the floating stone was surrounded by a circle of warning runes. Breaking through the floating stone had never happened before.
The Cultivation Rooms in the Cloud Hall were all protected by layers of protection. These Cultivation Rooms could be borrowed only by a red cloud card. Therefore, the warriors who came to this floor to cultivate were basically disciples who had just entered the Elite Hall. Their strength was relatively weak, so naturally the protection was not that strong.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng's "Wheel of Death", which borrowed the power of Evil Qi, was so strong that it almost instantly penetrated the protection of the Cultivation Room and directly broke through the floating stone below the Cloud Hall.
If it was someone else, Deacon Xiao wouldn't be able to avoid punishment. But seeing that it was Luo Zheng, Deacon Xiao not only didn't punish him, but even the anger on his face dissipated. He put on a smile and said, "So it's you, Luo Zheng, who is cultivating. I can't blame you. The protection of this cultivation room is too poor. If you want to cultivate, you can borrow the cultivation room on the upper floor, and this situation won't happen!"
With the Purple Cloud Token in his hand, Luo Zheng could use the best cultivation room in the Cloud Hall, which was the cultivation room that only Elders could use. These cultivation rooms were built with the strongest material, the "Dragon Head Pig Iron," and could even withstand an all-out attack from an early Divine Core warrior.
When the other elite disciples saw Deacon Xiao's expression change, they were all speechless. Wasn't Deacon Xiao's expression changing too quickly?
However, other than being envious, they could only be envious. Who asked this Luo Zheng to have such a huge backer?
Just as Luo Zheng and Deacon Xiao were talking, the surrounding Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi suddenly fluctuated violently and gathered towards one of the cultivation rooms.
Seeing the trajectory of the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi fluctuation, Deacon Xiao's expression changed. Before he could say anything, he heard a loud bang. One of the cultivation rooms on this floor was suddenly blown to pieces. A figure was directly thrown out of the cultivation room and heavily fell to the ground. Then, he got up and rubbed his head.
This person was Hua Tianming …
Deacon Xiao suddenly had a headache. This batch of elite disciples seemed to be fiercer than the previous one. Luo Zheng had just directly pierced through the entire Cloud Hall's floating stone, and now this guy had directly destroyed the cultivation room?
Hua Tianming shook his head. Seeing Deacon Xiao and Luo Zheng, he said embarrassedly, "Sorry, I was just cultivating and couldn't control myself for a moment."
"What's your name?" Other than Luo Zheng, Deacon Xiao wasn't so polite to the others.
"Hua Tianming," Hua Tianming said seriously.
"You have to compensate for destroying the cultivation room. You have just stepped into the Cloud Hall and don't have any points yet. However, I will remember this account and deduct it from your points in the future!" Deacon Xiao sneered.
"Deacon Xiao, Hua Tianming and I are from the same sect. If you really want to pursue the matter, put this account on my head," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Put it on your head?" Deacon Xiao was slightly stunned. Then, he changed his tone and said with a smile, "In that case, I'll let it go this time. However, I still have to warn you. Don't casually destroy the cultivation room!"
After Deacon Xiao left, Hua Tianming breathed a sigh of relief. He smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Your words are still the most effective!"
Luo Zheng stared straight at Hua Tianming and asked, "Have you broken through?"
Hua Tianming nodded and said with a smile, "On the path of the Trial Takers, I vaguely felt that I was about to break through. I didn't expect that it would take me so long to reach the Divine Reflection Realm."
There was a big threshold between the Xiantian Realm and the Divine Reflection Realm. Hua Tianming had stayed in the Xiantian Full Circle for a long time. His talent might be weaker than Luo Zheng's, but he was not inferior to any of the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. After accumulating a certain level of cultivation, he naturally broke through.
"However, Luo Zheng, about the method of refining the essence of the Devil's Nightmare, have you gotten your hands on it?" Hua Tianming asked.
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had obtained a lot of Devil's Nightmare's Essence on the Path of Death. However, according to Xiao Die, this Devil's Nightmare's Essence could not be used directly. If it was used directly, it would be poisoned to death. Although Luo Zheng was not afraid of any poison, he would not rashly swallow it since there was no benefit to eating it.
Devil's Nightmare's Essence was something that could enhance the soul. Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng asked, "Do you really need it now?"
Hua Tianming nodded and said with a wry smile, "Cultivating the Heavenly Sword requires a very high soul strength. Without a strong soul, it would be very difficult to withstand the pressure."
To borrow the power of the heavens, one must first be able to withstand the powerful aura of heaven and earth, then use the sword to guide the power of the heavens towards one's opponent. If one could not withstand the aura of heaven and earth, how could one give the opponent the strongest blow?
Before, Hua Tianming's soul strength was not weak. At least it was enough. However, after Hua Tianming broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm, he could borrow more of the Yuan Qi of heaven and earth and the power of the heavens. Therefore, his soul could not withstand it.
Just now, Hua Tianming did not control the Yuan Qi of heaven and earth well, causing the entire cultivation room to explode.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "This is the method to refine the Black Devil Nightmare. I will help you ask, but take this first." As he spoke, Luo Zheng tapped his ring and took out a red treasure chest.
Hearing Luo Zheng say that he could help him ask about the method to refine the Black Devil Nightmare, Hua Tianming's face lit up with joy. Hua Tianming naturally understood that since Luo Zheng could survive in the mouth of the flood dragon, that mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall could also survive. As for who that disciple of the Cloud Hall was, if Luo Zheng was not willing to say, Hua Tianming would not take the initiative to ask.
Just as he was about to thank Luo Zheng, he saw an exquisite red treasure chest appear in Luo Zheng's hand. He asked curiously, "What is this?"
"Open it and you will know." Luo Zheng laughed mischievously.
As soon as Hua Tianming opened the red treasure chest, a black shadow shot towards Hua Tianming's forehead.
Just like when Luo Zheng saw this for the first time, Hua Tianming almost instinctively wanted to dodge. However, he did not dodge and was directly hit by the black soul essence.
Hua Tianming closed his eyes and enjoyed the black substance nourishing his soul. The feeling was very comfortable, as if his soul was being caressed by a pair of invisible hands. His soul was actually growing at a visible speed!
When Hua Tianming opened his eyes again, his gaze was as sharp as a sword. He said with a face full of surprise, "This … Luo Zheng, this is something that strengthens the soul!"
Luo Zheng nodded, smiled, and did not say anything.
This time, Hua Tianming was a little embarrassed. Although Hua Tianming really needed this thing, Hua Tianming was arrogant by nature. He did not know what to say when he owed Luo Zheng such a huge favor.
"This is just a treasure chest I obtained in the Road of Trials. The soul essence obtained after refining the Devil's Essence is this thing. It's not particularly valuable … Don't look at me like that," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng still had a few red treasure chests, but he had not used them yet. Giving one to Hua Tianming was not a big deal.
However, while Luo Zheng thought this way, Hua Tianming naturally did not think this way. In fact, the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall who were watching this scene did not think this way either. Each of them had an envious expression on their faces. In their hearts, Luo Zheng was even richer than a nouveau riche. Each of them was eager to jump over and make friends with Luo Zheng …
These elite disciples of the Cloud Hall were not of poor birth. As people from the Central Domain, the worst of them came from second-rank family forces. This second-rank family force was enough to be on par with the Blue Cloud Sect. However, for them to take out a treasure like "soul essence" as a gift, they were absolutely unwilling to do so.
"Alright, we are from the same sect after all. Don't worry about this small matter," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a soft voice in his ear. "Hey! You've been in the Cloud Hall for so many days, yet you didn't contact me! I specially gave you a purple cloud card, and you didn't even thank me. You really can keep your composure! "
Little Butterfly's sound transmission token was in Luo Zheng's hands. This way, they could talk without a sound transmission talisman. However, when Little Butterfly's words suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's ear, it gave Luo Zheng a fright.
In fact, Luo Zheng really should thank Little Butterfly. At least because of that purple cloud card, Luo Zheng did not suffer any difficulties during his time in the Cloud Hall. He was able to peacefully cultivate!
When Luo Zheng had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had suffered all kinds of difficulties. Now, the treatment he received in the Cloud Hall was completely different. Most people were polite to him.
"Thank you for what? I haven't forgotten that I still have half of the Heaven End Dao Fruit Tree, right? There are still many things that I haven't gotten. Who should thank who? "Luo Zheng directly used his true essence sound transmission to send a message to Little Butterfly.
"As a man, aren't you a bit too stingy? Moreover, your current boundary is too low. It's not yet time for you to swallow the Heaven End Dao Fruit Tree. You should obediently cultivate. But … it's too boring for you to cultivate like this in the practice room. I've prepared a big gift for you, hehe … "Little Butterfly laughed.

Chapter 398
The top of the Cloud Hall was wrapped in layers of thick clouds that couldn't be dispersed. The palace at the top wasn't built with bricks, but was carved out of mysterious ice. This was an ice palace.
These mysterious ice crystals were sparkling and translucent, emitting a biting cold air. Even in the middle of summer, when there were no clouds for thousands of miles and the sun shone directly on it, it wouldn't melt in the slightest.
If an ordinary person approached these mysterious ice crystals, within a few breaths of time, their blood would be frozen into ice cubes and their entire body would turn into a sculpture.
On the throne carved out of mysterious ice, Xiao Die's white feet were bare as she lazily leaned against the back, looking at the letter tablet in front of her with a grin. Beside her, a small ice phoenix was nestled in her embrace. This little ice phoenix looked even more beautiful than before, and its feathers were more plump.
Beside Xiao Die, there was a middle-aged man in green clothes. His expression was solemn as he stood motionless.
"Alright, Daoist Master Big Dream, it's time for you to make a move," Xiao Die indifferently said.
Daoist Master Big Dream was also an elder of the Cloud Hall. He was proficient in the power of space and illusions. He and Mister Zhuo could be considered as the left and right arms of the Cloud Hall. Both of them were at the peak of their strength, and their strength was almost equal.
"Hall Master, is this really okay?" Daoist Master Big Dream was somewhat hesitant.
"What's wrong with it? This guy is especially hateful. He should have been taught a lesson long ago!" Xiao Die said as she wrinkled her small nose.
"Even if he divided half of the inheritance, in the end, he is still a disciple of the Cloud Hall. As you said, this kid's talent is extremely high, enough to be classified as a saint rank genius. He is also worthy of being nurtured by our Cloud Hall. Those inheritances were not wasted on him," Daoist Master Big Dream said as he shook his head.
Xiao Die glanced at Daoist Master Big Dream, and her voice suddenly became cold, "What should be done, I know better than you. Just do as I say."
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Daoist Master Dameng's expression turned cold. Then, he nodded, "Since Palace Master believes that using this method can train Luo Zheng, then I have no more concerns."
In fact, Daoist Master Big Dream wasn't worried about Luo Zheng's life or death. Instead, he was astonished by Little Butterfly's way of doing things. This Palace Master … was still a bit too young. Daoist Master Big Dream sighed in his heart. Soon after, he stretched out his hand and ten spots of light appeared on each of his ten fingers. Those spots of light rapidly transformed into white energy lines that rapidly extended out of the ice palace …
Luo Zheng was still communicating with Xiao Die. "What big gift? Make it clear!"
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a trace of energy fluctuation around him. Because of Xiao Die's words, Luo Zheng had a hunch that it was definitely not a good thing, so he almost retreated out of reflex.
Hua Tianming and the other Cloud Hall disciples were baffled. Why did this guy suddenly jump up and down?
Immediately after, they saw Luo Zheng's body stiffen. It was as if someone had cast a Body Securing Talisman on him. He stood there motionless.
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
Luo Zheng didn't answer Hua Tianming's question and ran up without saying a word.
At this time, Luo Zheng discovered that his body didn't belong to him at all. He felt as if there was a thin line that cut off his control over his body. Then, he felt many thin lines connecting to his body, constantly stimulating his muscles and making his body run.
In other words, he was being controlled.
This was one of Daoist Master Big Dream's abilities. He could seize control of another person's body when they were caught off guard.
However, this ability of Daoist Master Big Dream's was limited in actual combat. He didn't need to control people weaker than him, but he couldn't control people stronger than him. The biggest use of this ability was to control puppets. Using this method to control puppets would greatly increase the puppet's combat power, allowing it to do as it pleased.
Luo Zheng ran all the way in the Cloud Hall. Soon, he arrived in front of a gray building.
He couldn't help but walk over and kick the door of the gray building.
This grey building was a battle arena where the disciples of the Cloud Palace sparred with each other. However, the strength of the disciples of the Cloud Palace was also divided into different levels. Generally, the disciples of the Cloud Palace held red and green cloud tokens.
Their strength was distributed among those who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. The highest cultivation was around the sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm.
Before Luo Zheng opened the door, some disciples were in the middle of a fight in the fighting arena. The most eye-catching fight was between Zhuo Bufan and Zhuo Feiling!
Zhuo Feiling was Zhuo Bufan's brother. He was three years older than Zhuo Bufan and was stronger than Zhuo Bufan.
However, although Zhuo Feiling was stronger than Zhuo Bufan, his status in the family was not as high as Zhuo Bufan's because Zhuo Feiling's talent was not as good as Zhuo Bufan's.
As long as Zhuo Bufan continued to cultivate, it would only be a matter of time before he surpassed his brother.
Of course, at this stage, Zhuo Bufan was far from being Zhuo Feiling's opponent. At this moment, the two of them were holding long spears and attacking each other. For a moment, the fighting arena was filled with spear shadows, dazzling the eyes of the onlookers.
After all, they were the sons of Mister Zhuo. Moreover, the two of them were indeed strong! At least, the strength they displayed was far beyond their peers!
"Bang!"
The door was suddenly kicked open. Everyone heard the noise and looked at the door in unison.
This was the arena. If one were to casually provoke others, they would be defeated in a matter of minutes. Therefore, everyone was very low-key when they came here. It was wise to leave some leeway. After all, if they were to lose in a spar, they wouldn't be beaten too badly.
Therefore, when they heard someone kick the door, many of the Cloud Hall's elites had strange expressions on their faces.
When they saw that Luo Zheng was a Xiantian lifeform, they were all stunned. Since when could a Xiantian lifeform become an elite of the Cloud Hall? Since when could a Xiantian lifeform be so arrogant?
Most of these Cloud Hall elites didn't know Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng had just joined the Cloud Hall. Only the warriors who came in with him knew him. The only one who knew about Luo Zheng's background was Zhuo Bufan!
They all looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions and thought in their hearts, "What is this guy trying to do?"
Luo Zheng really didn't want to do anything! He cursed Little Butterfly to death in his heart. Now he finally understood what Little Butterfly's "big gift" was!
He wasn't afraid of challenging opponents, but wasn't Little Butterfly a little too impatient? At least let him cultivate for a while more, or at least wait until he broke through a few realms. But now, she actually wanted to control his body and break into this fighting arena. Wasn't that too much …
What was even more excessive was yet to come.
Luo Zheng's body involuntarily walked in. Then, he raised his middle finger at the disciples of the Cloud Hall and said at the same time, "A bunch of trash. Who dares to challenge me?"
As soon as these words came out, the entire arena fell silent. Luo Zheng wanted to cry but had no tears. These weren't his words at all. Luo Zheng couldn't even move a finger. He couldn't even explain.
"Little Butterfly! I'll definitely make you pay! " Luo Zheng roared in his heart!
After saying this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that the control of his body seemed to have returned to him. He moved his wrist and said to the crowd with a smile, "Sorry, I just walked into the wrong door …"
Then, Luo Zheng turned his head and was about to walk out. However, Zhuo Feiling, who was in the fighting arena, sneered, "You want to leave after being arrogant? No way! "Zhuo Feiling stretched out his hand and gently sucked, and the door of the gray building instantly closed.
"Interesting!" Zhuo Feiling jumped down from the fighting arena and walked towards Luo Zheng. "There's actually a Xiantian lifeform among the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. This is really rare. And this Xiantian lifeform dares to challenge us so arrogantly. This is even more ridiculous! Who dares to challenge you? Let me tell you, I dare! "
Luo Zheng stretched out his hands and made an apologetic gesture. Then, he smiled and said, "Just now … I didn't say those words! Listen to me … "
"Brother, he's Luo Zheng! The first place of this year's Road of Trials! "At this time, Zhuo Bufan also came up and said behind Zhuo Feiling.
As soon as Zhuo Bufan said this, the crowd immediately understood Luo Zheng's identity. They didn't know Luo Zheng, but they had all heard of Luo Zheng's name! It was that guy whose cultivation was so low that it made people's hair stand on end, but his strength was very strong.
"Oh? So that's how it is. You're the one who made my father very angry, "Zhuo Feiling said coldly." In that case, there's no need to explain anything! "
At this time, Zhuo Bufan flashed in front of Zhuo Feiling. "Brother, you don't need to show up for this kind of little mouse. I can easily trample him to death! These guys from small places often don't know the immensity of heaven and earth. They really need to be taught a good lesson to make them obedient. "
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to explain. After all, he was really wronged. However, after hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Luo Zheng suddenly lost interest in explaining. Anyway, he couldn't explain clearly, so he might as well be arrogant!
"Teach? Yes, I like to teach. But it's me who will teach you! "Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and said indifferently.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 399
To be honest, Luo Zheng had just entered the Cloud Hall and did not want to cause trouble. He still needed time to digest the savings he had gained from the Trial Taker's Path. Cultivating peacefully and steadily was probably the best choice for him.
However, Little Butterfly obviously did not intend to let Luo Zheng live so peacefully. She actually used this method.
Little Butterfly's strength in the Trial Taker's Path was only at the Divine Reflection Realm. According to Qinglong, she should have dispersed all her cultivation and started cultivating again. She had just returned to the Cloud Hall, so it was impossible for her strength to increase so quickly. She probably asked other experts in the Cloud Hall to control her body.
[This girl is trying to force me into a dead end …]
However, since he was already here, he might as well make the best of it. Since Little Butterfly had painstakingly brought him here, he had no reason to escape. Besides, even if he wanted to leave, he could not.
A ruthless look flashed across Zhuo Bufan's face.
When he was cultivating in the Yun Sect, Zhuo Bufan had never hated anyone. Everyone who saw Zhuo Bufan thought that he was an elegant young master with an extraordinary bearing.
That was because Zhuo Bufan had never put anyone of the same level as him in his eyes. Since he did not put others in his eyes, he would not care about them!
However, in the face of Luo Zheng, it was difficult for Zhuo Bufan to be magnanimous. Zhuo Bufan felt that his talent and luck were the best of the best, and no one of the same level could compare to him. However, the Trial Taker's Path had given Zhuo Bufan a big blow. He did not expect that such a monstrous figure would appear in a small second-grade sect. Whether it was talent or potential, Luo Zheng would be far stronger than him in the future!
Zhuo Bufan boasted that he was the most talented genius in the history of the Cloud Hall. He would never allow such a person to exist, so he had long been thinking about how to make trouble for Luo Zheng.
Firstly, he wanted to force Luo Zheng to reveal the secrets of the Trial Taker's Path. Secondly, Luo Zheng still had a large amount of Black Nightmare Essence in his hands. How could these things fall into the hands of a guy from a small corner of the Eastern Domain? Wouldn't that be a waste of God's gifts?
That day, when his father was interrogating Luo Zheng, he received a Voice-transmitting Talisman and suddenly retreated. Zhuo Bufan did not know what was going on, but since his father did not intervene, he, as his son, would do it.
"Luo Zheng, do you think that your performance on the path of the Trial Challengers will allow you to reach the heavens in a single bound? You are not qualified to teach me! If you don't believe me, "Zhuo Bufan pulled out the white spear in his hand and pointed it at Luo Zheng," the spear in my hand will make you believe me! "
When martial artists sparred, they rarely used the tip of their spear or sword to point at their opponent. This was because this was an unreasonable provocation. Unless it was a battle to the death or they simply looked down on their opponent, they would not do so under normal circumstances.
Zhuo Bufan's situation was naturally the latter. Although Luo Zheng's strength was powerful, it was not in Zhuo Bufan's eyes.
Luo Zheng looked coldly at Zhuo Bufan's white spear. Today's battle was unavoidable. Zhuo Bufan's spear was indeed very powerful! Even Pei Tianyao's Cyan Lotus Hellfire could not burn through the skin of the Flying Yaksha, but Zhuo Bufan could use the spear in his hand to kill the Flying Yaksha.
He silently took out his Bloodthirsty Sword and said in an indifferent tone, "Whether I am qualified or not, it is indeed not up to me to decide. Then let's see if your spear has the final say or if my sword has the final say!"
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, he took the lead to make a move. His figure hung upside down and made a strange and unpredictable sword step. The sharp blade of the Bloodthirsty Sword cut through the air and stabbed toward Zhuo Bufan!
The advantage of a spear was its length. As the saying went, the longer the spear, the stronger the spear was. Luo Zheng took the lead to attack because he wanted to quickly get close to Zhuo Bufan and drag him into a state of entanglement.
However, Zhuo Bufan had been practicing the spear for more than ten years since he was a child. How could he not understand this principle?
He turned around and made a feint. Streaks of spear energy formed an impenetrable wall, which swept toward Luo Zheng in an overwhelming manner.
No matter how fast Luo Zheng was or how strong his body movement was, he was afraid that he could not avoid these spears. He could only retreat.
As the distance between them increased, Zhuo Bufan's spear momentum became more violent. The silver spear tip approached Luo Zheng's chest again and again, but Luo Zheng dodged it with his strange sword steps.
"Piercing Air!"
"Reincarnation Piercing!"
"Revolving Killing Stab!"
Zhuo Bufan stabbed out three times in a row. The long spear cut through the air, bringing with it a sharp sound of wind.
In the face of Zhuo Bufan's sharp spear moves, Luo Zheng was also very cautious. He constantly used his "hanging sword" to resist, but the space in this building was limited. In addition, every spear move of Zhuo Bufan made him retreat a lot. After three moves, Luo Zheng was forced into a corner by Zhuo Bufan.
At this time, a strange smile appeared on Zhuo Bufan's face. After passing the Trial Taker's Road, he had already judged Luo Zheng's strength. Luo Zheng was stronger than Hua Tianming and slightly stronger than Pei Tianyao, but there was still a certain gap between him and Zhuo Bufan.
If Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, Zhuo Bufan might not be a match for Luo Zheng. Unfortunately … this guy was too impatient. He was just a Xiantian lifeform, but he dared to provoke him so arrogantly. He was simply reckless!
Since he was a reckless guy, he had to pay a heavy price.
"Revolving Spear Demon God Twist!"
Zhuo Bufan suddenly flew up. His whole body suddenly became one with the white spear in his hand, and he flew toward Luo Zheng, who was in the corner.
Flying was forbidden in the Trial Taker's Road, so Zhuo Bufan had to rely on the power of his feet to jump up to use this move. However, in the Cloud Hall, there was naturally no need for this.
Luo Zheng could no longer retreat. He had been forced into a corner. He frowned and stared at Zhuo Bufan, watching him become one with his white spear and strangling towards himself. This move was the one that had killed the Flying Yaksha. It was very powerful. Luo Zheng had seen it before!
Although Luo Zheng's spiritual body had very strong defensive power, according to Luo Zheng's estimation, it was still slightly weaker than the transformed Flying Yaksha. Since this "Revolving Spear Demon God Twist" could kill the Flying Yaksha, it could also kill him.
"I really admire a Xiantian lifeform for being able to do this. But looking at this guy, I don't think he can resist Zhuo Bufan's spear," said an elite of the Cloud Hall.
Zhuo Feiling, who was watching the battle from the side, laughed and said, "Nonsense. Although this move is Bufan's trump card, it is not his strongest killing move! If Bufan uses his' Annihilation Spear ', I'm afraid even I have to be careful! "
"This guy does have the right to be arrogant, but it's a pity that he is too impatient. When he steps into the Divine Reflection Stage, I'm afraid he can really defeat us." Another elite of the Cloud Hall also looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. Just Luo Zheng's sword steps had already convinced him.
Zhuo Bufan's "Revolving Spear Demon God Twist" almost arrived in front of Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye. The spear tip, which was spinning at high speed, formed a turbulent vortex, which seemed to be able to crush everything close to it into powder!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed. From the tip of his [Bloodthirst], a purplish black light lit up. That light was Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Vital Essence.
Then Luo Zheng's wrist turned slightly, and the [Bloodthirst] moved with Luo Zheng's wrist, drawing a perfect circle in the air. At the same time, the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence began to rotate along this circle. The faster Luo Zheng's wrist turned, the faster the circle spun. Soon, a "Wheel of Death" appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Although Zhuo Bufan saw this black circle, he did not doubt it. His "Revolving Spear Demon God Twist" was extremely powerful. No matter what stood in front of it, it would be crushed into powder! This was what it meant to defeat ten with one's strength! No matter how ingenious Luo Zheng's methods were, they could only be juggling in front of his absolute strength.
But when Zhuo Bufan's spear tip reached into the black circle, he suddenly felt an even stronger force driving him to rotate. At the same time, his spear tip was tightly sucked into the black circle.
"What's going on?"
Zhuo Bufan suddenly felt dizzy. The [Revolving Spear Demon God Twist] was originally maintained at a high speed, but this black circle suddenly increased the speed of his rotation by several times!
The onlooking elites of Cloud Palace had also noticed something strange. At first, they thought that Zhuo Bufan had done it on purpose. After all, the faster the spinning speed of Zhuo Bufan's Revolving Spear Demon and God Twist, the more powerful it was, but …
Wasn't Zhuo Bufan rotating too fast? Because the rotating speed was too fast, they could not see Zhuo Bufan's expression clearly. Because of the high-speed rotation, his whole body looked like a white thing, like a white silver carp twisting its body.
At this time, a smile flashed on Luo Zheng's face. Through these days of cultivation, he had become familiar with some of the characteristics of this "Wheel of Death".
The first move of the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 seemed to be to use True Essence to construct a high-speed rotating True Essence wheel. Then, this True Essence wheel could suck in everything that passed through it and then shoot it out! Luo Zheng could not explain the principle behind it clearly. After all, Luo Zheng had not mastered the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》. He had only mastered the rudimentary form of the "Wheel of Death".
He was merely guessing whether the Wheel of Annihilation would be able to absorb Zhuo Bufan's spear, and that was why he'd executed this move. If the Wheel of Annihilation was unable to resist Zhuo Bufan's spear, then he would immediately summon Yao Ye and the Blood Demon Emperor's enormous sword and utilize it to block the spear! However, most of the Cloud Hall disciples had seen that giant sword on the path of the Trial Challengers. If he casually summoned it, it would be a little troublesome.
However, he did not expect the "Wheel of Death" to be so effective. At the very least, Zhuo Bufan seemed to be in a rather miserable state right now …
The whistling sound of the wind blew past Zhuo Bufan's ears. His spinning speed grew faster and faster, and he was almost unable to stop. Due to the spinning speed being too fast, his consciousness was almost blurred. However, the spinning speed was too fast, and he could not even speak. He could only tightly grip his white spear and not let go.
The few Cloud Hall elites revealed astonished expressions. They were completely unable to understand what was happening before their eyes!
Zhuo Feiling naturally could not tell that the black ring Luo Zheng was using was the Blood Demon Emperor's 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》. However, he felt that Zhuo Bufan's current situation was very troublesome. He could only coldly say, "Kid, that's enough! Let go of Zhuo Bufan! "
However, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to him. Instead, he sneered and said, "It's not like he has no arms or legs. He can choose to let go!"
Indeed, Luo Zheng's "Wheel of Death" had only sucked in Zhuo Bufan's spear. It did not suck in Zhuo Bufan's arms and legs. As long as he let go of his weapon, he would be able to escape.
"I told you to let go!" Zhuo Feiling said coldly. He held a blood-red spear in his hand. He actually wanted to attack!
"Alright, since your Zhuo Clan is so shameless, sending two of you when you can't beat me, I'll let him go." Luo Zheng smiled coldly and waved his hand, stopping the "Wheel of Death" abruptly.

Chapter 400
Seeing this scene, the dozen or so elites of the Cloud Hall were stunned, and no one spoke.
Most of these elites of the Cloud Hall were at the fourth or sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm, which was slightly higher than Zhuo Bufan's realm. But in terms of real strength, they were not much stronger than Zhuo Bufan. After all, a Heaven-grade genius like Zhuo Bufan was far stronger than his cultivation on the surface. It was not difficult for Zhuo Bufan to challenge someone of a higher realm.
But this Heaven-grade genius, who took challenging someone of a higher realm as his daily routine, was now being challenged by someone of a higher realm …
What was even more unacceptable was that this guy was only at the fourth stage of the Xiantian realm.
It was still acceptable for Zhuo Bufan, who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, to challenge someone in the fourth or fifth tier of the Divine Reflection Realm. After all, they were all in the Divine Reflection Realm, and Zhuo Bufan's talent and resources were all there. He had grown up under the careful nurturing of Mister Zhuo. A meal could make many warriors go bankrupt. How could they compare?
But Luo Zheng had crossed a whole realm! How big was the gap between the Xiantian realm and the Divine Reflection Realm? Everyone present had experienced it before, so how could they not know?
No wonder this guy was so arrogant. He really had the capital to be arrogant.
While many elite disciples were shocked, Zhuo Bufan jumped up from the big pit. At this moment, his hair was disheveled and his eyes were red. There was no trace of elegance and handsomeness.
But at this time, Zhuo Bufan gave people a very dangerous feeling, as if he was an enraged beast. His eyes seemed to turn into nails, firmly nailing Luo Zheng. He said in a hoarse voice, "Luo Zheng! No matter who your backer is, I want you dead! "
At first, Zhuo Bufan did not intend to kill Luo Zheng. That day, after Zhuo Bufan's father heard someone's Zhenyuan sound transmission, he immediately escaped without saying a word. The person who spoke must be a top figure of the Cloud Hall. It was not difficult to guess. Maybe it was the Hall Master!
Therefore, when Zhuo Bufan fought with Luo Zheng, he left some leeway and did not really want to kill him.
But at this time, Zhuo Bufan was completely enraged. His reason was like ice and snow in the hot summer, which had long melted away! Gray death aura appeared on his body, as if it was the aura of someone who had been dead for a long time.
From his Bai Qiang Qiang's body, the Dragon Tattoo also quietly appeared. Traces of blood-red light constantly appeared on the Dragon Tattoo. When the red light reached its peak, the color actually changed again. The blood-red light slowly dimmed, and was replaced by a black Dragon Tattoo. Moreover, there was a steaming Death Qi blooming from it.
"Bufan, are you going to use that skill?" Zhuo Feiling's expression changed.
Upon hearing Zhuo Feiling's words, the faces of the Cloud Hall's elite disciples changed.
Annihilation Spear …
Most people had heard of this move because it was Mister Zhuo's signature move!
It was said that to cultivate this "Annihilation Spear", one must be born with the ability to communicate with the underworld.
The Underworld was an incomprehensible existence to the martial artists of the Great Thousand World. The records of the Underworld in many secret books and legends were also vague.
In the Cloud Hall, only Mister Zhuo and Zhuo Bufan had this special talent! This was also the reason why Mister Zhuo had so many children, but nurtured Zhuo Bufan as a treasure. With this special ability, as long as he grew up, it was very likely that he would surpass Mister Zhuo.
Bits of black death aura escaped from Zhuo Bufan's body and curled around his white spear. Surrounded by this death aura, Zhuo Bufan's face looked particularly terrifying.
In the ice palace at the top of the Cloud Hall, Xiao Die and Daoist Master Dameng were staring at Xin Gui.
"Zhuo Bufan is going to use the Annihilation Spear. Although his spear is not very mature, its power is still very terrifying. I'm afraid that Luo Zheng won't be able to block it …" In Daoist Master Dameng's opinion, if Luo Zheng couldn't block this spear, the consequences would be very serious. The Annihilation Spear, as its name implied, could destroy almost everything. Zhuo Bufan had just been beaten so badly by Luo Zheng, so it was impossible for him to hold back when he used this spear in anger.
Xiao Die's eyes seemed to be covered with a layer of icy mist, and her gaze was unfathomable. "No need, let Luo Zheng block it himself. I think he should be able to. The power of the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 is not any weaker than the 《Annihilation Spear》."
Xiao Die was very familiar with the Annihilation Spear. Back then, she had taken a fancy to Zhuo Bufan's Annihilation Spear and planned to use him to break the barrier. But in the end, she chose Luo Zheng. Perhaps this was the will of the underworld!
What kind of person was the Demon Blood Emperor? Since he had chosen the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 as his main cultivation technique, how could it be inferior to the 《Annihilation Spear》? Even if Luo Zheng had just started cultivating, Xiao Die was very confident in Luo Zheng! What's more, what Xiao Die was doing now was to test Luo Zheng's intentions.
It was just that although Daoist Big Dream had heard that Xiao Die was able to obtain the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritance mostly because of Luo Zheng's help, he still had some reservations about Luo Zheng's true strength. Just like what most people saw, Luo Zheng's cultivation realm was too low …
But since Xiao Die was so confident, Daoist Big Dream couldn't say much. He could only quietly watch Xin Gui.
Strands of gray death qi gathered on Zhuo Bufan's white spear. Just by looking at this death qi, one would feel that one's soul was affected, as if it could corrode one's soul. Zhuo Bufan held the white spear in his hand, as if he was a ghost from the underworld. "My 《Annihilation Spear》 can shatter all techniques in the world! Luo Zheng, let's see how you deal with this spear! "
Looking at this spear that had reached the pinnacle of power, Luo Zheng's expression became serious. He started to rotate the 《Killing Wheel》 …
At the same time, he continuously extracted three portions of infernal qi from the Slaughtering Sword Mountain!
Cultivation techniques that used infernal qi were so tyrannical. One portion of infernal qi could erupt with great power, and three portions of infernal qi were even more terrifying.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have a lot of infernal qi in reserve. When he had returned to the Luo family, he had obtained several portions of infernal qi from killing the blood prisoners. After entering the Trial Challenger Path, he had gathered them in bits and pieces and stored them in the Slaughtering Sword Mountain. In addition, Luo Zheng had also obtained several portions of infernal qi from killing hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares on the Path of Death.
At this time, Luo Zheng had expended three portions of infernal qi in one breath. He was also somewhat distressed, but facing such a terrifying spear from Zhuo Bufan, he had no choice but to be careful.
"Die for me!"
The Annihilation Spear was mixed with a thick aura of death as it fiercely stabbed towards Luo Zheng. Even the spectating Cloud Hall elites felt their hearts tighten when they saw this spear. Zhuo Bufan had indeed obtained all of Mister Zhuo's inheritance. Putting aside the power of this spear, the oppressive feeling it gave off was unexpectedly strong!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's long sword trembled, and three portions of infernal qi erupted at the same time!
Generally, people who cultivated the Path of Slaughter would have layers of infernal qi on their bodies. When ordinary people saw this kind of person, they would feel that their infernal qi was very heavy. Just like Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Yao Ye, if he summoned it, others would be able to feel his infernal qi at a glance.
However, Luo Zheng had stored his infernal qi in the Slaughtering Sword Mountain. Before he used his infernal qi, he looked like an ordinary person without the slightest trace of infernal qi. But when he suddenly erupted with infernal qi, it was as if he was possessed by a demon god.
"Hey, why has Luo Zheng's aura completely changed? The infernal qi is so heavy. He doesn't seem to be walking the Path of Slaughter!"
"Yeah, I couldn't feel the slightest trace of infernal qi from him before. Why is this …"
"He actually walked the Path of Slaughter. Isn't he afraid of the infernal qi in his body?"
While many disciples were puzzled, Luo Zheng had already channeled the three portions of infernal qi into his [Bloodthirsty Sword]. Then he lifted his foot, pulled back his arm, and suddenly leaned forward. His sword fiercely stabbed towards the [Wheel of Death].
"Xiu!"
A blood-colored infernal qi as thick as an arm shot out from the [Wheel of Death]!
Generally speaking, when the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall came here to exchange pointers, they wouldn't use their true strength. The exchange of pointers would generally stop at a certain point.
But at this time, both of them had used their strongest moves. Those elite disciples who were originally very close to them were now constantly retreating, for fear of being affected by the two of them.
"Ding!"
To everyone's surprise, they were originally afraid that the exchange of blows between the two of them would produce terrifying aftershocks. But in fact, the moment the two of them exchanged blows, there was only a slight crisp sound. Luo Zheng's [Bloodthirsty Sword] just happened to touch Zhuo Bufan's white spear.
That white spear actually began to shatter little by little in front of everyone's eyes. Moreover, it shattered very thoroughly. This middle-grade spiritual weapon was like rotten wood, disintegrating into little white fragments.
When the white spear continued to shatter and finally spread to Zhuo Bufan's hand, Zhuo Bufan's arm was seen to be twisted in an inconceivable shape. At the same time, it was constantly emitting crackling sounds …
One could imagine that the bones in Zhuo Bufan's right arm were probably shattered into pieces, just like the white spear in his hand.
"Ah!"
The bones in his arm were broken inch by inch. The intense pain made Zhuo Bufan scream miserably. At the same time, he kept rolling on the ground.
Zhuo Feiling quickly walked to Zhuo Bufan's side. He took out a white elixir that exuded an elegant fragrance and stuffed it into Zhuo Bufan's mouth. Zhuo Bufan's arm was thus crippled. Although it could be healed by elixirs, it would take a long time for the bones to completely heal. Not only that, even if the injury on the arm was healed, the strength of the bones would be greatly reduced.
Zhuo Feiling's face was gloomy. He stood up and stared at Luo Zheng with a sneer. "You're very good. Not only did you block Zhuo Bufan's spear, you also crippled his arm."
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he smiled faintly, "If you want to denounce me, then I advise you to save your breath. If I didn't cripple his arm, then he would have taken my life. If that's the case, then crippling his arm is considered light. Logically speaking, I should have killed him."
"You're courting death!" Zhuo Feiling spat out these two words. Finally, he stabbed his blood-red spear towards Luo Zheng.
Zhuo Feiling's cultivation was at the ninth stage of the Xiantian realm. He was only one step away from the Divine Reflection realm. This kind of powerhouse was far stronger than any of Luo Zheng's opponents.
However, when Zhuo Feiling stabbed his spear, Luo Zheng's body suddenly floated up and flew up.