Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.7

Chapter 601
"Not bad!" Luo Zheng praised.
The corners of Xia Shuang's mouth rose slightly as she smiled, "I'm still far from your level!"
After all, Xia Shuang was a level-10 warlord, and Luo Zheng had only been a level-10 warlord before. Even after refining the Light of Creation, Luo Zheng was only a level-1 warlord now.
However, Xia Shuang knew that she was far from being Luo Zheng's opponent.
Aside from Xia Shuang, the other human warriors on the tenth floor also gathered around. Even Xing Hui, who was mad with jealousy towards Luo Zheng, had a respectful expression on his face.
Now, not only had Luo Zheng shocked the entire Tower of Sin, but he had also alarmed the entire Purple Heart Holy Land.
When Luo Zheng first entered the Tower of Sin, the Purple Heart Holy Land believed that as long as Luo Zheng matured, he would be able to obtain a seat for the Human Race.
The Human Race was so weak that they would be very satisfied if they could obtain another seat in the Tower of Sin. After all, the four seats they currently had weren't easy to obtain.
As Luo Zheng climbed up, the strength and potential he displayed became greater and greater. The higher-ups of the Tower of Sin and the Purple Heart Holy Land paid more and more attention to Luo Zheng. Especially after Lord Jing met with Luo Zheng, he concluded that not only would Luo Zheng obtain a seat, but he would also obtain a seat at the front. At the very least, he would be able to obtain one of the top thirty seats out of the 128!
Lord Jing's evaluation was already very high! This was because ever since the Human Race entered the Tower of Sin, no one had been able to obtain a seat in the top fifty!
It was also from that moment onwards that the four seat holders at the top of the Tower of Sin paid close attention to Luo Zheng's movements. No one expected that Luo Zheng would have such a huge conflict with the Demon Race after coming out of the Innate Stele. He had even implicated the Demon Night Clan.
What was even more unexpected was that Luo Zheng had turned the entire situation around by himself. Even the two Battle-Saints that the Demon Race had kept in the Tower of Sin had fallen at Luo Zheng's hands …
Luo Zheng's performance had exceeded Lord Jing's evaluation time and time again. Of course, it had also exceeded the expectations of all the races on the Sea God Continent.
All the Holy Lands on the Sea God Continent had their eyes fixed on the Tower of Sin. Now, Luo Zheng's name had spread across the entire Sea God Continent in just a few days.
The Sea God Continent was the same as the Central Domain. Geniuses who had the potential to enter the Divine Sea Realm were all called God-Level Geniuses. However, since Luo Zheng's name had the word "Sky Rank" on the Talent Stele, Luo Zheng had naturally become a "Sky Rank Genius" in the mouths of millions of creatures!
Only Luo Zheng himself knew why he was called a Demi-Immortal. Most likely, Luo Zheng had been recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan.
"Lord Jing told me to tell you something. Let's go to the residential area to talk," Xia Shuang said. This was naturally not a good place to talk.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that the Purple Heart Holy Land had a request for him. Luo Zheng's appearance was a great opportunity for the human race. The Holy Lands of the Sea God Continent's more than a dozen races circled around the Tower of Sin. Almost all of them were built around the Tower of Sin.
The strength of the Tower of Sin directly reflected the strength of the Holy Lands.
Just like how the Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan controlled the most seats, the Demon Race's Holy Lands and the Demon Night Clan's Holy Lands were the most powerful.
If Luo Zheng could help the human race obtain more than ten seats, the more seats the human race would have. The chances of entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave would also be higher. These things were practically of the same origin. All the races on the Sea God Continent had to pay attention to it!
Outside a secret room on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, several tenth rank human champions were standing guard.
In the secret room, under the faint yellow light, Xia Shuang's face was somewhat gentle. She did her best to make her smile more casual, but she was still slightly nervous.
It wasn't just Xia Shuang, Lord Jing, and the many War Reverends in the Tower of Sin, including the peak War Reverends and the four seat controllers, were all nervous and worried.
The reason was that Luo Zheng did not come from the Purple Heart Holy Land.
During this period of time, the Purple Heart Holy Land had launched a large-scale investigation on Luo Zheng. In the end, they had found a crucial piece of information. Luo Zheng had first appeared in the Heavenly Eagle Prairie!
The Purple Heart Holy Land had a faction stationed at the corner of the Heavenly Eagle Prairie. According to their feedback, Luo Zheng had suddenly appeared in the Heavenly Eagle Prairie without the Demon Race knowing. When Luo Zheng had first appeared, he had even rescued a group of people from the Demon Race's pasture!
The Heavenly Eagle Prairie was not a strategic location. Therefore, the Demon Race, the Human Race, and the Demon Night Clan had only sent a small portion of their forces to guard this place.
However, the three old monsters in the Divine Sea Realm in the Purple Heart Holy Land knew that there was actually an ancient teleportation array hidden in the Heavenly Eagle Prairie. The Human Race and the Demon Race had sent people into that teleportation array, but none of them had returned alive.
This ancient teleportation array must be a super long distance teleportation array.
Therefore, the humans in the Purple Heart Holy Land soon speculated that Luo Zheng did not come from the Sea God Continent. It was very likely that he came from another continent!
Luo Zheng was just a passerby. Although he was also a human, who could guarantee that he would be willing to help the Purple Heart Holy Land?
Moreover, the Sword Spirit that suddenly appeared next to Luo Zheng seemed to have a deep relationship with the Demon Night Clan. It was actually a king of the Demon Night Clan. Although the Demon Night Clan was fundamentally different from the Demon Race, they were not on good terms with the Human Race.
Everything depended on Luo Zheng's willpower and determination. Therefore, Master Jing gave this task to Xia Shuang. He wanted Xia Shuang to find out what Luo Zheng's intentions were.
Lord Jing even hinted that if it was possible, Xia Shuang had to make a sacrifice herself as well …
Xia Shuang was not a child. When she heard the word "sacrifice," she immediately blushed. The Human Race had been oppressed for so many years. It was not easy for them to grab onto a life-saving straw. They were indeed trembling with fear. They were afraid that Luo Zheng, this straw, would fly away.
As a god-level genius nurtured by the Purple Heart Holy Land, Xia Shuang could indeed "sacrifice" herself without hesitation. However, Xia Shuang knew that Luo Zheng was not someone who would do that. Master Jing and the higher-ups in the Purple Heart Holy Land were overthinking.
"What message did Master Jing ask you to send?" Seeing Xia Shuang's hesitation, Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Xia Shuang's eyes glittered. She was originally an extremely intelligent woman. After thinking for a while, she directly said, "Master Jing asked me to ask you. How far can you help us?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He instantly understood why Xia Shuang was hesitating. However, this straightforwardness was in line with Luo Zheng's character. He laughed mischievously and said, "If possible, I will clear out all the demons from the Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng's words made Xia Shuang suck in a breath of cold air. "Clear out the demons from the Tower of Sin? Can you do that? "
Luo Zheng shrugged. "I can't be sure. I can only try my best!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xia Shuang felt relieved. Although she had not been in contact with Luo Zheng for a long time, based on her understanding of Luo Zheng, he was not the kind of person who would speak without thinking. Unless he did not say anything, as long as he said something, he would do it.
"Right now, the demons should be divided internally. However, I suspect that they will look for you to negotiate," Xia Shuang said with a trace of worry on her face.
She only said half of her words, the other half was left unsaid. If the Devil Race promised Luo Zheng great benefits during the negotiation, would Luo Zheng change sides?
"Negotiate?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and said with a faint smile, "That will depend on their sincerity!"
The demons were indeed divided internally.
At the top of the Tower of Sin, there were a total of 128 spaces. Each space was a separate world, similar to the Sumeru Space in a Storage Ring. However, a Storage Ring could not store living things, while the spaces at the top of the Tower did not have this restriction.
Every seat holder had their own space. This was also the reason why there were always 128 seats at the top of the Tower of Sin.
Each space had a corresponding door, and each door had a number. For example, Ling Yan of the Yao Ye Clan was ranked first among the 128 seats, so her space was the first space.
As for Meng Tian, he was ranked second among the 128 seats, so his space was the second space.
During this period of time, the 26 seat holders of the fiend race would gather together every day, arguing endlessly!

Chapter 602
In Space 2, there was a huge mountain range. Lava flowed slowly on the mountain range, and hundreds of lava tributaries gathered together to form a huge lava waterfall!
The scarlet lava waterfall gathered in a lava pool at the bottom of the mountain range. The lava pool was like a demon's lair!
These spaces were actually equivalent to small chiliocosm.
Even a Divine Sea Realm Ranker was unable to create a small chiliocosm. Only the supreme experts in the upper realm could create a small chiliocosm.
These one hundred and twenty-eight spaces were equivalent to one hundred and twenty-eight small chiliocosm, and they originally existed in the Tower of Sin.
After obtaining the authority of this small chiliocosm, one could freely change the terrain of this small chiliocosm. One could even open up a mountain and create a pure land.
However, in this small chiliocosm, there was no Heaven and Earth Origin Qi, so it was impossible to cultivate.
Around the lava pool, there were twenty-six black stone pillars. The twenty-six seat holders of the Demon Clan were standing on top of the black stone pillars.
Meng Tian stood on the first stone pillar, his cold gaze swept across the area, and then said: "Luo Zheng has returned, but our opinions have not reached a consensus."
"We can just kill him directly! He is just a small war general. If we twenty-six Peak war reverends attack together, I'm afraid we can crush him into dust! "A Peak war reverend said sternly.
"Yes, if a war general can make us so afraid, where is the dignity of our Demon Clan? Where is our courage? "Another Peak war reverend echoed.
Meng Chong interrupted, "You guys are stronger than the two War Saints, Tianqiong and Tianhui? Even the two of them were unable to retaliate in front of Luo Zheng. Are you sure you can resist that brat? "
Meng Chong's words immediately caused many Peak war reverends to be speechless.
But immediately after, another Peak war reverend opened his mouth and said: "So what? Luo Zheng can indeed use the power of the Tower of Sin to kick us out of the Tower of Sin! But... Can he borrow this power to kill people? I don't think so! "
That day, Luo Zheng didn't personally kill the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race. He only kicked them out of the Tower of Sin and borrowed the power of the Cursed Land to kill Tianqiong and Tianhui.
However, everyone present was a peak War Reverend, so they would not be affected by the Cursed Land. So what if they were kicked out of the Tower of Sin by Luo Zheng? They could easily climb up from the first floor of the Tower of Sin …
Furthermore, with so many Peak war elder s swarming forward, they did not believe that Luo Zheng would be able to kick them all out in one go!
That was the point of contention.
How much control does Luo Zheng have over the Tower of Sin?
Could he directly use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill people? Or was it only possible to kick them out?
Only Luo Zheng himself knew the answer to this question …
Because of this, the Peak War Reverends were divided into two factions and had an intense debate. One faction believed that they should use all their strength to kill Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng died, everything would be over. They believed that even if Luo Zheng died, the Demon Race would not act blindly without thinking. As for the Human Race, they were not worthy of the Demon Race's scruples.
The other faction believed that Luo Zheng definitely had a hidden trump card. His control over the Tower of Sin was definitely beyond the imagination of the Demon Race. If they didn't kill Luo Zheng, the consequences would be unimaginable. They wouldn't even have the qualifications to negotiate.
"I have a compromise," said a short Peak War Reverend.
"Kuang Yuan, speak," said Meng Tian indifferently.
"Send the Night Clan's assassins to assassinate Luo Zheng again. This time, send the Night Clan's War Reverends," suggested the Peak War Reverend called Kuang Yuan.
"What kind of compromise is this!" sneered another Demon Race man.
Hearing his colleague's ridicule, Kuang Yuan's expression did not change. He continued, "Probe! Probe the extent of Luo Zheng's control over the Tower of Sin! "
If Luo Zheng could use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill people, then all the Peak War Reverends present would be fish on the chopping board. If even Battle Saints couldn't resist, then they wouldn't be able to resist!
But Luo Zheng could only kick people out of the Tower of Sin, so the Demon Race wouldn't be so worried about Luo Zheng …
Kuang Yuan pondered for a few days before coming up with this idea.
But just as he suggested it, Meng Tian shook his head and said, "I'm afraid it won't work. Luo Zheng isn't an idiot. Even if we assassinate him, it'll be very difficult to probe him. Moreover, the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race have secretly sent people to guard Luo Zheng. Even if the Night Clan's War Reverends are willing to sacrifice themselves for our Demon Race, it'll be very difficult for them to get close to Luo Zheng!"
"Then let's negotiate!" As soon as Meng Tian said this, another Demon Race War Reverend spoke up.
"Our Demon Race has long been unable to completely control the Tower of Sin. It's not impossible for us to give up some seats to the Human Race!"
"I just don't know what that brat wants! I feel that giving the Human Race five seats is enough! "
Many Peak War Reverends voiced their opinions, while Meng Tian stood on the stone pillar with his eyes closed. After everyone finished speaking, Meng Tian opened his eyes and said indifferently, "The Twin Devil Holy Land has already given their opinion. They want us to negotiate with that brat."
When Meng Tian said this, many Peak War Reverends couldn't help but roll their eyes.
Since the Holy Land had already given their opinion, why ask for their opinion? Did they have nothing better to do?
Although the Holy Land's hands couldn't reach into the Tower of Sin, the Holy Land was the foundation of the Demon Race. There would be a day when the Peak War Reverends would leave the Tower of Sin. Many things were still controlled by the Holy Land.
"Then let's negotiate!"
"I hope that brat doesn't push his luck!"
"He dares? Even if he can summon the wind and rain in the Tower of Sin, he can summon the wind and rain in the Purple Heart Holy Land. Outside the Cursed Lands, our Twin Devil Holy Land can easily destroy a small Purple Heart Holy Land! "
This was where the Demon Race's confidence came from. Even if Luo Zheng really became the controller of the Tower of Sin, he couldn't affect the outside of the Cursed Lands. The Purple Heart Holy Land couldn't resist the Demon Race's army!
Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to reach the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin.
Climbing to the top of the tower wasn't Luo Zheng's goal. His goal in entering the Tower of Sin was to cultivate and to obtain the inheritance of the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Staying on the tenth floor would allow him to obtain a large amount of Light of Creation, which was more than enough for Luo Zheng to cultivate. There wasn't much meaning in advancing too early.
However, the first few days were still fine. Although Luo Zheng defeated Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang, there were still many Level 10 Champions who challenged Luo Zheng.
In this world, there would never be a lack of arrogant warriors. In their opinion, Yue Shou couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, and Mu Qing Yang couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, but that didn't mean they couldn't defeat him.
On the first day after returning to the Tower of Sin, three Champions were defeated by Luo Zheng. On the second day, another three Champions were defeated by Luo Zheng. On the third day, a War Reverend challenged Luo Zheng.
It was a Beastman Race's Level 2 War Reverend.
Normally, very few creatures on the Sea God Continent would enter the Tower of Sin after reaching the War Reverend rank.
This Beastman War Reverend seemed to be an independent warrior who didn't come from the Beastman Race's Holy Land. This kind of independent warrior only focused on cultivating and didn't pay attention to the outside world.
However, once a War Reverend entered the Tower of Sin, he would be able to advance freely from the first floor to the tenth floor. He would only encounter obstacles on the eleventh floor!
This Beastman Race's Level 2 War Reverend didn't seem to know about Luo Zheng's deeds. From the first floor to the tenth floor, he only stayed on each floor for three days. When he reached the tenth floor and saw Luo Zheng win in the arena, no creature dared to challenge Luo Zheng again.
The Beastman War Reverend sneered, "A Level 1 War Champion of the Human Race? Heh! "
After saying that, he casually walked onto the arena.
Seeing a War Reverend challenge Luo Zheng, many Level 10 Champions on the tenth floor became interested. Mu Qing Yang, Xia Shuang, and the others also stood on the spectator stands.
However, looking at the Beastman in front of him, Luo Zheng frowned.
"Human brat, you're not satisfied with me as an opponent?" The Beastman War Reverend showed an unhappy expression. His bark-like face had a sneer.
"Indeed, I'm not satisfied. You climbed up without any Light of Creation …" Luo Zheng stayed on the tenth floor with the purpose of earning Light of Creation. The Beastman War Reverend in front of him didn't have any Light of Creation in his nameplate, so it was useless even if he won.
The Beastman War Reverend's face suddenly erupted with hostility. Luo Zheng's tone made it clear that he could defeat him. He suddenly grinned and said, "A few years ago, I ate human flesh. It was very delicious. If I defeat you, leave your flesh to me!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 603
This was the first time Luo Zheng had faced a war reverend after becoming a champion. Moreover, it was a second rank war reverend.
However, Mu Qing Yang and the other members of the Yao Ye Clan, as well as Xia Shuang and the other humans, weren't too worried.
When Luo Zheng was a tenth rank fighter, he had defeated Yue Shou, who was a tenth rank warrior. Everyone knew of Yue Shou's abilities. As the strongest god-ranked genius of the Twin Demon Holy Land, even a beginner war reverend might not be a match for him.
The beast race war reverend seemed impatient. As soon as he finished speaking, he unsheathed his two giant axes and charged at Luo Zheng.
The beastmen were short. The beast race war reverend in front of Luo Zheng didn't even reach Luo Zheng's chest. However, their bodies were sturdy, and their vitality was far stronger than other races. Fatal wounds to other races were nothing to the beastmen. Their recovery ability was also far stronger than other races.
Facing the beast race's charge, Luo Zheng had a calm smile on his face. He took out a longsword from his spatial ring!
Everyone was stunned when they saw the longsword in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Did this kid change his weapon again?"
"Wasn't it a low-grade saint grade longsword before? His current sword … "
"High-grade, a high-grade saint grade longsword. This guy's worth, oh my god …"
Even for the Holy Land, high-grade Saint Grade weapons were rare existences that could only be found by chance.
As a powerhouse of the Yao Ye Clan, Liu Yu naturally wouldn't lie to Xun. This sword and the weapon Liu Yu used were the only high-grade saint artifacts left in the Yao Ye Clan.
In the Sea God Continent, only the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land each had a high-grade saint artifact. The Sky Feather Holy Land only had two high-grade saint artifacts. The human race's Purple Heart Holy Land had a few mid-grade saint artifacts, but they didn't have a single high-grade saint artifact.
"Roar!"
As the beast race war reverend charged, the vital essence in his body erupted, releasing a black brilliance. At the same time, he let out a bestial roar.
Then, the battle-ax in his hand was thrown out. It circled in the air, and drew an arc in the air. Then, it strangled Luo Zheng from behind!
The Beast Race's War Senior also held another battle suit in his hand and slashed at Luo Zheng.
This way, Luo Zheng would have to face a pincer attack from the Beast Race's War Reverends. With the power of this battle axe, if he wasn't careful, he might be split in two.
However, Luo Zheng was very calm. He didn't attack with his sword. Instead, he suddenly somersaulted in the air. It was as if he had eyes on his back. He accurately dodged the battle axe that was attacking him from behind. At the same time, he kicked out heavily!
The originally spiraling battle axe's speed more than doubled as it continued to fly towards the Beast Clan's war elder.
Unexpectedly, the Beast Race Reverend grinned and caught his battle axe with a flip of his hand. Before Luo Zheng landed on the ground, the Beast Race Reverend released his Vital Spirit a second time and quickly approached Luo Zheng.
"Savage Slash!"
The huge battle axe waved out rays of golden light, twisting Luo Zheng's figure into pieces. While twisting, the Beast Race Reverend roared, "Break into pieces for me, wahahaha! You can't even withstand a single blow! "
The Beast Race was like this. Once they started fighting, they would be very crazy!
In an instant, the Beast Race Reverend slashed out dozens of times with his axe. Only when he stopped panting did he realize that Luo Zheng was standing not far away, safe and sound. He was staring at him with a faint smile on his face.
This was the power of the Law of Space. It could directly travel through space. No matter how powerful the movement technique was, it couldn't compare to this!
"It seems that Luo Zheng's war elder is not weak at all!"
"I'm afraid that even an ordinary mid-stage war elder might not be able to take down Luo Zheng!"
"In that case, only a peak war elder can suppress Luo Zheng in the Sin Tower!"
In fact, many creatures had overestimated Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was only a first stage war general. The main reason was that this second stage war elder was an independent warrior and not from the Beast Race Sacred Land.
According to the conventions of the Central Region, independent cultivators were generally stronger than cultivators from sects. This was because independent cultivators relied entirely on their own abilities to climb up step by step. On the other hand, although sect cultivators had the legacies of sects, their combat experience was far inferior to independent cultivators.
However, the Sea God Continent was the complete opposite. At the level of the Sacred Land, inheritance was more important than battle experience.
Moreover, most of the cultivators on the Sea God's Continent had climbed up from the Tower of Sin by stepping over the corpses of various races. Even the cultivators from the Holy Land did not lack battle experience. Therefore, the independent cultivators on the Sea God's Continent were far inferior to the various geniuses in the Holy Land.
Therefore, it was easier for Luo Zheng to deal with this second stage war elder than when he was in the Moon Guardian Formation!
However, if he were to face a war elder from the Sacred Land, Luo Zheng estimated that a second stage war elder or even a third stage war elder would be Luo Zheng's limit. Beyond the fourth stage, Luo Zheng would probably have to choose to avoid the battle or even run away. After all, the difference in cultivation was too great.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng did not choose to advance. At the eleventh floor of the Sin Tower, Luo Zheng could indeed earn some points. However, if he were to encounter some difficult war elders, it would be quite troublesome for Luo Zheng.
There might be more Light of Creation on the eleventh floor, but it would not be much more than the tenth floor. Therefore, accumulating Light of Creation on the tenth floor was a wise move for Luo Zheng.
Hearing those discussions, it was clear that they were not a match for this first stage war general. The beastmen had a fiery temper, so how could they endure it?
The war elder's eyes turned red. Layers of vital essence immediately wrapped around his battle axe. At the same time, two balls of red light appeared in his hands!
"It's Berserk Transformation. This war elder has been completely enraged!"
"Once the beastmen enter Berserk Transformation, they will not rest until they are dead!"
"You just realized that the beastmen are all brainless? If they had some brains, their strength would definitely be on par with the demon race! "
Many of the spectators' comments were correct.
The beastmen were ranked fourth on the Sea God Continent.
However, the beastmen were not inferior to the demon race in terms of talent. They were just much smaller than the demon race, but they had a miraculous healing ability. Their speed was also not inferior to the demon race. In terms of pure physical speed, the beastmen were probably second only to the demon race.
However, the beastmen had a fatal problem. Their brains were not very good. Simply put, their intelligence was very low. They were especially easily angered or used as weapons.
When the beastmen entered Berserk Transformation, their strength would multiply. However, the downside of Berserk Transformation was obvious. Once they entered Berserk Transformation, they would not be able to control themselves unless their target died or they themselves died …
Looking at the two balls of red light, Luo Zheng's expression turned serious. No matter how weak this Beast Race War Reverend was, he was still a War Reverend. The difference of a large realm couldn't be completely ignored!
"Die! Roar! "
The war elder roared like a wild beast once more. Like a rolling boulder, he charged at Luo Zheng once more.
This time, Luo Zheng did not choose to dodge. The longsword in his hand began to bloom with a faint golden light. Boundless sword intent spread from the blade!
"Universe Rotation!"
When the Beast Race War Reverend was three meters away from Luo Zheng, the Beast Race War Reverend started spinning rapidly like a top.
Two demonic red lights constantly circled around his arms. Suddenly, they looked like a red wheel of light. Together with the shining light of the Vital Essence of the battle axe, they looked exceptionally beautiful!
As long as one was twisted into this "top", the only outcome one could imagine was being smashed to pieces.
Although Xia Shuang believed that Luo Zheng could defeat this war elder, she did not expect Luo Zheng to choose to meet the enemy head on!
For Xia Shuang to be able to stand firm on the tenth floor, she had naturally fought with the beasts before. She had defeated three tenth level beasts, but that did not mean that Xia Shuang was stronger than the beasts. The reason was still the same as mentioned before. Although the beasts were extremely strong and had astonishing recovery abilities, they were generally more stupid.
Xia Shuang only needed to constantly dodge and slowly exhaust the beastmen on the stage. Even if the other party entered Berserk Transformation, they would not be able to do anything to the nimble Xia Shuang.
If she were to fight a beastmen head on, not to mention rank 10 beastmen, even rank 8 beastmen, or even rank 7 beastmen, Xia Shuang was not certain she could win.

Chapter 604
Facing the berserk Beast Race War Reverend, Luo Zheng did not choose to retreat.
Luo Zheng was bound to climb up the Tower of Sin and encounter more and more War Reverends in the future. Although Luo Zheng's cultivation was also increasing, he had to measure his true strength.
If he wanted to go further on the path of martial artists, he had to make ample preparations and plans. Luo Zheng's destiny was strong, but luck would not always be on his side.
Facing this berserk Beast Race War Reverend, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He lightly flicked his sword and jumped onto the other party's battle-ax.
But just as the sword and battle-ax touched, Luo Zheng felt a powerful force pass over.
If it were anyone else here, their sword would have already left their hands!
Even Luo Zheng felt his hand go numb from the shock.
Ding ding ding ding …
The Beast Race War Reverend's two battle-axes alternately struck Luo Zheng's sword, producing crisp sounds.
But as the battle-ax and sword intersected, Luo Zheng's sword quickly left sword marks on the large battle-ax.
This Beast Race War Reverend was originally an independent martial artist, so he naturally did not have any good weapons. These two battle-axes could barely be considered high-grade immortal artifacts, but how could they block Luo Zheng's high-grade sacred artifacts?
By the time the Beast Race War Reverend's attack dissipated, the battle-axes in his hands were already riddled with holes.
But what Luo Zheng did not expect was that the Beast Race War Reverend casually threw away the battle-axes and suddenly roared.
Layers of astral essence covered the Beast Race War Reverend's body in an extremely orderly manner, like a layer of shining black scales.
"Another transformation? This is beast transformation! "
Compared to War Generals, War Reverends had endless methods. Luo Zheng had once seen Ao Xiang use this move in the Central Domain. But the Beast Race War Reverend's bloodline was originally inherited from wild beasts, so most Beast Race people were born with the ability to transform!
After the Beast Race War Reverend's scales were completely covered, he quickly pounced at Luo Zheng.
"You want to block my sword with just a layer of scales?"
How sharp was a high-grade saint artifact? Facing the Beast Race War Reverend's charge, Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword.
According to Luo Zheng's expectations, this layer of scales would be as fragile as a piece of paper before Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact. But he never imagined that as soon as Luo Zheng's sword touched the scales, a powerful force would suddenly erupt from the black scales!
It was this force that caused Luo Zheng's sword to bounce away.
"Boom!"
The moment Luo Zheng's long sword bounced off, this Beast Race War Venerable crashed into Luo Zheng.
War Reverend, moreover, it was a Beast Race War Reverend. How fierce would that be? With this collision, Luo Zheng was sent flying thirty feet away. He fell heavily on the ground, and his long sword also fell to the side.
Xia Shuang and the others revealed worried expressions. Originally, they were very confident in Luo Zheng, but they did not expect this Beast Race War Reverend to be so difficult to deal with.
"It seems that Luo Zheng is still in trouble against a War Reverend."
"We overestimated Luo Zheng. The gap between a War Reverend and a War Reverend is not so easy to cross!"
"Luo Zheng might have a backup plan …"
After this collision, Luo Zheng was indeed in a very sorry state. The War Reverend's Vital Essence erupted, and that force was not to be underestimated.
However, Luo Zheng's Qi and blood were in turmoil. Streams of Primordial Chaos Dipper continued to circulate, so Luo Zheng was not injured.
"I was careless." Luo Zheng got up from the ground with a calm expression. The scales on the Beast Race War Reverend's body were just an illusion. He was waiting for Luo Zheng's long sword to strike, then suddenly explode and bounce off Luo Zheng's sword. Then, he would immediately launch another attack.
The Beast Race War Reverend exuded a ferocious aura as he sneered. "Human brat, I want to eat your flesh!"
The Beast Race War Reverend, who had gone berserk and transformed into a beast, had completely transformed into a wild ferocious beast. He once again charged toward Luo Zheng!
Everyone's hearts suddenly tightened. Luo Zheng had already lost his weapon. How could he deal with the powerful Beast Race War Reverend when he was unarmed? At this time, the right choice was to pull away from the opponent first.
However, under everyone's astonished gazes, Luo Zheng still did not retreat. He suddenly clenched his fists and began to accumulate power in his body. The moment the Demon Race War Reverend charged forward, all his dragon scales opened at the same time!
A tidal wave of power converged on Luo Zheng's fist. Every vein on his right fist bulged. If it were not for his high-grade immortal artifact body, his entire hand would have been crushed by his own power under such a powerful surge of power!
This punch was headed straight for the Beast Race War Reverend!
Seeing this scene, everyone shook their heads.
In the previous battle, many people were already clear about Luo Zheng's strength. If he used tricks, Luo Zheng's chances of defeating the Beast Race War Reverend were very high. However, Luo Zheng chose to use his weakness to attack the other party's strength.
"I'm afraid Luo Zheng's hand is going to be crippled." Someone suddenly said.
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's punch had already landed heavily on the Beast Race War Reverend's chest. The Beast Race War Reverend's chest was also covered with a layer of black scales, but under this punch, the black scales suddenly exploded and were unable to bounce off Luo Zheng's fist!
Luo Zheng's full strength exploded out. Even a peak war reverend would be seriously injured if he received this punch. How could the Beast Race War Reverend's move offset Luo Zheng's ferocious power?
"Bam!"
With this punch, half of the Beast Race War Reverend's body instantly caved in, and his entire body seemed to have been squeezed through a narrow door!
Although the Beast Race War Reverend still maintained his momentum and rushed a few steps to the side, his footsteps were already staggering and he was unable to stand up. With a bang, he fell to the ground, and a large amount of blood burst out from his body.
The vitality of the Beast Race was exuberant, and the amount of blood in their bodies was far more than that of other living beings. However, this kind of gurgling blood was completely absorbed by the Tower of Sin.
"Swish swish …"
A few weak rays of Light of Good Fortune spiraled out from the Beast Race War Reverend's nameplate and shot towards Luo Zheng's chest.
Although the Beast Race War Reverend came up empty, he would take the initiative to challenge others every time he stepped onto a new floor. Therefore, it wasn't that there weren't any Light of Good Fortune in the nameplate, it was just that there weren't many of them.
Seeing Luo Zheng kill the Beast Race War Reverend with a single punch, Luo Zheng's strength had clearly risen to another level in the eyes of many creatures.
"Not only is that brat proficient in Laws, his strength and physique aren't weak either!"
"A cultivator who cultivates both Law and Body would normally find it very difficult to balance both. In the end, they would end up as a nobody. Luo Zheng doesn't have this problem at all!"
"I'm really looking forward to the day when he becomes a War Reverend! At that time, even if he doesn't use the power of the Tower of Sin, no one in the Tower of Sin will be his match! "
Luo Zheng put away his sword. Just as he walked down the stage, a Demon Race War Reverend walked towards him from afar. It was a Rank 6 War Reverend.
The instant the Demon Race War Reverend appeared, Xia Shuang's gaze flickered, and she looked towards another direction. Mu Qing Yang did the same.
Although Luo Zheng could control the power of the Tower of Sin, and it was more than enough to protect himself, the Yao Night Clan and the Human Race were still worried and secretly sent people to protect Luo Zheng. At this time, no one wanted anything to happen to Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng!" The Demon Race War Reverend called out Luo Zheng's name as he approached.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
"Our Demon Race's Lord Meng Tian wants to talk to you." The Demon Race War Reverend said.
"When?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Tonight …"
"…"
The Demon Race War Reverend naturally came to help Meng Tian pass on the message. After completing his task, the Demon Race War Reverend turned around and left. At this time, Mu Qing Yang and Xia Shuang walked up together.
Luo Zheng smiled at Xia Shuang, "You guessed right, they're already in a hurry to negotiate."
"I, I'll go inform Lord Ling Yan!" Mu Qing Yang immediately said.
No one could guarantee that Meng Tian wouldn't play any tricks. As the second seat holder of the Tower of Sin, if he suddenly attacked Luo Zheng, it would be a huge threat to Luo Zheng. And the only person who could intimidate Meng Tian was Ling Yan.
Mu Qing Yang informed Ling Yan, and Xia Shuang naturally informed Lord Jing. At night, many peak War Reverends came down from the upper levels. The four seat holders of the Human Race were all present, and Ling Yan of the Yao Night Clan and the other three seat holders also came down.
Since the Demon Race had chosen to negotiate, the content of tonight's negotiation was especially important.

Chapter 605
In a certain hall of the tenth floor's living area, all unrelated people were cleared out.
Although according to the rules, one could freely enter and exit the safe area, these peak war reverends were the ones who made the rules. Moreover, at this point, why would they care about the rules?
As for some of the generals on the tenth floor, although they had some complaints, how could they dare to say anything in front of these peak war reverends?
In the hall, Meng Tian sat boldly on the side. The demon race was incomparably tall, and Meng Tian was one of the bigger ones. Even if he was sitting, he was still taller than ordinary humans.
Behind Meng Tian stood three peak war reverends. Their expressions were cold and their auras were like blades.
The death of two war saints was a huge blow to the demon race. Naturally, they would not feel good about it!
What was even more troublesome was Luo Zheng. He had put the demon race in a dilemma.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe stood guard beside Luo Zheng. Even if Luo Zheng could control the Tower of Sin, they still had to guard against Meng Tian's sudden attack.
Fortunately, Ling Yan also brought three peak war reverends from the Yao Ye clan. If the demon race really wanted to fight here, they would not be able to gain any advantage.
After everyone sat down, Meng Tian smiled and said, "As expected of a young hero. For thousands of years, no one has been able to completely control the Tower of Sin, but you did it. I didn't believe in fate before, but now that I think about it, this is fate!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I still don't believe in fate. I only believe that man can conquer the heavens."
"You humans have a good saying. A person's strength is limited. Sometimes, you have to know how to act appropriately and judge the situation. Otherwise, you will be the one to suffer in the end." Meng Tian suddenly smiled.
Meng Tian was indirectly reminding Luo Zheng. Perhaps Luo Zheng could gain the upper hand in the Tower of Sin by joining forces with the Yao Ye clan. It was even possible for them to expel the demon race from the tower. However, one could not ignore the existence of the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land!
Luo Zheng laughed mischievously and did not refute Meng Tian's words.
Then Meng Tian said, "But I'm curious. How much control do you have over the Tower of Sin? Legend has it that this Tower of Sin is actually a divine weapon of an almighty being from the Upper Realm. Have you refined it? "
There were many speculations about the Tower of Sin. Some said that it was a cultivation tower of a certain race, while others said that it was a divine weapon of a peerless expert.
No matter what kind of speculation it was, Meng Tian's words were just to test the extent of Luo Zheng's control over the Sin Tower!
In Meng Tian's opinion, Luo Zheng would most likely avoid talking about it.
However, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I didn't refine this Tower of Sin, but …" Luo Zheng waved his hand and the walls around the hall began to disappear layer by layer!
This hall was originally located at the periphery of the living area, and there were many secret cultivation rooms around it. However, at this moment, the walls began to dissolve and disappear.
Some of the warlords who were cultivating in the secret cultivation rooms were still sitting inside, calmly cultivating. Suddenly, the disappearance of the walls around the secret cultivation rooms gave them a fright. Seeing several peak warlords sitting in the hall, the warlords who were cultivating revealed panicked expressions.
Seeing Luo Zheng's methods, the peak warlords of the Demon Clan revealed grave expressions. Meng Tian's gaze also became deep.
Luo Zheng appeared to be very confident. Since you want to test me, then I'll show you.
Although he did not refine the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng could indeed control everything in the Tower of Sin through the tool spirit!
He did not need to hide anything. He simply told the other party that he could control everything in the Tower of Sin. Wanting to fight against him in the Tower of Sin was undoubtedly wishful thinking!
Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin's eyes flashed with a bright light. With Luo Zheng's degree of control over the Tower of Sin, the Demon Clan and Luo Zheng simply did not have the capital to bargain.
Meng Tian stretched out his huge palm-leaf fan hand and clapped, "Even if you did not refine the Tower of Sin, to be able to do this is already unimaginable! However … "
"However?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and his eyes flashed with an extremely aggressive gaze, "However, you guys have been trying to kill me before. How should we settle this debt?"
Meng Tian chuckled, "You are indeed a straightforward person. In this negotiation, I actually hope that everyone can coexist peacefully!"
Seeing Meng Tian's tone and expression, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin sighed in their hearts. When did Meng Tian ever mention anything about coexisting peacefully with others?
Even if Meng Tian lost to Ling Yan on the top floor of the Tower of Sin, Meng Tian had never restrained himself. Not only Meng Tian, the Demon Clan in the Tower of Sin had never restrained themselves!
Aside from the Demon Night Clan, the Demon Clan had never been willing to back down when they had disputes with other clans!
Even if it was the Demon Night Clan, Meng Tian would not give face to them. Six months ago, Meng Tian and Ling Yan had a dispute. That dispute was not big, but Meng Tian had the attitude of a fish dying net breaking a net. At that time, Ling Yan had considered the bigger picture and did not want to make a big fuss over such a small matter. In the end, Ling Yan had backed down.
Meng Tian's personality had always been rude and unreasonable. Asking him to talk about coexisting fairly with other clans was harder than ascending to the heavens. However, today, Meng Tian had finally compromised. He had actually decided to back down!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's hearts were beating wildly.
Since the Demon Clan had chosen to coexist peacefully, they would at least use some conditions to appease Luo Zheng. What was the most valuable thing in the Tower of Sin? The opportunity of the Mysterious Nether Cave!
Of course, it was impossible to obtain the opportunity of the Mysterious Nether Cave in the Tower of Sin. However, if they could obtain a seat, they would be able to lead more clansmen into the Mysterious Nether Cave, and the possibility of obtaining the opportunity would be greater!
Just the Mysterious Nether Cave, how many clans had their opportunities changed?
Whether it was the establishment of the Purple Heart Holy Land or the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, they were all martial artists with heaven-defying luck who had obtained great opportunities in the Mysterious Nether Cave. Only then were they able to establish their own Holy Land step by step.
"Three seats, I'm satisfied with just three seats!" Zhao Fenqin thought to herself.
In Zhao Fenqin's heart, if the Demon Clan was willing to give up three seats, they would be burning incense to the gods! As for Zhou Zhuohe, he looked at Zhao Fenqin's somewhat excited expression. His thoughts were almost exactly the same as Zhao Fenqin's. However, while Zhao Fenqin wanted three seats, Zhou Zhuohe's thoughts were even more unbearable. He would be satisfied with two seats …
In contrast, Ling Yan, who was ranked first among the 128 seats, naturally had much higher standards than Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe.
Now that Luo Zheng had the absolute advantage, if she didn't follow up on this victory, then she would be a fool. How many seats were the Demon Clan willing to give up would depend on the Demon Clan's bottom line and Luo Zheng's request.
If it was in her place, Ling Yan's lowest request would be ten seats!
"As a show of sincerity for peaceful coexistence, our Demon Clan can give up five seats to your Human Clan." Meng Tian smiled and said.
The peak War Reverends behind Meng Tian all revealed indignant expressions. Five seats, and to give it up to a trash race like the Human Clan. To them, this was indeed very sullen. Moreover, the Demon Clan had lost five seats, which meant that five seat controllers would lose their seats!
Meng Tian's words immediately caused Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's hearts to beat faster!
This condition was indeed not bad. Five seats, in an instant, the Human Clan had 25 more seats! In addition to the previous four seats, the Human Clan had a total of nine seats. Although they weren't ranked third in the Sin Tower, they were still ranked fourth!
At this time, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's eyes seemed to sparkle like little stars. They really wanted to agree to Meng Tian's request in place of Luo Zheng! Moreover, they couldn't wait to report this "good news" back to the Purple Heart Holy Land!
After all, when the Purple Heart Holy Land first paid attention to Luo Zheng, they only hoped that he would be able to obtain a seat in the future.
They never expected that Luo Zheng, who hadn't even climbed to the top of the tower, would actually help the Human Clan obtain five seats on the tenth floor! This was something that they didn't even dare to think about!
"Hurry up, boy!" Zhao Fenqin eagerly hoped that Luo Zheng would quickly agree.
Zhou Zhuohe's eyes were about to drip water. The Demon Clan had accumulated power for a long time. To take the initiative to give up five seats was already a great favor. Therefore, he also eagerly hoped that Luo Zheng would agree. Otherwise, what if Meng Tian went back on his word?
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's expressions were seen by Ling Yan from the bottom of her heart. She couldn't help but sigh in her heart. The Human Clan had been weak for many years and didn't have any future prospects. Fortunately, they had Luo Zheng. This matter clearly showed that they could bargain. These two guys were actually so excited after hearing about five seats …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 606
Everyone's eyes finally gathered on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm, as if he was pondering.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, Meng Tian and the other War Reverends of the Demon Clan all suppressed their impulses and waited for him to speak.
Most of these War Reverends had lived for decades, or even hundreds of years. At this time, they were actually staring at each other, waiting for a young man who was not even twenty years old to speak. This was indeed a very strange thing.
The Demon Clan had a fiery temper to begin with. A Peak War Reverend behind Meng Tian finally couldn't hold it in any longer and said coldly, "Boy, have you considered it? Five seats is already enough to give you Human Clan face! "
This Peak War Reverend was called Mo Qi, and he was one of the ten Peak War Reverends of the Demon Clan. He was ranked fourth among the 128 seats, and his strength and status were second only to Meng Tian.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Peak War Reverend indifferently. He was still deep in thought, and there was even a trace of ridicule at the corner of his mouth.
"Don't be so shameless. When the time comes, let alone five seats, even if it's just one seat, we will still have to consider it carefully!" Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, the fire in Mo Qi's heart was ignited.
The Demon Clan was easily angered. This was almost their nature.
Seeing that the situation was not good, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's faces immediately became anxious. What was Luo Zheng thinking!
However, at this moment, they couldn't speak. Since it was a negotiation, they couldn't let the other party see that they didn't have any confidence.
In the end, Zhao Fenqin couldn't hold it in and quietly said to Luo Zheng with a True Essence Sound Transmission, "Luo Zheng, why don't you agree with them? Five seats, we are already very satisfied!"
Zhao Fenqin's True Essence Sound Transmission entered Luo Zheng's ears, but Luo Zheng acted as if he didn't hear it.
"Boy …" Mo Qi finally couldn't hold it in and suddenly sat up from his chair.
At this moment, Luo Zheng stared at Meng Tian and said, "Peaceful coexistence?"
Then Luo Zheng sneered and said coldly, "When I entered the first layer, you didn't intend to coexist peacefully with me. When I entered the second layer, you didn't intend to coexist peacefully with me. The third layer, the fourth layer, until I entered the tenth layer and came out of the Talent Stele, you still didn't intend to coexist peacefully with me. When you brought out two Battle-Saints, I used the Cursed Land to curse them to death. Now, you're talking to me about peaceful coexistence? "
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe immediately panicked. It seemed that they had guessed wrong. Originally, Zhao Fenqin had thought that Luo Zheng wanted to bargain for more benefits for the Human Race.
What he didn't expect was that Luo Zheng didn't seem to have this intention at all. Then what did he want to do?
Ling Yan's face exposed a trace of a strange expression, and her gaze began to intensely flicker. It seems that this brat's appetite is even bigger than I thought! That's right, he is the subordinate of our King. How broad is his vision? He didn't even set his sights on a small Tower of Sin. Even the vastness of the Sea God Continent didn't allow him to display his strength.
This human youth's future stage would definitely be the entire universe!
If she looked at it from this angle, Ling Yan was also indifferent.
From beginning to end, Meng Tian had a smile on his face. He had already tried his best to make himself look as friendly as possible. After Luo Zheng finished speaking, Meng Tian's face gradually became gloomy, "Since you don't intend to coexist peacefully, then what do you want?"
The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth rose slightly, "The demons will give up all their seats and scram out of the Tower of Sin!"
Just as these words were spoken, Zhao Fenqin and the others almost stopped breathing. Ling Yan slightly lowered her body, guarding against these Battle-Saints of the Demon Race. Not only Ling Yan, but the other Battle-Saints of the Demon Night Clan also revealed vigilant expressions. At the same time, their hearts were wildly beating.
This Luo Zheng was also a guy who wouldn't stop until he shocked them to death. He had come with sincerity to negotiate, but you actually wanted all the demons to scram out of the Tower of Sin? How was this possible?
Meng Tian was still sitting steadily on the wide chair. Although his face was gloomy, there was no trace of anger on it.
On the contrary, the few Peak Battle-Saints of the Demon Race behind Meng Tian could no longer hold it in, especially the number two figure of the Demon Race, Mo Qi. His face was already incomparably angry, and his majestic aura erupted uncontrollably. It was possible that he could attack at any time.
Other than Mo Qi, the chests of the other Peak Battle-Saints were also undulating. They stared at Luo Zheng, as if they wanted to swallow Luo Zheng in one gulp.
Seeing that the Peak Battle-Saints behind Meng Tian were about to attack, Meng Tian waved his hand and stopped their thoughts. Then, he said in a muffled voice, "You want us to give up the Tower of Sin? That's impossible. Your request is too much. Change your condition."
"Too much?" Luo Zheng sneered, "You want to kill me, isn't that too much? If I didn't have the strength, I would have already died over a hundred times. I don't plan to kill all of you, I just want you to leave the Tower of Sin. This request is not too much! "
Meng Tian's gaze became more and more complicated. Luo Zheng dared to say such words, either the Demon Race did not have enough bargaining chips, or Luo Zheng was an idiot. The latter was obviously impossible, and it seemed that Luo Zheng felt that he had the Demon Race under his control? This brat, what courage!
"Our Twin Devil Holy Land has never been afraid of other races for so many years. Who knows how many Peak Battle-Saints have walked out of the Tower of Sin, and we have never lost the Tower of Sin for a moment. Forgive me for not being able to fulfill this request of yours. I'll say it again, change your condition." At this time, even Meng Tian admired his own patience!
"Wasting your breath on this brat. I've already said it. Kill him and end it all!"
Mo Qi, who was behind Meng Tian, could no longer hold it in. His tall and sturdy figure appeared in a flash, and his cultivation of Peak Battle-Saint erupted. It was like a tsunami that was over a hundred meters tall, sweeping towards Luo Zheng.
When Mo Qi's figure moved, Ling Yan also moved. A fine net appeared from her body, blocking in front of Luo Zheng.
"It's over!"
This thought flashed through the minds of the others at the same time, and they prepared to make their move at the same time.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's mouths were bitter, they didn't know what to say. Just now, Zhao Fenqin was almost anxious to death, but Luo Zheng didn't listen to them at all! He had to force the Demon Race to their deaths. Even a rabbit would bite when cornered. How could the Demon Race agree to Luo Zheng's request?
Only Meng Tian and Luo Zheng were still sitting there, looking at each other, as if they didn't notice that Mo Qi and Ling Yan had already made their move.
When Mo Qi rushed out halfway, before he could even get close to the net that Ling Yan had woven, an invisible force suddenly stopped Mo Qi!
Mo Qi roared crazily, "Human Race brat, when I tear you into pieces, you will regret it!"
He struggled crazily, as if he wanted to break free from the bindings of the invisible force. However, no matter how hard he struggled, it was futile. It was as if he was a little bug that had fallen into a spider's web. The more he struggled, the deeper the invisible force bound him.
Even the War Sage was unable to break free from the bindings of this invisible force. Mo Qi was only a Peak War Elder, how could he break free?
Luo Zheng didn't even look at Mo Qi, and only said indifferently: "Kill him."
"Puchi puchi!"
That invisible force immediately tore Mo Qi's body apart, and brown blood splattered all over the hall. Mo Qi's death was too horrible to look at.
This scene caused all the Peak War Elders present to suck in a breath of air!
Not only the Peak War Elders of the Demon Race, even the Peak War Elders of the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race revealed looks of fear.
Luo Zheng's control over the Tower of Sin far exceeded everyone's expectations!
Mo Qi's strength was ranked fourth among the 128 seat controllers, second only to Ling Yan of the Demon Night Clan, Meng Tian of the Demon Race and another Peak War Elder.
Since Luo Zheng could borrow the power of the Tower of Sin to easily kill Mo Qi, then Luo Zheng had the ability to kill anyone in the Tower of Sin!
Even if it was Ling Yan, Meng Tian was not a match for Luo Zheng …
Powerhouses would not place themselves under a wall of danger. Although Ling Yan believed that Luo Zheng would not make a move against her, her face still revealed a taboo expression.

Chapter 607
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on Meng Tian, and Meng Tian's gaze never left Luo Zheng's body.
Brown blood stained the hall and was quickly absorbed. No trace of blood could be seen.
If Mo Qi's body wasn't moved, then his body would also be absorbed by the Sin Tower within a day.
Because of this characteristic of the Sin Tower, it was able to continuously absorb foreign objects and replenish the Sin Tower's energy, allowing the Sin Tower to continue operating.
This characteristic was very advantageous to the Demon Race. They could continuously kill their opponents in the arena. Not only could they absorb the opponent's Light of Creation, but they could also replenish the Sin Tower's energy. The Demon Race could also accept the Sin Tower's training, forming a perfect closed loop!
The Demon Race had risen from here!
But now, the Sin Tower's power was controlled by Luo Zheng.
Meng Tian now understood that Luo Zheng had the right to decide the life and death of anyone in the Sin Tower!
The Demon Race had no right to negotiate!
After a long silence, Luo Zheng's voice broke the silence, "Now, do you accept my conditions?"
Meng Tian revealed a bitter smile. In the past, Meng Tian felt that he was the controller of the Sin Tower. Even if Ling Yan defeated him, he led the Demon Race's ten War Reverends. The Demon Race didn't fear the Demon Night Clan at all!
He felt that he had done a good job. Every time he returned to the Sacred Land, he would be rewarded by the Demon Race's Divine Sea Realm experts!
But now, facing Luo Zheng, whose bone age was less than 20 years old and whose strength was only at the first rank War General realm, he suddenly felt powerless. It was as if all the strength in his muscles had been sucked out in an instant.
This was too unreasonable. This brat had only entered the Sin Tower for a few months and had only climbed to the tenth floor. How could he!
But Luo Zheng had the power of the Sin Tower. This power was so strong that he couldn't resist!
If the Demon Race was expelled from the Sin Tower, he knew what he would face! Although the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Twin Demon Sacred Land valued him, once Meng Tian and all the Demon Race were expelled from the Sin Tower, Meng Tian would directly face the wrath of his own clansmen!
He would very likely become a sinner, spurned by the Flame Demon Sacred Land and the Fear Demon Sacred Land!
But how could he resist now?
Although Meng Tian's strength was slightly stronger than Mo Qi's, the two of them were both Peak war elder s. Even among the 128 seats, there was only a difference of two places, so the difference in strength was not very big.
How could he resist Luo Zheng?
In the end, he would still end up like Mo Qi, torn to pieces.
Meng Tian was silent for a while before he said, "I'm sorry, but I can't accept your conditions."
"Then I'll kill all the Devil Clansmen," Luo Zheng said indifferently. His calm eyes were like the eyes of a devil in the eyes of the Devil Clansmen. Although his tone was indifferent, the murderous intent that was reflected from it was terrifying.
If they were disobedient, he would kill them all …
The temperament of this human brat …
The few Peak war elder s of the Demon Clan had different thoughts, but the only thing they had in common was their deep fear of Luo Zheng. They believed that if Luo Zheng said it, he would definitely do it.
The Peak war elders of the Yao Night Clan all sighed inwardly.
When Luo Zheng was surrounded by the Peak war elders of the Demon Clan on the tenth floor, they still looked down on the Human Clan. If it wasn't for the appearance of their "King", they definitely wouldn't have stepped into these muddy waters!
Because offending the Devil Clan for the Human Clan was something only an idiot would do.
Now that they thought about it, they felt extremely fortunate. In other words, their "King" had brought good luck to the Yao Night Clan!
After all, Luo Zheng did not stand against the Yao Night Clan.
If it wasn't for the appearance of their "King", if the Yao Night Clan started to fear Luo Zheng and started to target Luo Zheng, the consequences of angering this human brat could be imagined. The Yao Night Clan's fate wouldn't be any better!
As for the four seat controllers of the Human Clan, they … were still in a daze.
The Human Clan in the Sin Tower had endured for hundreds and thousands of years. Who would have thought that because of Luo Zheng's appearance, everything would be completely reversed!
Luo Zheng had the power to decide the life and death of the Sin Tower! Now was the time for the Human Clan to hold their heads up high … As for how to hold their heads up high, they had not thought about it yet. At this moment, they only felt extremely fortunate that Luo Zheng was from the Human Clan. He was a Human!
"If you don't accept it, I'll really kill all of you," Luo Zheng said indifferently, "I'm not threatening you."
Meng Tian bitterly smiled and said, "I know, but our Twin Devil Sacred Ground still has the strength to fight. If you chase us out of the Sin Tower, I think the Purple Heart Sacred Ground will be flattened by the Twin Devil Sacred Ground. With your Purple Heart Sacred Ground's strength, either the Flame Devil Sacred Ground or the Fear Devil Sacred Ground will be able to flatten you. Have you thought about it?"
Meng Tian's words immediately made the four Peak war elders of the Human Clan nervous.
Luo Zheng was not from the Purple Heart Sacred Ground. They had already guessed that he had never stepped into the Purple Heart Sacred Ground in his life. He had no sense of belonging to the Purple Heart Sacred Ground. Even if the Purple Heart Sacred Ground was flattened by the Demon Clan, he would not feel anything.
Luo Zheng did not care about the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, but Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others cared. That was the Human Clan's only land of inheritance in the Sea God Continent!
Although Meng Tian said those words with a bitter smile, the threat in his words was clear. Luo Zheng, you can chase our Demon Clan out. The Sin Tower is yours, and our Twin Devil Sacred Ground can't do anything to you, Luo Zheng. However, we can flatten the Purple Heart Sacred Ground. You should think about it carefully!
Zhao Fenqin wanted to dissuade Luo Zheng, but he swallowed his words.
What right did they have to control Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng was indeed a Human, but the problem was, other than being of the same race, did Luo Zheng have any other relationship with them?
What did the Purple Heart Sacred Ground help Luo Zheng? Nothing at all! Instead, it was Luo Zheng who helped the Human Clan!
"Think about it?" Luo Zheng curled his lips and raised a finger, "No need to think about it. I'll give you a month's time. After a month, I'll kill any Demon Clan member I find in the Sin Tower!"
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the other two seat controllers' expressions changed drastically!
The Purple Heart Sacred Ground was in trouble …
The Human Clan's Divine Sea Realm Almighties were no match for the Demon Clan. Not to mention the Twin Devil Sacred Ground, even the Fear Demon Sacred Ground and the Flame Demon Sacred Ground could flatten the Purple Heart Sacred Ground.
"Luo Zheng, this …" Zhao Fenqin could not help but open his mouth. There was even a hint of pleading in his tone.
Luo Zheng did not even look at this Human Clan's Peak War Reverend. His gaze was cold, as if he did not care about the Purple Heart Sacred Ground at all.
Meng Tian's face turned completely gloomy, "You don't care about the survival of the Purple Heart Sacred Ground? The survival of the Human Clan? "This was Meng Tian's last life-saving straw. Now, Meng Tian could only use this to threaten Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I'm sure you've already done your research. I'm not from the Sea God Continent, so what does the survival of the Purple Heart Sacred Ground have to do with me? Besides … "
"Besides what?" Meng Tian asked.
"Do you really think the Twin Devil Sacred Ground can really do anything to the Purple Heart Sacred Ground?" Luo Zheng continued to ask with a smile.
"Why not?" Meng Tian's eyes flashed. He suddenly realized that he seemed to have overlooked something.
Specks of red light flickered and Xun's figure appeared beside Luo Zheng again. When Xun appeared, the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan immediately knelt down.
Ling Yan even knelt in front of Xun and said, "Greetings, King!"
Luo Zheng smiled at Xun and said to Meng Tian, "You forgot about the Sky Feather Sacred Ground."
There were 14 major races on the Sea God Continent. These 40 major races all had their own sacred grounds.
However, there were strong and weak sacred grounds. Take the Human Clan's Purple Heart Sacred Ground for example. Because of the existence of a few Divine Sea Realm almighties, it was a sacred ground that had just passed the fifth grade and was promoted to the sixth grade. Two thousand years ago, the Human Clan didn't have their own sacred ground. At that time, there was only the Purple Heart Sect!
Among the 14 sacred grounds, it was considered the weakest.
The Flame Devil Sacred Ground and the Fear Devil Sacred Ground were the top of the sixth grade sacred grounds! When these two sacred grounds were combined, they could be promoted to the seventh grade sacred ground!
However, there was only one seventh grade sacred ground on the Sea God Continent, and that was the Sky Feather Sacred Ground! The reason why the Sky Feather Sacred Ground could be promoted to the seventh grade was because of the existence of Liu Yu!
Liu Yu also promised that she would do her best to assist Luo Zheng.
(Thank you, I can even breathe fire. 10,000 reading coins as a reward! Thank you to Chen Feng, Orchid Fox, Tiger Soul, Pan Nanhai, Novel Fanatic, Lei Qiyan, Tempered Steel, Jia Shao, Hyacinth for their tips, and many readers for their tips and monthly votes!)

Chapter 608
As the King of the Yao Night Clan, Xun always exuded a lofty aura in front of anyone!
Even Battle Sages and Divine Sea Realm experts would feel inferior when they felt Xun's aura, let alone these peak Battle-Reverends.
But when Luo Zheng was alone, Xun was much more casual.
For example, when Luo Zheng entered the secret cultivation room, Xun would come out of Luo Zheng's body and walk around Luo Zheng. She would even talk to Luo Zheng …
This contrast made Luo Zheng feel very strange. Occasionally, she would spit out a few vulgarities, which made Luo Zheng speechless.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words and seeing Luo Zheng summon his sword spirit, Meng Tian's face became gloomy.
Meng Tian wasn't an idiot. How could he forget the Sky Feather Sacred Land?
However, would the Sky Feather Sacred Land really help the Purple Heart Sacred Land for this so-called "King"? Meng Tian had doubts about this.
It seemed that the peak Battle-Reverends of the Yao Night Clan respected their "King" a lot. However, the Sky Feather Sacred Land might not be willing to help when it came to the war between the Sacred Lands!
If Meng Tian went with Luo Zheng to the Sky Feather Sacred Land, he would know that Luo Zheng wasn't lying.
Xun was the spiritual totem of the Sky Feather Sacred Land. Even if she ordered the Sky Feather Sacred Land to attack the Twin Devil Sacred Land, Liu Yu wouldn't say no, let alone help the Purple Heart Sacred Land!
Xun didn't say anything, but Ling Yan understood Luo Zheng's thoughts. Ling Yan stood up and said, "If our King gives the order, the Sky Feather Sacred Land will go through fire and water!"
As the representative of the Yao Night Clan in the Sin Tower, Ling Yan's words were equivalent to Liu Yu's.
Xun blinked and said, "Whatever Luo Zheng says, you'll do."
Xun wanted to complete her revenge. Almost all of her hopes were pinned on Luo Zheng. Of course, she would do her best to help Luo Zheng.
Meng Tian muttered to himself. How trustworthy were the Yao Night Clan's words? Although the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was powerful, they would have to pay a heavy price if they went to war with the Twin Demon Holy Land.
This kind of thinking was a kind of torment for Meng Tian, because his judgment would affect the fate of the entire demon race.
Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face as he waited patiently. After a while, he said, "That's why I gave you a one-month buffer period!"
"What do you mean?" Meng Tian asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. The intelligence of the Demon Race wasn't that great. He estimated that they were only slightly smarter than the Beastmen and Giants. "In this one month, you can try to 'flatten' the Purple Heart Holy Land! Let's test the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground's reaction … "
Meng Tian frowned. Only now did he understand why Luo Zheng had given them a month's time.
In this one month buffer period, the Demon Race did not need to leave the Sin Tower. At this time, the game in the Sin Tower was handed over to the Holy Lands outside the Cursed Lands!
If the Twin Demon Holy Land won! They could indeed use the Purple Heart Holy Land to threaten Luo Zheng. If the Twin Demon Holy Land lost, or if they were afraid of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and did not dare to make a move against the Purple Heart Holy Land, then Meng Tian and the others would have to leave the Sin Tower!
At this time, Meng Tian's eyes suddenly lit up!
Leaving the Sin Tower would not cause any loss to Meng Tian. He was already a peak War Reverend, so he would have to leave the Sin Tower sooner or later.
However, after being kicked out of the Sin Tower, he would have to bear a great responsibility. When he returned to the Holy Land, he would have to face severe punishment!
However, Luo Zheng's plan reduced his responsibility by a lot.
After all, the one who would decide whether or not the Demon Race could stay in the Sin Tower was not Meng Tian, but the Twin Demon Holy Land. It was the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Twin Demon Holy Land …
Therefore, Meng Tian felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted off his shoulders!
"So that's how it is …" Meng Tian stood up and ordered the demon beside him, "Clean up Mo Qi's corpse. Today's negotiation ends here!"
Then, Meng Tian prepared to leave the hall. When he was halfway there, Meng Tian turned around and said, "Thank you."
This word of "thank you" made many people in the hall reveal strange expressions. Only a few people with quick minds, such as Xun, Ling Yan, and the others, understood. As for the others, their faces were full of blank expressions.
Why did Luo Zheng kill Meng Tian's people and force him to leave the Sin Tower with all the Demon Race? Why did Meng Tian have to thank Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng smiled and shrugged, "There's no need to thank me. We're in different positions."
After the Demon Race left, Zhao Fenqin said in a low voice, "Luo Zheng, will the Demon Night Clan help our Purple Heart Holy Land?"
"Let's wait and see. Even if the Demon Night Clan doesn't help, I won't kick the Demon Race out of the Sin Tower," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's words caused Zhao Fenqin's mind to be in a mess. No matter what, this news had to be passed on to the Purple Heart Holy Land as soon as possible so that they could prepare in advance!
On the Sea God Continent, there was an intense battle going on around the Sin Tower!
Although the Sea God Continent was extremely chaotic, it had been peaceful for over a dozen years. Besides the Twin Demon Holy Land constantly expanding their territory, the other races were relatively peaceful.
Facing the oppression of the Twin Demon Holy Land, the other races were angry, but they didn't dare to speak up. Whether it was in the Sin Tower or on the Sea God Continent, they could only endure!
Recently, the Twin Demon Holy Land had made a new move. The Flame Demon Holy Land and Fear Demon Holy Land had suddenly declared war on the Purple Heart Holy Land!
This rumor caused the trillions of people on the Sea God Continent to be at a loss.
The Twin Demon Holy Land and the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land were separated by the Giant Race's Holy Land. Generally speaking, when a Holy Land declared war between two Holy Lands, it meant that they were prepared to completely annihilate the other!
But they didn't know why the Demon Race would suddenly attack the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Destroying the Purple Heart Holy Land wouldn't benefit the Demon Race much, not to mention that the Twin Demon Holy Land had the Demon Night Clan's Sky Feather Holy Land behind them!
All kinds of information and analysis were circulating in the various Holy Lands. The other races naturally wouldn't join in the fun. Now that the Twin Demon Holy Land had made a move, the Purple Heart Holy Land was destined to be destroyed. The other races were happy to watch the show from the side.
But the following information was worth pondering over!
The Purple Heart Holy Land had actually declared war on the Twin Demon Holy Land …
The Purple Heart Holy Land and the Twin Demon Holy Land weren't on the same level. What confidence did the human race have to declare war on the Twin Demon Holy Land?
The Twin Demon Holy Land was like an adult armed to the teeth. He could say to a weak child that he wanted to kill him.
And the human race was that child.
Not only did the child not run away, but he also didn't beg for mercy. Instead, he declared war on the adult. This went against common sense.
A war between Holy Lands was not child's play. It was a war where blood flowed like rivers. Every step taken by both sides had been through countless deductions and competitions. If the human race dared to turn against the Twin Demon Holy Land, then they definitely had something to rely on …
It was just that they didn't understand. What did the human race rely on?
However, as the news spread bit by bit, they soon understood that the Human Race was relying on Luo Zheng!
The 14 Holy Lands had countless spies planted in the Sin Tower. They were well aware of the Sin Tower's movements. There were more than a trillion living beings on the Sea God Continent. There were always some who were incomparably intelligent.
After the Purple Heart Holy Land declared war on the Twin Demon Holy Land, some intelligent beings predicted that the Fiend Night Clan would also declare war on the Twin Demon Holy Land.
Sure enough, ten days later, the Fiend Night Clan declared war on the Twin Demon Holy Land …
During this month, the Sin Tower was immersed in slaughter and plunder as usual. This was a normal state that had been maintained for countless years.
However, the three races on the Sea God Continent were in the midst of a repeated game of probing.
The Purple Heart Holy Land entered a state of alert. As for the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land, they were led by many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders. They sent a million martial artists to close in on the Purple Heart Holy Land.
But at the same time, Liu Yu of the Sky Feather Holy Land personally led many elites of the Sky Feather Holy Land to the side of the Flame Demon Holy Land.
The Sky Feather Holy Land's intentions were clear. If the Twin Demon Holy Land moved against the Purple Heart Holy Land, then the Sky Feather Holy Land would also raze the Twin Demon Holy Land to the ground!
Although the Sky Feather Holy Land would suffer great losses if they attacked the Twin Demon Holy Land, the Sky Feather Holy Land couldn't disobey Xun's orders. Clearly, now was not the time to calculate the price.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 609
The predecessor of the Purple Heart Holy Land was the Purple Heart Sect.
The two words "Purple Heart" came from the name of a spring in Mount Zhuori. It was called the Purple Heart Spring.
This incomparably clear spring water flowed out of Mount Zhuori. It was fused with a special mineral, so it was purple. Legend had it that drinking the Purple Heart Spring could make one immune to all diseases and strengthen one's body.
Back then, the Purple Heart Sect had also developed from a small second-grade Sect. Later, under the pressure of other races, the Purple Heart Sect continuously merged with other human Sects and finally grew into a colossus. It also became the most important habitat of the human race.
The Purple Heart Spring of the past had now become the Sacred Spring of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Although this spring water didn't have much effect on cultivators, the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land still took a sip of the Purple Heart Spring as an honor!
Next to the Purple Heart Spring, there were three human men.
The one in the lead wore a purple crown and had a jade-like face. His cultivation was unfathomable. He was the current leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land, the Divine Sea Realm powerhouse Ouyang Haotian!
The other two were old men. Although the two of them looked old, their eyes were like lightning, bright and full of spirit. They seemed to be full of energy.
These two old men were also Divine Sea Realm powerhouses. Divine Sea Realm powerhouses had a long lifespan. Some Divine Sea Realm martial artists who had lived for a long time could even live for eight or nine thousand years, or even ten thousand years, becoming an eternal giant!
"Right now, the Holy Land is in a state of panic. If the Demon Race doesn't send their troops, I'm afraid our Holy Land will fall into chaos first …" Ouyang Haotian bent down and drank a handful of water.
"They don't dare to make a move," one of the old men said with certainty.
"If we wanted to make a move, we would have done so long ago. If we were to be frightened by this group of Devil Clan, our Purple Heart Holy Land would be in a mess. That would be a real joke!" Another old man revealed an angry expression.
Ouyang Haotian shook his head, "There's no other way. Our human race has been weak for many years. It would be a lie to say that they don't panic when facing the Demon Race. Now that the Demon Race is standing at our doorstep and the people in the Tower of Sin are in the minority, do you think they will believe the Demon Race or Luo Zheng who isn't from the Purple Heart Holy Land?"
During this period of time, the Purple Heart Holy Land kept sending people into the Sin Tower.
At the same time, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were shuttling back and forth between the Sin Tower and the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Zhao Fenqin was very confident. He swore that the Devil Race would not dare to attack the Purple Heart Holy Land. Moreover, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would definitely take action.
At first, Ouyang Haotian was still a little hesitant. After all, compared to trusting Luo Zheng, who was only a rank 1 warlord, whom he had never met before, he trusted his own strength more!
However, no matter how powerful Ouyang Haotian was, he couldn't fight against the many Divine Sea Realm cultivators in the Twin Devil Sacred Ground!
Just as the Purple Heart Holy Land was preparing for war, the Sky Feather Holy Land had personally sent someone over to discuss countermeasures with him.
Thus, when the Twin Devil Holy Lands moved out, the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands also moved out …
At this time, Ouyang Haotian understood that whether he was willing or not, the fate of the Purple Heart Holy Land was already tied together with that mysterious brat from the Sin Tower.
From Ouyang Haotian's point of view, the Purple Heart Holy Land now had a considerable advantage. The Devil Race was just putting on an act. Up until now, besides destroying a small rank 2 sect on the periphery of the Purple Heart Holy Land, the Devil Race hadn't made any other moves. The Devil Race didn't dare to take a step closer to the Purple Heart Holy Land because Liu Yu was leading people into the Twin Devil Holy Land's territory.
Ouyang Haotian wasn't worried, but that didn't mean that the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land weren't worried.
These people were still unwilling to tie their fates to a mere rank 1 warlord!
Not to mention the low-level martial artists of the Purple Heart Holy Land, even some of the Battle-Saint level powerhouses couldn't trust Luo Zheng!
Even if Situ Haotian relayed what happened in the Sin Tower, many people still chose not to believe him. Many Battle-Saints and Battle-Saints even began to leave the Purple Heart Holy Land with their families …
Situ Haotian also had a headache about this, but there wasn't much he could do. He couldn't enter the Cursed Lands, and it was even more impossible for him to go out and compete with the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Devil Race. Right now, the only thing he could do was wait.
One month, as long as he could endure this month, everything would be clear!
If what Zhao Fenqin said was true, and Luo Zheng expelled all the Devil Race, then the human race wouldn't just have five seats. The human race could take all the Devil Race's seats! Even if Luo Zheng wanted to give some to the Yao Ye Clan, the human race would be able to keep at least a dozen seats.
This way, the human race would soar into the sky and become the second strongest force in the Sin Tower!
The Sin Tower was a mini version of the Sea God Continent. The strength of the various races in the Sin Tower was a replica of the forces on the Sea God Continent!
With so many seats occupied by the human race, more and more powerhouses would be born. In a few years, the Purple Heart Holy Land would also soar into the sky, and the human race would truly rise on the Sea God Continent.
Situ Haotian was still very young. As long as he didn't fall, he would be able to see this scene in his lifetime!
Under his responsibility, the human race would prosper, and the Purple Heart Holy Land would prosper. Situ Haotian was naturally happy.
"No matter what, we must endure!"
"It would be best if that kid Luo Zheng came to our Purple Heart Holy Land …"
The two old men continued to give advice.
Situ Haotian bitterly smiled, "That kid's face is too big. I asked Zhao Fenqin to invite him twice, but he didn't come! If we can endure this month, I hope he can come to the Purple Heart Holy Land … "
In fact, it wasn't just the human race that was worried.
The Devil Race's situation wasn't much better.
The Sin Tower was a catalyst for geniuses and powerhouses. It was also a place that all martial artists would fight for!
If the Devil Race was truly expelled from the Sin Tower, they would be fine for a short period of time. But if this continued for a long time, their decline was almost inevitable.
The Twin Demon Holy Land didn't have much interest in the Purple Heart Holy Land, but only the Purple Heart Holy Land could threaten Luo Zheng. They hoped that Luo Zheng would change his mind, so the Twin Demon Holy Land declared war on the Purple Heart Holy Land because they had no other choice.
The problem was that just as the Twin Demon Holy Land declared war, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land declared war on the Devil Race. Liu Yu personally led a group of people into the territory of the Flame Demon Holy Land.
All the Devil Race people found themselves in a dilemma.
Could they really flatten the Purple Heart Holy Land? Although they could destroy the human race, they still wouldn't be able to change the situation in the Sin Tower. What was even more troublesome was that the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would take this opportunity to flatten the Twin Demon Holy Land. As a result, the Twin Demon Holy Land would collapse, and the Devil Race would lose the Sin Tower forever, their destruction imminent.
Let go of the Purple Heart Holy Land? Then one month later, the Devil Race would also lose the Sin Tower. After losing such an important training ground, what awaited the Devil Race was a slow death. It was conceivable that the Devil Race would decline bit by bit, eventually drowning in the long river of history.
In the Sea God Continent, some powerful races had been eliminated. No one could resist the law of natural selection!
What to do next? Many Divine Sea Realm experts were at a loss …
They only wanted to use the Purple Heart Holy Land to threaten Luo Zheng. But now, not only was it difficult to threaten Luo Zheng, but their own backyard was also about to catch fire.
At this time, the most comfortable person was Liu Yu.
She was wearing a purple robe and sitting at the top of a dark mountain. Black smoke constantly floated out from this mountain.
The Flame Demon Holy Land was like this. There were thousands of active volcanoes of various sizes everywhere. That was why the Holy Land had the word "Flame" in its name.
The mission that Xun gave to Liu Yu was very simple. She only needed to sit here with her people. If the Devil Race didn't attack the Purple Heart Holy Land, then Liu Yu wouldn't attack the Twin Devil Holy Land.
Two hundred years ago, Liu Yu entered the Sin Tower. At that time, she had accumulated a lot of hatred with the Devil Race. She was also heavily targeted by the Devil Race.
In Liu Yu's heart, she had always wanted to find an opportunity to eliminate the Devil Race. But such an opportunity had never appeared. Although the Sky Feather Holy Land was a seventh-rank Holy Land, if she wanted to take down the Twin Devil Holy Land head-on, she was afraid that she would lose most of her forces. At that time, it was hard to guarantee that the other races wouldn't become restless.
But now, Liu Yu found that Luo Zheng's appearance had created a perfect opportunity for her. Without losing a single soldier, she could weaken the Devil Race and even slowly erase them!
It could be said that even if Xun didn't give this order, Liu Yu would still choose to take action at this time. She and the Devil Race weren't friends, but the enemy of an enemy was a friend!

Chapter 610
The situation on the Sea God Continent was delicate. Even the people in the Sin Tower were panicking.
Because the Cursed Land was a small version of the Sea God Continent, the information flow was much faster here. Many races would send people to the Cursed Land every day to obtain information.
It was as if a huge typhoon had swept through the Sea God Continent. The Cursed Land was at the center of the typhoon, while the Sin Tower was at the eye of the typhoon.
Luo Zheng, who was at the eye of the typhoon, was very calm. He did not pay much attention to the outside world.
However, Luo Zheng still had a small worry. Luo Zheng could not stay on the tenth floor any longer.
After a period of battle, the Light of Creation he had accumulated had already allowed Luo Zheng to advance to a Second Order Champion.
The Sin Tower was indeed a mystical place. The speed of advancement through the Light of Creation was countless times faster than cultivating in the outside world!
This was also the reason why the various races attached importance to the Sin Tower. As long as one's talent was strong enough, they could rapidly advance in the Sin Tower and train themselves.
Based on Luo Zheng's training speed, it would not be long before Luo Zheng could surpass the Champion rank and advance to a War Reverend.
However, ever since Luo Zheng defeated the Second Order War Reverend from the Beast Race, the Champions on the tenth floor finally came to a realization.
The tenth floor of the Sin Tower was a place where Deity rank geniuses from various races gathered. Although Luo Zheng had defeated Yue Shou and the others, there were still many Deity rank geniuses who were unconvinced. No Deity rank genius was willing to fall behind others. Moreover, other than the original Deity rank geniuses on the tenth floor, there were also geniuses who had advanced from the ninth floor.
However, ever since Luo Zheng defeated the Second Order War Reverend, those geniuses finally understood that the gap between them and Luo Zheng was not small.
With Luo Zheng's current cultivation, his opponent should be a War Reverend, not a Champion!
These Deity rank geniuses were willing to take a gamble. If they could defeat Luo Zheng, they would obtain great glory! However, even though they knew that they could not defeat Luo Zheng, they still went to the arena. They would either be throwing away their lives or giving away their Light of Creation for free …
Then, Luo Zheng began to encounter empty spots.
After being cleared for three consecutive days, Luo Zheng obtained the authority to ascend to the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin. He originally wanted to stay on the tenth floor for a while. He hoped to accumulate more Light of Good Fortune on the tenth floor before entering the next floor.
However, on the fourth day, the fifth day, and the sixth day … it was still empty.
Staying here any longer would be a waste of time.
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only choose to leave the tenth floor and enter the eleventh floor.
At this time, half of the buffer period Luo Zheng gave the demons had already passed.
This matter had slowly spread throughout the Tower of Sin, and every race was discussing it in private.
The other races, of course, held the attitude of watching a joke as they discussed this matter. The Demon Race had always been arrogant and overbearing in the Tower of Sin. In the past, the other races didn't dare to say anything, but now that the Demon Race had been expelled from the Tower of Sin by Luo Zheng, it was definitely a good thing for them. Many of the weaker races couldn't wait to clap their hands and send off the Demon Race.
As for the Demon Race, their faces were filled with dismay.
Many Demon Race members rarely went to the arena, and even rarely appeared in the public areas of the Tower of Sin. They were all very careful, and even their voices were lowered.
This month was a very crucial month for the Demon Race.
If the Demon Night Clan didn't give way, then the Purple Heart Holy Land wouldn't give way. If the Purple Heart Holy Land didn't give way, then Luo Zheng wouldn't give way.
If Luo Zheng didn't give way, then all the Demon Race would have to get out of the Tower of Sin, including all the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race!
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin, two War Reverends of the Demon Race walked towards him. These were two War Reverends of the third rank.
"Luo Zheng, right? You finally climbed to the eleventh floor! Are you interested in going to the arena now? "
"Second rank War General, climbing to the eleventh floor, you really don't know how to write the word 'death', hehe!"
The two War Reverends of the Demon Race provoked Luo Zheng.
Although the Demon Race already understood that they couldn't fight against Luo Zheng in the Tower of Sin, even Mo Qi, who was ranked fourth among the Peak War Reverends, was instantly killed by Luo Zheng, how could the other races be a match for Luo Zheng?
However, to the Demon Race, there was still one last way, and that was to kill Luo Zheng in the arena.
In fact, with the personality of the Demon Race, even if they couldn't resist Luo Zheng, there would still be many Demon Race members who would be willing to fight Luo Zheng to the death. On the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, there was not only one Moon Guardian, but also many Tenth Rank War Generals of the Demon Race.
After Luo Zheng and Meng Tian's negotiation, many Tenth Rank War Generals volunteered to kill Luo Zheng in the arena, but they were stopped in the end.
Luo Zheng was puzzled at first. According to the personality of the Demon Race, how could they resist? Since they couldn't deal with him in the arena, this impulsive race would naturally choose to deal with him in the arena.
As a result, he encountered an empty arena for several days and had no choice but to advance.
However, after seeing these two War Reverends, Luo Zheng understood that these guys knew that it would be difficult for War Generals to kill him, so they simply endured in the tenth floor and forced him to enter the eleventh floor.
Starting from the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin, there were very few War Generals. The majority of Divine Rank geniuses would stay on the tenth floor. Even if they had the qualifications to enter the eleventh floor, they would make sufficient preparations on the tenth floor and break through to War Reverend before entering the eleventh floor.
Even Moon Guardian and Mu Qing Yang, whose strength was absolutely qualified to challenge First and Second Rank War Reverends, still chose to stay on the tenth floor and continuously absorb the Light of Good Fortune. They were bound to break through to War Reverend on the tenth floor.
Luo Zheng was forced to go up to the eleventh floor. How could the Demon Race Reverends on the eleventh floor endure?
Because of this brat Luo Zheng, all the Demon Race in the Tower of Sin were very passive, all the Peak War Reverends were very passive, and even the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land were very passive …
No matter who it was, as long as they could kill Luo Zheng, they would be the savior of the Demon Race!
Therefore, just as Luo Zheng entered the eleventh floor, before he could even stabilize his footing, two Demon Race Reverends appeared.
Facing the provocation of these two Demon Race Reverends, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and smiled faintly, "I accept your challenge, but you must be prepared to lose your lives!"
"We Demon Race don't have anyone who is greedy for life and afraid of death! Besides, you're just a Second Rank War General. "One of the Demon Race Reverends sneered.
The other Demon Race Reverend also laughed wildly, "Yes, as long as you don't use your bullshit ability! Hahaha … "
Luo Zheng raised his hand slightly, "Are you talking about this ability?"
An invisible force immediately wrapped around the War Reverend of the Devil Clan. The War Reverend's expression changed greatly. Although the death of the Peak War Reverend Mo Qi was not spread, the inner circle of the Devil Clan was very clear that as long as Luo Zheng moved his finger slightly, he would be torn in two!
"You, the rules of the Tower of Sin forbid you from fighting in the safe zone!" The Demon Race Reverend was anxious, his face pale.
"Safe zone?" Luo Zheng sneered, "The rules of the safe zone were set by all the seat holders, but I think it won't be long before this rule is abolished!"
"This is the rule set by all the races," the Demon Race Reverend quickly said.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, his finger moved slightly, and the Demon Race Reverend fell to the ground with a plop. Then, Luo Zheng walked towards the battle arena, as if there was no one around, he said, "The new rules will be set by me."
When the other races saw this scene, there was a burst of discussion.
"This Luo Zheng is too domineering, he really doesn't seem like a human!"
"What he said is not wrong. If we put aside his identity as a human, he is now equivalent to the controller of the Tower of Sin. Who can resist him in the Tower of Sin? Ling Yan? Meng Tian? Didn't he kill her in the blink of an eye? It's not inappropriate for him to set the rules! "
"The rules will be set by whoever has the biggest fist. This is the real rule! The Tower of Sin has been operating according to this rule all these years. When the Demon Race took over the entire Tower of Sin, who dared to question the Demon Race? "
Just as the crowd was discussing, Luo Zheng walked onto the battle arena and pointed at the two Demon Race Reverends, "There are still fifteen days. In these fifteen days, I will give you a chance to challenge me!"
"I'm going to kill him!" The Demon Race Reverend crawled up from the ground, his face filled with fury. After he finished speaking, he rushed towards the battle arena.
For the Demon Race, there were still two opportunities. Either they could take down the Purple Heart Holy Land in these fifteen days, or they could kill Luo Zheng in the Tower of Sin.

Chapter 611
The War Venerable of the Devil Clan leaped up and fiercely stomped on the stage. The huge force even caused the stage to slightly cave in. However, the ground of the stage quickly recovered.
A little red light surged around Luo Zheng, and Xun's figure appeared beside Luo Zheng. She stretched out her hand towards Luo Zheng and said, "Give it to me."
"Give what?" Ever since Xun regained her consciousness, she often jumped out on her own.
"The spear!" Xun said faintly.
"What for?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Let me exercise a bit in these few battles," Xun's lips curled up slightly.
Perhaps it was because she had been stuck in Luo Zheng's body for too long that Xun made this request.
Luo Zheng wanted to see Xun's spear skills in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. So, Luo Zheng lightly tapped his spatial ring and a long spear flew towards Xun.
Xun held the long spear in her hand, and her aura suddenly changed. From Xun's fiery eyes, endless killing intent bloomed!
"Why, why did it change?"
"That's our Demon Night Clan's King. It's an honor to be able to see King fight!"
"That's Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit body. It can be regarded as Luo Zheng's avatar. It's very common to use avatars in battle, but this avatar has its own consciousness, this …"
On the stage, the Demon Race War Reverend's eyes flashed. At this time, he couldn't care less. In his eyes, there was only Luo Zheng! Even if he had to sacrifice his own life, he had to kill Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng was killed, even if he died, he would still be the hero of the entire Demon Race!
The Twin Demon Holy Land pursued heroism, and dying on the battlefield was a kind of glory for them.
Therefore, he didn't care about the Sword Spirit or whether Luo Zheng wanted to fight. In any case, as long as he stood on the stage, his first goal was to kill Luo Zheng.
The Demon War Senior then circulated his Vital Spirit to his legs. After that, his Vital Spirit broke out. Like a rampaging elephant, this Demon War Senior directly bypassed Xun and rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"Your opponent is me." Xun's expression was indifferent. The long spear in her hand silently pierced through the space and pointed at War Venerable of the Demon Race.
"Scram!" While the Demon Race's War Senior was rushing forward, he blocked Xun's spear with his saber. He did not stop at all and continued to rush towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was standing in a corner of the arena. His arms were hanging down and his expression was indifferent. Facing this War Reverend of the Demon Race, he was not in a fighting state at all.
"How dare you insult our king! This demon must be executed!"
"My king will naturally take his life!"
When the Demon Race's War Venerable scolded Xun, many people from the Yao Ye Clan began to make a fuss. How could they allow their king to be insulted? If it weren't for the rules of the arena, the Yao Ye Clan's War Reverends would have already rushed forward!
After Xun's spear was blocked by the Demon, the tip of the spear drew a long arc in the air. Then, with a gentle shake of Xun's spear, the shaft of the spear bent like a venomous snake raising its head!
Then, she lightly shook her arm and the spear was thrown out. The tip of the spear tore through the air and made a loud 'pa' sound as it pierced towards the Demon Race's War Senior's back.
Luo Zheng stared at the Demon Race's War Senior with a calm expression. He even had the time to remind the Demon Race's War Senior that there was danger behind him.
How sensitive was a War Senior's cultivation? How could the Demon Race's War Senior not feel the danger behind him?
But Luo Zheng was right in front of him! And from the looks of it, he had no intention of resisting!
So what if the spear pierced through him? As long as he chopped Luo Zheng in half, he would be a great hero of the Demon Race!
Therefore, the Demon Race's War Senior didn't have any scruples about the spear behind him. He originally had the intention to fight with his life on the line. He wasn't the only one who had this thought, all the Demon Race's War Senior had it!
The moment he rushed in front of Luo Zheng, the Demon Race's War Senior's War Senior's astral essence erupted. Surging power poured into his saber, as if this saber contained all the power he had in his life.
"Die for me!"
The Demon Race's War Senior roared.
Unfortunately, just as he raised his saber, the tip of Xun's spear had already pierced through his back.
The Demon Race's War Senior originally wanted to rely on his tall and sturdy body to resist Xun's spear and kill Luo Zheng in one strike even if he had to risk his life.
But the Demon Race's War Senior had underestimated the power of Xun's spear.
In the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands, Xun had only casually thrust out her spear. But, from the strange aura contained within that spear, not only had Luo Zheng been startled, but even Liu Yu had felt his heart skip a beat.
A sword spirit's strength increased along with its master's cultivation. When Xun had only used a sword dance, her strength had been on par with Luo Zheng's.
But now, Xun used a spear, and the martial skill she cultivated was a spear technique. It was the peak inheritance of the Demon Night Clan!
Although Xun hadn't said what sort of martial skill her spear technique was, Luo Zheng estimated that this spear technique was at least a transcendent divine might!
"Boom!"
Xun's spear pierced through the Demon Race's War Senior's back. Then, a turbulent infernal energy vortex erupted from within.
This infernal energy vortex didn't revolve towards the center, but spread out in all directions!
As it spread out, the Demon Race's War Senior's body was twisted to pieces. As for the Demon Race's War Senior's saber that was aimed at Luo Zheng, it was no longer able to cut down.
Clang! The Demon Race's War Senior's saber fell to the ground, emitting a crisp sound.
From start to finish, Luo Zheng hadn't moved a single step. Facing the War Senior's frontal attack, she was still so calm. Luo Zheng truly believed in Xun's strength.
However, Xun revealed a dull expression. She curled her lips and said, "He won't fight me."
Luo Zheng chuckled. "Someone will fight you."
Luo Zheng had already thoroughly understood the temperament of the demons. As long as he was in the arena, the demons would constantly jump at him!
When he was on the tenth floor, Luo Zheng had carefully considered his options before he chose to enter the eleventh floor.
The battle outside the Cursed Lands had already reached a stalemate. As long as the Sky Feather Holy Lands didn't withdraw their troops, the demons wouldn't dare to attack the Purple Heart Holy Lands. The Purple Heart Holy Lands could afford to delay, and the Sky Feather Holy Lands could also afford to delay. However, to the Twin Demon Holy Lands, there wasn't much time left. Half a month's time was just the blink of an eye for cultivators.
Other than looking for an opportunity to break the stalemate outside the Cursed Lands, killing Luo Zheng in front of them was obviously more direct. Based on this, the Demon Race's War Seniors would continuously walk onto the stage!
Just as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the second Demon Race's War Senior also jumped onto the stage …
Luo Zheng spread his hands towards Xun and said with a faint smile, "Why don't you do it?"
Xun nodded and suddenly turned around. Her spear shot out, the tip of the spear pointed at her second opponent.
The first opponent was completely charging towards Luo Zheng with his life on the line. He didn't dodge or defend against Xun's spear because he had underestimated Xun's strength.
The second Demon Race's War Senior was much more cautious. In his opinion, if he could kill Luo Zheng with his life on the line, he would naturally choose to do so. But in the current situation, let alone going all out, even if he managed to get close to Luo Zheng, he would still be pierced to pieces by that woman's spear! There was simply no chance for him to go all out.
The most important thing was to kill this woman in front of him …
Unfortunately, this Demon Race's War Senior still didn't correctly assess Xun's strength. Xun's spear technique contained a special kind of 'power'. This kind of 'power' was something that even Luo Zheng couldn't comprehend. Every thrust of her spear contained an invisible fluctuation. This fluctuation contained a power that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. In fact, even the number one genius of the Sky Feather Holy Land, Liu Yu, couldn't understand it.
Luo Zheng sometimes felt that the invisible fluctuation was somewhat similar to the power of the tool spirit in the Sin Tower. The power possessed by the tool spirit in the Sin Tower should come from the original owner of the Sin Tower. Was there some kind of connection between them?
Perhaps Luo Zheng would have to find an opportunity to ask.
Anyone with discerning eyes could see that the second Demon Race's War Senior was no match for Xun. The sharpness of Xun's spear technique was far beyond the imagination of these Demon Race's War Seniors on the 11th floor.
In just 10 spears, the weapon of that Demon Race's War Senior was directly shattered into rice-sized fragments. The last spear directly pierced through his throat.
After the Demon Race's War Senior fell to the ground, a blazing white streamer shot towards Luo Zheng's chest.
The Light of Good Fortune accumulated by the two Demon Race's War Seniors was already comparable to the Light of Good Fortune accumulated by 10 Demon Race's War Generals. Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng had no choice but to climb up to the 11th floor.
It took Xun less than the time it took for two incense sticks to burn to kill the two Demon Race's War Seniors.
There were still a few Demon Race's War Seniors who were eager to give it a try, but now they were a little hesitant. They couldn't even get past Xun, so how could they challenge Luo Zheng?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 612
On the top floor of the Tower of Sin, in the second small world.
Many of the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan had dejected looks on their faces.
Although many of the Demon Clan's War Elder s on the eleventh floor were still challenging Luo Zheng, they knew in their hearts that this was a futile struggle.
Back then, when Luo Zheng was only a War General, he could easily defeat Yue Shou. Now that Luo Zheng was a War General of the second step, he was not afraid of facing an ordinary War Elder.
The most important thing was that Luo Zheng was not an idiot.
So what if he could win against Luo Zheng in the arena? He could still use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill people …
Rules did not exist in the eyes of the strong. They were only used to restrain the weak.
Expecting Luo Zheng to abide by the rules? That would be a fool's dream.
These Peak War Elder s also saw through it.
Many of the Demon Clan's War Elder s had already understood the situation. Right now, the Demon Clan in the Tower of Sin had already lost, and many of them had already started to clean up the mess, preparing to return home.
"We still have one last chance." At this time, Meng Tian suddenly said, "Who is willing to stay?"
"You mean to fight with Luo Zheng to the death?" A Peak War Elder asked.
Meng Tian coldly glared at the Peak War Elder. Sometimes, his colleague's brain was not very good.
Another Peak War Elder said, "Indeed, there is one last chance!"
Meng Tian laughed, "And the chances of winning are very high."
More and more war elder s also reacted, and hope flashed in their eyes.
Yes, in less than half a month, Luo Zheng would expel all the Demon Clan s from the Tower of Sin, but he would not be able to expel all of them!
Back then, they had hidden two War Sage Rankers in the secret passage below the Tower of Sin, and they could even avoid the Xuan Ming Death Ray in the secret passage.
When the Xuan Ming Death Ray in the Xuan Ming Cave weakened, there was a high chance that Luo Zheng would enter the Xuan Ming Cave to explore. Even if he did not go this year, Luo Zheng would still go next year.
The lifespan of a Peak War Elder was long, a mere few years was enough to wait!
Furthermore, he could cultivate in the secret passage!
Many of the Peak War Elder present, such as Meng Tian and the others, had been suppressing their cultivation to prevent themselves from breaking through to the War Sage Realm and being affected by the Cursed Grounds.
If they chose to hide in the secret tunnel at this time and seek a breakthrough to become a Battle-Saint, and then wait for Luo Zheng to enter the Xuanming Cave...
Luo Zheng was indeed a genius, and the strength he unleashed was indeed strong, but that was only for ordinary war elder, and was not worth mentioning in the eyes of these Peak war elder. Moreover, it would not be long before the Peak war elder who was hiding in the secret passage would be able to advance to the War Sage Realm.
Inside the Dark Nether Cave, Luo Zheng would not be able to borrow the power of the Sin Tower. It would not be too difficult to kill Luo Zheng!
"If we plan this matter now, the Purple Heart Sacred Land will definitely not be able to take it down. Half a month later, everyone can only give up the Tower of Sin." Meng Tian continued, "I've already suppressed my cultivation for several years. It won't be difficult for me to break through the Battle-Saint realm. Who else is willing to follow me?"
"Me," a peak war elder said in a muffled voice.
"And me!"
"I can also break through in a short period of time!"
Most of the Peak war elders in the Tower of Sin would suppress their cultivation. After all, the cultivation speed in the Tower of Sin was much faster than the outside world. Once they left the Tower of Sin, they would not have the chance to enter again.
The benefits of suppressing one's cultivation were obvious. The stronger the suppression, the faster one's cultivation would rise after breaking through to the War Sage Realm. It was as if the more a person was suppressed, the stronger the rebound.
Meng Tian glanced at them a few times before saying, "Yuan Bai, Tian Hu, the two of you stay behind."
Yuan Bai and Tian Hu were ranked 18th and 22nd respectively among the seat controllers.
It was impossible for Meng Tian to stay behind. He was the leader of the Demon Clan in the Tower of Sin.
Meng Tian's eyes flickered as he stared at Yuan Bai and Tian Hu and said, "Whether or not our Demon Clan can return to the Tower of Sin will depend on the two of you!"
Yuan Bai and Tian Hu, the two peak war elder's faces suddenly revealed a dense killing intent, "Don't worry, as long as that brat dares to enter the Dark Nether Cave, I will definitely tear him to pieces!"
Half a month passed in the blink of an eye.
The entire Sea God Continent was immersed in a strange atmosphere.
Although the Twin Devil Sacred Ground declared war on the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, they did not fight. As for the Sky Feather Sacred Ground, it was the same …
When the one month buffer that Luo Zheng gave to Meng Tian was up, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground retreated. At the same time, Liu Yu also returned to the Sky Feather Sacred Ground.
As for the Tower of Sin, the Demon Clan left the Tower of Sin one after another.
The Demon Clan relied on the Tower of Sin to prosper. When their momentum was at its peak, they almost controlled the entire Tower of Sin with the strength of a single clan. Now that they had no choice but to leave, this scene made the living beings of the other clans sigh.
"That human brat really created a miracle. He chased the entire Demon Clan out of the Tower of Sin with his strength alone!"
"Why do I suddenly feel that the Demon Clan is somewhat pitiful?"
"Pitiful my ass. If you were suppressed by the Demon Clan back then, you would understand that the Demon Clan brought this upon themselves!"
On this day, many living beings left the Tower of Sin. They stood at the entrance of the Tower of Sin and watched as the Demon Clan left.
The Demon Clan warriors, Generals, and even many Peak War Reverends left the Tower of Sin one by one. Although their faces were filled with unwillingness, they had no other choice at this time.
Luo Zheng had already said that from tomorrow onwards, as long as they saw any Demon Clan member in the Tower of Sin, they would kill them.
Under such circumstances, the Demon Clan staying in the Tower of Sin was just courting death.
Many Demon Clan members formed a thin line and headed north of the Cursed Lands. There were two Teleportation Arrays that led to the Flame Demon Sacred Ground and the Fear Demon Sacred Ground.
Most of the Demon Clan members were filled with disappointment, hatred, and unwillingness.
Why couldn't they understand that such a powerful clan like them had fallen to a human brat for no reason?
Only a few Peak War Reverends knew that they would return sooner or later.
This depended on when Luo Zheng would enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. As long as they killed Luo Zheng, the Demon Clan would be able to fight for the top seat of the Tower of Sin and regain control of the Tower of Sin!
Standing on the platform at the end of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng's gaze was calm.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng had absorbed a hundred times more Light of Good Fortune than before. In half a month, at least three to four War Reverends from the Demon Clan would challenge Luo Zheng every day. With the high intensity of training and the large amount of Light of Good Fortune, Luo Zheng's cultivation had rapidly increased. The Tower of Sin was indeed a cultivation Holy Land. Now, Luo Zheng's cultivation was already at the sixth level of War General!
According to what Luo Zheng knew, the Mysterious Underworld Cave still had three to four months before the Mysterious Underworld Deathray would slowly weaken.
Therefore, Luo Zheng still had plenty of time.
According to what Luo Zheng knew, the Mysterious Underworld Deathray would weaken for a period of time every year. However, this time wasn't fixed. Sometimes, it would weaken a month earlier, and sometimes it would weaken a month later.
However, once it was activated, the Deathray wouldn't cause any harm for a month.
I will definitely obtain the inheritance in the Mysterious Underworld Cave! I believe that it won't be long before I can return to the Central Domain …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. However, as he looked around, he suddenly saw Meng Tian in the distance suddenly turn his head and reveal a strange smile at Luo Zheng.
Seeing Meng Tian's smile, Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped and he frowned.
"It seems that the Demon Clan won't give up so easily," Luo Zheng indifferently said in his mind.
Then, Luo Zheng's legs started to sink. His whole body had already merged with the Tower of Sin.
Because the Tower of Sin was stuck in the Cursed Land, Luo Zheng was actually standing at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. After his body merged with the Tower of Sin, he kept shuttling back and forth in the Tower of Sin.
First floor, second floor … tenth floor, fourteenth floor, fifteenth floor.
Soon, Luo Zheng arrived at the top of the Tower of Sin!
Now, it was meaningless to talk about the empty stage and the qualifications to advance to the next level for Luo Zheng.
Even the Demon Clan had been driven away by Luo Zheng alone. He had already drifted away from the rules of the Tower of Sin.
Standing in the central hall of the fifteenth floor, Luo Zheng suddenly said indifferently, "All seat holders, come out. It's time to set new rules."

Chapter 613
Now that the demons had been driven out of the Tower of Sin, it was time to reshuffle the cards.
Previously, the demons had taken 26 seats, so how would they be distributed?
Every race's seat controller had their own plans.
At the same time, they knew that Luo Zheng could distribute the 26 seats however he wanted!
Judging from the current situation, the only race that Luo Zheng had to be wary of was the Yao Ye Clan. After all, the Purple Heart Holy Land was under the protection of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. If the Yao Ye Clan didn't appear, the Twin Devil Holy Land would still have the power to flatten the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Although the Tower of Sin was important, if a Holy Land wanted to truly rise, it would take decades, centuries, or even millennia!
Thus, the other race's seat controllers estimated that some of the 26 seats would be given to the Yao Ye Clan, while the rest would be given to the humans.
As for the other races … As long as Luo Zheng didn't touch their seats, they would be thankful.
Many peak war reverends slowly gathered in the round hall. They all looked at Luo Zheng with complicated gazes, each of them thinking different things.
Who would have thought that the person who made the new rules would be a human general?
Back then, in order to obtain a seat, each race had used all their strength, even sacrificing their lives! However, a human general had driven the demons out of the Tower of Sin and taken 26 seats in one go.
The difference was too great, and many peak war reverends couldn't help but admit defeat.
Moreover, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he could even drive out all the other races, including the Yao Ye Clan.
Of course, Luo Zheng obviously wouldn't do that.
Driving out all the other races wouldn't benefit Luo Zheng much. Moreover, although the Tower of Sin was important, the development of the Holy Land was even more important. As the saying goes, if the skin doesn't exist, the hair won't exist. Everyone had their eyes on the Tower of Sin because they wanted to develop their own Holy Land.
If Luo Zheng did the same to all the other races, the Purple Heart Holy Land would be destroyed by the Twin Devil Holy Land.
As for the rules of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng had thought deeply about them.
In fact, after so many years of development, the set of rules was indeed quite good. As long as one entered the Tower of Sin, they would have to constantly walk on the edge of life and death. Only the true elites would be able to climb up step by step.
Powerful ancient martial art practitioners could obtain more resources, more Light of Creation, and more points. Weak ancient martial art practitioners were directly eliminated and even became nutrients for the Tower of Sin.
The Tower of Sin was just a miniature version of the world of martial artists.
"How should the rules be changed?" A peak war reverend of the Giant Clan asked.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "The rules of the Sin Tower from the first floor to the fourteenth floor remain unchanged."
"And then?" another peak war reverend of the Beast race asked.
The Tower of the Tower of Sin's Of Sin, the peak war reverends, the peak war reverends's to the Tower of Sin,, the peak war reverends, the peak war reverends
Most importantly, how would the seats be distributed on the fifteenth floor? What did Of the Sin to do? To The Of the seats seats seats to themselves? Or to keep the rules? Was for them be changed Of the time
"All the seats on the fifteenth floor will be reserved. I was the one who chased away the Demon Clan, so the twenty-six seats will be freely allocated by me," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
These words made many peak war reverends sigh in relief. It seemed that Luo Zheng was not as domineering as they had imagined.
Although these peak war reverends had a lot of information about Luo Zheng, they were afraid that Luo Zheng would be even more domineering than the Demon Clan. At least from Luo Zheng's current tone, he would not deprive so many peak war reverends of their seats. However, Luo Zheng did not finish his words, so they did not know what other requests he had.
Luo Zheng paused for a moment, then said, "One more thing, the seats of the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan will be permanent and will not be rotated with other races!"
"Permanent seats?"
"This way, won't the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan always occupy the seats?"
"This is too …"
The one hundred and twenty-eight seats at the top of the tower were not fixed. Every once in a while, the seat controllers would compete with each other to determine the ranking of the seats. The weaker seat controllers would lose their seats, and the newly promoted peak war reverends would replace them.
The Demon Clan and the Demon Night Clan were the strongest, so they controlled the most seats.
In fact, the rules were set to favor the stronger races from the very beginning. After all, only the Demon Clan and the Demon Night Clan could produce so many geniuses to fight for more seats.
This created a situation where the strong were stronger and the weak were weaker.
Therefore, after so many years of development, the Human Clan only had four seat controllers. Moreover, these four seats were not very stable. Perhaps the next time the Human Clan fought, they would have to give up their seats.
When the Human Clan was at its worst, they usually only had one seat, or even none. Therefore, when Luo Zheng saw that Luo Zheng had four seats, he was still relatively strong.
If the permanent seats were set, the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan would not have to compete, and the number of seats would not decrease every year!
Luo Zheng had also thought about this carefully.
Luo Zheng knew very well that even if he temporarily changed the situation of the Human Clan and the Purple Heart Holy Land, this was not a long-term plan. Luo Zheng did not have that much time to hide in the Sin Tower. After obtaining the inheritance, Luo Zheng would choose to return to the Central Domain.
There, Luo Zheng's most important person would be waiting for him.
This time might be a few months, or a year, but it would not be more than three years.
Once he left, the Purple Heart Holy Land would not be able to rise in such a short time. Perhaps the Demon Night Clan would be able to take care of the Human Clan because of Xun, but it would be wishful thinking for the Human Clan to rise to the same level as the Demon Night Clan.
This was why Luo Zheng wanted to set up permanent seats. This way, at least the Human Clan's seats would not decrease.
More importantly, not only would the Human Clan have permanent seats, but so would the Demon Night Clan. This meant that the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan would be tied together. If the other clans were not satisfied with the permanent seats, they would first have to ask the Demon Night Clan. At that time, the Demon Night Clan would not have to care about anyone's face and would be the first to rush out and secure the permanent seats.
This was Luo Zheng's plan.
"That's right. The Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan don't have to compete for the seats. They will be kept forever. There are pros and cons to this. The downside is that you will not be able to compete for the permanent seats of the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan. The upside is that the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan will not expand their seats," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Now, Luo Zheng still had 26 seats from the Demon Clan to distribute. If he gave all of them to the Human Clan, then the Human Clan would have 30 seats, which was more than enough.
"Is there anyone who objects?" Luo Zheng asked.
Many peak War Reverends did not say anything. They knew that it was useless to say anything. Moreover, Luo Zheng's words made sense. The Demon Night Clan and the Human Clan together had close to 50 seats. The remaining 70 or so seats would be distributed by the remaining clans.
The situation was similar when they were with the Demon Clan.
Moreover, the other clans were worried that the Demon Clan and the Demon Night Clan would continue to expand their influence. If they continued to develop according to the previous rules, the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan would have more and more seats while the other clans would have fewer and fewer seats. In the end, all the seats would fall into the hands of the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan.
Now that Luo Zheng's rules had stopped the Demon Night Clan from expanding, it meant that the Demon Night Clan and the Human Clan's seats would be forever locked at this number … This was not a bad thing.
"No objections …"
"I don't have any objections either."
Luo Zheng did not ask for their permission at all.
Luo Zheng only gave 8 of the 26 seats to the Demon Night Clan. This way, the Demon Night Clan would have 24 seats, while the Human Clan would have 22 seats. They would become the second most powerful clan in the Tower of Sin.
As for how Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin planned to distribute the seats, Luo Zheng did not need to interfere.
Ling Yan was fine. Although having 8 more seats was a good thing for the Demon Night Clan, it was not enough to make Ling Yan so excited.

Chapter 614
The vast majority of the Peak War Reverends were on the fourteenth floor of the Sin Tower.
The most outstanding Peak War Reverend on the fourteenth floor had to obtain the qualifications to be the seat controller through competition before he could enter the fifteenth floor and obtain an independent space, which was a small world.
The problem was that there were only fourteen Peak War Reverends in the Human Clan. This included Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe and the other three seat controllers.
Zhao Fenqin was stunned by this sudden happiness. He was even very worried now, what should he do without so many Peak War Reverends?
After thinking about it, he still used his true essence to send a sound transmission to Luo Zheng.
The solution that Luo Zheng gave was very simple. If the Peak War Reverend was not filthy, then he would use the Ninth Stage War Reverend. If the Ninth Stage War Reverend was not enough, then he would use the Eighth Stage …
However, in the end, the seats were still filled. Of course, Zhou Fenqin would not let the Ninth Stage War Reverend be the seat controller. In the end, he found a few Peak War Reverends from the Purple Heart Sacred Land to take up this position. After all, in such a large Purple Heart Sacred Land, there were still quite a few Peak War Reverends.
After dealing with this matter, under Zhao Fenqin's invitation, Luo Zheng still made a trip to the Purple Heart Sacred Land.
As a member of the Human Clan, Luo Zheng had never entered the Purple Heart Sacred Land.
However, his reputation in the Purple Heart Sacred Land had already reached a point where it made people's hair stand on end.
When Luo Zheng had just started climbing the Sin Tower, the Purple Heart Sacred Land had already begun to publicize Luo Zheng.
After all, at that time, Luo Zheng, as a warrior, had actually challenged the generals of other races. This was enough to make the humans of the Purple Heart Sacred Land proud and elated.
At that time, the Purple Heart Sacred Land had solemnly told the tens of millions of Human Clan s in the Sacred Land that Luo Zheng's appearance could very well bring them a new seat.
A new seat meant an additional right to speak, as well as an additional five spots and hope …
However, just as everyone was paying attention, Luo Zheng's performance could only be described as soaring into the sky. This was not a matter of one more seat. This meant that Luo Zheng had relied on his own strength to control the entire Sin Tower!
Luo Zheng's performance had greatly exceeded everyone's expectations.
Although there were some voices of distrust in the Purple Heart Holy Land due to the encirclement of the Twin Devil Holy Land, after the Sky Feather Holy Land made a move, their mood quickly stabilized.
But now, Luo Zheng had successfully driven away all the demons from the Tower of Sin. This nightmare that had once loomed over the heads of the Human Race had actually dissipated …
One had to know that in the Sin Tower, countless humans had been slaughtered by the Devil Clan!
One day later, Luo Zheng, Xia Shuang, and the rest, as well as several seat controllers, passed through the cursed lands and arrived at the Purple Heart Holy Ground through a transmission array.
As soon as Luo Zheng appeared, a huge sound wave rushed towards him, giving him a fright!
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
The Purple Heart Holy Land's teleportation array to the Cursed Lands was built at the peak of a tall mountain. Standing at the peak, Luo Zheng scanned his surroundings. At the bottom of the mountain, there was a dense mass of people! These people looked at him from afar, constantly cheering, as if a great hero had returned.
Xia Shuang had a sweet smile on her face as she stood beside Luo Zheng. Her soft and voluptuous body deliberately moved towards him.
It was said that beauties loved heroes. From the first time Luo Zheng met Lord Jing, when he released his soul force to drive away the two War Reverends, Xia Shuang's heart was already thumping, and there was a trace of hope in her heart.
Unfortunately, Xia Shuang could not guess Luo Zheng's attitude. Coupled with his mysterious identity, she gradually understood that Luo Zheng would not stay on the Sea God Continent for long.
Where did this young man come from?
Xia Shuang guessed thousands of times in her heart. Unfortunately, the Sea God Continent was a relatively isolated place. Even if Xia Shuang searched through all the historical records, she could not find any trace of him.
If he suddenly left that day, would she be reluctant to part with him? Hearing those loud cheers, Xia Shuang's face flashed with confusion.
At this moment, three streamers of light appeared in the sky. The person in the lead stepped on a flying sword and suddenly flew towards this side.
That person looked to be in his early forties. He was handsome, like a celestial figure.
From the momentum transmitted from his body, Luo Zheng immediately understood that these three people were all mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm. The leader was naturally the leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land, Situ Haotian. Along the way, Xia Shuang had introduced to Luo Zheng in detail that the old men beside Situ Haotian were the previous leaders of the Purple Heart Holy Land, Sikong Ming and Li Jiuhai.
Situ Haotian stood on the peak of the mountain and bowed to Luo Zheng, "I have long heard of Young Hero Luo Zheng's name. Today, I finally meet you. You are indeed a heroic young man, handsome and extraordinary!"
"You flatter me!" Luo Zheng greeted with a smile.
"You are a guest from afar. Young Hero Luo Zheng, please come to the main hall to discuss in detail …"
After some greetings, everyone moved towards the main hall of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
This was the second Holy Land that Luo Zheng had been to.
To be called a Holy Land, it was naturally much larger than the fifth-rank and fourth-rank Sects. Moreover, on the Sea God Continent, because there were so many races, there seemed to be no ordinary humans in this Holy Land. Almost everyone was a warrior.
This was easy to understand.
The environment of the Sea God Continent was different from that of the Central Domain. The Central Domain was almost entirely occupied by humans. Even if there was a war between Sects, the ordinary people still lived their own lives and didn't have much interaction with the warriors.
The Sea God Continent, on the other hand, was different. There were many different races here, and the rules of natural selection were on full display here. The human race was weak to begin with, so there was very little space for the weak ordinary humans to survive here!
Flying was forbidden in the central area of the Holy Land. However, under the leadership of Situ Haotian, Luo Zheng and the others naturally didn't have this restriction.
The main hall was built on a gentle hillside. The entire hillside was paved with a layer of white jade. It looked like a celestial palace in the sky.
On both sides of the main hall, the geniuses of the Human Race's younger generation were gathered.
Although these people's cultivations weren't high, they were all rare talents. In order to cultivate more powerhouses, the Purple Heart Holy Land would screen out these geniuses every year and carefully cultivate them. Once they became battle generals, they would be sent to the cursed land and enter the Tower of Sin to cultivate.
However, as the number of seats controlled by the Human Race increased, these people didn't need to wait until they were battle generals to enter the Tower of Sin. They could be sent in as warriors. With the Human Race's influence in the Tower of Sin, they wouldn't have to worry about these people being casually killed. After all, the environment in the Tower of Sin had been greatly improved!
"Look, that's Luo Zheng. I saw him on the letter tablet!"
"I heard that although he's only a battle general, those Revered Warriors aren't his match!"
"Senior-apprentice Sister Xia Shuang is actually following behind him! Do you think Senior-apprentice Sister Xia Shuang will marry Luo Zheng? "
Hearing the words of these human geniuses, Xia Shuang's face turned red. These words naturally reached the ears of Situ Haotian and the others, but they only faintly smiled. In the eyes of a martial artist, marriage was also a matter of fate.
Among these young geniuses, there was a 14 year old child. As he watched Luo Zheng fly past, his red face shined with a strange luster. This young boy didn't speak, but at this moment, a strong obsession was constantly gathering in his heart of martial arts!
"In the future, I will definitely become someone like Luo Zheng!" This child shouted in his heart.
In fact, several years later, this child did indeed achieve this. He became the second human in the Tower of Sin to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. This was because he had the same fate as Luo Zheng. But this was a story for another time!
After entering the main hall, all sorts of etiquette were displayed. Luo Zheng was indeed treated as an honored guest.
To be treated like this by a Divine Sea Realm expert was already an incomparable honor. However, this wasn't the first time Luo Zheng had experienced this. Last time, he had encountered a situation even more ridiculous than this in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land …
Then, Situ Haotian and Luo Zheng began to discuss the Tower of Sin.
As for Luo Zheng's arrangement, Situ Haotian couldn't find any flaws. With a permanent seat, the human race didn't have to worry about losing control of the Tower of Sin. Not to mention, Luo Zheng had also dragged the Demon Night Clan into this.
"However, with Young Hero Luo Zheng's arrangement, does it mean that he already has the intention to leave?" Situ Haotian guessed.
This wasn't difficult to guess. As long as Luo Zheng was in the Tower of Sin, no one in the Tower of Sin could oppose him. However, Luo Zheng's arrangement was clearly to prevent Luo Zheng from leaving the Tower of Sin and the human race from declining again. Now that they were tied together with the Demon Night Clan, from a certain perspective, they could rest easy.
"That is indeed the case." Luo Zheng nodded and openly admitted, "After exploring the Mysterious Underworld Cave, I'm afraid that I will have to leave. Therefore, I came here this time to ask you about the secrets of the Mysterious Underworld Cave!"
(I've already made up for what I owe, so I've done what I said ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 615
Although Situ Haotian had already expected that Luo Zheng would choose to leave, he couldn't help but reveal a disappointed expression.
If Luo Zheng could stay, his future achievements would surely be greater than Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land!
200 years ago, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was far weaker than it was now. At that time, the Twin Demon Holy Land was at its peak, and no race dared to challenge them!
At that time, there was a relatively large race on the Sea God Continent called the Shadow Clan. The Shadow Clan had a sixth-grade Holy Land and was ranked fourth among the many races. But because of a dispute with the Demon Race, the Shadow Clan was finally annihilated by the Twin Demon Holy Land …
Until Liu Yu appeared and led the Demon Night Clan to a new peak. Now, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was no weaker than the Twin Demon Holy Land.
Liu Yu was only ranked in the second row of the Talent Stele, but Luo Zheng's name wasn't even on the first row. He had obtained the title of Heaven Realm, and now he was the master of the Sin Tower!
In Situ Haotian's opinion, Luo Zheng's future achievements were immeasurable. Unfortunately, such a genius didn't come from the Purple Heart Holy Land, so Situ Haotian couldn't force Luo Zheng to stay.
"Dark Nether Cave? Listening to you, you plan to enter the Dark Nether Cave this year? "Situ Haotian asked.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Isn't that a bit too soon? In fact, although every race has their own seats and quotas, those that enter the Dark Nether Cave are generally War Saints. Although they occasionally bring some War Generals in to increase their experience, these War Generals are only in the outermost perimeter of the Dark Nether Cave. This is because once you enter the Dark Nether Cave, the chances of dying are extremely high! "Situ Haotian said.
Every genius that grew up in the Sin Tower had entered the Dark Nether Cave before. Although Situ Haotian also had a god level talent in the past, his name was only on the seventh row of the Talent Stele. Relatively speaking, this talent wasn't too outstanding.
What truly changed Situ Haotian was the lucky chance he encountered in the Dark Nether Cave. In the past, he entered the Dark Nether Cave and risked his life to obtain the Limitless Sword Array. Even now, as a Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder, this Limitless Sword Array was still his most reliable trump card!
However, although there were many opportunities in the Dark Nether Cave, Situ Haotian's would also be dangerous. because of the existence of the Cursed Lands, many Divine Sea realm experts didn't have the chance to enter the Dark Nether Cave. Situ Haotian knew that even if he went in his present, he still, if he was to enter the core '''s' ''t, he would to the Dark's to.
"There's no time," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Time was not an abundance for Luo Zheng. After being away for so long, he had no idea what was going on in the Central Region. In fact, he was constantly thinking about it!
. "Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, Situ Haotian knew he couldn't persuade Luo Zheng. In the end, he sighed deeply and said," Do you know the origin of the Dark Nether Cave? "
Luo Zheng shook his head. He knew very little about the Dark Nether Cave. Daoist Tian Miao had given him a token and hadn't revealed any information about the Tower of Sin. As for the other limited information, Luo Zheng had inquired about it himself.
"Although we don't know why the Dark Nether Cave was created and we don't know the origin of the Tower of Sin, we've explored the Dark Nether Cave over the years. In fact, it is an ancient battlefield." Situ Haotian slowly said.
"Battlefield?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled look. Ruins like the ancient battlefield were not rare. There were many ancient battlefields in the Central Region. However, apart from discovering some decaying treasures and bones, there were no other opportunities to be found in them.
Situ Haotian nodded. "Yes, but the Dark Nether Cave isn't an ordinary ancient battlefield. According to our current speculation, it should be a battlefield where hundreds of powerhouses from the Upper Realm fought!"
"Powerhouses from the Upper Realm?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
This speculation wasn't without reason.
The power of the Cursed Lands far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination. Even if a Battle-Saint or a Divine Sea powerhouse entered the Cursed Lands, they would die.
When Immortal Tian Miao returned from the Upper Realm, although he was nearing the end of his lifespan and had entered the Five Decay stage, he should still have retained a considerable amount of strength.
However, Immortal Tian Miao didn't personally enter the Tower of Sin.
Although Tian Miao didn't explain anything to Luo Zheng, he did say that he couldn't enter the Tower of Sin. It seemed that he was afraid of the power of the Cursed Lands.
The Cursed Lands had existed on the Sea God Continent for countless years. So far, the power of the Cursed Lands hadn't shown any signs of dissipating. It could be imagined that ordinary beings from the Upper Realm couldn't do this.
There were strong and weak beings in the Upper Realm. Luo Zheng relied on the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend to the True Dragon World. Although Luo Zheng couldn't see the depths of the strength of those in the True Dragon World, the difference between an ordinary soldier and the Palace Master of the Dragon Abyss Palace was like heaven and earth!
However, they were unable to fathom the exact cultivation of the 'strongest' that Situ Haotian spoke of, and the extent of his strength.
Later, Luo Zheng could ask Qinglong or Xun.
This time, Luo Zheng came with the intention of asking for guidance. Since Situ Haotian had once entered the Dark Nether Cave, he naturally had to listen attentively.
"This ancient battlefield has formed its own Grotto-Heaven underground, and the Tower of Sin's spire extends all the way to the bottom of the cave. Over the years, a large number of peak War Reverends have entered the Dark Nether Cave. However, the vast majority of peak War Reverends have wandered outside. Very few have dared to enter …"
Since Luo Zheng asked, Situ Haotian didn't treat him as an outsider. This unknown human youth had made such a great contribution to the Purple Heart Holy Land. Situ Haotian couldn't help him too much.
From Situ Haotian's explanation, Luo Zheng understood that the entire Dark Nether Cave was divided into three layers. The outer layer, the inner layer, and the core!
Normally, after many peak War Reverends entered the Dark Nether Cave, they would bring their clan's geniuses to the outer layer. Even the outer layer was filled with all kinds of unimaginable dangers. Even a peak War Reverend would fall if they weren't careful!
And the inner layer was the true land of death! Even if many peak War Reverends entered, they would still have a slim chance of survival.
In the past, Situ Haotian had also fought with his life on the line. He was a man of great ambition and perseverance. He wasn't willing to become a mediocre martial artist and waste his life away. It was because Situ Haotian had entered the inner circle and risked his life, nearly brushing shoulders with the god of death. Only then was he able to obtain that mysterious sword array!
As the saying goes, wealth comes from danger. If he hadn't obtained that sword array and that supreme powerhouse's relic, Situ Haotian wouldn't have been able to become the leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land!
"What about the core? Has anyone entered? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes!" Situ Haotian faintly smiled.
"How is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Not a single one has returned." Situ Haotian laughed, "It can also be said that they are all dead."
The core region of Xuanming Cave was hidden within a thick mist. Standing at the edge of Xuanming Cave, one could see the layers of mist, and within the mist, there was a blood-red light that flickered.
So far, no one knew what was inside!
"The core area?" Luo Zheng bitterly smiled.
Immortal Heavenly Mist didn't handle this matter properly. Luo Zheng didn't know what taboo Heavenly Mist had, but he wasn't willing to clearly explain everything. He had only given him a jade butterfly, and besides that, he wasn't willing to reveal anything about the inheritance …
Then, should Luo Zheng enter the Dark Nether Cave and search for it in the outer layer? Or the inner layer? Or perhaps the core area where he couldn't return?
"Could it be that Young Hero Luo Zheng intends to enter the core area?" Situ Haotian looked at Luo Zheng's smile and a serious expression appeared on his face, "If you really have such a plan, then I advise you to give up on it!"
"I will definitely go to the Dark Nether Cave, but as for the core area … I'm not sure." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't intend to give up, Situ Haotian immediately warned, "I remember that one year, all the races in the Sin Tower united together and gathered 76 Peak Battle-Reverends to enter the core area. Their goal was to unveil the veil of the core area, but that year, none of the Peak Battle-Reverends returned!"
"76 Peak Battle-Reverends?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, almost all of them were outstanding Battle-Reverends of all the races," Situ Haotian said, "Although I know that you are someone with great luck, the core area is not something you can enter by relying on luck. That is simply a place of death. Let alone you, even I wouldn't be able to return!"

Chapter 616
Before this, Luo Zheng had also collected some information. Regarding the dangers of the Mysterious Underworld Cave, Luo Zheng was already mentally prepared.
However, hearing this from the mouth of a Divine Sea Realm Almighty made Luo Zheng realize that this Mysterious Underworld Cave was a place with a slim chance of survival.
Seventy-six peak War Reverends had joined forces to explore, but in the end, all of them had fallen. What was hidden in the core area?
Immortal Tian Miao clearly knew that the Mysterious Underworld Cave was so difficult, yet he still chose him. Was he trying to trick him …
Although Luo Zheng thought this, he didn't back down.
The opportunities in the Mysterious Underworld Cave were extremely tempting to other creatures, but to Luo Zheng, it was also very important. He naturally wouldn't miss it.
Seeing Luo Zheng's wry smile and stubborn gaze, Situ Haotian knew that persuasion was useless. After all, Luo Zheng wasn't a member of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Even if he tried to persuade him, he could only do so. He couldn't stop Luo Zheng with all his might.
The Human Race's Holy Land was more symbolic than practical.
Under Xia Shuang's lead, Luo Zheng attracted cries of surprise wherever he went.
The Purple Heart Holy Land's younger generation seemed to be quite interested in Luo Zheng.
This wasn't surprising. Luo Zheng had just entered the Sin Tower and had already alarmed the entire Holy Land. Now, he had even driven away the Demon Race. In the eyes of the Purple Heart Holy Land's younger generation, Luo Zheng had already risen to an unsurpassable height.
The curiosity of these Human Race cultivators towards Luo Zheng could be imagined.
Before leaving, the Purple Heart Holy Land also gave Luo Zheng some rewards. However, these rewards couldn't be compared to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land.
Some time ago, Luo Zheng had obtained a high-grade Saint Artifact sword from the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. Of course, that high-grade Saint Artifact was originally intended to be given to Xun by Liu Yu, but in the end, it fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
However, the Purple Heart Holy Land's foundation couldn't be compared to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, so Luo Zheng could understand.
Situ Haotian sent Luo Zheng all the way to the Transmission Array. At this moment, Situ Haotian also entrusted Luo Zheng with a message; it was about the alliance with the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands.
Although Luo Zheng had cleaned up the Evil Tower, how would the Twin Devil Holy Land deal with it?
If the Twin Devil Holy Ground were to declare war on the Purple Heart Holy Ground again, without the deterrence of the Demon Night Clan, the Human Clan would not be able to resist …
Although an alliance between races was like a piece of scrap paper, Situ Haotian, who understood the relationship between Luo Zheng and the Demon Night Clan, still hoped that Luo Zheng could facilitate this matter. At the very least, before the Purple Heart Holy Land truly matured, they would be able to obtain the protection of the Sky Feather Holy Land.
Luo Zheng understood Situ Haotian's worries, so he didn't refuse this matter. Moreover, with Smog's existence, facilitating an alliance between the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and the Purple Heart Holy Land wouldn't be too difficult.
After returning to the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng informed Ling Yan of this matter. After Ling Yan agreed, Luo Zheng didn't participate. After all, how to form the alliance, what price the Purple Heart Holy Land would pay, how long the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would protect them, these matters didn't need to be handled by Luo Zheng. That was something for Situ Haotian and Liu Yu to discuss.
In the following days, Luo Zheng continued to cultivate again and again.
The points in the Tower of Sin were no longer of any use to Luo Zheng. He could freely travel through the Tower of Sin.
In order to gain more time, Luo Zheng also borrowed the cultivation rooms that changed the flow of time.
As for the battle arena …
Although the War Reverends of the other races understood that their chances of defeating Luo Zheng weren't high, there were still many creatures that challenged Luo Zheng. Among them, there were even some War Reverends from the Human Race.
Of course, the battles weren't as fierce as before. Often, only victory or defeat would be determined.
In the blink of an eye, several months passed. Luo Zheng's opponents slowly changed from Initial War Reverends to Fourth Rank, Fifth Rank, Sixth Rank, and Seventh Rank.
Luo Zheng's opponents kept changing, and he climbed higher and higher. Finally, Luo Zheng climbed to the 14th floor of the Tower of Sin. At this time, he was already able to challenge some relatively weaker Peak War Reverends. At this time, Luo Zheng's cultivation had also advanced to Ninth Rank War General.
In addition to his cultivation, Luo Zheng also devoted himself to cultivating his own cultivation methods, including the 《Star Battle Body》, the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》, and other cultivation methods. Under Luo Zheng's cultivation, he had made great progress …
Today, just as Luo Zheng walked out of the secret cultivation room and was about to find a new challenger, he discovered that there were some changes in the Tower of Sin.
On the walls of the tower, a faint red light was constantly flowing. The ceiling, the floor, the walls, it was everywhere.
These lights were like the blood in a human body, flowing along the meridians.
"Artifact Spirit, what's going on?" Luo Zheng asked.
The artifact spirit was everywhere in the Tower of Sin. As long as Luo Zheng was in the tower, he could easily communicate with it.
"The Profound Nether Death Ray has been weakened." The artifact spirit's emotionless voice rang out.
"The Profound Nether Death Ray has been weakened! The Profound Nether Cave has opened? "Luo Zheng asked.
"You can say that," the artifact spirit replied.
"The day has finally come!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose. Then, he took a step forward, and the ground beneath his feet suddenly split open. He directly went from the 14th floor to the top of the tower!
And in the hall at the top of the tower, many peak war reverends had already appeared. These peak war reverends had entered the Profound Nether Cave more than once. Of course, they knew what these constantly flowing lights meant.
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly fall from above, Zhao Fenqin smiled and said, "Young hero Luo Zheng, the Profound Nether Cave has opened."
"Yes, I know." Luo Zheng nodded.
The opening time of the Profound Nether Cave was unpredictable. Sometimes, it would be one month earlier, and sometimes it would be one month later. However, the approximate time could still be estimated.
In the past, because the human race only had four seats when the Profound Nether Cave opened, they could only have 20 spots to enter the Profound Nether Cave. Now, the human race had more seats. There were more than 100 spots.
The more people that entered the Profound Nether Cave, the more opportunities they would be able to obtain!
The Profound Nether Cave was so big. If one was lucky, even in the outer layer, they could obtain good opportunities.
However, there would always be a day when all the opportunities would be emptied. This was also the reason why the Tower of Sin had set the quota.
Previously, Zhao Fenqin had already collected the name list and allocated the spots reasonably. The other races that had seats were also gathering their people.
There were 128 seats, and each seat could allocate five spots. Many war reverends and even some war reverends who had obtained the spots walked to the top and began to prepare to enter the Profound Nether Cave.
In the spacious hall, as the number of people continued to increase, it became a little crowded.
"Yun Luo?" In the crowd, Luo Zheng suddenly saw Yun Luo's figure.
Through Xun's words, Luo Zheng already understood that Yun Luo was a clone of a supreme powerhouse from the Upper Realm …
Therefore, it was not strange that Yun Luo could be ranked in the first row of the Talent Monument.
However, as Xun said, Yun Luo's million clones did not pursue the improvement of their cultivation. They only pursued continuous training.
Previously, Yun Luo had stayed on the tenth floor. Her cultivation did not improve, and she did not climb to the top of the Tower of Sin.
Seeing Luo Zheng's surprised expression, Zhao Fenqin quickly explained, "Miss Yun Luo took the initiative to apply for a spot. This spot … was naturally given to her."
After all, Yun Luo was a human, and her talent was ranked in the first row. Furthermore, Yun Luo had contributed a lot to the human race in the Tower of Sin over the years. It was not excessive to give her a spot.
Yun Luo's expression was indifferent. She walked unsteadily toward Luo Zheng, stared at Luo Zheng, and said, "I want to follow you to the Tower of Sin this time."
Luo Zheng felt even more strange. She had been in the Tower of Sin for so many years and had many opportunities to enter the Profound Nether Cave. Why did she choose to follow him?
Before he could speak, a red light shot out from Luo Zheng's body and slowly condensed into a human figure. It was Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Xun.
Xun glanced at Yun Luo indifferently and said, "Luo Zheng, don't agree to her."
"This … why?" Although Luo Zheng felt strange, he once had a special favorable impression of Yun Luo. Since Yun Luo chose to enter the Tower of Sin at this time, even if she followed beside him, Luo Zheng did not think it was a big deal.
Xun walked in front of Yun Luo and stared at her, "You know what happened in the Profound Nether Cave, right?"
Xun's words immediately attracted the attention of many peak war supremacies in the hall. In the eyes of many peak war supremacies, Yun Luo and Xun's origins were not simple. It was not strange that they knew something.

Chapter 617
Yun Luo blinked her eyes. She didn't know how to lie and said honestly, "Yes, I know."
"What? Yun Luo knows about the Xuan Ming Cave? "
"Then what is the core area of the Xuan Ming Cave?"
"How was the Xuan Ming Cave formed?"
Many peak war reverends couldn't help but ask.
Yun Luo turned her head and looked at them. Under everyone's expectant gaze, Yun Luo said, "I won't tell you."
Those peak war reverends were speechless. This girl …
Back then, when these Peak war elder s were still war generals, Yun Luo was already on the tenth floor. Now, she was still on the tenth floor, and it was as if she had suddenly appeared. Her existence, like the Tower of Sin and the Profound Nether Cave, was a huge mystery in itself.
The problem was that these peak war reverends didn't dare to do anything to Yun Luo.
"Xun, what's going on?" Luo Zheng asked, "Why don't you let Yun Luo follow me?"
Xun blinked and stared at Yun Luo indifferently. Then, she transmitted her voice to Luo Zheng into Luo Zheng's mind, "I don't know how the Xuan Ming Cave was formed, but this should be the battlefield left behind by the Sector Lord experts!"
"What? Sector Lord? "Luo Zheng was shocked.
"That's right, the strongest expert of a realm, the Sector Lord. Moreover, more than one Sector Lord had fallen here. If I'm not wrong, this cursed land is the Curse Domain set up by the Curse Sector Lord who once dominated the universe!" Xun continued.
At this time, Qinglong, who had been silent all this time, spoke, "Yes, the so-called cursed land is most likely the Curse Domain!"
"Why didn't you say so earlier …" Luo Zheng was a bit conflicted. It seemed that Qinglong and Xun both knew.
In the end, Xun and True Dragon said at the same time, "You didn't ask."
This answer almost made Luo Zheng fall to the ground.
"Back then, the World Lord of the Curses was an extremely famous figure in the entire Upper World. His Great Curse Technique could even kill someone from several hundred great worlds." Azure Dragon said indifferently.
"But why is the Curse Domain set up by the Cursed Sector Lord ineffective against warriors below the Battle-Saint Realm?" Luo Zheng could not help but ask curiously.
However, Xun replied indifferently: "Because you are too weak, you are not within the consideration of the Curse Realm Lord, so the Cursed Lands can only curse warriors above the peak war elder."
Kaoru's analysis was indeed correct. Just like when two armies clashed, they would only build walls to defend against the enemy's soldiers. No one would build walls to defend against ants.
To a Sector Lord, those below the Battle Saint realm were indeed like ants.
It was precisely because of this that such a strange situation had occurred on the Sea God Continent. The rise and fall of numerous races actually revolved around a single Tower of Sin! As for the creatures fighting in the Sin Tower, the strongest was only a peak war elder.
As for the mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm, almost all of them had become supporting characters.
"But what secrets are hidden in the Sin Tower and Xuan Ming Cave?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun analyzed indifferently: "That guy called Tian Miao might not have any good intentions when he tricked you into taking the inheritance. However, there are indeed great opportunities in the Xuan Ming Cave. After all, it is the battlefield of Sector Lords. Even if you obtain the inheritance of a Sector Lord, the benefits to you will be unimaginable."
"But why did you reject Yun Luo from coming with us?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Yun Luo, this woman, has a million doppelgangers. I don't know what she is thinking, but I guess she must have taken a fancy to your luck, so she wants to go in with you and get a share of the loot." Xun spoke out her guess.
"Since she knows about the Xuan Ming Cave, if she can go in, I will have more confidence. If there is really a great opportunity, I can share a share of the loot with her. Why are you so against it …" Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng felt that Xun's objection was groundless. If Yun Luo knew about the Xuan Ming Cave, then with her joining them, their chances would be much higher.
Xun glared fiercely at Luo Zheng and continued to transmit her voice: "This woman, I know her. She …"
"She is the Sector Lord of the Infinite Realm of your human race. She used the Million Spirit Clones Technique to split her soul into a million parts and sent them into different realms to be reincarnated. She used this to break through to a higher realm," Qinglong said directly.
This time, Xun didn't know who to glare at. Qinglong was in Luo Zheng's mind, so in the end, Xun continued to glare at Luo Zheng.
"She is the Sector Lord of our human race?" Luo Zheng was even more curious …
"Don't think that just because she is the Sector Lord of your human race, she is powerful. I have met her real body once. She is a very scheming woman. I think she has been waiting for this opportunity to use you!" Xun continued to transmit her voice.
Luo Zheng continued to smile. "Even so, we can still use each other!"
"Although one must always be on guard against others, I also think that we can let Yun Luo follow us. After all, the Xuan Ming Cave is too dangerous for Luo Zheng." Qinglong was very supportive of Luo Zheng.
Realizing that she couldn't persuade Luo Zheng, Xun was helpless. At this moment, she couldn't object anymore. She just showed a sullen expression and didn't say anything else.
Yun Luo stood aside in a daze. Anyone with a discerning eye could see that Luo Zheng and Xun were secretly communicating. However, Yun Luo just waited patiently. At this time, she asked: "What? Can't I? "
"Of course you can," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Yes." Yun Luo nodded slightly and didn't say anything else.
Just now, everyone should know that Xun didn't seem to trust Yun Luo from the conversation between Luo Zheng and Xun. However, Yun Luo didn't seem to care at all. Perhaps in her opinion, waiting for a suitable person to enter the Xuan Ming Cave was a very normal thing.
As for their suspicions, she didn't care at all.
There were indeed many rules in the Tower of Sin. Many clans spent half a day preparing and were almost done.
Every year, entering the Xuan Ming Cave was based on who had the most seats and who had the most seats.
In fact, this rule was originally set by the Demon Race. In the past, the Demon Race had the most seats and naturally had the priority to enter the Xuan Ming Cave. Now that the Demon Night Clan had the most seats, the Demon Night Clan went first.
At the side of the hall, there was a spiral staircase. Continuing up, there was a small door. Many Demon Night Clan cultivators climbed up the stairs.
After most of the Demon Night Clan members had entered, it was the Human Race's turn.
Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others walked in front, while Luo Zheng and Yun Luo followed behind. As for the Human Race, they also followed up the stairs.
As soon as Luo Zheng passed through the door at the top of the tower, he suddenly felt a needle-like sensation on his skin. Then, what appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a huge cave!
Such a huge cave could only be described as vast.
So there was actually such a huge cave under the Cursed Lands! Luo Zheng sighed. This was an independent underground world!
"The size of this cave is probably the same as the Cursed Lands, right?" Luo Zheng guessed.
Zhao Fenqin, who was in front of Luo Zheng, nodded. "Yes. Someone once circled around the Xuan Ming Cave. The Cursed Lands' area is almost as big as this cave! Moreover, the shape of this cave is almost exactly the same as the Cursed Lands' surface. "
"Is this piercing sensation coming from the Xuan Ming Death Ray?" Luo Zheng asked.
This huge cave was not pitch-black. The entire cave was filled with a dark red light. Luo Zheng used his hand to block the red light, and the piercing sensation disappeared. However, as soon as he moved his hand away, the piercing sensation immediately intensified.
"Yes. Right now, the Xuan Ming Death Ray is weak. Therefore, the Xuan Ming Death Ray is not strong enough. It only gives off a piercing sensation. However, once the Xuan Ming Death Ray enters its explosive period, no one will be able to resist that light," Zhao Fenqin said.
At this time, Zhou Zhuohe said, "Let's quickly descend. Flying in the Xuan Ming Cave will easily provoke some ferocious demons!"
In fact, everyone came down from the top of the Xuan Ming Cave.
The Tower of Sin was like a sharp knife that directly stabbed into the ground, while the top of the tower pierced into the cave. Since everyone came out from the top of the tower, they naturally had to descend into the cave.
Zhou Zhuohe's warning was not without reason. The Xuan Ming Cave was not a place that could be reasoned with. One year, when the Xuan Ming Cave opened, the Demon Clan's Peak War Reverends led a team. Just as they walked out of the Tower of Sin, they encountered an extremely powerful demon. In an instant, more than ten Peak War Reverends of the Demon Clan were devoured.
Moreover, that demon had been guarding the Tower of Sin. Therefore, when the Xuan Ming Death Ray in the Xuan Ming Cave weakened, not a single creature dared to walk out of the Tower of Sin.
Even though this was the outer area of the Xuan Ming Cave, it was still very dangerous.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 618
Over the years, countless Peak War Reverends had died in the Mysterious Nether Cave.
However, the temptation of the opportunities in the Mysterious Nether Cave was too great. As long as one could obtain an opportunity, they would be able to soar into the sky. Furthermore, warriors were a group of people who naturally liked to take risks!
As the saying goes, wealth comes from danger. If one wanted to obtain more, they would have to gamble their lives. Although a stable and smooth path was good, since they had chosen to become a warrior, who would be willing to be mediocre for the rest of their lives?
As soon as Zhou Zhuohe's words fell, everyone's hearts tightened. Then, they quickly descended!
The cave was shockingly high from the top to the bottom. In the distance, there were some tall mountains that stood tall. The peak of the mountain could not even touch the top of the cave.
The whistling sound of the wind blew past Luo Zheng's ears. Then, he steadily landed on the ground. Xun did not enter Luo Zheng's body. She held the spear in her hand and floated beside Luo Zheng like a ghost.
Since she had chosen to assist Luo Zheng with all her strength, she would do her best now.
"There are plants here?" Luo Zheng saw some black plants growing under his feet.
Even Peak War Reverends could not withstand the Mysterious Nether Death Ray. These plants could actually grow here?
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin carefully said, "These plants seem to be able to withstand the Mysterious Nether Death Ray. As for the principle behind it, I don't know …"
Luo Zheng did not ask any further. There were many mysteries in this world, and he could not study them all.
After the Human Clan warriors landed, Zhao Fenqin carefully looked around. Just as he was about to lead the team forward, an accident happened.
"Ah!"
A violent scream was heard.
"In the Mysterious Nether Cave, you are not allowed to make a ruckus. Are you courting death?" Zhao Fenqin lowered his voice and said angrily.
Although the number of people who admitted defeat in the Mysterious Nether Cave had increased by several times this time, alerting the demons in the outer regions was equivalent to courting death!
"Not on our side …" Someone whispered to Zhao Fenqin.
Everyone looked towards the source of the sound. Under the dim red light, a black bird appeared not far away. The bird was a hundred feet long and its large mouth took up half of its body. Above the large mouth were two blood-red eyes that coldly stared at everyone!
At the side of the bird's mouth, there was a Peak war elder from the Beast Clan in its mouth. Half of the Peak war elder's body was left outside the bird's mouth, as for the other half, it was naturally swallowed by the bird!
After that group of beastmen walked out of the Tower of Sin, they naturally descended rapidly. However, during their descent, they encountered this bird …
"What a fierce big bird." Luo Zheng's face revealed a taboo expression. Even a peak war elder could not avoid the attack of this big bird. This Profound Nether Cave was really as Situ Haotian had said, it was incomparably dangerous.
The other Beast Clan warriors all dodged. Some of the more timid Beast Clan warriors even flew up, wanting to return to the Tower of Sin.
However, before the warriors who wanted to fly back to the Tower of Sin could enter the small door at the top of the Tower of Sin, another black shadow flashed past. There was more than one big bird, there were actually more than ten of them! Even a peak war elder could not avoid the attack of these big birds. One by one, they were all caught in the mouths of those big birds!
Peak war elders were peak existences in the Tower of Sin, but in front of these big birds, they could not resist at all …
"It's a Tuna Bird!" "Our luck is really bad, let's go!"
Zhao Fenqin's expression was extremely ugly. He had just walked out of the Tower of Sin when he was attacked. This was the worst possible start. Three years ago, there was also a similar situation. That time, Zhao Fenqin had almost lost his life! However, that time, he had only encountered three Tuna Birds. Furthermore, that time, Zhao Fenqin had avoided the attack of the Tuna Birds, but four peak war elders of the Human Clan had become food for the Tuna Birds!
Under Zhao Fenqin's urging, all the Human Clan started to run in one direction.
At the same time, many Tuna Birds suddenly changed directions and chased after the Human Clan.
"Use fire to burn them!"
"But it will attract other demons, right?"
"Who cares about that? These strange birds are afraid of fire. Chen Fei, He Tie, set fire to them!"
Under Zhao Fenqin's orders, the two peak war elders suddenly turned their heads. With a wave of their hands, true essence surged out and raging flames gushed out.
The war generals of the Human Clan might be weaker than the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan, but after reaching the war elder and the war saint, the humans who cultivated true essence were not weaker than the other races. In other words, the Human Clan's body was originally suitable for cultivating true essence cultivation methods!
This was also the reason why the Human Clan was able to occupy the top four seats.
Two different colored flames shot out, forming a dense net of fire, completely sealing off their retreat.
Just as Zhao Fenqin had said, these strange Tuna Birds were indeed afraid of fire. The Tuna Birds opened their beaks and let out high-pitched cries. They circled around the fire net, but did not dare to break through it.
However, after circling for a while, the strange birds quickly increased their altitude, passing through the fire net and continuing to dive down.
Chen Fei and He Tie were at the back, while the other dozens of warriors continued to run forward. Even so, they were unable to shake off the strange birds.
"Ah!"
This time, the one who cried out was a tenth level war general. This was a saint level genius of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
In the past, the Human Clan had very few seats. Almost all of the twenty spots were given to high level war elders. There would not be any war generals in the group that entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave. This time, the Human Clan's seats had increased explosively, and the number of spots had increased by several times. Naturally, some spots would be given to the younger generation of the clan.
This saint level genius was in the group. He was only running with his head down, but half of his body was bitten off by a Tuna Bird.
"Kill this strange bird!"
The moment a Peak war elder ran, he leaped forward and flipped in the air, a longbow appeared in his hand. The longbow had two ghost head sculptures hanging on it, and the moment the Peak war elder flipped over, his hand was already on the bowstring, and his primeval essence transformed into a purple arrow!
The two ghost head sculptures suddenly emitted an orange light, following that, the Peak war elder released his grip, and the purple arrow shot out!
"Whoosh!"
The speed of the arrow was surprisingly fast. Before the naked eye could react, the arrow had already shot towards the strange bird.
"Pah!" The power of the arrow formed from primeval essence was also terrifying. Everyone's eyes flashed, hoping that this arrow would be effective.
However, when this primeval essence arrow shot out, it actually could not even break through the skin of the Tuna Bird. How could it injure the Tuna Bird in the slightest?
"These strange birds live in the Mysterious Underworld Cave and are able to withstand the radiation of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. It's very hard to kill! Unless we burn it with fire! "Zhao Fenqin said as he led his team to charge forward.
As the leader of the Human Clan team, he didn't have the time to turn around and fight against the Tuna Birds.
Right now, everyone was out of their wits, and Zhao Fenqin could be considered the most familiar Martial Warriors in the Human Clan. He knew very well that if he ran in the wrong direction in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, it was very likely that he would be completely annihilated, so he had to lead the team to find the right way.
"Ahh …"
Another blood-curdling scream came out. Just now, the Peak war elder's arrow had hit the Tuna Bird, but it had no effect. However, it had successfully angered the strange bird, which swooped down and caught the Peak war elder in its mouth.
The faces of the human Martial Warriors turned even uglier. If this continued, the Human Clan would probably be devoured by these strange birds!
"Ga!"
A Tuna Bird circled around, locking onto Luo Zheng's body, and then rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"No!"
"Protect Luo Zheng!"
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe immediately became anxious.
Before returning from the Purple Heart Sacred Land, Situ Haotian was very worried about Luo Zheng entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave, so he instructed Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe to protect Luo Zheng with all their might. Even if they had to sacrifice their lives, they had to ensure Luo Zheng's safety.
Luo Zheng's strength was indeed not bad, but Zhao Fenqin and the others did not think that Luo Zheng could withstand this invulnerable strange bird!
Seeing the Tuna Bird flying closer and closer, Luo Zheng also frowned. He was not sure if he could take down this strange bird …
Yun Luo stepped on her wooden clogs and was still one zhang away from Luo Zheng. Seeing this scene, she slightly closed her two fingers and prepared to attack. However, when she saw Xun's expression, her indifferent eyes flashed and she restrained herself.
At this moment, Xun's expression was indifferent. The long spear in her hand had already pierced out. This seemingly casual spear contained a terrifying power.

Chapter 619
That invisible wave contained an inexplicable power, and it shot toward the strange bird.
"Pfft!"
The characteristic of the spear was to penetrate, and in Xun's spear, all the power was compressed into a single point. At this time, the penetrating power was the most terrifying. When the spear intent shot straight towards the strange bird, it instantly pierced through the indestructible surface of the strange bird!
"It's useless …" Not far away, a peak war reverend who was fleeing in panic shook his head.
Compared to the huge body of the strange bird, Xun's spear was like a needle tip. Even if it pierced through the Tuna Bird, it would only cause it to feel a trace of pain. It would not be able to kill the strange bird at all.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe flanked Luo Zheng from the left and right. At the same time, black and white primeval essence erupted from their bodies. When the two of them worked together, their strength would increase by several times. However, at this time, the most important thing for them was to protect Luo Zheng.
Although they knew that Xun's origin was extraordinary, so what? In the end, she was only a Sword Spirit, and the difference in strength between her and Luo Zheng's cultivation was not great. How could she block the attack of the Tuna Bird?
However, when Xun's spear pierced out, the hand holding the spear gently twisted, and everyone suddenly heard an explosive sound!
It was as if countless bones were constantly breaking and exploding, crackling like beans exploding.
Everyone looked up again and saw that the Tuna Bird, which was over a hundred feet long, had wrinkled skin all over its body. Its huge body seemed to have been twisted by someone's hands, like a huge rag that had been twisted into a ball.
"Bam!"
The Tuna Bird, which had lost its ability to fly, fell heavily to the ground and rolled into the grass beside it.
The peak war reverends who saw this scene were all stunned.
During this period of time, Xun often went to the arena. Luo Zheng gave Xun some opportunities to exercise. In any case, if Xun won, the Light of Creation would still belong to Luo Zheng.
These peak war reverends knew a little about Xun's unpredictable spear technique. There were even some peak war reverends who stayed at the fourteenth level who specially went up on stage to experience Xun's spear technique.
Everyone knew that Smoke's marksmanship was very powerful, but they did not expect it to be this powerful!
When Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe joined forces, they were able to compete with a beginner level Battle-Saint. If they were given sufficient strength, they would also be able to kill the Tuna Bird. However, it was impossible for them to do it so cleanly!
"Good marksmanship!" Luo Zheng continued to run forward.
"Hmm." Hearing Luo Zheng's praise, Xun nodded. Her expression remained unchanged as she held her spear and stuck close to Luo Zheng's back.
Now that Luo Zheng was out of danger, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe could only return to the front of the team and lead them forward.
The overall situation was still very chaotic. The Xuan Ming Cave was originally a place of great danger. According to past practice, after entering the Xuan Ming Cave, they would hide for a period of time before carefully moving forward. However, not long after entering the Xuan Ming Cave, they encountered these demonic creatures. It could only be said that they were unlucky.
There were constantly people being taken away by the strange birds, but there were also Peak war venerables fighting back. In this short period of time, three Tuna Birds were killed by the Peak war venerables.
However, the number of Tuna Birds continued to increase.
The greater the commotion, the more Tuna Birds would be attracted, and the more dangerous the situation became.
Looking at the strange birds circling in the sky, Zhao Fenqin's scalp went numb. A bad premonition arose in his heart. The human race had just started to gain interest in the Tower of Sin, and now they were going to fall here?
This was what Situ Haotian was worried about.
In fact, it didn't matter if everyone, including Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, died. As long as Luo Zheng was alive, he could protect his position in the Tower of Sin!
However, in this situation, could he protect it?
Zhao Fenqin was very regretful. If he had known earlier, he would have risked his life to not let Luo Zheng enter the Xuan Ming Cave. Unfortunately, he understood that regret was useless. Even Situ Haotian's advice was useless. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't listen to him.
"Ga ga!"
From the side, more than ten strange birds swooped down.
The range of this wave of swooping down covered Luo Zheng and the others.
"This is bad!"
Zhao Fenqin cried out. He called out to Zhou Zhuohe and prepared to turn around and save them. This time, he really had to risk his life.
Luo Zheng also felt the danger coming from above him. He turned around, his eyes calm. The true essence in his dantian began to rapidly revolve. At the same time, the astral essence in the Hundred Meeting Stage above his head began to accumulate!
Xun Luo's spear turned, pointing it upwards. She lightly said, "We can't leave. Let's deal with these strange birds first."
As for Yun Luo, she lifted her delicate hand. Her fingertips shimmered with a strange light. It was as if she only needed to lightly point her finger and tens of thousands of finger lights would shoot out.
Many peak Reverends also understood that they couldn't run away now.
Although Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were leading the way, the dangers of the Xuan Ming Cave's inner and outer layers were not fixed. Every year, there would be changes.
Although Zhao Fenqin and the others were relatively experienced, it was impossible for them to control the entire situation and avoid these vicious creatures.
It was better to risk their lives here. Perhaps they might even be able to fight for a chance of survival.
"Kill!"
"Go all out. Although these strange birds are difficult to deal with, there is still a chance to kill them!"
"Everyone, come closer!"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. Faint starlight began to appear from his body as he clenched his fists.
"Ga ga ga ga ga …"
Those strange birds let out noisy cries and quickly rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng constantly judged the distance. When it was about time, his fist was suddenly filled with a powerful force.
"Stars Sink and Earth Quake!"
This fist suddenly swung out. Even the air was torn apart by Luo Zheng, producing a sharp sound. Luo Zheng's sleeves were even burned by the friction with the air because of the rapid wave.
The surging astral essence converged into a huge spiral and swept towards the top of Luo Zheng.
Directly above Luo Zheng's head, another strange bird pounced towards him. That strange bird happened to be wrapped in the spiral that Luo Zheng burst out.
"Ga ga ga …"
Just now, there were also peak war elders who had counterattacked the strange birds. However, they had to rely on the sharpness of their weapons to barely break through the strange birds' defenses.
As for the pure fist light that smashed into these strange birds, they did not move at all!
The Profound Nether Cave was originally a place that was difficult to survive. The monsters that could survive here were all able to resist the Profound Nether Death Ray. Not to mention these strange birds, even the flowers and grass on the ground were incomparably tough. Even a peak war elder would have to expend a lot of effort to pull out the weeds on the ground, let alone these huge strange birds.
However, the whirlpool created by Luo Zheng's punch actually sucked the strange bird into it. Under the rotation of the whirlpool, the strange bird's huge wings began to curl up and break!
By the time the strange bird rushed in front of Luo Zheng, its wings had already been twisted by the whirlpool and were firmly bound to its body. This strange bird was like a huge stick that directly fell down, and its beak, which was several zhang long, stabbed into the ground behind Luo Zheng!
Although this was not the time to die in a daze, seeing Luo Zheng knock down the bird's beak with a single punch, many peak war elders were still stunned.
Wasn't the power of this punch too great? What kind of fist technique was this?
Luo Zheng's punch also greatly increased everyone's morale. After all, Luo Zheng was only a ninth stage war general, killing these strange birds was like chopping melons and vegetables. Their peak war elders could not perform too badly!
As for Yun Luo, who had maintained a distance of three zhang from Luo Zheng, she took a step forward on her small wooden clogs and looked at the strange bird indifferently. With a slight tremble of her fingers, two slender finger lights shot out.
The two finger lights that flickered with a strange luster shot out from her hand and accurately pierced into the strange bird's huge eyes!
The strange bird's eyes were blinded by Cloud Fall, and it immediately lost its sense of direction. It flapped its wings and flapped them continuously, but in the end, it still fell to the ground and kept rolling. The strange bird's huge strength stirred up the sand and stones on the ground, and its powerful wings carved out ravines on the ground.
At this time, no one had the time to care about the strange bird. The blind Tuna Bird was no longer a threat, and the real trouble was the ones circling above their heads.

Chapter 620
Zhao Fenqin was overjoyed, and everyone felt that it was inconceivable.
When a person was forced into a desperate situation, they would always be able to erupt with unimaginable power.
Previously, Zhao Fenqin had led everyone to escape, mainly because he was afraid of alerting other demons. Moreover, he was not sure if this group of people could handle it.
In the end, when they could not escape, they risked their lives and actually managed to endure it!
The remaining few lonely Tuna Birds continued to circle in the air. These Tuna Birds were not completely without intelligence, and the group of Peak War Elder below them were not easy to bully …
However, in their simple minds, they understood that there were no demons in the Profound Nether Cave that were easy to provoke. These Tuna Birds were at the bottom of the food chain, and in comparison, the humans below were relatively easy prey.
Therefore, they only circled around this group of humans, unwilling to leave. At the same time, they kept chirping, hoping to summon more of their kind.
"They're calling for their companions. Let's go." Hearing the cries of the strange birds, Zhao Fenqin's expression darkened, and he quickly led everyone away from this place.
Luo Zheng was still in the middle of the group. This Profound Nether Cave was just as Situ Haotian had said, it was too dangerous. Even if Luo Zheng's luck was extremely strong, it would not be easy for him to successfully obtain the inheritance.
However, when people ran on the ground, their speed would definitely not be able to compare to the birds flying in the sky. They had no way of getting rid of these strange birds.
This was a bit troublesome. On one hand, they were afraid that the strange birds would summon more companions. On the other hand, they were afraid that these noisy strange birds would attract the demons in the Profound Nether Cave …
This was definitely not the way to go. Every time they entered the Profound Nether Cave, they would be extremely careful. How could they dare to cause such a big commotion? After causing such a ruckus for so long, it was already considered lucky that they did not attract those powerful demons.
Their luck could be good for a while, but it could not be good for a lifetime. Their luck could not be good forever.
"Kill these strange birds first!" After stopping, Zhao Fenqin stared at the strange birds above him and said coldly.
"I'll go!"
"I'll go too!"
In fact, several Peak war elder s had this plan, but because the person leading the team was Zhao Fenqin, they still had to follow the orders. Now that Zhao Fenqin had made this decision, several Peak war elder s immediately shot towards the strange bird in the sky like arrows that had left their bows.
These strange birds were not stupid. When they saw the people below shooting up into the sky, they quickly flew up as well.
Although the flying speed of the Peak War Elder was not slow, it was far from being as agile as these strange birds. After circling around in the air a few times, they could not even touch the strange birds.
After the Peak war elder landed, the strange birds actually circled back …
"What bad luck!" Zhao Fenqin sighed, deep worry appearing on his face.
He would rather have these strange birds charge at him. He couldn't catch them or chase them away. He was at his wit's end. It wouldn't be long before they attracted even more strange birds.
"Ga ga ga ga …"
Most of the time, this was the case. What one feared would happen.
Not far away, a large black cloud suddenly appeared, and disorderly bird cries could be heard.
Everyone looked over. It was actually a black mass of strange birds. With so many strange birds, there were probably no less than a thousand of them …
Everyone's faces, including Luo Zheng's, darkened.
These strange birds were already difficult to kill by themselves. How could they deal with over a thousand of them at the same time?
In the blink of an eye, the cloud formed by the strange birds rushed over, completely blocking the weak Xuan Ming Death Ray.
"What, what should we do?" A Peak war elder asked.
"Split, split up and escape …" Zhao Fenqin's voice was trembling as he spoke.
"Even if we split up and escape, it's useless. There are so many strange birds …"
Luo Zheng looked at the group of strange birds, his eyes flashed, and then asked: "In the outer layer, where is the ferocious object?"
"What do you want?" Zhao Fenqin asked.
"Lure these strange birds over!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a determined expression.
At this time, they could only take the risk. Although it was difficult to deal with such a large number of strange birds, there were definitely stronger existences in the Xuan Ming Cave. They would die if they stayed here, so they could only lure these strange birds over. Perhaps they could seize a chance of survival.
Zhao Fenqin's mind spun quickly. At this time, there was no time for him to think. Luo Zheng's method was the only feasible method.
Coincidentally, Zhao Fenqin knew that there was a forbidden area in the west of the outer layer!
The people in the Tower of Sin were constantly perfecting a map based on the records of their predecessors' explorations. This map was shared by all races. Of course, there were some people who were unwilling to offer up important secrets and marked them on the map. They didn't even tell their own race's members about it.
However, many races were still quite generous towards dangers. After all, if they could mark a forbidden area, they would have a higher chance of survival.
However, these dangers and forbidden areas were constantly changing. For example, if there was a peerless ferocious object hiding in the outer layer, it was very likely that this object would move the next year. This way, the map wouldn't be accurate.
In the forbidden area in the west, it was said that there was a Giant Mangku Toad!
The Giant Mangku Toad had existed for a long time. In the past, many races broke into the forbidden area and were swept away by the Giant Mangku Toad's thick tongue. From then on, no warrior who entered the Xuan Ming Cave dared to go near it.
With the strength of the Giant Mangku Toad, not to mention a peak war reverend, even a war sage or a Divine Sea Realm warrior couldn't deal with it!
Normally, Zhao Fenqin wouldn't go there even if he was beaten to death. Just now, he led everyone to go around the Giant Mangku Toad's territory. However, now he had to lure these strange birds over.
Standing here was death. Perhaps there was a chance of survival if he lured them over!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Many peak war reverends, including Luo Zheng and the others, turned into streams of light and rushed forward, following behind Zhao Fenqin.
The thousands of strange birds in the sky chased closely, swooping down from time to time.
"Ah ah …"
In the process of this charge, another human warrior failed to dodge in time and was taken away by a strange bird.
"Hai Qing!"
A peak war reverend roared, but he was unable to turn around to save them. Behind them were countless strange birds, and as long as he turned around, he would immediately be eaten by those strange birds, dying without a complete corpse.
This time, neither Xing Hui nor Xia Shuang managed to get a spot in the Xuan Ming Cave. Instead, this brat followed them in, this brat was the nephew of the peak war reverend. He originally thought that following behind his uncle, he would only wander around the outer area of the Xuan Ming Cave and wouldn't be in too much danger.
However, at this time, everyone was busy taking care of themselves. How could they take care of a war general like him?
Just as everyone was sprinting, a strong sound wave suddenly came from beside their ears!
"Gu gu!"
That sound wave was so thick and powerful that it caused many trees to fall to the ground.
As for some of the weaker war reverends, or even some peak war reverends, they were caught off guard and did not protect their ears. Their ears were immediately injured by the terrifying sound wave, and blood flowed out of their ears.
"Everyone, cover your ears!" Don't let this Giant Mangku Toad damage your ears! "Zhao Fenqin shouted.
"F * ck!" Zhao Fenqin, why didn't you f * cking say so earlier! "Someone cursed.
At this time, everyone used their primeval essence to protect their ears, because they saw that the trees in front of them were once again bent to the ground, and an almost visible sound wave spread towards them.
"Gu gu!"
Even though they had covered their ears, the terrifying sound could still be heard, shocking everyone's minds. However, with everyone's cultivation, they wouldn't be injured under the protection.
But at the same time, everyone was deeply worried.
This Giant Mangku Toad was truly a ferocious creature. Just its cry was already so terrifying. How powerful was this thing? In order to avoid the strange birds in the sky, everyone rushed towards this Giant Mangku Toad. Was this really a good idea?
Good idea, bad idea. At this time, they had no other choice. The only choice was to bite the bullet and charge forward. The strange bird's speed was originally much faster than many peak war reverends, so at this time, it ran as fast as it could!
"Ga ga ga ga ga …"
The sound waves emitted by the Giant Mangku Toad spread in all directions, and the strange birds in the sky were clearly affected as well.
At this time, the group of strange birds had almost arrived above the humans. If they swooped down, they would be able to cut off Luo Zheng and the others' path forward!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 621
Although these strange birds were not very intelligent, they instinctively knew that there was a powerful demon in front of them. Therefore, they were one step ahead and blocked the path of these humans.
All the strange birds were circling in the air as they swooped down. The dense flock of birds seemed to form a huge tornado!
"Accept the challenge …"
Looking at the black mass of birds, Zhao Fenqin's voice was weak. He realized that it was really over this time!
Many of the peak war saints' expressions became even more unbearable. Other than a small number of people who could remain calm, most of the peak war saints' eyes were filled with despair. In this situation, even if they risked their lives, they would not be able to win. All resistance was futile!
Once this thought appeared, it was easy for people to give up resisting.
"It's over, it's useless. It looks like we're going to die in the Xuan Ming Cave!"
"Sigh, we should have returned to the Tower of Sin long ago!"
"We shouldn't have come out this time. The Xuan Ming Cave opens every year, why wait until this year?"
Everyone even began to complain, and many of them revealed expressions of regret.
Luo Zheng's face also darkened. It was indeed troublesome. Even he would find it difficult to escape from so many strange birds!
However, Luo Zheng had never given up in this generation. Even in the face of certain death, he would still not give up.
But now, the fighting spirit of these peak war saints had dissipated. From the looks of it, they had all given up on resisting.
Luo Zheng suddenly shouted: "It's just a group of strange birds. To think that you are all peak war saints, how can you be so useless!"
"So what if you die? Die with all your might or die cowardly, which will you choose? "
"Since we're about to die, why don't we try again?"
Luo Zheng roared at them, and at the same time, his body began to flicker with starlight. Then, he communicated with the Slaughtering Sword Mountain and released the surging baleful aura!
Then, he threw a punch at the "tornado" that was sweeping towards him!
As for Xun and Yun Luo, they did not have much expression, but there was no sign of giving up on their faces!
Whether it was Xun or Yun Luo, they both had the strength of an expert in the upper realm. For people like them, even in the face of certain death, they would face it calmly.
Calmly facing life and death was the most stable state of mind for a martial artist. This didn't mean that they weren't afraid of death, but that they understood how to correctly judge the distance between life and death, and how to adjust their mentality!
Most of the Peak War Reverends were indeed planning to give up. Hearing Luo Zheng's words and looking at the performance of Luo Zheng, Xun and Yun Luo, these juniors did not give up on resisting, but they, the Peak War Reverends, did not have any morale …
Many people felt a trace of shame in their hearts, but even more people had resolute expressions on their faces.
Luo Zheng was right. Since he was going to die anyway, why not take a gamble?
Therefore, in the face of over a thousand strange birds, everyone began to use their own ultimate techniques!
Bang!
"Phew …"
"Hua …"
All kinds of attacks were launched towards the sky!
Flame, frost, lightning, fist radiance, sword radiance …
It was these attacks that actually managed to stop the black mass of strange birds!
Some of the strange birds were sucked into the attacks of many Peak War Reverends. Although their defense was strong enough, they could not withstand the attacks of so many Peak War Reverends. They were instantly riddled with holes and fell from the sky.
It was a pity that there were too many strange birds. They were only able to block them for a moment before many of the strange birds dispersed the attacks below and surged forward once again.
"It's really over this time …"
"Clench your teeth, fight to the death!"
"That's right, even if we die, we won't let these strange birds have a good time!"
Just as everyone was preparing to fight with their lives on the line, another "Gu Gu" sound came from their ears.
Soon after, everyone saw a thick tongue pop out from a deep black pool not far away! That tongue was actually over a hundred feet wide, and when it extended out like this, it pulled out a distance of three to four miles, and suddenly swept towards them!
The thick tongue came like lightning. In the next moment, everyone saw a black shadow appear, and in the next moment, everyone realized that the huge tongue had already appeared above their heads!
Compared to this thick tongue, those strange birds were like little mosquitoes!
On the thick tongue, mucus continuously dripped down. Even though they were standing below the tongue, maintaining a distance of several zhang from the thick tongue, everyone could still feel the warm and rotten smell emitted by the tongue.
"Everyone, be careful of the mucus on your tongues. It's highly poisonous!" Zhao Fenqin reminded.
But just as he finished speaking, a Peak War Reverend was wrapped up by the mucus dripping from his tongue!
The Peak War Reverend didn't even have time to scream before his entire body melted bit by bit! It was as if he had disappeared into thin air in front of everyone!
One had to know that the Peak War Reverend still had a weapon in his hand, and it was even a low grade sacred artifact. But now, the Peak War Reverend and the sacred artifact in his hand had all melted into nothingness.
Everyone's expression changed, including Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng's immortal artifact body was known to be impervious to poison, looking at the power of the mucus, even a sacred artifact could be easily melted. His own body would definitely not be able to withstand it!
Fortunately, the pressure from the tongue was not fast. Everyone was on guard and dodged, so it was not difficult to avoid it.
The huge tongue continued to roll around above everyone's heads. As long as the strange birds were rolled up by the huge tongue, they would be stuck to it. Not long later, most of the strange birds were rolled up by the tongue!
The remaining dozens of strange birds screamed and fled in all directions!
As for the vast majority of the strange birds, they were firmly stuck to the tongue and were quickly melted by the mucus on the tongue!
After rolling up these strange birds, the huge tongue rolled back. Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the tongue. The red light in the Profound Nether Cave was very weak, and the line of sight was not very good. Even a Peak War Reverend could not see anything in the distance.
However, the green light in Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes could clearly see the scene hidden in the darkness!
He saw a deep black pool in the distance, and in the deep pool, there was a huge toad hiding in the pool!
"This is the Giant Python Toad!"
The Giant Python Toad's body was almost as big as a mountain, but most of its body was hidden under the water line of the deep pool, only revealing a pair of eyes the size of a house, emitting a dark red light!
After rolling back the tongue, the Giant Python Toad's mouth refused for a moment, as if it was still unsatisfied, and cried out again.
"Gugu!"
The violent sound wave immediately set off a huge wave in the deep pool, and at the same time, spread towards Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng did not move, and his gaze was still fixed on the toad. He saw that the Giant Python Toad actually stretched out two thick forelimbs, preparing to leave the deep pool.
"It's coming over …" Luo Zheng's heart tightened.
At this time, many Peak War Reverends were still immersed in the joy of narrowly escaping death. They never thought that in their moment of despair, they would be saved by such a thick tongue. Although one of the Peak War Reverends was corroded by the mucus of the tongue, at least the majority of them survived!
However, Luo Zheng did not move at all, as if he had been immobilized, staring straight ahead.
"Alright, everyone, quickly leave this place. Although we have not entered the territory of the Giant Python Toad, we are very close. If it …" Zhao Fenqin still said very cautiously.
At this moment, Luo Zheng shouted, "Everyone, quickly leave! Spread out, spread out! "
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly erupted. With the force of his feet, his entire body shot towards the sky!
Hearing Luo Zheng's reminder and seeing the speed at which Luo Zheng was escaping, a strong sense of danger rose in everyone's hearts. The many Peak War Reverends who were originally gathered together also started to scatter!
Just as the crowd dispersed, they saw the gigantic tongue lashing out at the spot where they were just a moment ago!
"Bam!"
That huge tongue directly created a large crater with a diameter of seven to eight meters on the ground! The mucus secreted from the tongue continued to corrode the ground, making sizzling sounds.
Everyone's faces flashed with palpitations.

Chapter 622
Seeing the tongue coming towards him, Luo Zheng's expression changed drastically!
Could it be that the giant toad knows that I've seen it?
There was no time for Luo Zheng to think too much at this moment!
The others dodged the tongue, but Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's expressions instantly darkened!
Luo Zheng was now the most important person in the Tower of Sin. The others could die, but Luo Zheng could not be in any danger.
Although Zhao Fenqin did not want to anger the giant toad, they had no other choice.
"Luo Zheng, retreat!"
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe attacked at almost the same time!
The two of them cooperated well. With their combined strength, they could fight against a beginner level Battle-Saint!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe each sent out two sword beams. The two sword beams intertwined and shot towards the giant tongue!
Although the giant tongue was fast, its size was huge. With such a huge target, the two's attacks were bound to hit.
However, even though the two intertwined sword beams were comparable to the attack of a Battle Saint, they did not cause any damage to the tongue at all. It was as if the sword beams had merely tickled the tongue and could not stop it in the slightest!
"It's over!"
Seeing this, Zhao Fenqin and the others' hearts sank. No matter how lucky Luo Zheng was, it was useless. No one could save him in this situation!
This was the Mysterious Underworld Cave, located under the Cursed Land. It was impossible for a Divine Sea Realm warrior to appear here, right? Moreover, even if a Divine Sea Realm warrior came, so what? Zhao Fenqin estimated that even if Situ Haotian came, he would still be no match for the toad.
Facing the rapidly approaching giant tongue, Luo Zheng's mind was spinning rapidly. The mucus on the tongue could even dissolve a Saint Tool. He would not be able to resist it! Even if his special body could resist it for a moment, he would still die if he entered the giant toad's stomach.
Xun, who was floating beside Luo Zheng, looked serious. She thrust out her spear, and an invisible wave burst toward the tongue!
At the same time, Yun Luo attacked as well. She stretched out her hand and pointed lightly, causing a ray of light to shoot towards the tongue as well!
"Pu pu!"
The attacks of the two women were effective, especially Xun. After thrusting out with her spear, the spear danced in her hand, and the invisible force kept destroying the insides of the tongue, pulling out countless small cuts on the side of the tongue!
These cuts were about the size of a person!
However, although the wound wasn't small, it was still a small wound for such a huge tongue. It couldn't stop the tongue from rushing towards Luo Zheng!
"Retreat!"
Of course, Luo Zheng couldn't just sit there and wait for his death. The moment he saw the big tongue rushing towards him, he quickly retreated.
However, he knew very well that the toad had already crawled out of the pitch-black pool. If he retreated, it would definitely follow him ….
How to counterattack?
"Stars Sink and Earth Quake!"
Luo Zheng's first move was his strongest punch. Holding back a trump card at a time like this was courting death!
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng's punch created a vortex of stars, causing the stinking tongue to cave in. Unfortunately, it was useless. Just like Xun's attack, although it could cause damage to the tongue, how difficult was it to completely destroy such a huge tongue?
This was the first time Luo Zheng's "Stellar Combat Body" had failed. Firstly, Luo Zheng had only cultivated the "Stellar Combat Body" for a short period of time. Secondly, his cultivation level was too low. This giant toad wasn't something people of their level could fight against. It was because of this that this place was classified as a forbidden area!
It was also because of this that more than half of the people in the Mysterious Underworld Cave died every year. And this was only in the outer area. Those who entered the inner area had a higher mortality rate. As for those who entered the core area, their mortality rate was 100%. This was because those who entered the core area had never returned!
"What do I do?"
Luo Zheng retreated quickly. He even crossed space, hoping to put some distance between himself and the tongue. However, the tongue was clearly faster than him!
"Fire! Black Fire! Qinglong! "
Luo Zheng didn't have time to dawdle. He directly shouted at Qinglong in his mind.
The Black Fire wasn't big, but it could burn everything. He could only give it a try …
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng wouldn't use the Black Flame, especially in front of so many people. However, he had no choice but to use the Black Flame now. He didn't want his body to be melted by the tongue and become the toad's food!
"Whoosh!"
A small but agile flame suddenly emerged from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows!
As soon as the flame emerged, it happily danced in the air!
When Yun Luo saw the Black Fire, her eyes flashed. Then, she frowned as if she was lost in thought!
When Xun saw the Black Fire, her expression changed. She subconsciously looked at Yun Luo …
As Luo Zheng's body, Xun had always had her own thoughts. She had seen the Black Fire before, but Yun Luo had never seen Luo Zheng's Black Fire.
Obviously, Xun was very unhappy that Yun Luo had discovered the Black Fire. However, Luo Zheng was in a critical situation, so Xun didn't have time to worry about it.
Everyone watched as the Black Fire emerged from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. The Black Fire seemed to have a mind of its own. Luo Zheng didn't control it and rushed toward the tongue.
Compared to the huge tongue, the Black Fire was smaller than an ant. It instantly drilled into the tongue. As the Black Fire was too small, no wound could be found when it drilled into the tongue …
However, the moment the Black Fire drilled into the tongue, the tongue that was originally flicking toward Luo Zheng suddenly twisted violently.
It was like a snake that had its head chopped off. The tongue twisted crazily without any purpose. Fortunately, the people around had already distanced themselves from the tongue. Otherwise, if they were accidentally sucked in, they would also die!
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
The tongue whipped the ground again and again, creating huge holes in the ground.
Such a huge movement must have alarmed the demons within dozens of miles. However, the strength of these demons was naturally not as strong as the Giant Python Toad, so they all hid deeply. In the outer layer of the Xuanming Cave, this Giant Python Toad was considered a ferocious creature at the top of the food chain!
"What is that Black Fire? How can it make the Giant Python Toad suffer so much? "
"I don't know. Who knows how many secrets Luo Zheng has!"
"This toad is too stupid. Why doesn't it retract its tongue?"
"Do you think the Giant Python Toad is stupider than you? The Black Fire is obviously still in its tongue. Although I don't know what the Black Fire is, seeing the Giant Python Toad in so much pain, if the Black Fire doesn't come out, it will retract its tongue. Won't it burn in its mouth? "
After the Giant Python Toad's tongue lashed on the ground for a while, everyone saw a fierce flame suddenly erupt from the front part of the tongue. From the tip of the tongue to about one zhang long, the entire tongue was completely burned!
Everyone suddenly smelled the smell of roasted meat mixed with the smell of roasted meat!
"Whoosh!"
That wisp of Black Fire drilled out of the tongue!
Just as the black flames burrowed out, the tongue that had burned off the tip of the tongue chose to roll back. It was as if it was fleeing in a panic to avoid the black flames. The tongue that was close to one kilometer long rolled back and instantly disappeared into the darkness not far away.
At this time, the Black Fire seemed to be very happy. It hovered in the air for a while and even made a chirping sound. Then, it directly disappeared into the space between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
Luo Zheng didn't even stop. He looked at the Giant Python Toad that had already left the pool and said, "Run!"
The Giant Python Toad was like a mountain, creeping in the darkness. This distance was just a jump for such a huge toad. When the Giant Python Toad really pounced on them, no one would be able to escape!
Everyone followed Luo Zheng's gaze and looked over. They didn't see anything, but they didn't ask Luo Zheng. It was very simple. The Giant Python Toad's tongue was already so terrifying. There was no need to see what would happen next. They were no match for it. Luo Zheng had just burned a part of the Giant Python Toad's tongue. If they didn't run now, when would they run?
As for what Luo Zheng saw, they didn't want to see it, and they didn't dare to see it!

Chapter 623
Everyone left the place as fast as they could.
Even in the outer layer of Xuan Ming Cave, any place with great danger was unapproachable. If they were not careful, everyone would die here.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a faint green light. Although he was retreating, he was also very vigilant!
Although the Giant Python Toad's tongue was fast, there was still some distance between them. He still had room to dodge.
However, if the toad pounced over, he would be helpless. Everyone would die.
Luo Zheng saw that although the toad had left the huge pond, it had only moved two steps forward. Its black figure had completely blended into the darkness. Only two house-sized eyes were staring at him!
"Luckily, it didn't plan on chasing us." Luo Zheng retreated backwards. However, his eyes were fixed on the toad in the shadows. After he had put a considerable distance between them, he turned around and caught up with the group.
"That toad, what's its background?" Xun asked Yun Luo.
The few peak war reverends looked at Xun, but did not know why Xun asked this question. This toad might have been here for a long time. It was clearly marked on the map of Xuan Ming Cave. Moreover, this toad had never moved and had always been here.
The demonic creatures in Xuan Ming Cave were very complicated. There were many types and they were usually very strong.
Furthermore, any powerful demonic creature that charged out of the Cursed Lands could bring about a calamity to the Neptune Continent. Take this Giant Python Toad as an example. There was probably no one in the entire Neptune Continent who could stop it!
Fortunately, the demonic creatures in Xuan Ming Cave were very strong. However, until now, none of them had walked out of Xuan Ming Cave. The reason was unknown. However, most of them guessed that these creatures were afraid of the power of the Cursed Land and did not dare to walk out of Xuan Ming Cave.
However, this guess was quickly overturned. Xuan Ming Cave was underground. These demonic creatures could dig a tunnel and come out from another part of the Sea God Continent. However, until now, no powerful demonic creature had done so. Therefore, Xuan Ming Cave was not as simple as imagined.
"That's a Giant Python Toad. It's one of Yu Chanzi's spiritual beasts." Yun Luo directly answered.
"Quasi-Realm Master, Yu Chanzi?" Xun asked.
"Yes, he's dead." Yun Luo's expression remained unchanged.
Although the conversation between the two was short, everyone understood it. However, it didn't matter if they understood it or not, even if the big toad could be subdued as a spirit object, and some of these Peak war elder s were proficient in capturing spirit beasts and planting enslavement imprints.
But to capture the spirit beast of a quasi-sector lord? That was no different from courting death.
Following Zhao Fenqin's continuous retreat, everyone finally returned to the normal route.
Many people's faces were still deathly pale …
Zhou Zhuohe counted the number of people. Just now, after being chased by those strange birds, there were only less than fifty people left out of the hundreds of people in the Human Clan.
In such a situation, not being completely wiped out was already the best outcome.
"Let's go back the way we came?" A peak war elder suggested.
The peak war elder who said this was not afraid of death. This peak war elder had entered the Profound Nether Cave before, but he had never encountered such a great danger. He felt that there might be some changes in the Profound Nether Cave, which was why he made this suggestion.
As soon as the Peak War Elder said this, many War Elder s and some War Generals also agreed.
"Yes, the activities of the demons in the Profound Nether Cave this year are too frequent. I feel that something is wrong."
"To be safe, it's better to go first. Since the Profound Nether Cave opens every year, we can wait for a chance in the future."
"I don't want to stay in this damned place anymore. Everyone says that the Profound Nether Cave is filled with death. I think it's a certainty!"
With everyone agreeing, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe also revealed expressions of interest. Their trip to the Mysterious Underworld Cave this time was truly unlucky. They had encountered such a great danger the moment they entered. For safety's sake, it would be better to return to the Sin Tower first.
However …
Zhao Fenqin looked at Luo Zheng. He still had to consult Luo Zheng on this question.
When Zhao Fenqin looked over, Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "If you are willing to go back, of course I won't have any objections, but I will stay."
Xun's gaze was calm, and there seemed to be a faint flame flowing in her red eyes. She did not speak, but Yun Luo said, "I will also continue to follow Luo Zheng to explore the Profound Nether Cave."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin was in a difficult position.
To put it bluntly, including Zhao Fenqin himself, all the peak war elders here added together were not as important as Luo Zheng!
To the Purple Heart Sacred Land, it was equivalent to relying on Luo Zheng to control the Sin Tower. If they lost all their peak war elders, the Purple Heart Sacred Land could still nurture more peak war elders. However, if they lost Luo Zheng, the Human Race's position in the Sin Tower would return to its original state.
For example, the alliance between the Demon Night Clan's Sky Feather Sacred Land and the Purple Heart Sacred Land was because of Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit Body woman, Xun. To put it bluntly, it was because of Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, why would a dignified Rank Seven Sacred Land ally with a Rank Six Sacred Land like the Purple Heart Sacred Land?
If Zhao Fenqin could think of the pros and cons, many peak war elders might not be able to think of it.
"The Profound Nether Cave is too dangerous this time. I suspect that a chaotic tide has erupted, so …" Zhao Fenqin did not give up. He wanted to persuade Luo Zheng to return.
"Chaotic tide?" Luo Zheng asked doubtfully.
"Yes, but this is only a guess. However, the Profound Nether Cave seems to have an outbreak every ten years or so. When the chaotic tide erupts, the demon creatures in the Profound Nether Cave will be very active. The danger level will also increase greatly. Normally, under these circumstances, we will cancel this year's exploration." Zhao Fenqin stared at Luo Zheng and said.
He said this to remind Luo Zheng of the dangers in the Profound Nether Cave. He couldn't just watch so many humans die with him, right?
Luo Zheng and Zhao Fenqin had different considerations.
After looking at the Giant Python Toad, how could Luo Zheng not know the dangers of the Profound Nether Cave?
However, Luo Zheng did not have much time left. He had been on this continent for close to a year. With each passing day, Luo Zheng's heart would be in suspense!
If Luo Zheng missed this opportunity, he would have to wait another year!
Although if Luo Zheng was given a year, it was very likely that he would become a war elder, or even a peak war elder, and with his strength, it would be relatively safer for him to enter the Profound Nether Cave. However, in a year's time, there were too many variables that could happen in the central region, Luo Zheng could not wait!
"I'm sorry. Although I know that this place is very dangerous, I really cannot wait another year." Luo Zheng shook his head and looked at Zhao Fenqin with a persistent gaze.
Zhao Fenqin took a deep breath. He should not have left Luo Zheng in the Profound Nether Cave. If he really did that, Luo Zheng would be fine. However, if Luo Zheng could not return to the Sin Tower, the Purple Heart Holy Land would be the first to come after him!
However, many people had already thought of retreating. He could not bring those people into the fire pit!
In the end, he said, "Zhou Zhuohe, you and I will stay here. The rest of you will return to the Sin Tower!"
Zhou Zhuohe did not hesitate. He understood Zhao Fenqin's situation very well and had his own thoughts.
Hearing Zhao Fenqin's words, many peak War Reverends heaved a sigh of relief. Many of them did not want to stay in this damned place for even a moment longer.
It was not difficult to go back the way they came. Just now, they were chased by the Tuna Birds all the way, but they only ran for a few dozen miles. To experts of their level, this journey did not take long …
After the peak War Reverends left with the Generals, Zhao Fenqin turned his head and said, "Since that is the case, we will also risk our lives to accompany you! However, Young Hero Luo Zheng, the opportunity you want to obtain in the Profound Nether Cave must not be an ordinary opportunity, right? "
There were opportunities everywhere in the Profound Nether Cave. Even in the outer region, many people had obtained quite a few opportunities. Although the opportunities in the outer region had decreased due to many years of searching, there were still people who found many good things every year!
"I'm not sure either," Luo Zheng replied.
"Not sure?" Zhao Fenqin's face revealed a strange expression. "Then do you have a goal?"
"Probably. If possible, I want to enter the core region of the Profound Nether Cave," Luo Zheng said.
When these words came out, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's faces were full of sobs. Did this kid eat the wrong medicine?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 624
The outer region of the Mysterious Underworld Cave was already extremely dangerous. However, Luo Zheng was well aware that so many people had died not long after entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
From the beginning, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe had no intention of entering the inner region.
The inner area had to go through a lot of preparation, and it often required the cooperation of several races before they could enter.
Even so, who knew how many peak war venerables had died in the inner region.
However, there were more opportunities in the inner region. Those who could return from there had obtained considerable benefits. Therefore, even though the inner region was extremely dangerous, there were still creatures willing to take the risk.
However, Luo Zheng did not say that he wanted to enter the inner region. He wanted to enter the core region …
The core region was simply a land of death. No one who entered could return. So far, no one knew what was in the core region. It was an unpredictable existence!
On the map, the outer region was marked with many dangerous places. However, there were fewer dangerous places in the inner region. Because people had not explored and understood much, it was more dangerous.
As for the core region … it was completely blank on the map. There was nothing there. There was no need to mark that place because everyone knew that entering it meant certain death.
"Luo Zheng, y-you're joking, right?" Zhao Fenqin stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng chuckled. "Just take it as a joke."
Back then, Immortal Tian Miao had given Luo Zheng this token to let him obtain the inheritance. However, he did not explain it very clearly. Tian Miao had never entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Although he knew that the inheritance was inside, he did not know where it was. He only told him that when he approached the inheritance, the jade butterfly would react.
Luo Zheng was not a reckless person. He understood that no matter how heaven-defying his luck was, he would still die when it was time to die.
At this stage, the jade butterfly had not reacted. Luo Zheng naturally chose to explore the outer region first. If he could not find the inheritance in the outer region, he would naturally choose to enter the inner region. If he could not find it in the inner region …
Since the core region was a land of death, Luo Zheng would not rashly barge in. If he still could not obtain the inheritance, Luo Zheng would choose to leave.
He had indeed promised Tian Miao to obtain the inheritance in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Since it was something important to the entire human race, Luo Zheng would also weigh his own strength. If he could not obtain it with his strength, he would not die in vain.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Zhao Fenqin sighed in relief. No one would die in vain. Fortunately, Luo Zheng still had some rationality.... then he said, "Since that's the case, let's follow the path!
....................................................
As he went deeper and deeper into the outer layer, the surrounding environment was constantly changing. At the same time, the dim red light was constantly increasing in intensity.
The weakened Mysterious Underworld Death Ray was still powerful. If it was an ordinary human without cultivation, they would probably die from being pierced through by this red light.
As the red light strengthened, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Yun Luo all had a faint layer of Protective True Essence on their bodies. It was used to resist the attack of the red light. Because Luo Zheng was a Sword Spirit, he did not use Vital Essence. The piercing feeling did not cause much discomfort to Luo Zheng.
As for Xun, she was a Sword Spirit, so she naturally could not feel pain.
After walking for about an hour, the sound of fighting suddenly came from the side. Then six figures shot out from the bushes.
Two of the six silhouettes held longbows in their hands. They turned around and shot an arrow into the forest. Just as the two of them released the arrow, a greenish-black ghostly claw suddenly stretched out from the forest and grabbed at the two people in the air. The two archers had no time to dodge and were instantly crushed into pieces!
"You guys go quickly. I'll cover you!"
When the ghost claw continued to grab upward, a woman, who was originally the strongest among the six people, shouted. Then, an infinite brilliance bloomed from her body. In the brilliance, there were shadows of flowers. Wherever the brilliance shrouded, a scene of blooming flowers appeared!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless colorful petals brewed within the brilliance. As soon as those petals appeared, they stuck to the ghostly claw. In the blink of an eye, the ghostly claw that was brimming with murderous aura was covered in petals!
"Explode!"
The woman spat out a single word.
"Boom!"
The violent explosion immediately slowed down the ghost claw. Then, the remaining four people hurriedly fled and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
The four people hurriedly rushed over and saw Luo Zheng. Then, they saw Xun beside Luo Zheng and immediately said, "My king, this place is extremely dangerous. Quickly retreat with us!"
Luo Zheng and the others already saw who it was. It was Ling Yan of the Demon Night clan. Other than Ling Yan, the other three were also peak war reverends of the Demon Night clan!
"Let's go!"
Everyone did not say much and turned their heads to follow. Just now, the strength of that Ghost Claw was not the slightest bit weaker than that Giant Python Toad. This was also fortunate that it was Ling Yan.
After all, Ling Yan was the number one person in the Sin Tower! She was the strongest peak war reverend. Meng Tian was not her match.
"There are only four people left in your Demon Night clan?" Zhao Fenqin said with a face full of surprise.
The Demon Night clan had more seats than the human clan. This time, they had a few dozen more people than the human clan. Now, there were only four people left. Could it be that the Demon Night clan had also encountered a great calamity?
Ling Yan shook her head and said, "I discovered that a chaotic tide might have erupted in the Profound Nether Cave, so I sent most of my clan members back."
Zhao Fenqin nodded, "I also suspected it, so I let them return to the tower first."
Just as everyone fled to a relatively safe area, Ling Yan and the other three Demon Night clan members wanted to kneel again. However, Xun said indifferently, "This place is dangerous. No need for formalities."
Zhao Fenqin then asked, "If that's the case, why didn't you guys return?"
"Since a chaotic tide has erupted, the danger has increased, but the opportunity has also come." Ling Yan said.
Ling Yan was right. The chaotic tide was indeed very dangerous, but at the same time, it was accompanied by great opportunities. For example, there were some places that could not be entered in the past because they were blocked by some extremely ferocious things. However, the chaotic tide had moved those ferocious things, and the dangerous places had been opened.
However, in comparison to the opportunity, the danger was also many times greater. This was also because Ling Yan was skilled and daring. The place they had barged into was originally a place of great danger. Ling Yan brought a few subordinates and barged in, but obtained several Onyx Pearls!
These Dark Nether Pearls were extremely precious. The value of each Dark Nether Pearl was comparable to the value of a medium grade saint artifact. However, Ling Yan had also paid an unknown price. The two peak war reverends who had entered with her had died inside.
"My king, these two Dark Nether Pearls were obtained by this subordinate. Please accept them." Ling Yan respectfully walked in front of Xun and presented the two Dark Nether Pearls to her.
Xun's soul was only a hundred-thousandth of what it used to be. However, at her level, her soul was abnormally powerful. Even if it was only a hundred-thousandth of her soul, it was still far more powerful than the cultivators of the lower realms.
However, it was precisely because of this that it was very difficult to nourish and strengthen her soul. The pills and secret techniques that nourished the soul in the lower realms were completely ineffective. Even when Xun had entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land and absorbed the life force of the entire sacred tree, the effects were minimal.
However, these Dark Nether Pearls were items from the upper realms. They were specifically used to repair damaged souls. Xun naturally knew that they could strengthen her soul. She nodded and had Luo Zheng accept them.

Chapter 625
When Zhao Fenqin and the others saw this scene, they were envious, but that was their king, they couldn't be envious.
When Luo Zheng threw the two Abyssal Beads into the Sumeru Ring, Ling Yan suddenly knelt and said to Xun, "My king, this time the chaotic tide broke out in the Profound Nether Cave, it is already an extremely dangerous place. It is not suitable for you to personally explore, please return to the Sin Tower!"
Ling Yan originally wanted to say that if they could obtain any opportunity, they would naturally offer it, but at this moment, it wasn't good to say so. Since Zhao Fenqin knew about the chaotic tide in advance, he must have advised Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng was still here, it must have been them who persisted.
The second time she was advised to return to the Sin Tower, although it was for the good of Xun and Luo Zheng, Xun's face still sank.
Right now, only Luo Zheng could help Xun return to her throne, and Luo Zheng would definitely not give up. She certainly didn't want to hear Ling Yan say such words.
"I won't go back," Xun coldly stared at Ling Yan, then added: "Don't make me say it a second time."
Ling Yan's heart trembled, she also understood that her advice was useless, then she stood up and said: "In that case, I implore my king to let us stay and explore the Profound Nether Cave with you."
"This is a good suggestion," Zhao Fenqin's face revealed joy. Ling Yan's strength was the strongest peak war elder in the Sin Tower! Back then, when Ling Yan was on the tenth floor, she had already climbed up to the fourth row of the Talent Monument. Now that she was at the peak war elder, she was probably not much weaker than an ordinary War Sage. If she were to join them, Zhao Fenqin would have a lot more confidence.
A few days ago, Ling Yan was worried about Luo Zheng following the human war elder, so she discussed with Luo Zheng to follow her Demon Night Clan into the Profound Nether Cave. Xun was now Luo Zheng's sword spirit, if Luo Zheng died, the sword spirit body that Xun relied on would also be destroyed. Ling Yan didn't care about Luo Zheng, but she cared about Xun's comfort.
However, this suggestion was rejected by Luo Zheng.
The current situation was in line with Ling Yan's wishes.
Then, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin took out a map, planning to choose a relatively easy route.
At this moment, her eyes flashed, her figure turned, and her slender finger pointed in a direction!
"Whoosh!"
"Bang!"
In the forest not far away, four people's's face had a smile.
Ling Yan's face looked at the four people said: "Night clan?"
The Night Clan Clan's Night clan's Night Clan member was Night clan's night clan's night Clan.
Their presence in the Night clan's clan's clan, the Night's Night of's's's was's they had a strong '' '''s, they was a clan's clan's had a 'had's's' ''s their's be''s be ranked their '''s of them's, the's s Nether Night Nether's''s of the's' ''s's''s' '''s Continent.
This time, the Nether Night clan was greatly affected by the Nether Night clan's elimination of the Nether Night clan. They had always relied on the Nether Night clan, but the Nether Night clan was all chased out of the Nether Night clan's Nether Night clan by Luo Zheng. This was equivalent to their's' protection being removed. Naturally, their status in the Nether Night clan plummeted.
Almost everyone in the Night clan was an assassin. They were good at hiding and delivering a fatal blow to their opponents. However, they were not strong in frontal combat.
These four Night clan's's' had just concealed themselves, and even Ling Yan did not discover them!
Ling Yan also glanced at Yun Luo intentionally or unintentionally. Even Ling Yan could not see through this mysterious human girl. She was only a tenth rank battle general, but her perception was so sharp?
"Xue Luotian, you're hiding here because you want to kill Luo Zheng this time?" Ling Yan did not show any mercy. Her body began to flicker with a dazzling light, and she was about to make a move.
This was not impossible. The Night clan had always been a vassal of the Nether Night clan. The Nether Night clan had intentionally cultivated many Night clan's death warriors to assassinate those thorns in the Nether Night tower. At that time, Luo Zheng had also encountered Night clan's assassins.
This Xue Luotian was also a seat controller. Moreover, he was the strongest seat controller in the Night clan. Hearing Ling Yan's words, he quickly waved his hand: "Not at all, not at all. It's just that this time, the tide of chaos has erupted in the Black Nether Cave. We want to travel together with you."
Hearing Xue Luotian's words, Ling Yan sneered, "You think you're qualified?"
These words made Xue Luotian and the others somewhat embarrassed. The four of them were's' 'Night clan's' 'Peak's'. Although Ling Yan was powerful, how could they not be qualified?
However, they did not dare to refute. Although the Night clan's' concealment was powerful, facing Ling Yan and the others directly, they had no chance of winning.
At this time, Zhao Fenqin said: "Since it's like this, I'll say a few words. It's okay for everyone to cooperate temporarily."
The Night clan had the Night clan's advantages. This clan, which was rich in assassins, was suitable for concealment and investigation. If one had the Night clan as a companion, they could often avoid many dangers in advance.
Although Zhao Fenqin did not like the Night clan, at this time, there was no need to make things difficult for himself. Moreover, they still had the advantage. Even if the Night clan had evil intentions and wanted to make a move on Luo Zheng, they still had Ling Yan and himself! Furthermore, Zhao Fenqin faintly felt that Luo Zheng's strength was not much worse than his. Just based on the Night clan's' Peak's' 'Peak's' ', it would not be a big problem!
"Brother Fen Qin is right. Although our Night clan's' strength is not strong, we still have some talent in some aspects, hehe." Xue Luotian laughed.
Ling Yan hesitated for a moment and weighed it in her heart. She still had the courage of a capable person. She had absolute confidence in her own strength. Keeping these Night clan members by her side was not a bad thing. In the end, she agreed.
After that, everyone planned a route. Now, this temporary team finally set off again.
However, at the same time, at the top of the Tower of Sin, in a secret passage, two tall and sturdy figures were squeezing inside. They were the two Peak war elder s of the Demon Clan, Meng Chong and Tian Hu.
Before the Demon Race retreated from the Tower of Sin, Yuan Bai and Tian Hu were ordered to hide in the Tower of Sin. However, Meng Chong insisted that Yuan Bai be replaced!
Not being able to kill Luo Zheng had always been a knot in Meng Chong's heart. Because of this, his heart had become extremely depressed. Because of this problem, even his heart of martial arts had become unstable.
Meng Chong's strength was actually slightly weaker than Tian Hu's, but because of the knot in his heart, Meng Chong was able to use the negative emotions to break through in a short period of time! He was now a first level Battle-Saint!
On the other hand, Tianhu was still at the peak war elder level!
Although they were seat controllers, most of them had suppressed their cultivation. In reality, it wasn't easy to break through the war elder level and enter the war saint level. Furthermore, Meng Chong had to go through a life and death tribulation to break through!
This secret passage didn't look small. It was more than enough for humans or the Demon Night Clan. However, for the Demon Clan's tall and sturdy bodies, it was extremely cramped. Meng Chong almost couldn't endure the life and death tribulation in such a small place!
However, in the end, he still became a war saint! Although Tian Hu hadn't broken through, with his cultivation as a first level Battle-Saint, it was more than enough to kill Luo Zheng!
"News from the Xue Luo Sky has arrived. They have found Luo Zheng," Tian Hu reported to Meng Chong.
Meng Chong nodded and made a sound of acknowledgment. Originally, Meng Chong's position was lower than Tian Hu's, but now that he was a war saint, he naturally had the upper hand.
"After being cooped up in this damn place for several months, I can finally leave," Meng Chong came out of the secret passage and sneered as he looked at the scene in the Mysterious Nether Cave.
Soon, Tian Hu also came out and stretched his huge body, "I really don't know how Tian Qiong and Tian Hui made it through! I was almost suffocated to death! "
"Let's go. It's time to eliminate that brat. The humans have been happy in the Tower of Sin for several months. It's time for us demons to reap the benefits!"
The Demon Clan's plan could be said to be beautiful. As the seat controller of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng could be said to be extremely sharp. Therefore, the Demon Clan temporarily avoided this sharp edge and withdrew from the Tower of Sin!
Now that Luo Zheng had entered the Mysterious Nether Cave and Meng Chong had advanced to the war saint level, as long as the Demon Night Clan gave the signal to kill Luo Zheng, the Demon Clan would be able to return to the Tower of Sin!
As for the seats taken by the humans and even the Demon Night Clan, the Demon Clan would have to spit them out one by one!

Chapter 626
The Xuan Ming Cave was illuminated by the Xuan Ming Death Ray all year round, so the environment was very harsh. To be able to grow here, the creatures that reproduced here were definitely much stronger than the outside world.
Under the dim red light, a stalk of grass on the ground was bent by a foot. When the foot moved away, the stalk of grass tenaciously rose up again. It even waved its blade-like leaves in an attempt to counterattack! The leaf was thin, but it could easily cut through an ordinary profound artifact!
If ordinary beasts and poor people passed through this kind of forest, they would never be able to walk out. Because before they could even walk halfway, they would find that there were countless sharp blades cutting their legs. Soon, they would be torn into pieces.
However, this kind of grass was no threat to the many peak war elders. It could not even penetrate their protective true essence!
Ling Yan nimbly swayed her steps as she led the way in front.
Luo Zheng and the others followed closely behind.
As long as the few peak war elders of the Night Clan were like ghosts, they blocked all of their auras and shuttled back and forth in the surroundings.
"In front of us is the Bloody Mouth Pass. Everyone, remove all of your true essence and astral essence. Don't make any sound." Ling Yan said with a true essence sound transmission.
"Bloody Mouth Pass?" Luo Zheng looked ahead. Two short mountain peaks formed an angle in front of them, and a path flowed out. It was indeed a pass, but what was going on with all of their true essence and astral essence?
"On both sides of the Bloody Mouth Pass are the nests of two powerful monsters. One is the Azure Wolf, and the other is the strange bird we saw before, the Swallowing Bird. After passing through this pass, we must block all of our auras." Zhao Fenqin took out a cloak from his spatial ring and covered his body.
The others did the same, using cloaks to cover themselves.
Not everyone could be like Luo Zheng, relying on their bodies to block the red light. Although the Xuan Ming Death Ray was weakened, this kind of light was like a fine needle, piercing the skin would be very uncomfortable. After removing the protective true essence or the protective astral essence, they naturally needed to use a cloak to block it.
After they were ready, everyone held their breaths and carefully walked forward.
The four Peak war elder s of the Night Clan were like agile leopards as they swept past the forest in front of them without making any sound.
Ling Yan and the others could not do this, and the speed of their advance was much less.
As the group got closer and closer to the Bloodmouth Pass, everyone became more and more vigilant. In such a quiet environment, everyone could faintly hear the strange cries of the tuna birds not far away. The scattered cawing sounds indicated that there was at least a large group of tuna birds resting nearby.
On the other side of the Bloody Pass, they could faintly hear the howls of wolves …
Although Luo Zheng had never seen what the Azure Wolf looked like, Luo Zheng reckoned that it was not weaker than the Tuna Bird. No matter which tribe was alerted, they would not be able to bear the consequences!
Everyone held their breaths and carefully moved forward in the darkness. The thumping of their hearts could almost be heard.
Fortunately, the Bloodmouth Pass was not big. The two short mountain peaks formed a natural barrier. As long as they entered, they would be safe.
This careful stealth lasted for the time it took for an incense stick to burn, and they were about to enter the pass. They were less than three hundred feet away from the pass.
"This time, we passed safely." Zhao Fenqin heaved a sigh of relief.
Everyone's expressions immediately relaxed.
At this moment, a light suddenly bloomed from the corner of everyone's eyes.
A faint light flickered not far away.
Luo Zheng's gaze followed the light and saw a stalk of grass.
The grass was the size of a palm, with three leaves extending in three different directions. At the top of the straight and tall roots, there was only a furry stamen blooming with a faint orange light!
"Moon Shadow Begonia!"
When everyone saw the stalk of grass, their expressions changed greatly, especially the four peak war reverends of the Night Clan. Their faces revealed greedy expressions, as if they could not control themselves and walked towards that direction.
The Moon Shadow Begonia was a kind of strange flower and grass produced in the Mysterious Nether Cave. It was said that the Moon Shadow Begonia could expand the dantian, which was very useful for warriors trying to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. So far, only three Moon Shadow Begonia had been born in the Mysterious Nether Cave. The Battle-Saints who had taken these three Moon Shadow Begonia had already stepped into the Divine Sea Realm!
And now, the strongest warrior of the Deep Sea Continent, Liu Yu, had taken one of the three Moon Shadow Begonia!
The fact that Liu Yu could become the most powerful warrior in the Spirit Sea Realm might not be due to the effect of the Moon Shadow Begonia. However, it was a fact that the Moon Shadow Begonia could greatly increase a warrior's ability. After the Dantian expanded, the total amount of Genuine Essence would increase as well. It would be easier to perform certain skills.
Ling Yan looked at the Moon Shadow Begonia and waved her hand at the four peak war reverends of the Night Clan, making a gesture of prohibition!
The Moon Shadow Begonia grew in the territory of the Azure Wolf. Although the Night Clan's concealment skill was very powerful, it was still very risky to go up and pick it!
But at this time, Ling Yan could not speak at all, nor could she use true essence to transmit her voice. This place was very close to the Tuna Bird and the Azure Wolf. The slightest fluctuation of true essence would alarm them.
Ling Yan stared coldly at the peak war reverends of the Night Clan. Unfortunately, they did not listen!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were sweating profusely. Not to mention this damned Moon Shadow Begonia, if they startled those monsters, the ten of them would undoubtedly die.
"Xun," Luo Zheng glanced at Xun next to him.
Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit body. Like Luo Zheng, she didn't need to circulate her true essence to resist the weakened Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. Moreover, her greatest advantage was that she could fly!
Her Sword Spirit Body originally belonged to Luo Zheng, so when she flew, she would not use true essence at all. Naturally, there would not be any fluctuations of true essence.
Xun immediately understood from Luo Zheng's eyes. Her figure was like a soul without legs, floating towards the Moon Shadow Begonia.
Although Xun's actions might alert the group of demons, Luo Zheng also believed that the Night Clan might be alerted. Since the Night Clan was determined to obtain the Moonshadow Begonia, then why not let him pluck it?!
The four peak war reverends of the Night Clan were still slowly sneaking over. Xun directly flew over, so her speed was much faster. Almost in the blink of an eye, she was close to the Moon Shadow Begonia.
When the four people of the Night Clan saw that Xun wanted to pick the Moon Shadow Begonia, their faces turned cold. How could they not know the danger? It was just that the effect of this strange flower was worth risking their lives for. However, after carefully searching for half a day, before they could even get close to the Moon Shadow Begonia, someone else had already taken it. How could they not be angry?
How could Xun care about their expressions? She gently flicked her spear, and the tip of the spear accurately pointed at the Moon Shadow Begonia. Then, with a gentle shake, the Moon Shadow Begonia's stem was cut off by the tip of the spear. Only then did the Moon Shadow Begonia obediently lie on the tip of the spear.
Xun looked indifferently at the Night Clan and sneered. She turned her head and flew towards Luo Zheng.
The four people of the Night Clan could not take it anymore. One of them lowered his voice and said, "Give it back to us!"
"You bunch of pigs, what right do you have to take it?" Xun also lowered her voice and retorted.
"Otherwise, we'll lure those azure wolves over!" A peak war reverend of the Night Clan gritted his teeth and said.
"If you dare, then go and lure them over." As the king of the Night Clan, when has Xun ever been afraid of other people's threats? She did not seem to care about the words of the peak war reverend.
However, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin's expressions were very ugly. They should not have let the Night Clan follow them. They were so obedient just now, but now they were in trouble.
A Night Clan member stared at the tip of Xun's spear. The Moon Shadow Begonia was still emitting a faint glow. That person's figure suddenly shot out, but he did not dare to face the dangers on both sides of the pass and rushed towards Xun.
"Catch." Xun shook the spear and threw the Moon Shadow Begonia she picked to Luo Zheng. Then, the spear turned around in Xun's hand. She did not even look back as the tip of the spear stabbed towards the blurry figure behind her!
The figure of the peak war reverend of the Night Clan was also extremely mysterious. Even if Luo Zheng faced him, he would not have the confidence to break through it in a short period of time. However, Xun's spear was extremely accurate. Just like that, with a casual spear, accompanied by an invisible wave, it hit the chest of the peak war reverend of the Night Clan!
After the peak war reverend of the Night Clan was hit, his face was filled with disbelief. He did not believe that he could not even dodge this spear!
As the peak war reverend fell, he also let out a miserable cry …
Hearing this voice, everyone's hearts trembled!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 627
Everyone was careful in order to safely pass through the Bloodmouth Pass.
It was not the first time Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan had come here. The two types of demons that lived on both sides of the Bloodmouth Pass did not interfere with each other, and under normal circumstances, they would not cross the border. Although it looked dangerous, as long as one was careful, it was still relatively safe, at least much safer than those fierce places.
In the past, they had passed through safely many times, because no one would be stupid enough to alarm those demons.
However, they did not expect that the Night Clan would disturb them this time.
"This bunch of stupid pigs, if we can return to the Sin Tower, we will definitely expel the entire Night Clan!" Ling Yan gritted her teeth and said, "Charge!"
After losing the protection of the Demon Clan, the situation of the Night Clan in the Sin Tower was already precarious, and Luo Zheng had even chased away the Demon Clan, so expelling the Night Clan was just a piece of cake. Previously, they were just worried, after all, if they expelled too many races, they would have to be wary of the alliance between the Sacred Lands and the Twin Devil Sacred Lands. A Twin Devil Sacred Lands was enough to suppress the Heavenly Feather Sacred Lands, but if the other races joined hands, the situation would be more passive.
No one had the time to think too much about it. Everyone turned into a thin line and shot towards the Bloodmouth Pass.
Only the Peak war elder of the Night Clan who was killed by Xun's spear was left behind, trembling on the ground. His eyes were filled with confusion, why did that woman dare to make a move …
These Peak war elders of the Night Clan did not have any good intentions. They followed Luo Zheng and naturally sent a message to Meng Chong. Whether or not the Demon Clan could make a comeback, it would have a huge impact on their Night Clan. As long as the Demon Clan could return to the Sin Tower, their Night Clan would still be able to get a share of the pie!
Other than this goal, if they could obtain benefits from the Profound Nether Cave, they would naturally not give up. Seeing the Moon Shadow Begonia, they understood that this was an extremely good opportunity, and they did not want to believe that these guys would dare to make a move here!
He did not expect that the woman with the spear did not even consider the seriousness of the matter and directly killed him. If it was a normal situation, he might not be so weak. After all, he was a Peak war elder, and his Night Clan's movement technique was unfathomable, how could he be so easily pierced by a spear?
It was just that he never thought that Xun would make a move, and that she would directly kill him …
As he screamed, a wolf howl came from not far away.
"Awoo …"
In the forest, there were constantly young shadows swaying. Large groups of demons were rushing over, and the forest was constantly swaying.
At the same time, from the other side of the Bloody Mouth Pass, a series of strange squawks rang out. Clearly, the action just now had alarmed the tuna birds on the other side.
Soon, a huge cloud was formed in the sky. While fleeing, Luo Zheng glanced back and was secretly shocked. There were at least four or five thousand strange birds piled up together …
"Go!"
"Swish swish swish swish …"
More than ten streams of light shot towards the cave at high speed.
The remaining three Peak war elder s of the Night Clan also followed behind Ling Yan. Ling Yan's expression darkened, and she shouted: "Scram!"
A strange light flashed from Ling Yan's hand, and bright flowers bloomed one after another. Those petals floated towards the Peak war elder of the Night Clan.
If these petals were to stick to his body, it would be fatal.
However, no matter how powerful Ling Yan was, it was impossible for her to kill three Peak war elder at the same time. After all, Ling Yan was only a Peak war elder, not to mention that she had casually sent out those petals. Her goal was to leave the Peak war elder of the Night Clan behind!
At this time, running was different. He had to be the fastest, as long as he was faster than others!
If they had known earlier that this group of people would not care about their lives, they would not have gone to retrieve the Moon Shadow Begonia. Although their figures and speed were top-notch, facing the petals that filled the sky, they could only continuously dodge, greatly slowing down their movement speed.
In a few dozen breaths of time, everyone had already rushed through the Bloody Mouth Pass, but the few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan were slowed down by Ling Yan's attacks, and at this time, the tuna birds and azure wolves were getting closer and closer to the few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan!
Ling Yan's expression was cold, she hoped that these few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan could use their lives to resist for a while. Even if these fellows were lucky enough to not die, Ling Yan would personally take their lives.
These few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan were not nameless people. They clearly knew that there was a tide of chaos in the Profound Nether Cave, yet they still dared to stay. The Night Clan did the same thing as the Demon Night Clan and the Human Clan. After discovering that the tide of chaos had erupted, they had sent their clansmen back to the Tower of Sin.
The remaining four people were the seat holders of the Night Clan, and they were the four people at the front.
After being caught off guard and assassinating one of them, the remaining three could only fight to the death.
However, the Night Clan did have their own methods. The strange birds in the sky were like a torrential rain, enveloping the three of them, and the Azure Wolf not far away also surged over like a tide. The true essence on the three of them flickered, and suddenly turned into black mist, slowly drifting about.
"Concealment Technique …"
After the Night Clan turned into a bit of smoke, the Azure Wolf and the Tuna Bird really couldn't do anything. However, how sharp was the sense of smell of these demons? They were very clear that the three of them were hiding in the clouds of smoke, so the group of demons followed the smoke and moved bit by bit …
The three Peak war elder s who had turned into smoke moved very slowly, and could only float a little. However, this was also a helpless action, if not, they would have already died.
"Hmph, as far as I know, these concealment techniques consume a lot of true essence. They won't be able to hold on for long and will still die. They only have themselves to blame!" Ling Yan said hatefully.
"The ones in trouble are us …" Zhao Fenqin shook his head and said in annoyance.
A considerable portion of the Azure Wolf and Tuna Bird saw that they were unable to do anything to the three people of the Night Clan for a while, and now pounced towards them once again.
Everyone did not dare to slow down in the slightest. At this time, they ran as fast as they could.
"Damn it, why aren't these wolves and birds fighting each other!" Zhou Zhuohe said gloomily.
Generally speaking, there were conflicts between demons, but it was unknown how these two types of demons could coexist peacefully.
After rushing through the bloody pass, two forks appeared in front of them. Normally, the vast majority of people would choose the left path, but when they arrived at the forks, they saw two fiery red snakes coiled in the corner of the left path.
The two fiery red snakes were entangled together, winding and coiling, constantly twisting. The two snakes were one male and one female, and were currently reproducing.
Luo Zheng saw the two snakes that looked like they were made of flames, but he did not feel anything. After entering the Dark Nether Cave, the thing that made Luo Zheng feel danger was the big toad. These two snakes did not look big, and could not even be called pythons. They could only be considered ordinary snakes.
However, when Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin saw the two snakes, their expressions immediately changed!
"Crap!"
"What should we do?"
The two of them cried out at the same time.
"What should we do?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Purgatory Fire Snake …"
"Why did one of the most powerful demons in the inner layer come here!"
"The seventeen Peak war elder s of the Giant Clan were killed in an instant by these two little snakes. Only one of them used a secret technique to escape with his soul!"
Although the Dark Nether Cave would be very chaotic when the chaotic tide erupted, generally speaking, the demons in the inner layer would rarely run to the outer layer.
Although the Mysterious Underworld Cave looked chaotic, there were still some unseen rules. For example, the distance between the inner layer and the outer layer was not far, but the monsters in the inner layer would not take a single step into the outer layer!
No one knew why these demons had to follow this rule, but it was precisely because of the existence of this rule that many peak war elders dared to enter the Dark Nether Cave, and even brought some generals into the Dark Nether Cave to train.
The demons in the inner layer were completely different from the demons in the outer layer, and their strength was also countless times stronger. Moreover, these two little fiery snakes were the strongest demons in the inner layer, so how could they dare to rush in?
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's expression also became serious. He did not expect that these two little snakes, which did not look strong, actually had such a background …
"Isn't there another way?" Luo Zheng looked at the fork in the road, but there was another road on the right.
"No!"
Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin said in unison.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked again.

Chapter 628
The eruption of the chaotic tide was an opportunity for Ling Yan. However, the route that Ling Yan planned was still around the outer area of the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
She wanted to explore a few places that might have opportunities. Those places were originally inaccessible, but because of the chaotic tide, a path was opened.
Zhao Fenqin also had the same idea.
Even when there was no chaotic tide, one had to be fully prepared to enter the inner area. At the same time, one had to be prepared to die because the survival rate was too low!
Now that the chaotic tide had arrived, the danger level had increased exponentially. No one dared to enter the inner area!
"Then enter the inner area." Luo Zheng winked and said to Yan Jing.
"Entering now is courting death!" Zhao Fenqin replied.
Luo Zheng looked behind him at the black mass of demons and then looked at the two Purgatory Fire Snakes that were entangled not far away. He shrugged his shoulders, "Staying here is also courting death."
Everyone's expression was very complicated. Only the two freaks, Yun Luo and Yun Luo, remained calm no matter what happened.
What Luo Zheng said wasn't wrong. The Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves that blotted out the sky and covered the earth behind them were absolutely capable of tearing them to pieces. And those two Purgatory Fire Snakes … Although they didn't seem to be that powerful, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin were even more clear that it was absolutely impossible for them to pass through these two little snakes unscathed.
In other words, they had no choice.
Ling Yan was conflicted for two breaths of time, then said sternly, "Let's enter the inner area!"
The peak war reverends present had also grown up from killing. At the crucial moment, they were very decisive. Moreover, the choice in front of them was not difficult. They could only take one step at a time. If they delayed any longer, they would not be able to leave even if they wanted to!
As soon as Ling Yan's voice fell, everyone chose the right path and rushed over!
The Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves behind them were getting closer and closer to them.
"Speed up!"
Now, everyone did not care about anything and rushed towards the inner area.
"They're catching up!"
Someone exclaimed. The thousands of Tuna Birds in the sky had already begun to dive down!
"Ahhh!"
Caught off guard, one of the Demon Night Clan's War Sovereigns was swallowed up by the Tuna Birds. His screams instantly stopped.
Seeing this scene, everyone's hair stood on end, and their sprinting speed increased a bit.
"This won't do. I don't think we can make it into the inner area," Zhou Zhuohe grumbled.
"It's right in front of us. Let's charge in in one go!" Ling Yan said without any distractions. Her eyes were burning as she stared straight ahead.
In front of everyone, there was a clear dividing line. The scenery outside the dividing line could still be distinguished, but inside the line, it was gray, as if there was only gray in that world.
After the Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves tore apart a peak war elder of the Demon Night Clan, they once again swept towards the crowd. The closest group of Tuna Birds was only two to three meters away from them, and they once again swooped down towards them!
"Soon!"
"We'll be safe for now if we rush in!"
"Good luck!"
Everyone encouraged each other.
As the black mass of Tuna Birds swooped down, they had already covered everyone. Some of the Tuna Birds had already opened their mouths and were swallowing Luo Zheng and the others.
As long as they were caught by these strange birds, they would definitely die without a burial place!
"Die for me!"
As Luo Zheng sprinted forward, his body spun, and the black fire between his eyebrows was released once again!
Luo Zheng had not used the black fire for a long time. After all, he had not encountered any overly dangerous situations before. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he did not want to use the black fire in front of everyone.
The wisp of black fire circled around Luo Zheng, and then shot up into the sky.
"Swoosh swoosh …"
The wisp of black fire flickered lightly, and instantly pierced through dozens of Tuna Birds. The flames exploded one after another, accompanied by the Tuna Birds' miserable cries.
In the blink of an eye, at least fifty Tuna Birds had been killed!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe had already seen the power of Luo Zheng's black fire. Even the tongue of the Giant Python Toad could not withstand the burning of Luo Zheng's black fire, let alone these Tuna Birds.
On the contrary, the other peak war reverends and Ling Yan of the Demon Night Clan revealed a horrified expression. What was Luo Zheng's black fire? Wasn't it a little too sharp?
Although the Tuna Birds were afraid of fire, if it was an ordinary flame, it might not be able to burn these strange birds for an hour. However, Luo Zheng's black fire seemed to be unhindered. As long as the Tuna Birds touched the black fire, they would be instantly burned to ashes!
It was because of Luo Zheng's action that he had successfully created a space for everyone.
However, this space was not big, and the intelligence of these monsters was not too high. Even if their companions were killed like this, they still rushed forward and filled up the space in an instant.
However, at this time, everyone had already rushed into the clear line!
"Ga ga ga ga …"
The Tuna Birds were like a tide as they surged over. However, when they approached the clear line, it was as if they had hit a dam and were pushed back. These Tuna Birds did not dare to enter the inner area!
Just like the Tuna Birds, the Azure Wolves rushed to the side of the line and stopped. The eyes of the wolves flashed with a dangerous light as they stared at the crowd. Some of the Azure Wolves were still whimpering. It was a pity that Luo Zheng and the others had escaped!
Luo Zheng stood in the grey area and looked back at the monsters as he panted. Not only Luo Zheng, even Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin and the other peak war reverends' chests were also heaving up and down.
Everyone rested for a while, but the Azure Wolves and Tuna Birds were still blocking the way, showing no signs of leaving.
"Let's wait here. I don't believe that these monsters will stay here forever!" Zhou Zhuohe sat down.
However, he had a good plan. These monsters would eventually lose their patience. After these monsters left, they would leave the inner area.
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan also agreed with this method. Staying here was safer than entering the inner area!
However, just as Luo Zheng stepped into the inner area, he suddenly felt the Sumeru Ring on his chest start to heat up!
Luo Zheng sent a strand of consciousness into the Sumeru Ring. Just as he poured his consciousness into it, he was shocked. In the Sumeru Space of the ring, a small butterfly was constantly circling, and that butterfly seemed to be on fire, constantly emitting intense flames!
"What's going on?"
Of course, Luo Zheng recognized it. This was the jade butterfly that Immortal Tian Miao had passed down to Luo Zheng. According to Immortal Tian Miao, with this token, he could obtain the incomparably important inheritance in the Profound Nether Cave.
He had been in the Profound Nether Cave for so long and this token had been peacefully lying there without the slightest reaction.
But now, as soon as he entered the inner area, this jade butterfly's entire body began to emit flames. It seemed that … Immortal Tian Miao's token should be in the inner area!
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan planned to stay here and wait for the monsters to leave. Then, they would return. It seemed that they didn't plan on exploring the inner area.
In truth, Luo Zheng agreed with their judgment. After all, the most important thing for a martial artist was their life. If they lost their life, they would lose everything.
But now, the token in Luo Zheng's ring had reacted. He had no choice but to reconsider. It seemed that this time he would have to enter the inner area to explore!
In truth, Luo Zheng could have waited until next year to enter the Tower of Sin. A year was enough time for Luo Zheng to become a peak war saint. At that time, the 'Stellar Battle Body' would be able to reach large success. By relying on the might of his transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng could even contend with a battle saint powerhouse.
If he entered the Profound Nether Cave again, his chances would be much higher …
However, Luo Zheng understood that he didn't have that much time left.
He looked at Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin and shook his head. "You two stay here. I will continue to explore the inner area."
Xun raised his spear and followed behind Luo Zheng. Yun Luo also silently followed.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan's complexions immediately became ugly. The two of them almost simultaneously blocked Luo Zheng's path. Zhao Fenqin resolutely said, "Luo Zheng, no matter what, I will not allow you to continue in!"

Chapter 629
Even if the Chaotic Tide did not erupt, Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan would do their best to stop him.
What's more, under the Chaotic Tide's eruption, everything in the inner layer had changed. Rashly entering was definitely a dead end.
Seeing Zhao Fenqin blocking in front of him, Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. Zhao Fenqin was not him, he did not understand what he was thinking. Moreover, Luo Zheng did not intend to tell his secret to others.
"Get out of the way, I have something very important to do," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Zhou Zhuohe also blocked Luo Zheng's path. "Luo Zheng, you are too important to our Purple Heart Holy Land. We cannot let you continue forward and throw away your life!"
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. "But I have something more important to do. Could it be that just because I am important to your Purple Heart Holy Land, I have to give up on myself? "
"This … How can this be called giving up?" Zhou Zhuohe asked, puzzled.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't need you to follow me, I can go by myself!"
Xun also looked indifferently at Ling Yan who was kneeling on the ground, lowered his head and asked, "What do you want to do?"
"My king, the inner layer is not something you can enter now. It's better to stay here and wait for the demons to retreat before leaving," Ling Yan said with her head lowered.
In Ling Yan's heart, the king was a supreme existence. It was reasonable to say that Ling Yan did not have the right to worry about Xun's safety. However, Ling Yan also understood that the Demon Night Clan had changed in the upper realm. Xun's statue was already dim. In other words, the Sword Spirit in front of them was Xun's last Divine Clone!
Once Luo Zheng died, this Divine Clone would also disappear, and the final result would be the fall of the king!
This was something that Ling Yan did not want to see.
"It's not up to you to decide my matters." Xun once again regained her aloof expression and coldly said to Ling Yan.
Ling Yan clenched her teeth. She was very clear that she did not have the qualifications to persuade or preach to Xun. Not to mention Ling Yan, even Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land did not have the qualifications!
"Since that's the case, I'd better follow by my king's side!" Ling Yan resolutely said.
At the same time, the few peak war reverends beside Ling Yan also knelt down. Their faces were filled with determination.
They knew very well that entering the inner layer at this time would not bode well for them, but they still chose to follow.
When Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe saw the Night Demon Clan's actions, their expressions became even more gloomy. If these Night Demon Clan members followed Luo Zheng, then they would be the only ones left. In the end, Zhao Fenqin held his head and said, "Alright, I think we still need to go to the inner layer!"
Sometimes, he was indeed forced by circumstances!
Moreover, the demonic creatures in the outer layer had no intention of leaving at all. If these demonic creatures refused to leave, then it wouldn't be a good idea for them to continue wasting their time here. In the end, they still headed towards the inner layer!
Not long after Luo Zheng and the others left,
Near the Xuekoukou Pass, three streaks of light shot in the opposite direction!
The three members of the Night Demon Clan were indeed quite unique. The three of them turned into smoke and slowly moved towards the outside of the Xuekoukou Pass.
Maintaining this kind of concealment technique consumed a lot of true essence. However, when they only had 30% of their true essence left, the three of them would suddenly appear under the beaks of the Tuna Birds and the sharp claws of the Azure Wolves. Then, they would quickly dash for a distance and take out true essence stones to replenish their true essence!
After replenishing their true essence, they would turn into smoke again and do the same thing over and over again!
Regrettably, although they managed to keep their lives for the time being, those demonic creatures were still following them like ghosts. Their crisis was still not over yet.
Moving like this was extremely inefficient. They couldn't maintain this state and repeatedly move back to the Sin Tower. Even if they wanted to, there wasn't enough time, and they didn't have enough true essence stones!
They had a lot of top grade true essence stones in their hands, but they weren't infinite. Every time they used one, there would be one less. In such a short period of time, each of them had consumed half of their true essence stones. If this continued, it wouldn't be long before they were swallowed up by these demonic creatures.
"What should we do, big brother?"
"You're asking me, but how would I know?"
"Who's going to lead these damned demonic creatures away?"
In the smoke, the three of them were constantly communicating with each other using true essence sound transmissions.
Just as the three of them were in a state of panic, two rays of light, one black and one red, suddenly appeared on their path. It was two figures that were like small mountains rapidly approaching.
The three of them were stunned. Then, a peak war elder of the Night Clan said, "I, I think we're saved!"
"It's Meng Chong! They're here! "Another person shouted.
"Haven't the Demon Race been expelled from the Sin Tower? They can really enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave! "
The Demon Race didn't share the secret of the Sin Tower with the Night Clan. They couldn't share such an important secret with other races, even if the Night Clan was their vassal.
However, in order to achieve their goal, the Demon Race only left an order for Xue Luo Tian. Once he discovered Luo Zheng's secret in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, he was to immediately report it to Meng Chong!
For this reason, Xue Luo Tian was puzzled for a long time. He originally thought that the Demon Race would give him an order to assassinate Luo Zheng. He didn't expect to receive such an order. Report to Meng Chong? What's the use of reporting to Meng Chong? Could it be that Meng Chong could enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave?
Or was Meng Chong originally in the Mysterious Underworld Cave?
Xue Luo Tian couldn't figure it out. However, he had no choice but to follow the Demon Race's order. Although the Demon Race couldn't enter the Sin Tower, his Night Clan's Eternal Night Holy Land was still a vassal of the Twin Demon Holy Land!
He didn't expect that not long after he quietly used the sound transmission talisman, Meng Chong and Tian Hu really rushed over!
"Meng Chong, Meng Chong's cultivation seems to be … a war saint!"
"Heavens, the Demon Race must have other secrets of the Sin Tower. Originally, there was Tian Qiong and Tian Hui, two war saints. Now, Meng Chong has also advanced to war saint!"
At this moment, the three peak war elders of the Night Clan seemed to see hope. Obviously, the higher Meng Chong's cultivation, the more advantageous it would be for them.
However …
Although the Azure Wolves and Tuna Birds had retreated, there were still quite a number of demons surrounding the three of them. Meng Chong had broken through to become a Battle-Saint, but even a Battle-Saint would not be able to handle so many demons, right?
Although they were worried, they wouldn't let go of their hope now.
"Meng Chong! Lord Meng Chong! "
Meng Chong was originally a seat controller like these peak war elders of the Night Clan, but now that Meng Chong was a war saint, the three of them naturally had to be respectful!
The true essence sound transmission of the peak war elder of the Night Clan rang in Meng Chong's ears. Meng Chong looked forward and saw a dense crowd of demons surrounding the three clouds of smoke. The three clouds of smoke slowly moved and the demons followed closely behind …
"It's Xue Luo Tian," Tian Hu said indifferently, "Should we go save them?"
Meng Chong looked at the dense crowd of demons and frowned.
Meng Chong, who had broken through to the Battle-Saint Realm, had a huge advantage here. Even so, he was still very cautious. In the Dark Nether Cave, even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty would have to be careful. One wrong step and they would die! Moreover, Meng Chong was only a first level war saint!
So many demons were quite troublesome for Meng Chong.
"Where is Luo Zheng?" Meng Chong stopped and asked with true essence sound transmission.
Xue Luo Tian was looking at Meng Chong. When he saw Meng Chong suddenly stop, he naturally understood that Meng Chong didn't intend to save the three of them. Xue Luo Tian immediately said with true essence sound transmission, "They rushed over! But I left a mark on them, we can track them! "
Xue Luo Tian certainly wouldn't tell Meng Chong where Luo Zheng was. If so, how could he count on Meng Chong to save him?
"This old fox, he doesn't want to say!" Tian Hu sneered.
Meng Chong shook his head, "It's human nature. Xue Luo Tian treats us as lifesavers, how could he let us go? These three must be saved. Take out the Imperial Fire Scale that the Flame Demon Holy Land gave us. "
Tian Hu nodded and then took out a small golden scale. The Demon Clan had controlled the Tower of Sin for the longest time, so they knew more about the Mysterious Underworld Cave than the other clans.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 630
Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves were the most common demonic beasts in the Xuanming Cave. Other than these two, there were also demonic beasts like the Blackthorn Rats, which were considered the lowest level of demonic beasts in the Xuanming Cave.
In the beginning, the Demon Clan dominated the entire Tower of Sin. Although other clans could reach the top of the tower, they were not allowed to enter the Xuanming Cave!
At that time, the Demon Clan obtained all kinds of opportunities in the Xuanming Cave and was able to stand out among the other clans in the Sea God Continent!
If not for Liu Yu's amazing talent, no one in the Sea God Continent would be able to fight against the Demon Clan.
However, the Demon Clan had paid a heavy price to develop the Xuanming Cave. At the same time, they had researched many methods, such as the Imperial Flame Balance, which was specially used to deal with Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves.
This Fire Controlling Scale was only a mid-grade holy artifact, so it wasn't particularly powerful when used to defend against enemies. However, the devilish race had discovered that the tuna birds and azure wolves were extremely fearful of fire, so they had asked a tool refinement master to forge this treasure for them.
Tianhu held the Flaming Balance in his hand, and then he poured a wisp of Stellar Energy into it from one end of the balance. As soon as the Stellar Energy was poured in, a ball of light blue flames sprayed out from the other end of the balance, and it instantly enveloped half the sky!
"Ga ga ga …"
"Awoo …"
When the Azure Wolves and Tuna Birds on the ground saw the light blue flame, they still let out uneasy cries!
"Charge!"
Under Meng Chong's order, Tianhu turned into a stream of light and rushed toward the large group of demonic beasts.
The light blue flame followed Tianhu and spread forward rapidly.
"Ga ga ga!"
Under the threat of these flames, the Tuna Birds seemed to have seen their nemesis. In a state of chaos, they began to scatter in all directions. At the same time, the Azure Wolves that had surrounded the three members of the Night Clan quickly retreated with low whimpers!
Using the Imperial Fire Balance, he was able to easily disperse these demonic creatures!
Looking at the three balls of smoke, Tianhu grinned and said, "Come out, Xue Luotian!"
As the smoke gradually dissipated, the figures of Xue Luotian and the other two peak War Reverends slowly appeared …
"Tianhu, thank you …"
As soon as Xue Luotian finished speaking, Tianhu's huge fist smashed into his face.
The Night Clan wasn't good at fighting head-on. Even though Xue Luotian's ranking was slightly higher than Sky Tiger's, he still couldn't dodge Sky Tiger's punch. Xue Luotian was sent flying backwards like a kite with a broken string.
By the time Xue Luotian got up, his face was already covered in blood.
"You are very smart." Tianhu sneered.
Xue Luotian got up from the ground, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and said, "There's no other way. Sometimes, this is the only way to survive."
Tianhu and Meng Chong didn't like being used by others, but they had to save Xue Luotian because only Xue Luotian knew where Luo Zheng was.
Meng Chong slowly flew over and coldly glanced at Xue Luotian. "Luo Zheng, where are you now?"
If Xue Luotian could not answer, Meng Chong would probably kill the three War Reverends on the spot.
However, Xue Luotian had indeed planted a secret tracking technique unique to the Night Clan on Luo Zheng's body. This tracking technique could avoid sharp senses and did not cause any fluctuations when planted.
Xue Luotian nodded. "Luo Zheng, they have entered the inner area."
"Inner area?" Meng Chong frowned.
After the arrival of the Chaotic Tide, even as a War Sage, Meng Chong was unwilling to enter the inner area.
However, Meng Chong was clear about his mission!
The Demon Clan in the Sin Tower had suffered a crushing defeat. He was the only hope for the Demon Clan to turn the tables!
Even if Luo Zheng really entered the core area, as long as Luo Zheng didn't die, he would follow him in without hesitation.
"In that case, take me there," Meng Chong said indifferently.
"But, but …" Xue Luotian wanted to refuse. They were indeed scared out of their wits after being surrounded by so many Demons. They wished they could grow a pair of wings and leave the Xuanming Cave as soon as possible. How could they be willing to enter the inner area?
However, Meng Chong's fist-sized eyes glared fiercely at Xue Luotian. Meng Chong's aura was frightening. Xue Luotian had no doubt that if he dared to refuse, Meng Chong would kill him without hesitation!
He would die either way. It was better than dying here.
Xue Luotian nodded "obediently" and said, "Then, then I'll lead the way!"
"Okay." Meng Chong retracted his aura.
Tianhu held the Imperial Fire Balance in one hand and led the three Night Clan members and Meng Chong towards the Bloody Mouth Pass!
The way Meng Chong and the others passed through was more barbaric. They braved the raging flames and charged straight through. The Tuna Bird and the Azure Wolf were hidden on both sides of the Bloody Mouth Pass. Not a single demon dared to charge at them …
Luo Zheng did not know that he had become the prey.
Now, he was leading the group to explore the inner layer.
Luo Zheng's exploration did not require a map. Moreover, the maps in Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan's hands had lost their usefulness.
Originally, the map of the inner area was rather rough, and many races knew too little about the inner area. Although there had been many Peak war elder s who had entered the inner area of the Profound Nether Cave since ancient times, most of them had died miserably inside. Perhaps they had discovered some extremely dangerous places in the inner area, or even some opportunities, but they did not have the life to return alive, nor did they have the chance to mark out these places.
At this time, the only thing Luo Zheng used to determine the direction was the jade butterfly in his ring.
After exploring for a while, Luo Zheng understood. When he went in the right direction, the jade butterfly burned fiercely in the Sumeru Space. If he went in the opposite direction, the burning would calm down.
Luo Zheng used this to determine whether his path was correct or not!
It was strange. After exploring the inner layer for so long, they did not encounter any danger.
However, this still could not dispel everyone's nervousness. Instead, it made them even more vigilant because danger was often hidden in this calm.
"This silence is too strange!" Zhou Zhuohe said with a face full of vigilance.
Ling Yan also nodded. She also saw that something was wrong.
It was not that Ling Yan had not entered the inner layer before. Three years ago, she had entered once. Although there were not many low level demons in the inner layer, there were many extremely powerful demons hidden everywhere. Three years ago, Ling Yan had almost died inside. She had a very deep impression of the inner layer.
And now, with the eruption of the chaotic tide, the demon activity in the inner layer should be even more frequent!
But today, the surroundings were quiet. It was so quiet that it was frightening.
"This gloomy feeling is really unpleasant." Zhao Fenqin clenched his teeth and resisted the urge to roar. Although he knew that making too much noise in the inner layer was seeking death, this kind of silence was very stifling!
Just as everyone followed Luo Zheng forward, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. His ears slightly tilted, and he asked, "Does anyone hear something?"
"What sound?" A peak war reverend from the Yao Ye Clan asked.
"Crying, a woman's crying," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"No!" Zhao Fenqin felt his hair stand on end. "Luo Zheng, don't be so suspicious!"
Zhou Zhuohe also shook his head, "Luo Zheng, don't scare people. Damn it, I'd rather meet those demons and fight with them. It's better than wandering back and forth in this gloomy place!"
However, Yun Luo nodded and blinked her white eyes, saying, "I heard it."
"Re-really?" Zhao Fenqin was tongue-tied.
Ling Yan's expression became more and more serious. True energy bloomed from her slender fingers and poured into her ears. Then, Ling Yan's expression suddenly changed, "I heard it too!"
"What is it …" Zhao Fenqin asked.
"I'm not sure." Although Ling Yan had entered the inner layer, she had never heard of this kind of thing.
"No matter what it is, we shouldn't stay here for long. Let's go!" Zhou Zhuohe said with a trembling voice.

Chapter 631
Hearing that voice, a chill ran down everyone's spine.
All the warriors couldn't help but want to turn around. They didn't want to leave their backs to the enemy. This was the first reaction of almost all the warriors!
But just as everyone was about to turn around, Yun Luo looked straight ahead and said coldly, "Don't turn around! Those who turn around will die! "
Hearing Yun Luo's reminder, Luo Zheng abruptly turned his face back to her.
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe and the others didn't turn around, but a peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan turned his head too quickly and saw something behind everyone!
Although no one could turn around, they could see the expression of the peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan!
The peak war reverend's eyes were wide open, as if he had seen something unbelievable. The expression on his face was extremely shocked. The peak war reverend seemed to want to scream, but when he opened his mouth, he couldn't. He could only make a futile gurgling sound in his throat …
Those who could become peak war reverends were all creatures who had experienced life and death calamities and grew up step by step. What kind of things had these creatures not seen before? They had seen piles of corpses and countless creatures had died at their hands. It could be said that they had walked step by step through mountains of corpses and seas of blood!
But this peak war reverend seemed to have gone crazy in an instant!
His mouth made that terrifying gurgling sound, and soon, a strange smile appeared on his face. The gaze in his eyes had already begun to slacken, and he had lost the spirituality he should have had.
"Crack …"
A crack strangely appeared on the peak war reverend's forehead. The crack continued to extend downwards. Soon, his entire face and body were covered in cracks, as if he was a glass tile that had been shattered.
Following which, his entire body collapsed with a loud bang. However, his clothes were still neat and tidy, and were not damaged at all.
Seeing this scene, Zhao Fenqin was about to collapse. "What the hell is behind us!"
Luo Zheng frowned deeply, and his eyes were filled with caution. Even though Luo Zheng's mind was stable, he was still facing a strong pressure!
"I'm not sure. Yun Luo, what should we do now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Don't turn around. No matter what happens, don't turn around!" Yun Luo seemed to be immersed in a strange state as she muttered to Luo Zheng.
Now, even without Yun Luo's reminder, no one dared to turn around. The peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan was not weak, and he was even stronger than Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe. After turning around, he had died so miserably..
. Xun, she looked forward and frowned, as if she was thinking about something.
She was not afraid of any malicious ghosts. With the level that Xun had reached, she was even qualified to go to the Underworld's Yellow Springs River. Evil beings were not invincible in her eyes. She was only thinking about what was behind them and how to deal with them.
.......
At first, the cries seemed to come from far away, but as time passed, the cries grew closer and closer.
. At the same time, Luo Zheng saw a faint light shining from the corner of his eye.
"That, that thing is getting closer and closer," Zhao Fenqin said with a trembling voice. He was a seven foot tall man and a peak war reverend. Even if his stomach was cut open, Zhao Fenqin wouldn't be so afraid. But now, his entire body was trembling.
"What the hell is that thing? Yun Luo, since you know, tell me …" Zhou Zhuohe begged.
Yun Luo was still immersed in a special state. She kept repeating, "Don't turn around, don't turn around!"
Everyone saw that the light was getting closer and closer, and the sorrowful crying was getting louder and louder. It seemed to be about ten feet behind them.
"That's because that thing is already here." Zhao Fenqin gasped for breath. His trembling had already stopped, but the muscles all over his body had stiffened.
Ling Yan's expression was also getting more and more nervous. Her fingertips had already compressed a ball of true essence to the extreme. Although she knew that she couldn't turn around, Ling Yan wouldn't give up so easily. Her martial arts heart was also very stable. Even if she couldn't resist the desperate situation, she would fight to the death!
The light was getting brighter and brighter, and the sound was getting louder and louder.
At this moment, long and slender tentacles slowly extended from behind the crowd and pulled them in.
Those tentacles didn't seem to be real. They were condensed from a kind of pale yellow light. The tentacles were almost weightless. When they touched everyone's faces, necks, and arms, it was like a thin layer of gauze brushing past!
"Ah! I can't take it anymore! I'm going to kill this thing! " Zhao Fenqin roared. His eyes were bloodshot. Under this kind of terrifying suppression, Zhao Fenqin was almost on the verge of collapse. His behavior was already somewhat out of control.
Oh no! If this continued, Zhao Fenqin would die without a doubt! Luo Zheng saw that Zhao Fenqin was about to turn around and fight to the death with the unknown existence behind him!
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly extended a sharp thorn and fiercely stabbed towards Zhao Fenqin on the left!
"Frightening Spirit Thorn!"
How strong was Luo Zheng's soul? Moreover, Zhao Fenqin's mental state was extremely poor. He didn't have any defensive measures. Luo Zheng's Frightening Spirit Thorn hit!
"Ah!"
Zhao Fenqin, who was about to turn around and fight to the death, let out a scream. He held his head and knelt down.
Seeing this scene, Ling Yan's face was full of astonishment. Ling Yan didn't think much of Luo Zheng's soul attack. It was just a very simple soul attack!
However, although it was simple, Ling Yan didn't dare to underestimate it!
Because the soul that used the Frightening Spirit Thorn wasn't simple. Luo Zheng's soul had a faint jade color. That meant that the soul was about to enter the Blue Soul Realm. In other words … Luo Zheng already had the soul of a War Soul Realm!
It was no wonder that Ling Yan was surprised. Among the Peak War Elder, there were still no Martial Warriors whose soul had stepped into the War Soul Realm. Not to mention the Peak War Elder, even the War Saint Stage Rankers only had a small number of souls that had stepped into the War Soul Realm.
However, Luo Zheng was only a ninth rank War General. His soul had already entered the War Soul Realm. Moreover, it was faintly emitting a faint green light. Obviously, it wouldn't take long for him to enter the Blue Soul Realm.
This was really inconceivable …
However, being surprised was one thing. Luo Zheng had already given her too many surprises. Obviously, now wasn't the time to be surprised.
Luo Zheng's "Frightening Spirit Thorn" saved Zhao Fenqin's life. Zhao Fenqin hugged his head and knelt on the ground as he wailed. However, he didn't have the chance to turn his head and look behind him.
At this time, Yun Luo slowly regained her clarity. She bit her lips and said, "That thing is coming. It's going to circle around in front of us."
"What should we do?" Zhou Zhuohe hurriedly said.
"Run," Yun Luo spat out a very simple word.
"Where to?" Ling Yan asked again.
"In front. As long as you don't look back," Yun Luo pursed her lips and said.
"When do we run?" Looking at the tentacles that were constantly surrounding him, Luo Zheng also asked.
"Now, let's go!"
As soon as Yun Luo's voice fell, he suddenly rushed forward.
At the same time, Zhou Zhuohe, Ling Yan, and the other peak war reverends also rushed out. The moment Luo Zheng rushed out, he went straight for Zhao Fenqin. He reached out his hand and grabbed Zhao Fenqin's collar, dragging Zhao Fenqin forward!
The pain of his soul being pierced made Zhao Fenqin unable to think about the current situation. Luo Zheng couldn't just leave him here like this. Fortunately, Luo Zheng was strong. Simply carrying Zhao Fenqin while running wasn't a big burden.
As everyone was running, the sound behind them suddenly became shrill!
"Wu wu wu wu!"
At the same time, everyone could hear that that thing was also following behind them, moving quickly.
At this time, everyone had calmed down a little. It seemed that as long as they didn't look back, they wouldn't die very miserably. However, if they continued like this, it wouldn't be a problem if they couldn't get rid of that "thing". What should they do?
"What do we do now, Yun Luo!" Luo Zheng shouted at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo was ten feet above the ground. She focused on speeding forward. She only spat out one word, "Wait for me to take care of it!"
"How long do we have to wait?" Ling Yan asked.

Chapter 632
Following which, Yun Luo stretched out her slender and white fingers. Her ten fingers danced in the air, and little bits of true essence were pulled out by her, forming runes one after another!
"Those are Divine Runes!" Looking at the seals in Yun Luo's hand, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He recognized them. They were very similar to the Divine Runes that Qinglong had taught him.
"Divine Runes are not unique to the Zhenlong Realm. You humans are also very skilled in Divine Runes …" Qinglong replied calmly.
"Then what does she want to do?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong.
Qinglong also noticed the seals in Yun Luo's hand. He said, "If I'm not wrong, she wants to seal the Divine Runes!"
"Seal the Divine Runes?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Although Yun Luo was drawing Divine Runes, she was only using True Yuan to draw them out of thin air. She didn't need any materials. Was this useful?
"Haha, the origin of Divine Runes is more complicated than you think. If you ascend to the Upper Realm in the future, you will naturally come into contact with these things," Qinglong replied.
As more and more seals appeared in Yun Luo's hand, the structure of the seals became more and more complicated.
10, 20, 30, 50 …
When the number of seals in Yun Luo's hand reached 100, she waved her hand and the seals fell down like raindrops and sped behind her!
"Freeze!"
Yun Luo shouted.
Just as Yun Luo shouted the word "freeze", the mournful wailing behind them suddenly stopped …
"Did it work?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
After the sound disappeared, Ling Yan also let out a deep breath. It seemed that she had succeeded.
"I only sealed it temporarily. It won't last long. Let's go," Yun Luo said.
Yun Luo's words made everyone nervous again. They continued to run forward. After running for dozens of miles, they stopped. They still didn't look back.
"Ouch …"
At this time, Zhao Fenqin let out a long groan and a sigh. He was finally freed from the pain caused by the Soul-frightening Spike. Although he was in so much pain that he couldn't think, he knew what had just happened. He said miserably, "Fortunately, Luo Zheng, you saved my life!"
"Can we turn back now?" Ling Yan asked. Not only Ling Yan, at this time, everyone was still immersed in fear.
Yun Luo nodded. "I think we've gotten rid of that thing."
Only then did everyone turn their heads …
As warriors, they were not afraid of those powerful monsters. What they were really afraid of were those unknown things, just like the thing floating behind them. Until now, no one knew what it was!
He turned around, but there was nothing behind him.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked into the distance. A green light appeared above his pupils. His Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes allowed him to see things very far away.
However, due to the distance, Luo Zheng's vision was still very blurry. He could see a pale white dot of light pulsating in the distance. Around that dot of light, there were many runes floating. Those runes were the runes that Yun Luo had just sent out. The dot of light seemed to be constantly struggling, trying to break free from the runes.
"Don't look, it … can feel your gaze." Yun Luo quickly stopped Luo Zheng's dangerous action.
"It can feel that?" Luo Zheng was shocked. He immediately withdrew his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes and quickly retracted his gaze. The dot of light quickly dissipated into the darkness.
"Yes, it was very dangerous just now. Fortunately, that thing is not an adult yet!" Yun Luo pursed her lips and revealed a rare smile.
"Underage?" Luo Zheng said in surprise. "What is it?"
"I can't say it, and I can't think about it. If I say it, it will know and it will probably chase after us." Yun Luo shook her head and said.
Everyone was completely speechless. What was that thing? So evil? They couldn't even think about it?
At this time, Xun also said faintly, "I know what it is!"
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I already told you, you really can't talk about it!" Xun also shook her head.
Everyone was already driven crazy. It could only be said that there were too many strange things in this world. However, no matter what that thing was, everyone already didn't want to talk about it. After experiencing that kind of extreme fear, no one wanted to experience it a second time.
At this time, Ling Yan just barely looked at the surrounding environment. Suddenly, she exclaimed, and a ray of light appeared in her eyes!
"We actually came here!" Ling Yan said in surprise.
Zhao Fenqin took out a soul healing pill and popped it into his mouth. Although Luo Zheng's Frightening Spirit Spike didn't cause too much damage to him, his soul wasn't as strong as Luo Zheng's. He couldn't be careless with his fragile soul. After swallowing the pill, Zhao Fenqin asked, "Where?"
Ling Yan waved her hand and a map appeared in her hand. It was the map of the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Then, Ling Yan pointed at a mark on the map and said, "Three years ago, I marked this place. There should be the remains of a super strong expert here! However, at that time, this area was guarded by more than ten Poisonous Ghost Martens. We couldn't enter. "
The strength of the experts in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was hard to estimate. The place where any expert died contained unimaginable benefits!
At that time, the Demon Night clan had paid a considerable price to come here. How could they give up?
However, these Poisonous Ghost Martens were too strong. They weren't existences that peak war saints could contend against. The Demon Night clan had spent more than ten lives trying to lure the Poisonous Ghost Martens away, but they had never succeeded. In the end, they had no choice but to give up.
What Ling Yan didn't expect was that the eruption of this chaotic tide had actually left the inner area empty. Then, this expert's remains were naturally wide open. How could Ling Yan not be pleasantly surprised?!
When Ling Yan said this, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's eyes also revealed pleasantly surprised expressions. They had risked their lives to walk around the inner area. They couldn't possibly leave without any benefits!
What did the experts of the Mysterious Underworld Cave mean? They were very clear that within the remains of an expert, there were countless unimaginable treasures!
"Since it's like this, let's go in and take a look." Luo Zheng said.
After running all the way, the flames emitted by the Jade Butterfly in the spatial ring had clearly become smaller. It was clear that the direction was wrong.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry now. Since Ling Yan was sure that there was a great opportunity here, he didn't care if he didn't go in and explore.
Thus, under Ling Yan's lead, everyone continued to move forward. After walking through a forest, Ling Yan pointed ahead and said, "It's here!"
Just as everyone walked out of the forest, they saw a door appear in front of them. It was a lonely door!
This scene looked very strange. There was no house, no roof, no walls. Other than a door standing here, there was nothing else.
Moreover, this door looked quite ordinary. It was just a small door that opened on one side in an ordinary house.
"This is the relic?" Zhao Fenqin asked.
"Yes, there should be words on that door." Even at this time, Ling Yan still maintained a high level of vigilance. From afar, she struck a stream of True Essence towards the door.
When Ling Yan brought the people of the Demon Night clan here, she had just figured out a little when she was besieged by a group of Poisonous Ghost Martens. In the end, she had no choice but to give up and choose to leave!
After Ling Yan's True Essence poured into the door, a row of large words appeared on the door!
"I am Qing Yuanzi. I wasted my life and had my dream destroyed here. In fact …"
Obviously, the words on the door were the epitaph that Qing Yuanzi had written for himself.
Yun Luo looked at the door indifferently. Her eyes flickered slightly, and there was a faint sadness on her face.
Xun's eyebrows furrowed. "Qing Yuanzi is dead? He also died here! "As she spoke, Xun looked at Yun Luo with a very strange expression on her face.
"My king, this Qing Yuanzi is?" Ling Yan asked.
Xun smiled faintly. "A powerful person, a person who shook the world in the past. I didn't expect him to die here. How ironic!"
Hearing Xun's words, Yun Luo gently bit her lips and did not speak.
"Then this door should be the treasure left behind by Qing Yuanzi, right?" Ling Yan asked again.
"Yes, you can say that! This is Qing Yuanzi's natal magic treasure, the Door of Reincarnation! " Xun said faintly. In fact, Xun's knowledge was not less than Yun Luo's. However, the secret of the Xuanming Cave came from the Human Race, so she naturally did not know as well as Yun Luo.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 633
The Heart of Martial Arts could only be honed through various experiences. It was related to a person's environment and experience.
For example, if a genius' life was smooth sailing and he was surrounded by various halos and rarely encountered bottlenecks in his cultivation, the Heart of Martial Arts of such a genius was actually very fragile. It was very easy for him to suffer a heavy blow! Once the Heart of Martial Arts suffered a setback, it was very likely that he would not be able to recover from the setback and would never be able to continue on this path.
However, if this genius could withstand this setback, then his Heart of Martial Arts would grow and become more tenacious and confident!
The honing of the Heart of Martial Arts came from repeated setbacks. It was an unavoidable process for a cultivator to grow.
The opportunity to hone the Heart of Martial Arts was hard to come by. If it was not handled properly, it would bring about great negative effects. Therefore, when they heard that it was possible to cultivate the Heart of Martial Arts, everyone was naturally surprised!
"I'll go first." Zhao Fenqin took the lead and walked towards the door.
Although this door was difficult to open, there were no restrictions on it. Zhao Fenqin gently pushed and the door opened.
A small vortex appeared in the center of the door and slowly rotated in a reverse direction.
"This door … won't be dangerous, right?" Zhao Fenqin was still a little worried. It was better to be safe than sorry. Although Yun Luo and Xun seemed to know the origin of this door, they did not know what dangers were lurking inside.
Xun shook her head. "There won't be any danger. You can go in."
Zhao Fenqin nodded and stepped into the vortex. As soon as he stepped into the vortex, a faint golden light flickered. Everyone could feel the passage of time in this light.
"It's the law of time," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the light.
Moreover, this was not a low-level law of time with one or two levels. It was a high-level law of time. No one present could see the mystery behind it.
After all, on the Sea God Continent, one could only comprehend the first or second level of the law of time. In the Central Domain, no one had comprehended the law of time. Compared to the law of space, the law of time was more mysterious and rare.
The light on the Gate of Reincarnation flickered slowly. Everyone thought that they would have to wait for a long time, maybe even a day or a few days. After all, when it came to cultivation, the speed would not be fast. Some cultivation techniques required years to be cultivated. It would take decades or even centuries before one could fully master them.
Fortunately, there wasn't much time left in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. The weakening of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray would last for about a month.
However, to everyone's surprise, after a few breaths, Zhao Fenqin walked out of the door.
"So fast?"
"What can he cultivate in such a short time?"
"It might be related to the Law of Time. Such a profound Law of Time should be able to compress time to the limit. Perhaps a lot of time has already passed …"
"Zhao Fenqin, say something!"
Only then did everyone realize that Zhao Fenqin was actually standing in front of the Gate of Reincarnation, staring straight ahead in a daze.
"Have you lost your mind?" Zhou Zhuohe appeared in front of Zhao Fenqin in a flash and waved his hand in front of his face. Unexpectedly, Zhao Fenqin waved his hand and slapped Zhou Zhuohe's hand away. He said indifferently, "Don't touch me. I'm thinking about something …"
"Thinking about something here?" Zhou Zhuohe was speechless. "What the hell is inside the Gate of Reincarnation? It can't turn people into idiots, right?"
"You're the idiot!" Zhao Fenqin rolled his eyes, then stepped aside and pulled Zhou Zhuohe aside. "You should go in too. The Gate of Reincarnation is indeed very beneficial!"
"What the hell is that …" Zhou Zhuohe mumbled. Zhao Fenqin, who had come out of the Gate of Reincarnation, was indeed fine. However, Zhou Zhuohe felt that Zhao Fenqin seemed to have undergone some subtle changes. At the very least, his gaze had become more profound!
However, the two of them were like brothers. Zhou Zhuohe also knew that Zhao Fenqin wouldn't harm him, so he didn't think too much about it and also stepped into the Gate of Reincarnation.
After a few breaths of time, Zhou Zhuohe also walked out of the Gate of Reincarnation. Like Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe was also a bit dumbfounded. His face was even a bit sluggish. He curled the corner of his mouth and muttered, "So it's like this, so it's like this …"
Yun Luo and Xun didn't say anything. The two of them seemed to understand what had happened.
On the other hand, Ling Yan and the other two peak war reverends from the Yao Ye clan were puzzled. They were also extremely curious about the Gate of Reincarnation!
Thus, Ling Yan also took a step forward and entered the Gate of Reincarnation.
When Ling Yan walked out, her gaze was as calm as water. Her pitch-black eyes were like black pearls, blooming with a faint light. Then, she silently walked beside Xun.
Next, the remaining two peak war reverends from the Yao Ye clan also entered the Gate of Reincarnation.
The last to enter was Luo Zheng.
Just now, Luo Zheng also asked Xun what this thing was. However, Xun only smiled faintly and didn't answer his question. She only told Luo Zheng that he would understand once he entered the Gate of Reincarnation.
Fortunately, they didn't have to wait for long. Soon, it was Luo Zheng's turn.
He walked in front of the Gate of Reincarnation and looked at it. Then, he stepped inside.
The surging power of the law of time wrapped around Luo Zheng. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt as if time had stopped flowing. All sound disappeared, and he was the only one left in the lonely darkness.
Luo Zheng was very interested in how to cultivate the heart of martial arts. Since the Gate of Reincarnation had the word "reincarnation", then it must have something to do with the reincarnation of life.
As for the reincarnation of life and death, it was even more difficult to guess than fate. Whether or not people reincarnated, whether or not there was an afterlife, it was impossible to determine.
Legend had it that after a person died, they would enter the six paths of reincarnation and fall into the Avici Hell. However, where was the hell and where were the six paths?
Last time, when Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he used his consciousness to roam the universe and saw the true face of the great world. It greatly broadened his horizons. However, Luo Zheng also understood that what he saw was only the tip of the iceberg. The mysteries of the universe were endless, and who knew how long it would take to explore them one by one?
Perhaps the process of exploration was the meaning of life!
While thinking, Luo Zheng saw a huge golden spiral appear in front of him. Then, Luo Zheng was sucked into the golden spiral, and the surrounding scenery gradually changed …
"This is!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He found himself wearing golden armor and standing on the city walls of the Burning Sky Imperial Capital. He was holding a golden blade and looking into the distance!
"I can't control my hands and feet!" Luo Zheng instinctively wanted to move, but he realized he couldn't move at all!
After that, Luo Zheng couldn't help but wave his blade and roar out, "Soldiers, the Burning Sky Imperial Capital has been conquered! Wait until I wear the golden robe, and I'll rule this world with all of you!"
"Charge!"
Below the city walls, countless soldiers wearing golden armor were swarming towards the Burning Sky Imperial Capital like a tidal wave.
Within the Burning Sky Imperial Capital, smoke could be seen everywhere, and cries could be heard everywhere …
While Luo Zheng was wondering what was going on, dozens of green lights suddenly shot into the sky in front of him. The person leading the group was Su Lingyun!
As for Su Lingyun, there were many Divine Core warriors surrounding her!
"Traitor Luo Zheng, the Burning Sky Palace will fight with our backs against the wall! Even if we have to use our last bit of strength, we'll kill you!"
Su Lingyun brought all the Divine Core warriors with her. They turned into beams of light and surrounded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng let out a wild laugh. He waved the golden blade in his hand and charged forward as well. Both sides began fighting fiercely.
Although Luo Zheng was in this body, his voice and movements were completely out of his control …
He only knew that he had become a traitor in the Burning Sky Imperial Capital, and now, he was about to steal the Burning Sky Imperial Capital. As long as he could defeat all these people in front of him, he would be able to rule the world and become the new Emperor of the Eastern Region!
"Is this something that has already happened? Or was it created in the dreamland? "

Chapter 634
The battle lasted for an entire day and night. The entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital was littered with dead bodies, and flames were burning everywhere.
Luo Zheng had killed ten Divine Core warriors by himself, and only Su Lingyun had managed to escape …
After that, Luo Zheng led all his soldiers and charged straight toward the Burning Heaven Palace!
In the end, Luo Zheng had successfully ascended to the throne he had always dreamed of. He stood at the top of the Burning Heaven Palace, overlooking the entire world.
Millions of soldiers were wearing golden armor, and they were kneeling in front of Luo Zheng. It was a glorious scene, and this was the epitome of Luo Zheng's life.
As for Su Lingyun, the last descendant of the Family Su, she had been captured.
"So, this is my other life?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. Although these scenes were illusory in Luo Zheng's eyes, they were still vivid in his mind, and he could clearly see all the details. It was real, but it was also absurd!
"The last princess of the Family Su, I'll kill her with my own hands!"
Luo Zheng leapt up into the air. With the golden blade in his hand, he slashed toward Su Lingyun. However, right before the blade was about to reach Su Lingyun, a sword beam suddenly appeared!
"Ding!"
The sword beam easily knocked away the golden blade in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Hua Tianming?" Luo Zheng saw Hua Tianming. He was wearing a white shirt, and he had a calm expression on his face. He was standing in front of millions of soldiers, but he didn't show any fear.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask.
Hua Tianming responded with a faint smile. "Me? I'm a swordsman. "
"Why are you here?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The Fengwang Dynasty is an ally of the Blue Cloud Sect, and the Blue Cloud Sect belongs to the Cloud Hall. I come from the Cloud Hall." Hua Tianming looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. "If you want to usurp the country, you have to ask the Cloud Hall first!"
"Go to hell!" Luo Zheng roared and rushed towards Hua Tianming.
"Ding ding ding …"
The two of them continued to attack, exchanging thousands of blows in an instant.
In the end, Hua Tianming retreated a hundred feet and raised his sword. The entire world changed colors, and the aura of this sword suppressed the aura of the million-strong army.
"With your strength, you're far from qualified to usurp the throne!" Hua Tianming finished speaking and stabbed down with his sword.
Luo Zheng couldn't resist this powerful sword. He was directly pierced by Hua Tianming's sword, and his head was separated from his body …
At the moment when his body was beheaded, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the various emotions contained in this body. They swept over him one after another. Unwillingness, anger, helplessness, all kinds of emotions were swept into Luo Zheng's mind.
"This … is the fate of a reincarnation?"
All the scenes gradually disappeared, and Luo Zheng was once again immersed in darkness. He now somewhat understood the meaning of the Gate of Reincarnation.
No wonder one could cultivate the heart of martial arts through the Gate of Reincarnation. To put it bluntly, the Gate of Reincarnation seemed to have the ability to continuously create the reincarnation of life, and after experiencing it personally, one would absorb the emotions in the reincarnation! To empathize, and then to comprehend, and to comprehend …
The mysterious things that existed in the Upper Realm were indeed amazing. This method of cultivating the heart of martial arts was indeed an eye-opener for Luo Zheng. It was unbelievable!
Immediately after, a golden whirlpool appeared in front of him again, and then a new scene appeared around him.
In this life, Luo Zheng wasn't a martial artist, but a cook who guarded the stove. He was always busy beside the stove with smoke and fire. Until one day, when Luo Zheng was slaughtering a wild dog, he found a divine jade pendant in the wild dog.
It was this jade pendant that changed his life's path, and he once again embarked on the path of a martial artist.
However, Luo Zheng didn't enter the Blue Cloud Sect. Instead, as an independent martial artist, he rapidly rose in the Eastern Region, established his own sect, and finally established a large sect comparable to the Blue Cloud Sect, and became the sect master …
In the third reincarnation, Luo Zheng became a famous scholar in the Eastern Region! In the face of the demon race's attack, he resolutely entered the path of literature, and led White Emperor City to resist the demon race's attack …
The fourth reincarnation …
The fifth reincarnation …
The sixth reincarnation …
Reincarnation after reincarnation flew around Luo Zheng. These reincarnations were vivid in his mind, and formed a brand in Luo Zheng's heart!
The more things a person experienced, the more profound their thoughts, and the more profound their thoughts. In this reincarnation, Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was also sublimated little by little.
Reincarnation after reincarnation continued to rotate, and all kinds of fates flashed. From the beginning to the prologue, Luo Zheng experienced the uniqueness of each fate.
The beginning of each new reincarnation was the end of an old reincarnation. In this short period of time, Luo Zheng experienced ninety-nine reincarnations!
When all the reincarnations disappeared and Luo Zheng walked out of the Gate of Reincarnation, he was slightly dazed.
The impact of these reincarnations was too great, and it wasn't something that could be digested in a short period of time. However, the effect it had on the heart of martial arts was obvious. After experiencing such a rich life, one had the most painful understanding of life and death, glory, power, and desire!
"How many reincarnations have you experienced?" Ling Yan asked Luo Zheng.
Everyone also looked at Luo Zheng, waiting for his answer.
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. "What? Didn't everyone experience the same number of reincarnations? How long has it been? "
"Two hours," Xun said with a smile.
"That long?" Luo Zheng was also stunned.
He didn't know that everyone thought Luo Zheng had died inside …
"The number of reincarnations in the Gate of Reincarnation is determined by the strength of a person's heart of martial arts. The stronger the heart of martial arts, the more reincarnations there will be," Yun Luo explained.
The impact of a single reincarnation cycle was already very strong. If one's heart of martial arts was not strong enough, they would gradually lose themselves in one reincarnation cycle after another. They would not even be able to distinguish between reality and reincarnation.
Therefore, when undergoing reincarnation cultivation, as long as the heart showed the slightest sign of being lost, the reincarnation would disappear, and the person would be released from the Gate of Reincarnation.
"I've undergone nine reincarnations," Zhao Fenqin said.
"I've only undergone six," Zhou Zhuohe said.
Ling Yan said, "I've undergone thirteen reincarnations … Luo Zheng, what about you?"
"Me? It seems to be ninety-nine times, "Luo Zheng replied.
"Ninety-nine times!" Zhao Fenqin's eyes almost popped out of their sockets. "So many times, you didn't lose yourself at all?"
"Lost? How could that be? "Luo Zheng said, puzzled.
Everyone, including Ling Yan, was puzzled. It seemed that Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was too strong …
"Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts is indeed much stronger than the average person. This Gate of Reincarnation is made from the power of the Six Paths of Reincarnation. Although it can't replace the real path of reincarnation, the power of reincarnation it contains is enough to make many people lose themselves. Ninety-nine times is the limit of the Gate of Reincarnation …" Yun Luo seemed to understand the Gate of Reincarnation very well.
"I see …" Luo Zheng finally understood why he had undergone as many as ninety-nine reincarnations. However, from beginning to end, his heart of martial arts did not feel lost at all.
Zhao Fenqin smacked his lips, looked at the Gate of Reincarnation, and said, "It's really a divine treasure. If only we could bring it back to the Purple Heart Sacred Land."
Xun sneered. "Bring it back? Do you think you can protect the Gate of Reincarnation if you bring it back? "
"Why not?" Zhao Fenqin was not convinced.
"A treasure of this level, if it leaves here without the protection of the Cursed Land, the aura it emits is enough to attract the attention of the strongest in the Upper Realm. With the strength of those strong people, destroying the entire Sea God Continent is just a matter of raising their hands …" Xun said lightly.
Hearing Xun's words, Zhao Fenqin was stunned.
Xun was right. Some of the inheritances in the Xuanming Cave were too precious. It was not something that a small force in the Lower Realm could preserve.
Luo Zheng looked at the Gate of Reincarnation. He was still slowly digesting the complicated emotions that came from reincarnation. At this time, he said, "If that's the case, let's continue exploring!"
Although the Gate of Reincarnation was wonderful, it was not the inheritance that Daoist Tian Miao was talking about.
"I'm afraid you won't have the chance to continue!" At this time, a deep voice rang in everyone's ears. It was like thunder, shaking everyone's ears until they were buzzing.
Hearing this familiar voice, Luo Zheng's face sank. He looked over and saw Meng Chong's burly figure appear not far away!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 635
"Battle-Saint!"
Ling Yan's pupils suddenly shrank. Judging from the aura emitted from Meng Chong's body, he had already stepped into the Battle-Saint realm!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's complexion immediately sank …
Didn't the Demon Race already leave the Tower of Sin? Why were these two still able to appear here?
This strange situation immediately reminded them of Tianqiong and Tianhui. They had also abruptly appeared in the Tower of Sin. The Demon Race had operated the Tower of Sin for so many years, so there were still some secrets that were not known by others.
However, although everyone's complexion was not good, they did not have an overly fearful expression. On the contrary, everyone's aura was very calm. Facing a Battle-Saint like Meng Chong, they were unexpectedly so calm.
This time, it was Meng Chong who was somewhat puzzled. A doubtful expression appeared on his face, and he even became somewhat vigilant.
What was wrong with these guys? Death was at hand, yet they did not seem to panic at all?
Let's not talk about the two freaks, Xun and Yun Luo. These two fellows could not be judged by common sense. In fact, Yun Luo and Xun, who came from the upper realm, had a heart of martial arts that these people from the lower realm could not compare to.
For example, Yun Luo had never thought of entering the Gate of Reincarnation. This was because the reincarnation cultivation method in the Gate of Reincarnation was already useless to her. She had cut her soul into millions of pieces, and millions of clones were constantly training. This kind of experience was countless times better than the Gate of Reincarnation!
However, Luo Zheng and Ling Yan were still so calm?
Even the usually timid Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, the two peak Battle-Saints of the Human Race, had the same indifferent expression. What was going on?
Meng Chong was somewhat disappointed, and even somewhat unwilling. He had hidden in the narrow secret passage under the Tower of Sin for several months, waiting for this moment. He originally wanted to see Luo Zheng and the others lose their heads out of fear, and even kneel down and beg for mercy. He did not expect these fellows to not have much of a reaction!
Meng Chong thought for a moment, then sneered: "Do you still think this is the Tower of Sin? Do you still think that Luo Zheng has that omnipotent ability? "
When Zhao Fenqin heard Meng Chong's words, he replied faintly, "Of course we're not as stupid as you think. However, since you're here, we can only deal with you calmly!"
What Meng Chong didn't know was that these people had just experienced the reincarnation of life. They had seen their lives from the perspective of life and death, so their mentality was naturally very stable! This was the effect of cultivating the heart of martial arts!
If one's heart of martial arts was easily agitated, it would often spoil things at crucial moments, and one might not even be able to display one's true strength!
For example, when the group was being chased by that strange thing, Zhao Fenqin was on the verge of collapse. Even his instinct to escape had disappeared. If Luo Zheng hadn't used the Stun Spirit Thorn to knock Zhao Fenqin out, Zhao Fenqin would have been dead by then.
Yun Luo, on the other hand, was able to think of a way to deal with it in that environment. She used the Demon Sealing Technique to seal that thing and lead everyone to escape!
The more stable a person's heart of martial arts was, the more they would be able to remain calm at any time and display 100% of their strength.
Everyone's heart of martial arts had been greatly strengthened by the Gate of Reincarnation. At this moment, they were surprisingly calm!
"Deal with it? Haha. "Meng Chong laughed sinisterly:" With just you few Peak War Reverends? "
Ling Yan stared at Meng Chong and said: "When you were at the Peak War Reverend, you were far from being my match. Even if you broke through now and became a War Saint, so what? Are you sure you're my match? "
Among the one hundred and twenty-eight seat controllers, Ling Yan was ranked first. She was the strongest Peak War Reverend, and Meng Chong could only be ranked in the middle of the Peak War Reverend. Even if Meng Chong stepped into the War Saint realm, he would only be a First Order War Saint.
"Hmph, won't you know if I'm your match after trying?" Meng Chong didn't want to waste any more time here. There was a huge change in the inner layer. Even if he was a Battle-Saint, it was still very dangerous. He had to end this battle as soon as possible!
When he entered the secret passage in the lower level of the Tower of Sin, Meng Chong understood that he had actually become a death warrior! And his only goal was to kill Luo Zheng!
As long as Luo Zheng died, all of the disadvantageous situations in the Demon Clan would vanish into thin air! The Demon Clan would once again return to the Tower of Sin!
If he could kill Luo Zheng and safely return to the Tower of Sin, then he, Meng Chong, would be the great hero of the Twin Devil Holy Land. The Demon Clan attached great importance to the glory of their clan. This kind of glory was a supreme existence to him, just like how Xun was a supreme existence to the Demon Night Clan …
"Go!" Meng Chong gave the order and also launched an attack. His huge body suddenly flashed and directly rushed towards Luo Zheng!
When Meng Chong's figure moved, Tian Hu also moved at the same time. Together with Tian Hu were the three Peak War Reverends of the Night Clan!
"Protect Luo Zheng." If it was in the past, Zhao Fenqin would be at a loss. But at this time, his expression was calm. Even though he knew that he was not Meng Chong's match, he still acted methodically! This was the effect of the Gate of Reincarnation!
"I have indeed just stepped into the War Saint realm. With your strength, Ling Yan, you can even kill an ordinary Second Order War Saint! But don't forget, I, Meng Chong, was also a God Rank genius! " Vital essence suddenly erupted from Meng Chong's body, and a turbulent aura burst out. At the same time, a slender saber appeared in his hand.
"Demonic God Slash!"
Meng Chong's first attack was his strongest attack. He was determined to kill Luo Zheng in one strike!
He could clearly distinguish the priority. The people in front of him were not important. The most important thing was Luo Zheng. Once he killed Luo Zheng, everything would be over! As long as the Demon Clan controlled the secret of the Tower of Sin, with his strength as a War Saint, no one in the Tower of Sin would be able to resist the Demon Clan!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, one on the left and one on the right, raised their swords at the same time. Sword intent began to intertwine, forming little spirals.
"Twin Jade Sword Aura!"
"First Sword Break!"
"Second Sword Kill!"
"Third Sword Destroy!"
"Fourth Sword Calamity …"
Zhou Zhuohe and Zhao Fenqin worked together in an orderly manner. Profound and exquisite sword intent surged towards Meng Chong's saber.
But when the sword intent collided with Meng Chong's saber, all of the sword intent was instantly shattered!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's faces sank. When the two of them worked together, they were said to be able to deal with an ordinary War Saint. But Meng Chong was clearly not an ordinary War Saint.
Zhao Fenqin coldly shouted, "Change your move!"
The two of them continued to block Meng Chong's saber …
Luo Zheng naturally did not remain idle. Facing Meng Chong's saber, he quickly retreated. His eyes flashed, and starlight began to flicker on the surface of his body!
When Meng Chong's Demonic God Slash appeared, it was as if a fiendish Demonic God was rushing towards Luo Zheng. Even though Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe tried their best to block it, they still could not stop it …
But when the saber arrived in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng met it with a punch!
"Sinking Stars Earthquake!"
A whirlpool formed by starlight immediately sucked the Demonic God into it.
"Break for me!"
Luo Zheng was very clear about the power of the 《Astral Combat Body》. The strength of this punch was enough to kill a beginner War Saint. It should be able to resist Meng Chong's saber!
But at this moment, a strange scene occurred. Just as the ferocious Demonic God was about to be sucked into the whirlpool created by the 《Sinking Stars Earthquake》, it suddenly split into three and transformed into three even more powerful saber energies. They surrounded Luo Zheng from three different directions!
"Not good!"
Luo Zheng's expression sank. It was obvious that he had underestimated the strength of a War Saint. Or rather, he had underestimated Meng Chong's strength!
Before the Demon Race left, they left Meng Chong and Tian Hu here. They definitely had a foolproof plan! After Meng Chong broke through to the War Saint realm, it was not as simple as it seemed!
"Hmph, break for me!"
At this moment, Xun stabbed her spear from Luo Zheng's side. The tip of her spear suddenly pierced one of the saber energies. Then, with a light twist, the saber energies were immediately shattered by an invisible wave.
At the same time, Yun Luo also struck out with her finger and shattered another saber energy!
As for the last saber energy, it was forcibly blocked by Luo Zheng's high-grade Sacred Long Sword!

Chapter 636
After Meng Chong finished speaking, he took out a black fruit from his chest. His big hand, which was like a palm-leaf fan, gently pinched it, and the fruit was instantly crushed.
A black aura came out of the fruit and surrounded Meng Chong.
"Five months ago, I said, Luo Zheng, I will kill you! Today, you must die here! " After Meng Chong finished speaking, the black aura formed a pair of huge black wings behind Meng Chong!
Seeing the black wings, Xun and Yun Luo frowned at the same time.
"The demon race actually obtained that guy's inheritance …" Xun said with a cold expression.
Luo Zheng felt that the black wings were extraordinary, but with his experience, he naturally couldn't recognize what it was.
"This is the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit," Yun Luo added.
"Dark Sky Demon God?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"It's just that its name is Dark Sky Demon God. It's also a Realm Lord, but it has the strength of a Realm Lord, but it doesn't control a Realm. It's probably … equivalent to an independent warrior in your Central Domain," Xun said.
"What's the use of this fruit?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"As you can see, it can greatly increase this guy's strength in a short period of time!" Xun shook her head and said in a low voice, "Get ready to run!"
Xun and Yun Luo's vision and insight were far from what Luo Zheng, Ling Yan and the other lower realm warriors could compare to. Xun didn't suggest running because she judged that both sides still had the strength to fight. Even if Meng Chong was a War Reverend, they might not be able to defeat him!
Ling Yan and the two peak War Reverends of the Yao Night clan were enough to fight against Tian Hu and the three peak War Reverends of the Night clan. As for Luo Zheng's side, as long as the five of them delayed Meng Chong and waited for Ling Yan to deal with her opponent, Meng Chong shouldn't be able to defeat them.
However, Xun wasn't a fortune teller. She couldn't have calculated that Meng Chong actually had the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit. In fact, the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit could not only stimulate the body's potential, but it could also use some kind of secret technique. As for whether Meng Chong had this secret technique, it would depend on whether the demon race had obtained the complete Dark Sky Demon God's inheritance …
She raised her spear with both hands and thrust it towards Meng Chong. A formless yet fatal wave of energy shot towards Meng Chong.
"Go!" Of course, Xun didn't think that this spear would be able to kill Meng Chong. She had only bought some time for Luo Zheng to retreat.
Of course, Luo Zheng would not show off his courage here. As soon as Xun's voice fell, his figure shot backward like a flying shuttle.
On Ling Yan's side, she led the two pinnacle war reverends of the Yao Night Clan and forced the three pinnacle war reverends of the Sky Tiger Clan and the Night Clan to retreat! The members of the Night Demon Clan were much more outstanding than the other clans. Although Tian Hu was cultivating in the secret passage, he had not broken through to the Battle Saint realm, so his strength had not improved by much. As for the other three clansmen, although they were also peak War Reverends, the Night Demon Clan was not good at fighting head on, so how could they be Ling Yan's opponent?
Ling Yan was constantly suppressing Tianhu, but after hearing Xun's order, she immediately gave up the plan to attack. The King's order, to Ling Yan, was the supreme imperial edict!
"Let's go!"
The three figures immediately turned into streams of light and flew behind Luo Zheng.
"Can you guys escape?" A cold smile appeared on Meng Chong's face. After dodging Xun's spear, the pair of black wings on his back suddenly flapped. His flying speed was astonishing. His figure was like a whirlwind as he chased after Luo Zheng.
The humiliation he had suffered in the Sin Tower and the grievances he had suffered in the past few months were constantly released in Meng Chong's heart. At this moment, Meng Chong even hoped that this game of cat and mouse would last a little longer. He really enjoyed this game of cat and mouse!
"Let's hurry up and follow!" Tian Hu led the three members of the Night Clan and followed.
The three members of the Night Clan secretly rolled their eyes …
Actually, what Xue Luotian wanted to say was that since they had found Luo Zheng with Meng Chong and the others, their mission should have been completed. Killing Luo Zheng was their job, right? Xue Luotian didn't want to stay in this damned place for even a moment longer. Just now, he had been chased by those monsters all the way here and had almost lost his life!
However, Xue Luotian could only think about this in his heart. If he said it out loud, he was afraid that he would be killed on the spot by Meng Chong. Moreover, in this situation, even if the three members of the Night Clan were to return, they didn't have the guts to do so!
"You can't escape, Luo Zheng. Just obediently surrender and I'll let you die a little more comfortably!" Meng Chong grinned from behind.
His speed was extremely fast, and the distance between him and Luo Zheng was constantly shrinking. It seemed that Meng Chong was about to attack and kill Luo Zheng.
The eyes of Xun, who was originally following behind Luo Zheng, flashed as he suddenly came to a halt. His long spear danced wildly as a flickering white light suddenly pierced out. That invisible ripple swiftly enveloped Meng Chong, who was chasing after him.
"Your spear technique is really powerful. It's really surprising that you can exert such extreme power with such strength. Unfortunately … it's still useless!" Meng Chong, who had swallowed the black fruit, brandished his saber.
With just one strike, Meng Chong broke Xun's spear light. Not only that, the saber didn't weaken at all and directly cut towards Xun's body!
"Haha, die for me!"
The saber instantly cut into Xun's chest and then twisted her tall body into pieces!
Xun was indeed killed by Meng Chong. However, she was originally a Sword Spirit, a body formed by a Sword Spirit. Even if she was killed, she wouldn't be fatally injured.
Xun, who had turned into a little Sword Spirit, wrapped the spear and spiraled towards Luo Zheng!
But soon, the Sword Spirit reformed and once again rushed towards Meng Chong with the spear. It was still the same spear and the same terrifying wave that made people's hearts palpitate.
Xun's attack was very fierce. Although Meng Chong's strength had greatly increased, he had no choice but to stop and seriously deal with it. Otherwise, even if he was stabbed by the spear, he would still die.
Meng Chong swung his saber again and twisted Xun's body into pieces. But in the blink of an eye, Xun returned unscathed and once again stabbed with the spear …
Soon, Meng Chong realized that this couldn't go on.
His flying speed was indeed much faster than Luo Zheng's, but the Demon Night Clan woman in front of him was an immortal existence. Under her constant obstruction, the distance between him and Luo Zheng didn't decrease at all!
What made Meng Chong even angrier was that Luo Zheng's group was running very fast in front, but Tianhu and Xue Luotian behind them couldn't keep up. The distance between them was getting bigger and bigger, and he couldn't help at all!
However, Meng Chong had chased them all the way here. How could he give up?
He didn't believe that Xun could continue fighting like this!
Xun's Sword Spirit body was attached to Luo Zheng. In theory, she was indeed an immortal existence. As long as Luo Zheng didn't die, she wouldn't disappear or perish.
However, the constant shattering, reassembling, shattering, and reassembling was a big burden for Xun. The red light emitted by the Sword Spirit was constantly fading. If the Sword Spirit's energy was exhausted to a certain extent, it could only slowly recover in Luo Zheng's body.
The current situation was very unfavorable for Luo Zheng …
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others' minds were spinning rapidly. They hadn't resisted all the way, but that didn't mean that they had given up. Being chased by Meng Chong like this wasn't a problem for them either!
Under this chase, the two sides unknowingly moved forward rapidly. 10 li, 100 li, 200 li …
At this time, everyone slowly realized that something was wrong with the scenery in front of them.
After entering the inner region from the outer region, the surrounding scenery would slowly lose its color. But now, the surrounding scenery seemed to have disappeared. Apart from the black ground, the trees, the jungle, and the mountains had all disappeared. Everything was so monotonous!
"Fog, there's fog around us," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Fog?" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ling Yan's expression suddenly changed. Even though she had experienced 13 reincarnations, she couldn't suppress the fluctuations in her state of mind at this moment.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe raised their heads and looked, but said, "We don't see fog …"
However, Yun Luo said with certainty, "There is fog, but it's very faint!"
"Oh no, I'm afraid … I'm afraid we've entered the core area!" Ling Yan's expression sank, and her figure suddenly stopped.
While they were talking, the fog around them became thicker. Even Zhao Fenqin and the others could see a faint layer of fog slowly floating up. This fog was actually spreading at a visible speed.

Chapter 637
Ling Yan glanced at Meng Chong indifferently. Beams of True Essence spread out and hundreds of flowers bloomed, forming a semicircular domain that protected everyone.
Only after entering the Divine Sea Realm could one have their own domain. However, Ling Yan's cultivation method was a bit special. She could simulate the unique "Myriad Flower Domain."
"You think you can stop me with just this?" Meng Chong snorted coldly. The wings on his back flapped. He took a step forward and punched out. It was as if he was crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood. Instantly, the flower-like domain was broken into pieces …
Looking at Ling Yan's expression that gradually turned cold, a faint smile appeared on Meng Chong's face. In the past, Ling Yan was an undefeatable existence in Meng Chong's eyes. Even Meng Tian was no match for Ling Yan. But now, she couldn't even block one of his punches!
However, Ling Yan's expression didn't change at all. She gently waved her hands and more flowers bloomed rapidly, blocking the front. At the same time, she said indifferently, "Meng Chong, didn't you notice the change in the surroundings?"
"Change?" He narrowed his eyes and scanned the area. Looking at the faint mist, he seemed to have suddenly thought of something very important. His face suddenly changed. "This, this is …"
At this moment, Tianhu, Xue Luotian, and the other three hurried over. At the same time, Tianhu shouted, "Not good! Meng Chong … We seem to have fallen into … "
"Fog …" Meng Chong helped Tianhu finish his sentence.
Fog was a very common thing. In the Sea God Continent, fog would often appear during the transition between winter and spring.
However, it was different in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. There was only one place in the Mysterious Underworld Cave that had fog, and that was the core area! Encountering the fog was equivalent to entering the core area.
The reason why there was fog in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was still an unsolved mystery for many warriors on the Sea God Continent. However, every warrior in the Tower of Sin had to thank this fog.
As everyone knew, the Mysterious Underworld Cave was covered in the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray all year round. Other than the demonic creatures inside the Mysterious Underworld Cave, the creatures outside couldn't resist this death ray at all. Even the most powerful warriors would turn into a pool of pus under the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
According to his speculations, the Profound Nether Deathlight of the Profound Nether Cave should be emitted from the core region. However, every year, there would be a period of time where a dense fog would rise up from the core region. It was because of the existence of this dense fog that the Profound Nether Deathlight was greatly weakened, allowing the martial artists of the Sin Tower to have the opportunity to enter and explore!
If it wasn't for this layer of fog, no one on the Sea God Continent would be able to step foot into the Xuanming Cave.
However, although many of the martial artists were grateful for this fog, they also feared it from the depths of their hearts. The fog covered the core region, so what unknown existences existed in the core region? To this day, no one knows! In the past, all the races had joined forces to explore the fog, but none of them had survived.
Therefore, regardless of whether it was Meng Chong or Ling Yan, in their hearts, the bewildering fog was equal to the core region, and the core region was equal to the forbidden area!
"Impossible! Impossible! " With a whoosh, Meng Chong directly pulled out a sheepskin from his chest. The map of the demon race was drawn on this sheepskin. "We shouldn't have stepped into the core region. This can't be the core region!"
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan also took out a map and carefully compared it for a few breaths. Then, Zhao Fenqin shook his head. "This is indeed not the core region, but …"
"But, the core region has expanded." Ling Yan's gaze was very complicated.
There was a very obvious dividing line between the outer region and the inner region. Furthermore, the demonic creatures in the outer region would not enter the inner region. However, there was no obvious dividing line between the core region and the inner region. Wherever the dense fog spread, that was where the core region was!
Hearing everyone's words, Yun Luo's expression was still indifferent. However, a faint smile hung on Xun's face. Her pair of beautiful eyes stared unwaveringly at Yun Luo. She didn't know why, but from beginning to end, Xun was very vigilant against Yun Luo. Even the dense fog that made people's faces change did not cause Xun to have any thoughts.
As for Luo Zheng, his brows were completely furrowed. Because he had just been chased by Meng Chong, Luo Zheng's spatial ring was getting hotter and hotter. The Jade Butterfly in the spatial ring had already turned into a ball of fire!
This meant that the direction the Jade Butterfly was pointing to was precisely the dense fog! It seemed that the inheritance that Immortal Tian Miao had mentioned was definitely in the core region.
Although Luo Zheng was still very calm, he also knew that the current situation was not very optimistic. The famous core region definitely contained some strange things. The most frightening thing was that they knew nothing about this dense fog. How could Luo Zheng break it?
Ling Yan stared at Meng Chong and lightly said, "Now, do you still want to fight?"
Meng Chong's expression was very interesting. He had stayed below the Tower of Sin to cultivate. He was also very clear about his mission. From a certain perspective, he was a death warrior! He had to ensure that Luo Zheng was unable to leave the Profound Nether Cave. He had to make sure that Luo Zheng died in the Profound Nether Cave. His mission was complete!
But after he truly understood that he had entered the core region, Meng Chong's mentality underwent a drastic change!
Meng Chong did not want to die.
In Meng Chong's mind, after he killed Luo Zheng, he would continue to hide in the Tower of Sin. In the future, he would be the sole king of the Tower of Sin!
Within the Tower of Sin, one would also be affected by the power of the curse. However, according to past experience, the power of the curse would not erupt on the spot. Instead, it would take a month for it to erupt.
In the past, there had been a peak war saint that had become a battle saint within the Tower of Sin. However, after that peak war saint had become a battle saint, the power of the curse did not immediately descend. A month later, that battle saint was killed by the curse …
Every time Meng Chong returned to the Tower of Sin, he would only stay for ten days to half a month before immediately returning to the Profound Nether Cave. This way, he would not be affected by the power of the curse!
As Meng Chong's strength increased step by step, he would become a high-level battle saint and a Divine Sea Realm expert. In the future, he would become the true ruler of the Tower of Sin. Even the Twin Devil Holy Land would have to give him face when doing things!
After all, with his strength, who would be able to contend against him in the Tower of Sin?
However, he did not expect that because he had chased after Luo Zheng, he would fall into the fog. How could Meng Chong not be at a loss?
"No! Kill Luo Zheng first, then we will discuss how to leave the fog! "Meng Chong waved his battle blade and pointed it at Luo Zheng.
Ling Yan's expression sank and a sneer appeared on her face, "Now that everyone has fallen into the fog, we will talk about serious matters after we get out of the fog. What's more, do you think we will let you succeed so easily?"
Meng Chong, who had swallowed the fruit of the Dark Sky Demon God, was indeed powerful. However, it was not as if Ling Yan did not have a trump card. If both parties were to use their full strength and fight to the death, the final result would be hard to say!
"That's right, Lord Meng Chong … We, we should think about how to leave the fog!" At this time, Xue Luotian, who was at the side, stammered. In his heart, he thought that today was the worst day of his life. If he had known earlier, he would not have informed Meng Chong and the others. He, Xue Luotian, would rather be torn to pieces by those Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves than die in this damned place.
Meng Chong took a deep breath and then said coldly, "The fog is only a legend. It is very scary, but it doesn't mean that we can't get out!"
Everyone knew very little about the fog. Their understanding of the fog came from guesses and legends. It was said that once one fell into the fog, there was no possibility of getting out. However, this was not necessarily true!
It was just a thin layer of fog. Could it really prevent many warriors from getting out?
"Let's make peace for the time being and put aside our dispute. We will talk about everything after we get out of the fog," Ling Yan suggested.
"That's a good suggestion!" Xue Luotian quickly laughed.
Meng Chong glared fiercely at Xue Luotian, making him shut up immediately. Then Meng Chong nodded. "Okay! We will talk about it after we get out of the fog! We will go back the way we came! "
The road they took just now was not complicated. This area was barren everywhere. It was so flat that there was not even a small mound. It was very desolate.
The two groups of people, one in front and one behind, put aside their dispute for the time being and carefully walked back the way they came …
Just now, it was still a thin layer of fog. Now, it was getting thicker and thicker. The white fog was like milk in the air, floating slowly and almost blocking everyone's sight.
(Thanks to Bitten by Dog 5K for the tip, Morning Wind 2K for the tip! Thanks to Serene Mist Fox, Hum Ji, Tiger Soul, Lu Yi, Yang Yang for the tip ^ _ ^ Also: Morning Wind is looking for a wife in the book review section! '(* ^ ﹏ ^ *)')
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 638
Due to the fog, both sides temporarily put aside their dispute, but everyone still carefully maintained a certain distance.
After all, both sides were enemies and not friends.
Under Meng Chong's pursuit, they had run for about twenty to thirty miles, but it should not have been long since they entered the fog. They were probably only four to five miles away.
With the speed of this group of people, they should be able to return in a few dozen breaths of time!
Everyone's hearts were hanging high because no one knew if they could walk out of the fog.
The time it took for an incense stick to burn passed, and everyone's complexion became worse and worse. According to their flying speed, they could cover a distance of several dozen miles in the time it took for an incense stick to burn, but there was still an endless fog in front of them, and they simply couldn't find the edge of this fog.
"Oh no, oh no, it's just like the rumors say. Once you enter the fog, there's no turning back …" Xue Luo Tian said with a long face.
"Shut up," Meng Chong scolded. Although he remained calm on the surface, there was a trace of panic in his heart. The Demon Race was the race that understood the Xuanming Cave the most. The last time they worked together to explore the core area, the Demon Race sent the most people and suffered the most losses!
Moreover, the Demon Race was the most well-prepared for the exploration of the core area. Everyone made life cards and set up voice transmission talismans at the same time.
However, after entering the fog, all the voice transmission talismans were disconnected and could not communicate with the outside world, but the life cards were fine.
If the life cards did not shatter, the people did not die. After entering the fog, they were definitely fine at the beginning, but three days later, all the life cards shattered at the same time! More than a dozen Peak War Venerables of the Demon Race died in an instant!
What was it that made those Peak War Venerables die in an instant?
This was probably a mystery that would never be solved.
Now, Meng Chong had the chance to uncover this mystery, and the price was probably his life!
Therefore, Meng Chong was also worried at this time and forced himself to be calm!
At this time, Luo Zheng, who was not far behind, suddenly said, "Stop!"
Everyone looked back at Luo Zheng, then Zhao Fenqin asked, "What's going on?"
"Look," Luo Zheng pointed to the ground, where there was a small mark.
Everyone looked at the mark and asked, "What is that?"
"Before we set off, I secretly left this mark … Now," Luo Zheng looked at the mark with a complicated expression. He frowned and said, "We'll go back to where we started."
Xue Luotian smiled bitterly. "It seems that we're going around in circles."
Luo Zheng nodded. Everyone's heart sank.
"Why is this happening? We were flying in a straight line! "Zhao Fenqin said.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Are you sure we're flying in a straight line?"
"I'm sure!" Zhao Fenqin replied firmly.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a sigh, "Let's not talk about the strangeness of this fog. It's not that easy to keep moving forward in a straight line."
"Luo Zheng, are you laughing at our intelligence?" Xue Luotian sneered.
A group of peak war reverends didn't even know how to walk in a straight line? Even a child could do it. Luo Zheng's words were a bit unimaginable.
Luo Zheng glanced at Xue Luotian indifferently. Then he reached out and tore a piece of cloth from his sleeve. He said to Xue Luotian, "Come here."
"What are you doing?" Xue Luotian stared at Luo Zheng warily.
"Don't worry, I'm just letting you do an experiment. I won't do anything," Luo Zheng said.
Xue Luotian looked at Meng Chong and the others. He naturally didn't want to go. If Luo Zheng suddenly killed him, how could he resist with Ling Yan and the others around?
But seeing Luo Zheng's posture, Meng Chong nodded and ordered, "Xue Luotian, you go."
Xue Luotian didn't dare to disobey Meng Chong's order. He could only bite the bullet and walk to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng raised the cloth and said to Xue Luotian, "Now you don't need to fly. Block all your True Essence and perception, and then walk forward!"
"What are you doing …" Xue Luotian was speechless.
"Do it," Luo Zheng said sternly.
Xue Luotian looked back and saw Meng Chong's eyes. He could only do as he was told. Then Luo Zheng covered Xue Luotian's eyes with the cloth and said, "Go forward."
Under Luo Zheng's order, Xue Luotian stepped forward.
"Go, go straight!"
Under Luo Zheng's urging, Xue Luotian's pace became faster and faster.
100 feet, 200 feet, 300 feet, 400 feet …
Xue Luotian had already walked far ahead, and his figure slowly disappeared into the fog.
"Where am I? Can I go now? " Xue Luotian wasn't the kind of person who was bold, not to mention that he was in such a damned place. Who knew if a monster would jump out and swallow him in the next moment?
Meng Chong was about to speak, but Luo Zheng stopped him. At the same time, he continued to say to Xue Luotian through True Essence Sound Transmission, "Go, keep going! We'll be there soon! "
Xue Luotian could only speed up and move forward quickly …
Everyone watched as Xue Luotian's faint figure made a big circle in the fog. Finally, he returned to the starting point and came to Luo Zheng's side. Then Luo Zheng reached out and pulled the cloth off Xue Luotian's face.
Xue Luotian looked at everyone strangely and said, "You've been following me all this time?"
Everyone shook their heads in unison. They hadn't moved a single step just now.
"But, but … I was walking in a straight line just now!" Xue Luotian said strangely.
"You thought it was a straight line, but it wasn't!" Luo Zheng said lightly, "We can usually walk in a straight line because we have something obvious that we can use as a reference! For example, we can slowly approach a mountain so that we can maintain a straight line! "
"But in this fog, all the objects of reference have disappeared, and this thick fog has become a cloth covering our eyes. So … we have taken a detour," Luo Zheng continued.
"So that's how it is. Why haven't I heard of it?" Zhao Fenqin and the others said strangely.
Luo Zheng shook his head lightly. The Sea God Continent had always been in chaos. There was only killing and survival here. It wasn't as stable as the Central Domain. Naturally, there was no cultural inheritance. It wasn't strange that they didn't know this principle.
"What do we do now?" Ling Yan asked.
At this time, everyone looked at Luo Zheng. Obviously, they saw hope in Luo Zheng. In a situation where they didn't understand the reason, Luo Zheng's performance was indeed magical.
"Let's continue!" Luo Zheng took out his long sword and cut a mark on the ground. Then, he chose a direction and walked!
Everyone looked at each other, and their expressions became more and more complicated. Everyone had pinned all their hopes on Luo Zheng.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't finish his words. It wasn't that he didn't have a reference!
The sumeru ring on his chest was a reference!
The further away Luo Zheng was from the inheritance that Immortal Heavenly Mist mentioned, the lower the temperature of the ring on his chest. And the closer he was to the inheritance, the higher the temperature of the ring on his chest!
Then, as long as the temperature of the ring dropped, the flames of the jade butterfly in the sumeru space would decrease. This meant that everyone was constantly moving away from the core area …
Using this point, it shouldn't be difficult to leave the core area.
After all, the jade butterfly was like a guiding light …
But this was the truly strange part of this fog. Just now, when everyone was returning, the temperature of the sumeru ring was clearly getting lower and lower. But suddenly, it became hotter and hotter. At the same time, it was constantly alternating between hot and cold.
This meant that everyone wasn't walking in a straight line, and they weren't going in a circle. Instead, they were going left and right, sometimes far and sometimes close.
It was as if they were lost in a special space!
Luo Zheng didn't reveal this secret. First, there was no need. Second, he was afraid that it would cause even more panic!
This time, everyone was moving forward even more cautiously. Not only Luo Zheng, but the others were also constantly making marks.
In the time it took for an incense stick to burn …
Two incense sticks of time …
Three incense sticks of time …
Two hours …
Four hours …
As time passed little by little, everyone's hearts gradually sank to the bottom of the valley.
Everyone had indeed used their own methods to leave marks on the ground. But these marks were in disorder. For example, when they had just found the first mark, there should have been a second mark next to it. But what jumped out was a sixth mark!

Chapter 639
"I, I can't take it anymore!"
Xue Luotian suddenly screamed while everyone was still moving forward silently.
In this dense fog, everyone was extremely nervous and the atmosphere was very oppressive. Xue Luotian and the others were on the verge of collapse.
Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Ling Yan were still fine. After all, they had passed through the Gate of Reincarnation, and their hearts of martial arts had been greatly stabilized. However, Xue Luotian and the others had not entered the Gate of Reincarnation, so their hearts of martial arts were far less stable than theirs. One could well imagine their current state of mind!
"If we stay here, we will only die here," Meng Chong said indifferently. He was not in the mood to care about Xue Luotian.
"We can't leave! We will definitely die here! "Xue Luotian said with a crazed expression.
"Is that so?" Meng Chong clenched his fist at Xue Luotian, "Why don't we just let you die now!"
Seeing that Meng Chong was really going to attack, Xue Luotian immediately shut up.
This was indeed not the time to say such discouraging words. It could easily destroy other people's tense nerves!
At this moment, a peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan suddenly pointed forward and shouted, "What is that!"
Everyone looked in the direction that the peak war reverend was pointing and saw a red dot in the distance!
The demonic red dot hung on the horizon, like the sun rising in the morning fog.
One must know that the fog could almost block all sight. Everyone couldn't see anything more than a hundred feet away, but that red dot could penetrate the layers of fog and let everyone see it clearly!
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked over, his eyes flashing with a green light. Even his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes couldn't see through the strange fog, but when he activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, the red dot became slightly clearer.
"This light is very similar to the Xuanming Death Ray. What do you think?" Luo Zheng said.
Ling Yan nodded and agreed, "Indeed. That red dot is wrapped in fog. It is very likely that the Xuanming Death Ray in the entire Xuanming Cave is emitted by this red dot!"
"In other words, after walking for half a day, not only have we not left the fog, but we are getting closer and closer to the core? Or rather, we've been walking for half a day, but we're actually heading towards the core! "Zhao Fenqin's expression was extremely ugly.
Everyone couldn't help but gulp. Who the hell knew what was in the core? But even if they used their toes to think, they could understand that no matter what it was, it would be too easy to kill them!
"Leave it!" Meng Chong's eyes lit up. "Now that we have a reference point, we can just walk in the opposite direction! Anyway, let's not go near that red dot! "
Meng Chong's suggestion immediately received everyone's approval!
According to what Luo Zheng had said earlier, they didn't have a reference point, so they were just walking in circles. But now that they had a reference point, things were much easier. As long as they got further and further away from the red dot, they would eventually be able to leave the fog!
Therefore, the appearance of the red dot gave everyone a glimmer of hope!
Everyone looked excited. Only Luo Zheng showed a bitter smile. I'm afraid … it won't be that easy.
Luo Zheng originally had his own reference point, but even so, he felt that the direction everyone was moving in was completely chaotic. How could this fog be broken so easily?
But at this time, Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Since everyone had chosen to try, he had no reason to stop them. Therefore, everyone followed Meng Chong and continued forward.
Ever since they discovered this reference point, everyone's speed rapidly increased. They ran in the opposite direction of the red dot, as if they could leave the fog as long as they kept walking …
During this process, Luo Zheng found that the sumeru ring on his chest was getting hotter and hotter. Needless to say, they were getting closer and closer to the core!
Sure enough, they soon heard Xue Luotian let out a strange cry. Then, he pointed at the red dot in the sky and stammered, "That, that red dot is getting bigger and bigger …"
Everyone looked up and their expressions suddenly changed!
The red dot hanging in the sky was just a dim little dot, but now it had become the size of a fist. This meant that everyone was getting closer and closer to the red dot.
"It's too strange … We're clearly walking in the opposite direction. Why is the distance getting bigger and bigger!" A peak war reverend from the Night Clan said with a trembling voice.
Ling Yan bit her lips. She couldn't explain what was happening in front of her.
"There's only one explanation. There's an invisible force in the fog that's guiding us to the core area. Or rather, it's dragging us there!" Meng Chong analyzed.
At this time, Yun Luo, who had been silent for a long time, suddenly spoke, "We can't walk out of the fog."
Meng Chong and the others didn't know, but Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin knew that Yun Luo seemed to know a lot about the Mysterious Underworld Cave. The two said almost at the same time, "What's going on? Is there a way to break it? "
Yun Luo said indifferently, "There is."
"Why didn't you say so earlier!" Zhao Fenqin opened his eyes wide. Everyone was on tenterhooks for so long. You already knew, but you were silent. At this time, Zhao Fenqin didn't know what to say. "
Yun Luo said expressionlessly, "But you can't do it."
"What do you mean?" Ling Yan said with a frown.
"This fog is actually an array. It contains the power of the Law of Space," Yun Luo replied. "If you want to walk out of this fog, you must be proficient in the Law of Space above the third level. None of you can do it."
"The Law of Space above the third level!" Zhou Zhuohe smiled bitterly.
Two of them were proficient in the Law of Space. One was Luo Zheng, and the other was Zhou Zhuohe. Luo Zheng was slowly digesting the second level of the Law of Space. When Luo Zheng was in the True Dragon Realm, he relied on the Talent Stele to comprehend the first level of the Law of Space. And from the Talent Stele, he comprehended the foundation of the second level of the Law of Space.
After that, he relied on points to rent the remaining stone steles in the Sin Tower to cultivate. However, he only comprehended half of the second level of the Law of Space. There was still a long way to go before he could reach perfection of the second level. His speed of cultivating the Law of Space was already very fast.
As for Zhou Zhuohe, he was even worse than Luo Zheng. Zhou Zhuohe had not cultivated the first level of the Law of Space to perfection, and he had only comprehended a trace of the second level of the Law of Space!
And according to Yun Luo, one needed to be proficient in the Law of Space above the third level to leave this fog …
They could not possibly stay here and comprehend the Law of Space by themselves, right? How long would they have to cultivate before they could reach the third level?
By then, the fog would have dispersed, and everyone would die from the Xuanming Death Ray!
"Is there no other way?" Zhao Fenqin asked again.
"There is," Yun Luo replied again.
Everyone was very dissatisfied with Yun Luo's method of squeezing toothpaste. They all stared at her angrily. Xun sneered. She knew Yun Luo's personality well. She seemed to always be like this!
"What is it? Can you say it all at once?" Meng Chong said angrily.
Yun Luo did not care about everyone's feelings at all. She said calmly, "Find the array disc that controls this array, and you will naturally be able to leave."
"Where is the array disc?" someone asked again.
Yun Luo shook her head. "I have never been to the Xuanming Cave, and this is my first time here. How would I know? I guess it should be somewhere in the core area. "
"Since you have never been here, how do you know about the Xuanming Cave?" Meng Chong stared at Yun Luo with a complicated expression.
Yun Luo blinked and said, "I won't tell you!"
This sentence again …
Hearing this, Meng Chong almost went berserk. He almost fought with Yun Luo!
In the end, he suppressed the anger in his heart and sighed deeply. "Let's take it one step at a time! If it doesn't work, we will go directly to the core area. If we are lucky enough, we might be able to obtain a greater opportunity! "
Everyone was silent. At this point, they really did not have any other choice.
However, at this time, everyone's mentality was relatively calm. In any case, they were ready to go all out. This was also the so-called 'take things as they come.' If they were all buried here in the end, then it would be because their luck was not enough!

Chapter 640
The rumors weren't wrong. The Xuanming Diablo Ray was indeed emitted from the core area. To be exact, it was emitted from the red dot!
As the fog rose and covered the Xuanming Diablo Ray, the Xuanming Diablo Ray in the entire Xuanming Cave was weakened. Therefore, many creatures in the Tower of Sin had the opportunity to enter the Xuanming Cave.
But now, as everyone slowly approached the red dot, the Xuanming Diablo Ray became stronger and stronger. The threat to everyone was also increasing!
Because of the fog, they could barely resist it. But as they got closer to the red dot, the Xuanming Diablo Ray's power would increase. How could they resist it then?
When this question appeared, everyone's footsteps began to hesitate again …
Previously, they thought that there could be no construction without destruction. At most, they would advance towards the core area. Maybe they would have a chance to escape!
But now, they understood that they were advancing on a path of no return. Not to mention the powerful existence in the core area, just the Xuanming Diablo Ray alone was enough to kill them all!
"I'm not going! If I go any further, I'll definitely die. The Xuanming Diablo Ray alone can kill me! "Xue Luotian sat down on the ground.
Everyone stopped. Although Xue Luotian was a bit timid, he was right. No one here could resist the Xuanming Diablo Ray …
At this time, Yun Luo glanced at Xue Luotian indifferently. Perhaps she was also a bit tired. She gently rolled up her long skirt and sat beside Luo Zheng, murmuring, "It's the same whether we go or not."
"What do you mean?" Meng Chong asked.
Yun Luo hugged her knees and said indifferently, "You'll know in a while."
Meng Chong was also used to Yun Luo's inexplicable temper and didn't continue to ask. Everyone had been rushing for half a day and temporarily rested here.
Ling Yan took out a bottle of water from her Sumeru Ring and drank it. Everyone also took the opportunity to rest.
But without resting for a moment, the corner of Zhao Fenqin's mouth trembled. He continued to point to the sky and said, "That, that red dot seems to be getting bigger …"
Everyone looked up. Sure enough! Even though they didn't move, the red dot was still getting bigger!
"What, what's going on?" Xue Luotian covered his head, his face full of despair.
Thinking of what Yun Luo had just said, Meng Chong stared at her and said coldly, "You already knew?"
Yun Luo nodded seriously. "That's right. Even if we don't move, we'll still be dragged by the Space Laws …"
Only now did everyone understand that this fog was a huge quicksand trap! As long as one took a step into this trap, they would not be able to leave. No matter how much they struggled, it would be useless. And the more they struggled, the faster they would fall!
This discovery once again dragged everyone to the bottom of the valley.
Looking at Yun Luo's calm face, Meng Chong suddenly raised his eyebrows. "Why aren't you afraid?"
Xun said coldly, "Of course she's not afraid!"
"Why? Does she have a way to protect herself? "Meng Chong asked again.
Xun couldn't be bothered to answer Meng Chong. What she wanted to say was that Yun Luo was just a doppelganger, and one of the million doppelgangers. Even if one of them died, it would be an insignificant loss to Yun Luo!
After the repairs were done, Ling Yan then said: "Let's continue on our way!"
Everyone continued to move forward in silence. However, not long after, something that hadn't been there before finally appeared in front of them. Some white things were scattered in front of them!
When everyone got closer to take a look, they saw that they were skeletons! The skeletons were scattered all over the place …
"These are … human skeletons!" Zhao Fenqin exclaimed.
Zhou Zhuohe also lowered his head and reached out to grab a skeleton. However, just as his fingers touched the skeleton, the skeleton turned into a pile of powder and scattered on the ground!
"These skeletons have been here for who knows how many years. When I touched them, they turned into powder," Zhou Zhuohe said, shaking his head.
As everyone continued to move forward, more and more skeletons appeared on the ground. The road ahead was no longer flat. Instead, it was a huge sunken pit.
At that moment, Yun Luo's eyes emitted a strange light. Then, she placed her slender index finger on her lips. That was something to keep quiet.
Although Yun Luo was often crazy, she still understood the Xuanming Cave better than anyone else. When Yun Luo asked everyone to keep quiet, no one said a word. Their faces were full of vigilance as they carefully looked at Yun Luo.
Her face was expressionless as she walked toward the center of the huge pit filled with white bones!
Along the way, the skeletons that her wooden clogs touched all turned into a pile of powder and scattered on the ground …
This huge pit was a huge pit filled with skeletons! Countless skeletons were buried here. There were especially many skeletons at the bottom of this huge pit. The skeletons were even piled up into a small mountain that was several feet high.
When Yun Luo stepped on her wooden clogs and carefully walked to the front of the small mountain of skeletons, everyone became even more nervous. Who knew what kind of demon was hidden in these skeletons! After all, this was the core area! Furthermore, everyone had been walking for so long. This was probably the core of the core area. It wouldn't be strange if there were even more powerful demons!
At that moment, Yun Luo took a deep breath and suddenly used the power of the Law of Wind. Then, she blew a breath toward the small mountain of skeletons in front of her.
It was just a breath, but because it contained a strong power of the Law of Wind, this breath turned into a gust of wind!
These skeletons had been here for who knew how many years. When this gust of wind blew, the small mountain of skeletons instantly turned into dust and was blown away by Yun Luo!
The entire pit of skeletons was instantly covered by fine white dust. Yun Luo's figure was covered by it. No one could see her …
After a while, the dust settled and Yun Luo's figure was slowly revealed. Everyone saw a corpse in front of Yun Luo. It was a dried corpse!
This dried corpse was sitting cross-legged and maintained a state of cultivation. Unlike the skeletons, this dried corpse was still in perfect condition after so many years. They could even recognize this dried corpse's appearance!
Soon, a shocking scene occurred. Yun Luo stretched out her hand and hugged the dried corpse. Then, Yun Luo said softly, "I found you …"
"What is she doing?" Luo Zheng stared at Yun Luo and asked.
Xun looked coldly at Yun Luo and said, "If I'm not wrong, that's the Realm Lord of your human race's Righteous Sun Realm. He's also Yun Luo's brother."
"So Yun Luo's brother also died here." Luo Zheng nodded.
Hearing the conversation between Xun and Luo Zheng, Meng Chong, Ling Yan, and the others' eyes flashed slightly. Figures of the Realm Lord Realm … To them, they were too far away. It was also very difficult for those great figures of the Upper Realm to cast their gazes on the Sea God Continent. However, since this mummy was a Realm Lord expert, then how astonishing would the treasures he left behind on his body be?
Thinking of this, Meng Chong and the others' eyes burned with passion!
Although they knew it would be difficult for them to leave this place, it was up to the heavens to plan. If they left and missed this opportunity, wouldn't they regret it for the rest of their lives?
Thinking of this, Meng Chong took a step forward and rushed towards the bottom of the pit.
At this time, Yun Luo was taking a bracelet from the dried corpse. At the end of the bracelet was a golden skylark.
"Sumeru bracelet?" Refiners could make items from the sumeru space into any shape. It could be a ring or a bracelet. Meng Chong's expression changed. Just as he was about to grab it, Yun Luo indifferently turned her head and said, "If you want to leave this fog, I advise you not to."
At this time, everyone walked down the pit. Since Meng Chong wanted to make a move, Ling Yan and the others were naturally on guard. After all, Yun Luo belonged to the human side.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, everyone's eyes twitched. Meng Chong asked in a deep voice, "You mean, you have a way out of this fog?"
Yun Luo didn't answer Meng Chong's question. Instead, she carefully put away the bracelet with an expressionless face. Then, she took out a yellow talisman from her Sumeru Ring and gently stuck it on the corpse's chest. With a gentle pat, the corpse suddenly opened its eyes!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 641
The withered corpse opened its eyes, giving everyone a fright.
Especially Meng Chong, who was closest to Yun Luo. It was as if he was bitten by a poisonous snake. He retreated seven or eight steps and stared at the corpse with vigilance.
He was a sector lord after all. When he was alive, his strength was enough to control a large realm! Even if he died here and only a corpse was left, the moment he opened his eyes, it still made people tremble with fear!
Yun Luo glanced at Meng Chong and said, "There wasn't before, but now there is."
Everyone carefully stared at the corpse. They were afraid that the corpse could come back to life. The strength of a sector lord wasn't something they could imagine. Even if they only had a ten thousandth of their strength, they could still kill everyone!
However, other than being vigilant, many people were like Meng Chong. Their eyes revealed a trace of greed!
No matter what this mummy's identity was, the secret it contained was a great opportunity for everyone. Not to mention the value of this mummy, just the Skylark Bracelet that Yun Luo had just taken away was unimaginable.
Although they were tempted, everyone still had a trace of rationality. Yun Luo's understanding of the Mysterious Underworld Cave was greater than everyone else. Also, she said that she had a way to leave this place.
Although opportunities were important, their lives were more important. No matter what, they had to leave this damned fog first. Otherwise, no matter how good the treasure was, they wouldn't have the life to enjoy it!
Luo Zheng's thoughts were different from others. He was just curious and asked, "Since Yun Luo already knew that her brother died here, why did she wait until now to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave?"
According to what Luo Zheng knew, Yun Luo had been in the Sin Tower for a long time. If her goal was only to take her brother's items, she didn't need to wait until now to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. After all, there was a chance to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave every year.
Xun shook her head and said, "I'm not sure." Then she tilted her head and thought for a bit before saying, "Maybe it's because of you."
"Because of me?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"I am only guessing. She has been following you closely since the beginning of this trip to the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Her goal should not be to obtain her brother's remains. She should have other goals." Xun blinked and said, "That fellow called Tian Miao gave you a jade butterfly. He may have his own goals. If you find that inheritance, you will need to act according to circumstances. He … may not be a good person."
What Xun said was just a guess. From Xun's point of view, the human race was an extremely large race in the upper world. They controlled many more worlds than the Yao Ye clan. Moreover, the human race was not united. From Xun's point of view, what happened in the Xuanming Cave was likely an internal conflict among the human race. It did not involve other races.
Xun only had one goal, and that was for Luo Zheng to grow quickly so that she could return to the Yao Ye clan one day. As such, she did not want Luo Zheng to become a sacrifice for the internal conflict of the human race.
Luo Zheng nodded. Although Tian Miao was only a soul that was struggling at death's door, he had his own goals. When the time came, Luo Zheng would have to make a choice. Xun's reminder was not wrong.
Not long after, Yun Luo put the corpse into the Sumeru Space. The Sumeru Space was different from the Spirit Space. Living things could not be stored in the Sumeru Space. If it was forcibly taken in, it would be rejected by the Sumeru Space. However, if weak living things were taken in, they would be directly obliterated.
After collecting the corpse, Yun Luo took out the bracelet again. She bit her slender white finger and squeezed out a drop of blood from her fingertip, dripping it on the small golden skylark at the end of the bracelet.
The drop of blood quickly seeped into the skylark.
Everyone's eyes were fixed on the bracelet. Of course, they knew that Yun Luo was refining the bracelet, especially Meng Chong, Tian Hu, Xue Luotian, and the others. They all wanted to know what kind of amazing treasure was in the bracelet if there was really a Sumeru Space in it! Any one of the treasures of such a powerful expert would benefit them immensely!
After Yun Luo refined the bracelet, she gently touched the skylark with her finger and took out something from the bracelet.
Everyone's eyes were burning. There was indeed something in the bracelet!
Yun Luo was holding something that looked like a crab in her hand. Below the crab was a long metal chain, which looked like a small pendant.
Yun Luo slowly climbed up from the bottom of the pit and walked towards Luo Zheng.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng stared at Yun Luo and asked.
"Don't move." Yun Luo walked in front of Luo Zheng, then pulled the metal chain and put it on Luo Zheng's head.
After hanging the crab on Luo Zheng's chest, she didn't explain much and just said, "I'll give it to you." Then she sniffed at Luo Zheng, turned her head, and continued to walk forward!
Everyone was completely confused. Yun Luo's actions were too strange, and they couldn't figure it out at all …
They didn't ask much. Since Yun Luo gave them a glimmer of hope, it was better to follow her obediently at this time.
Yun Luo walked in front, Luo Zheng and the others followed behind, and Meng Chong followed closely at the back.
The road before was very desolate. As they got closer and closer to the red dot in the sky, more and more strange things appeared around them.
Not long after they walked past the big pit, a huge sword was stuck in the ground not far from them!
The huge sword of the Demon Blood Emperor that Luo Zheng took away from the Trial Takers' Road was already big enough, but compared to this huge sword in front of them, it paled in comparison.
The huge sword in front of them was hundreds of feet high, taller than some medium-sized mountains. Looking up, they couldn't see the hilt of the sword under the cover of the fog …
Such a huge sword, even the Giant Tribe couldn't wield it. They didn't know what kind of person could drive this huge sword.
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Meng Chong, and the others were all interested in this sword …
Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin originally wanted to use the sumeru ring to take away this sword, but they quickly discovered that this was a futile action. Even if their sumeru space could accommodate this huge sword, this huge sword still didn't move in the slightest.
As for Meng Chong, he was even more straightforward. He directly flew up and stood on the hilt of the huge sword. He hugged the hilt with both hands, trying to pull the huge sword out of the ground.
"Ha!"
Meng Chong shouted. The Demon Race was originally much stronger than the other races. Almost all of them were born with divine strength. Moreover, Meng Chong had just swallowed the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit. His cultivation had soared, and the astral essence in his body suddenly erupted. With such a violent strength, even a small mountain would be lifted up by him!
But no matter how hard he tried, the huge sword still didn't move.
Finally, Meng Chong could only resentfully jump down from the huge sword.
"This huge sword can't be taken away!" Meng Chong glared and walked to the side with his hands behind his back. To enter a treasure mountain and return empty-handed, this was indeed a depressing matter!
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng walked towards the giant sword on his own.
"Humph, you think you can pull out this sword?" Meng Chong sneered.
Zhao Fenqin also reminded, "Luo Zheng, the weight of this sword is immeasurable. Even if your strength is different from an ordinary person's, you still won't be able to pull it out."
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Who said I'm going to pull out this sword?"
As soon as he said this, Yun Luo immediately understood what Luo Zheng wanted to do. Xun agreed. "This sword is already ownerless. Since we can't take it away, it's not a pity to smelt it."
"Smelt?" Xue Luotian narrowed his eyes and smiled. "It's not that easy to smelt this sword!"
"This thing from the Upper Realm has stood here for countless years. The power contained in this huge sword is far beyond their imagination. Even if all the refiners in the world were invited here, I'm afraid they wouldn't be able to smelt it …" Zhou Zhuohe could only shake his head and say.
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He walked to the side of the huge sword and sat down cross-legged. The black fire in his mind had been displayed in front of everyone. Luo Zheng didn't need to avoid it. His eyes flashed, and the black fire in his mind had already spiraled out and rushed towards the huge sword!

Chapter 642
It wasn't just Meng Chong. Even Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan were shocked when they saw this scene.
Previously, when Luo Zheng's black fire erupted, it could be said to be indestructible. Even the giant toad's tongue was burned by Luo Zheng's strange flames.
However, no matter how powerful the giant toad was, it was still made of flesh and blood. It was not particularly unacceptable that Luo Zheng's black fire could burn the giant toad's tongue. However, this giant sword in front of them had definitely surpassed the existence of a divine artifact!
It might even be a legendary divine artifact!
Although they could not be sure, their guesses were not far from the truth. In the end, Luo Zheng's black fire appeared and burned it just like that? And the speed of smelting was so fast?
Ling Yan and the rest thought it was fast, but Luo Zheng thought it was slow.
Previously, when the black fire burned any weapon, it only needed a light flick to burn away all the impurities in the weapon. However, this giant sword was different. After the black fire burned it back and forth two or three times, it gradually melted. At the same time, the Heaven's Divination Essence flowed toward Luo Zheng like spring water!
"So much Heaven's Divination Essence!"
"How much would it be if it was used to refine weapons …" Zhao Fenqin sighed.
However, there were no weapon refiners present. Although the Heaven's Divination Essence was rare, it was not very useful to ordinary people.
As Luo Zheng continued to smelt, the black fire slowly burned a small hole in the bottom of the giant sword. Then, the small hole became a large hole. Finally, the bottom half of the giant sword was directly burned off by Luo Zheng!
The moment the giant sword broke, the top half fell with a loud crash and heavily smashed into the ground, causing the entire ground to cave in …
Luo Zheng did not look sideways. He continued to focus on smelting the giant sword. The Heaven's Divination Essence produced by this giant sword was equivalent to millions of immortal weapons! The Heaven's Divination Essence flowed toward Luo Zheng like a flood, and Luo Zheng collected it one by one.
As Luo Zheng's strength increased, the power of the dragon scales became more and more important. When used at a critical moment, it could often produce miraculous effects.
Now that Luo Zheng had opened the Baihui Stage and refined his body, his physique had improved further. With his current physique, he could naturally withstand more power.
While smelting the huge sword, Luo Zheng suddenly asked Qinglong in his mind, "What will happen if all the dragon scales are lit?"
Back then, Luo Zheng had only lit up a few dragon scales. He had never thought that he would be able to light up all the dragon scales. After all, based on Luo Zheng's experience, lighting up all the dragon scales would probably require tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Heaven Amplification Essence. Where could he get so much Heaven Amplification Essence?
Now, Luo Zheng understood that the Heaven's Derivation Essence contained in a Sacred Artifact was countless times more than an Immortal Artifact. In this way, Luo Zheng really had the possibility of lighting up all the dragon scales in the future.
Qinglong smiled faintly and heard him say, "If I light up all the dragon scales, I will be able to reconstruct the Heaven's Amplification Body."
"Heaven's Amplification Body?"
Qinglong then sighed faintly. "When you lit up the dragon scales, I also did not think that you would be able to grow to this day. The essence of the nine of us brothers has been suppressed under this furnace. Our physical bodies have been completely destroyed. The Heaven's Amplification Essence is derived from the understanding of the Heavenly Dao that a weapon refiner has of the Heavenly Dao. If we can reconstruct our bodies, I'm afraid that we will really be able to see the sun …"
Qinglong's words contained a trace of very complicated emotions. Reconstructing a True Dragon's body was something that Qinglong had not even dared to think about. However, later on, Qinglong had guessed that Luo Zheng's fate was to fight for the Great Era. The possibility of that happening was much higher.
As Luo Zheng continued to grow, this possibility became more and more real. Now, it seemed that even if Luo Zheng could help the nine brothers reconstruct their bodies, it was not impossible!
How could Qinglong not be filled with emotions?
"Luo Zheng, thank you!" Qinglong said faintly.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "You don't have to thank me, do you? I also need to borrow the power of the dragon scales. Moreover, I don't know when I will be able to light up all your dragon scales. "
"Hehe, it may not be a matter of time." Qinglong understood that Luo Zheng now had the potential to soar. As long as he did not die, it would not be difficult for him to obtain the Heaven's Amplification Essence in the future. When that time came, it would not be difficult for him to light up all the dragon scales of the other eight True Dragons, let alone Qinglong's dragon scales!
At this moment, a voice floated into Luo Zheng's mind. "Luo Zheng, you helped Old Nine light up so many dragon scales. You have to help me too!"
The one who spoke was Old Seven, the red dragon.
Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "There's no hurry. I will help you after I help Qinglong light up all his dragon scales!"
The red dragon was naturally joking. If Luo Zheng could light up Qinglong's dragon scales first and help Qinglong reconstruct his Heaven's Amplification Body, Qinglong would be able to recover all his strength! Although Old Nine was the weakest of the nine dragons, he was still a genuine Superior Divine Beast. When the time came, he would be a great help to Luo Zheng …
Now that there was a delay, it was obvious that he had to help Qinglong first.
Under the spread of the black fire, the giant sword was refined little by little and then stored in Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring.
In everyone's mind, this giant sword was already comparable to a Divine Weapon. It was indeed a bit wasteful for Luo Zheng to refine it into Heaven's Amplification Essence. However, there was no other way. No one could take this giant sword away. They could only watch Luo Zheng destroy this sword.
About an hour later, Luo Zhengcai finished smelting this huge sword. Only then did he get up in satisfaction, and said to Ling Yan and the others: "Everyone, we can set out."
Yun Luo glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said nothing.
Then everyone continued to move forward.
Along the way, they could see skeletons and pits everywhere. Everywhere was full of potholes. Even looking at the devastated ground, they could understand how fierce the battle was. God knew how many powerful warriors had died in this battle!
Even for those skeletons that turned into ashes upon contact, their original owners were probably much more powerful than the Spirit Sea Realm warriors.
As for Meng Chong, Tianhu, Xue Luotian, and the others, their eyes were wide open as they looked around for opportunities. As long as they saw something unusual, they would rush forward to explore it. Since they had come to the core area and Yun Luo had promised to take them out, wouldn't it be wonderful if they could find some opportunities?
However, what disappointed Meng Chong and the others was that after searching for a long time, they didn't find anything decent. They did find a few magic weapons, but they were basically incomplete. Broken weapons and magic weapons could easily dissipate the Heaven's Amplification Essence, causing the weapon to lose its spirituality and become a piece of scrap iron.
As a result, they had become garbage collectors. They didn't find anything good, but collected a lot of garbage!
While they were searching and advancing, everyone finally felt a change!
The Xuanming Death Ray was getting stronger and stronger!
The red dot in the sky was now the size of a car wheel. Although there were layers of fog blocking it, the Xuanming Death Ray still increased the pressure on everyone's Protective Ethereal Force.
Although everyone's Protective Ethereal Force could withstand it, it was being consumed faster and faster. In just a short while, Zhao Fenqin had taken out two top-grade Ethereal Stones, crushed them, and absorbed the Ethereal Force inside to replenish his Protective Ethereal Force.
As for Meng Chong and Tianhu, it was even more troublesome. They walked the path of body refinement and relied on Vital Essence to protect their bodies. However, Vital Essence couldn't be replenished by Ethereal Stones. It could only be produced by their bodies bit by bit!
At first, it was okay. The Xuanming Death Ray didn't put much pressure on them and consumed very little Protective Ethereal Force. At that time, Meng Chong and Tianhu could barely withstand it with their strong bodies. They didn't need Vital Essence to protect themselves.
As they got closer and closer to the red dot, the Xuanming Death Ray became stronger and stronger. The two of them had to use Vital Essence to protect themselves.
However, they weren't too anxious about using Vital Essence to protect themselves. After all, the consumption of Vital Essence couldn't keep up with the constant production of Vital Essence in their bodies.
But now, it was very troublesome. The consumption of Vital Essence had greatly increased, and they couldn't replenish their Vital Essence.
Once their Vital Essence was exhausted, their bodies would have to face the increasingly intense Xuanming Death Ray.

Chapter 643
Meng Chong and Tianhu were not fools. They realized that the situation was getting worse and worse.
Meng Chong's expression suddenly turned cold as he shouted, "Stop!"
Luo Zheng looked back at Meng Chong and asked, "What's the matter?"
"We can't go any further," Meng Chong said.
In fact, Meng Chong and Tianhu were not the only ones facing this problem. It was only because they cultivated vital essence that the problem was more prominent.
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan cultivated the vital essence system. Although they could use vital essence stones to replenish their vital essence, as their protective vital essence was being consumed faster and faster, their vital essence stones were also being consumed faster and faster. It was hard to say how long they could hold on.
At this time, Zhao Fenqin also said, "Yes, Luo Zheng, if we continue to move forward, I'm afraid we can't withstand the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray!"
Who knew that Xun would sneer and say, "Didn't I just say it? In this fog, even if you don't move, you will be dragged closer to the red dot! "
Xun's words made everyone even more panicked. The closer they got to the red dot, the stronger the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray became. What should they do? If they really got close to the core, without the obstruction of the fog, they would be directly hit by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
Everyone looked at Yun Luo at the same time …
Yun Luo glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said, "Luo Zheng, pour vital essence into that thing on your chest."
Just now, when Yun Luo hung this crab-like thing on Luo Zheng's chest, everyone felt it was quite strange. Now that Luo Zheng suddenly mentioned it, everyone looked at the crab …
"What's the use of this crab?"
"It looks like a treasure …"
"This thing can protect us?"
Luo Zheng did not know why, but since Yun Luo said so, he would naturally do as she said. After all, from Yun Luo's tone, she seemed to be quite confident in leading everyone out of this fog. Then, she should also be confident in resisting the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
Then, Luo Zheng raised his hand and poured vital essence into the crab on his chest.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The crab on Luo Zheng's chest suddenly emitted an orange-yellow beam of light, which quickly spread to the surroundings, covering an area of twenty feet.
When the light barrier spread out, it enveloped everyone within it as well. At this moment, Meng Chong and the others instantly felt the pressure from the Netherezim Diadem lessen greatly!
"This thing is actually a divine artifact that can block the Profound Underworld Death Ray!"
"It seems that Yun Luo really has a way!"
"But why did she give it to Luo Zheng?"
Yun Luo's method worked, and it immediately gave everyone a strong sense of confidence. She did have a way to deal with the trouble in the core area, so the possibility of leading everyone out was much higher.
At this moment, Meng Chong's eyes flashed and he quickly approached Luo Zheng …
"What are you doing?" Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and Zhou Zhuohe immediately blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
Although both sides were at peace for the time being, it didn't mean that they weren't on guard against each other.
Meng Chong frowned and said, "I want to get closer to Luo Zheng!"
"Why?" Xun sneered. She saw through Meng Chong's intention at a glance.
As everyone got closer and closer to the red dot, the power of the Profound Underworld Death Ray became stronger and stronger. After all, the two sides were enemies and not friends. If Luo Zheng shook off Meng Chong, Tianhu, and the three people from the Night Clan, wouldn't they be instantly killed by the Profound Underworld Death Ray?
Meng Chong wouldn't let himself fall into such a passive situation …
In his mind, if he couldn't get out of the fog, then he would definitely drag Luo Zheng down with him. If he could get out of the fog, then both sides would rely on their own abilities!
"No reason. If you don't agree, then I'll do it now." Meng Chong's body flickered with a black aura, and the pair of black wings on his back rose again.
After only a few hours of peace, the two sides were ready to fight again!
Luo Zheng stared at Meng Chong and sneered, "It's not a wise choice to fight here!"
"I know." Meng Chong nodded. "But soon, I'm afraid I won't even have the right to fight! Unless you agree to my conditions! "
"Lord Meng Chong is right. If we get close to the Profound Underworld Death Ray, Luo Zheng will remove the light shield and we'll be dead!" Xue Luotian echoed. The other two peak war reverends of the Night Clan and Tianhu also nodded in agreement.
"Then what do you think we should do?" Luo Zheng asked.
Meng Chong stared at Luo Zheng and smiled, "It's very simple. You just have to walk with us!"
If Luo Zheng was held hostage, they would be safer.
"What if I don't agree?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Meng Chong shook his head and said, "Then it's a bit troublesome. I'm afraid we'll have to fight now!"
At this time, Yun Luo walked over and said faintly, "Luo Zheng, walk with me." Then Yun Luo pointed at Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin and the others. "You, go with them!"
Luo Zheng and Yun Luo moved in front, and the rest of the people moved together. If Luo Zheng escaped, not only would Meng Chong and the others die, but Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan and the others would also be killed by the Profound Underworld Death Ray.
This proposal was not a bad idea. Meng Chong pondered for a moment and seemed to want to bargain, but Yun Luo said, "If you don't accept this proposal, you don't have to go out."
Yun Luo's threat was very effective. At least her proposal could ensure the safety of Meng Chong and the others to a certain extent.
Just after everyone made a decision, Xue Luotian's expression suddenly changed. He narrowed his eyes and looked in a certain direction. Then he operated his Protective Zhen Yuan and rushed out of the orange light shield!
His Protective Zhen Yuan could still resist the Profound Underworld Death Ray, but everyone was puzzled. What on earth attracted Xue Luotian to run out? Could it be that he had found another opportunity?
Along the way, they had picked up a bunch of random things, but there was not a single useful thing. Maybe it was just some junk, so no one cared.
They saw Xue Luotian rush to a small hillside next to them. On the hillside, there was a bright green plant. The plant only had two leaves, but the two emerald leaves were blooming with a dark green light!
Everyone also saw that plant. Meng Chong's thoughts moved, and he sneered. No matter what this guy discovered, it would ultimately fall into his hands. As for Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin, their expressions also appeared to be moved. That plant was clearly not some ordinary object!
But at this time, Yun Luo's puppet-like face suddenly changed. Then she hurriedly urged Luo Zheng, "Go! Go quickly! "
"What …" Luo Zheng did not have time to ask before Yun Luo dragged Luo Zheng and ran wildly!
As soon as Luo Zheng left, the orange-yellow light shield also moved quickly. Everyone was uncertain when they saw Yun Luo, who had always been calm, had such a bad expression. What's more, this was the Ominous Land of the Ominous Land. Who would want to stay? In an instant, they chased into the light shield and kept running.
But just as everyone rushed out, Xue Luotian had already walked to the side of the Divine Artifact plant. He stretched out his hand to pick the plant, but at this moment, the plant suddenly grew taller. A small flower bud quickly grew in the middle of the two leaves, and the flower bud bloomed in an instant!
When the flower bud bloomed, what bloomed was not a flower, but an extremely strange face. The strange face suddenly let out a sharp roar at Xue Luotian. Everyone watched as Xue Luotian's Protective Zhen Yuan collapsed in an instant. Then the skin on the surface of his body disappeared, revealing the bright red flesh inside. Soon, the flesh continued to collapse, revealing the eerie white bones …
Then the white bones also dissipated, leaving only a few pieces of clothing floating on the ground.
"What the hell is this …" Looking at Xue Luotian's miserable state, even Meng Chong felt his scalp tingle.
Zhao Fenqin shook his head, "Who knows? Anyway, there are all kinds of things in here!"
"But that thing has no hands or feet. It shouldn't chase after us, right?" Zhou Zhuohe asked.
Yun Luo did not answer. She just ran ahead with Luo Zheng …
Just as Zhou Zhuohe's voice fell, a touch of green appeared in front of everyone. Everyone glanced at it. The green branches and leaves were exactly the same as the previous one. It had clearly just emerged from the ground!
Only then did everyone understand why Yun Luo had dragged Luo Zheng away. These creatures did not have hands or feet, but they were able to travel underground!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 644
They watched as the plant rapidly grew and instantly formed a flower bud. That flower bud was unfolding at a visible speed!
"Go to hell!"
Meng Chong threw a punch.
The surging fist aura directly enveloped the plant and exploded with a muffled sound. Smoke and dust billowed!
When the smoke and dust dissipated, the plant was unscathed! The flower bud was still blooming and a ghost face was about to form from it!
"Quick, quick, quick! Fly up! "Zhao Fenqin urged.
Luo Zheng's mind was also highly concentrated. When he heard Zhao Fenqin's words, he instantly flew up. As for the orange-yellow light barrier, it turned into a circular protective barrier, enveloping everyone inside!
However, what made everyone speechless was that after they flew up, the emerald green plant also continued to grow. Its growth speed was actually not slower than their flying speed!
"Charge! Forward! "
Zhou Zhuohe roared. Everyone also pushed their speed to the limit. By the time the flower bud fully opened and revealed the ghost face, everyone had already rushed out quite a distance. Hearing a scream from behind, everyone felt a lingering fear.
"On the ground! Quickly look! "A peak war reverent from the Night Clan said with a face full of fear.
On the ground in front of everyone, little green dots began to appear. Clearly, every little green dot was a plant … or it could be said that there was only one plant, but its main body was buried deep underground. At this time, its roots were continuously spreading underground!
"We can only brace ourselves and rush over!" Luo Zheng said, "Everyone, try to increase your speed! Follow me! "
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the vital essence in his body suddenly erupted. His entire body turned into a thin line and rapidly shuttled through the layers of fog. His speed suddenly increased by 30%!
When everyone saw Luo Zheng increase his speed, they naturally had to keep up with Luo Zheng's light barrier. Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe looked at each other. Their true essence merged together and formed a gray shadow. Their speed was barely able to keep up with Luo Zheng's speed.
Yun Luo did not use any secret technique. She maintained a relatively balanced speed and followed beside Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng was fast, her speed was fast. If Luo Zheng was slow, her speed was slow too.
Meng Chong grabbed Heaven Tiger and flapped the black wings on his back as he followed closely behind Luo Zheng. No matter what, his biggest goal was not to let Luo Zheng shake him off.
Ling Yan's speed was not slow either. She and the other two peak war reverends of the Night Demon Clan flashed with a faint white light as they followed closely behind Meng Chong and the others.
However, the two people from the Night Clan were in a more miserable state. The Night Clan was good at stealth and concealment, but they were not suitable for such high-speed movements. At the beginning, they might have been able to keep up with this speed, but when everyone burst out at the same time, the two of them were thrown out of the range of the light barrier!
"Wait, wait for us …"
"Help!"
The two peak war reverends of the Night Clan wailed from behind.
But at this time, who would care about them? What's more, the current crisis was caused by Xue Luotian of the Night Clan. Even if they did not die, if everyone could escape from this danger and escape, Meng Chong would personally kill them!
The two peak war reverends were quickly surrounded by the green plants. Then, they heard shrill screams from behind. Without looking back, everyone knew what happened to the two!
At this time, everyone was still unable to escape from the danger in front of them. The speed of the plants moving underground was astonishing. While everyone maintained such a high speed, there were still small green dots appearing on the ground on both sides!
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn …
Zhao Fenqin and the others had already replenished several true essence stones. Even Luo Zheng had crushed two true essence stones and absorbed the true essence within.
Finally, they could no longer see the small green dots on the ground …
Everyone's hearts gradually calmed down. To be able to escape the pursuit of the demons in the core area, everyone felt somewhat fortunate.
Everyone was extremely tired. Only Xun hugged her spear with a relaxed expression. She had the body of a sword spirit and was almost weightless. Luo Zheng was completely dragging her as he flew …
"Rest, rest for a while." Everyone landed and Zhao Fenqin sat down on the ground.
Ling Yan stood straight and stared straight ahead. She coldly said, "I'm afraid there's no chance for you to rest!"
Everyone looked up and realized that the small red dot was not far in front of them …
At this time, it could no longer be described as a small red dot!
In front of everyone was a giant beast, a giant beast that was sleeping!
Everyone found it difficult to describe the size of this giant beast because several li in front of them was a giant pit. To this giant beast, it was a giant pit, but to the humans, demons, and the Demon Night Clan, it was a bottomless abyss!
The giant beast's skin was completely black and only its head was exposed from the abyss. But just its head alone was the size of ten mountains! Even when it was sleeping, two fangs were still exposed.
If one had to compare, the height of those two fangs was about the size of a mountain! As for that small red dot, it was actually a red circle of light emitted from the top of this monster's head.
"What, what kind of monster is this …"
"Is this a super divine beast? I've never seen such a huge thing before! "
"Such a huge monster is actually sleeping under our Sea God's Continent. If it wakes up, won't it overturn the entire Sea God's Continent?"
Everyone tried to lower their voices as much as possible.
Hearing their cautious tone, Xun suddenly giggled and said loudly, "What are you afraid of?"
"Shh —"
"Shh!"
Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan, and the others immediately made a shushing gesture, indicating for Xun to lower her voice.
Xun slightly smiled and said, "If that thing was so easily woken up, your Sea God's Continent would have disappeared long ago!"
Yun Luo then said, "Yes, it won't be so easily woken up."
"What the hell is this thing?" Meng Chong asked with a complicated expression. Meng Chong's original goal was to kill Luo Zheng but now that the situation had developed to this point, let alone control it, he couldn't even understand it!
When did such a thing appear under the Sea God's Continent?
Such a powerful thing shouldn't exist in this world … if this thing wakes up one day, then the Twin Demon Holy Land would just be a joke.
Yun Luo tugged at Luo Zheng and said, "Let's continue forward!"
After walking here, the fog gradually thinned and the red circle of light above the monster's head kept shooting out Xuanming Death Ray!
This intensity of the Xuanming Death Ray's power had already reached its peak. At this time, as long as everyone walked out of the orange light cover, they would probably be shot to death by the Xuanming Death Ray in an instant.
When Luo Zheng moved, everyone immediately followed. The surroundings were all bright red. No one wanted to be shot to death by the Xuanming Death Ray. Almost like an instinctive reaction, they all moved closer to Luo Zheng. Even Meng Chong couldn't help but squeeze towards Luo Zheng's side …
"Yun Luo, what the hell is this thing? Is this a divine beast? Or a super divine beast? "Ling Yan couldn't help but ask.
Indeed, this unexpected exploration made Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Meng Chong, and the others feel a sense of crisis!
Yun Luo said faintly, "This is neither a divine beast nor a super divine beast. It's called the Vicious Scorpion, a type of vicious beast. It's the watchdog of hell."
"The watchdog of hell?" Everyone suddenly sucked in a breath of cold air.
Hell only existed in ancient books and myths. Whether it really existed or not was still unknown. Hearing Yun Luo's words, everyone was naturally surprised. Ling Yan immediately asked, "Does hell really exist?"
Yun Luo still kept walking forward, but she shook her head and answered ambiguously, "Hell may exist …"
What did she mean by "may exist"? Ling Yan also knew that Yun Luo was unwilling to answer her question. She also had no way to force Yun Luo to answer, but this answer at least sounded better than "I won't tell you."
"Where are we going now?" Luo Zheng stared at the huge vicious beast and asked.
"Forward," Yun Luo said faintly.
"But what's in front?" Luo Zheng asked. They couldn't walk into the abyss, right? Or maybe they could enter the mouth of this vicious beast?
Who knew that Yun Luo suddenly said, "Your jade butterfly will give you the answer!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed, "You know I have a jade butterfly?"

Chapter 645
The gray-white spiral in Yun Luo's pupils kept spinning. It was so clear that it looked like two snowflakes were embedded in it.
"Yes, of course I know," Yun Luo said softly.
"Then you also know why I'm here?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yun Luo nodded, then stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I know very well, but you're just an outsider who doesn't know the truth."
"An outsider?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"Tian Miao's luck is not bad. I didn't expect him to wait for so many years and be willing to sacrifice his chance of reincarnation. In the end, someone from the Battle of the Worlds came," Yun Luo said seriously. "But he didn't tell you the whole story."
"What's the whole story?" Luo Zheng asked. Luo Zheng was not clear about this matter. He didn't even know what the inheritance he was looking for was.
Yun Luo said lightly, "You have your own path, so I don't recommend you get involved in this situation."
"What kind of situation is this?" Luo Zheng asked. From Yun Luo's tone, he seemed to be involved in a big dispute after coming to the Xuanming Cave from the Central Domain. Now it seemed that Xun's guess was probably right. This dispute was most likely an internal dispute among the human race, and it was a dispute in the Upper Realm. Tian Miao and Yun Luo were definitely not on the same side! However, Luo Zheng didn't know the whole story!
Yun Luo sighed faintly and said, "It's a dead end."
Luo Zheng's face darkened, then he said, "Can you explain it clearly?"
"It's not easy to explain," Yun Luo shook her head and took two steps closer to Luo Zheng. She took a deep breath, then a rare smile appeared on her face. "But you've already come this far, so you're also a participant. I just hope that after you inherit that thing, you'll make the right decision and understand the path you should take!"
"Of course I know what path I should take," Luo Zheng said seriously.
No matter what the situation was, no matter what dispute he was in, Luo Zheng would walk on his own path firmly. He would not be easily swayed by others. Whether Taoist Tian Miao or Yun Luo wanted to use him, it would depend on whether their paths conflicted with his.
As for whether the forces they represented were right or wrong, it didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng.
"That's true." Yun Luo nodded. "Those who possess the Battle of the Worlds walk their own paths. Changing your path is as difficult as changing the trajectory of the stars. Perhaps entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave … was originally your path, and I have unknowingly become your guide."
Yun Luo's words were too mysterious. Even Luo Zheng himself didn't understand, let alone the others.
........ is...... is....... is......
As the saying goes, a mountain is close to a dead horse. The abyss and the beast didn't seem far away, but after a long time, they only managed to get a little closer. The beast lying on the other side of the abyss also seemed to be getting bigger and bigger. It was impossible to estimate the size of the beast just by looking at it!
After flying close to the ground for four hours, the group finally reached the edge of the abyss.
Standing on the edge of the abyss, they instantly felt incomparably small!
Rather than calling it an abyss, it would be better to call it a gap left in the earth. Even a kingdom would not be able to fill this gap. The giant beast was lying on the other side of the abyss. Its huge and bloated body was covered with sharp spikes. Its long body stretched from the edge of the abyss to the endless darkness of the abyss. It was impossible to see the length of the giant beast with one's eyes.
Although Yun Luo said that the Ominous Beast called Ominous Scorpion was the watchdog of Hell, Luo Zheng thought that it didn't look like a dog at all. Instead, it looked more like a creature like a dragon or a snake!
"This huge abyss, could it be the abyss that leads to Hell?" A trace of fear appeared in Meng Chong's eyes.
After Meng Chong became a Battle-Saint, he had a beautiful vision for his future. After becoming a Battle-Saint, he couldn't leave the Tower of Sin because the outside of the Tower of Sin was the cursed land. With his cultivation, he would definitely die if he stepped in!
Moreover, it was impossible to build a teleportation array in the Tower of Sin. In other words, Meng Chong couldn't leave the Tower of Sin and the Mysterious Underworld Cave for the rest of his life.
However, this wasn't too much of a problem for Meng Chong. As long as he could enter the Tower of Sin, his strength would continuously break through. Not only could he break through the Battle-Saint Realm, but he could also step into the Divine Sea Realm or even higher!
Once he had more strength, he could take all the opportunities in the Mysterious Underworld Cave for his own use. At that time, leaving the cursed land wouldn't be too difficult.
Unfortunately, Meng Chong still underestimated the Mysterious Underworld Cave. He realized that even if he was ten times or a hundred times stronger than a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, it would still be very difficult for him to walk through the core area, let alone take all the opportunities here!
Yun Luo shook her head and coldly said, "Everyone thinks that Hell is a place where ghosts and monsters live. In reality, the so-called Hell is just a door."
"A door? Then this is … "Meng Chong asked again.
Yun Luo answered Meng Chong's question, "If you want to know where this abyss leads, you can try jumping in."
Meng Chong's fist-sized eyes widened. Not to mention jumping into the abyss, they were all covered by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. If they left Luo Zheng's orange barrier, they would be instantly killed by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray …
"What do we do now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Take out the Jade Butterfly," Yun Luo ordered.
Luo Zheng took out the Jade Butterfly from his Sumeru Ring. When he took out the Jade Butterfly, the flames that bloomed scared everyone and they subconsciously dodged to the side.
However, the flames didn't affect Luo Zheng much. The Jade Butterfly in his hand was like a dancing fairy. Sparks flew out from it and it was very eye-catching.
"Then?" Luo Zheng grabbed the Jade Butterfly and asked again.
"Throw it down," Yun Luo said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's face showed hesitation. Tian Miao had carefully handed the Jade Butterfly to him, but he came here just to throw it down?
Seeing Luo Zheng's hesitation, Yun Luo blinked and said indifferently, "Do you know why Tian Miao didn't tell you anything?"
"Why?"
Luo Zheng was also puzzled by this question!
At that time, Tian Miao only gave the Jade Butterfly to Luo Zheng and told him to go to the bottom of the Sin Tower to obtain an important inheritance. Then, he only sent Luo Zheng to the Sea God Continent. He didn't tell him anything else!
How to obtain the inheritance, how to enter the core area, and how to use the Jade Butterfly was also not mentioned.
Even if Luo Zheng's luck was very strong, even if he was a genius, it was impossible for him to guess how to use the Jade Butterfly …
Yun Luo faintly smiled and turned to ask Meng Chong, "Your demon race once had a peak war reverend called 'Xiu Ye'?"
Hearing this name, Meng Chong and Tian Hu nodded at the same time. Although the person Yun Luo spoke of wasn't strong, he was very famous in the Twin Devil Holy Land. Not to mention Meng Chong, even Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Ling Yan had heard of this person.
This was because this peak war reverend called Xiu Ye had controlled the Sin Tower for over a hundred years!
Generally speaking, the peak war reverends in the Sin Tower would do their best to suppress their cultivation and wait until they had accumulated enough Light of Good Fortune before leaving the Sin Tower to break through. This way, the effect of breaking through bottlenecks was very good, so the peak war reverends who walked out of the Sin Tower had almost no bottlenecks in breaking through to the War Sage stage!
However, suppressing one's cultivation was not an easy task. If one's cultivation was suppressed for a long time, it was also possible for one to naturally break through. Therefore, many peak war reverends felt that they were about to break through and would take the initiative to leave the Sin Tower and leave the Cursed Lands.
However, there was an anomaly in the demon race, and that was Xiu Ye!
At that time, Xiu Ye had suppressed his cultivation to the peak war reverend for over a hundred years. During these hundred years, he had always been the most powerful seat controller. It could be said that the demon race was able to control the Sin Tower because of Xiu Ye!
As for how Xiu Ye had firmly suppressed his cultivation to the peak war reverend for over a hundred years, it was a huge mystery to all living beings.

Chapter 646
Because of Xiu Ye's existence, the other races had no chance at all in the Sin Tower. Even though the Demon Night Clan was innately strong, the Demon Race was able to suppress them until Liu Yu appeared.
However, the Demon Race's true decline in the Sin Tower was because of Xiu Ye. Not long after, Xiu Ye suddenly disappeared.
No one knew whether Xiu Ye was dead or alive. He just mysteriously disappeared in the Sin Tower. No one knew where he went.
From then on, when Xiu Ye had just disappeared, the Demon Race was still able to control the seats in the Tower of Sin. However, with the sudden rise of the Demon Night clan, the position of the first seat controller had always been held by the Demon Night clan. Until now, Ling Yan still held the position of first seat controller, while Meng Tian could only hold the position of second.
"Xiu Ye's disappearance is a great loss to our Demon Race." Meng Chong's expression was somewhat solemn. If Xiu Ye hadn't disappeared, the Demon Night Clan wouldn't have been able to suppress the Demon Race.
Yun Luo indifferently said, "Don't you feel that Xiu Ye's disappearance is strange?"
"Strange? Of course it's strange! " Meng Chong frowned. At this moment, he suddenly thought of something and stared blankly at Yun Luo. He stuttered, "Could, could it be … you?"
Yun Luo nodded and turned her head. She indifferently looked at the unimaginably huge beast in the distance and said, "I killed Xiu Ye. He has already turned into nourishment for the Sin Tower and his corpse has been completely absorbed by the Sin Tower."
"This …" Tian Hu was also speechless.
The reason Meng Chong guessed this was because he thought of the time when Xiu Ye disappeared. It was very close to the time when Yun Luo appeared.
When Yun Luo entered the first floor of the Sin Tower, her talent was already extremely terrifying. Naturally, she would be suppressed by the Demon Race! However, just like Liu Yu, Yun Luo's strength far exceeded the Demon Race's expectations. No matter how they attacked Yun Luo, she would always be able to defeat them!
As a result, Yun Luo easily climbed to the tenth floor of the Sin Tower.
Just as the Devil Race was preparing to suppress Yun Luo even more fiercely, Yun Luo did not choose to enter the Talent Stele. Moreover, she did not seem to have the intention to continue climbing. She stayed on the tenth floor. This action was not only out of the Human Race's expectations, but also out of the other races' expectations.
As long as Yun Luo didn't climb to the top, she wouldn't be a big threat to the demons. After enough observation, although the demons didn't understand Yun Luo's purpose, since she wasn't a big threat, they just let her be …
No one would have thought that this Tenth Order War General would quietly kill the Peak War Reverend of the Demon Clan, the strongest person who had controlled the Tower of Sin for over a hundred years.
"You, why did you want to kill Xiu Ye?" Although this matter had little to do with Meng Chong, it was impossible for Meng Chong not to be curious since they were of the same race.
Only then did Yun Luo shift the topic to the right path. "Because Xiu Ye was a puppet of Daoist Tian Miao. He was waiting for Luo Zheng in the Tower of Sin."
At this point, the mystery in front of Luo Zheng became clear. Tian Miao, who was far away in the Central Domain, didn't know that Xiu Ye was already dead. In Tian Miao's opinion, as long as Luo Zheng entered the Tower of Sin, Xiu Ye would definitely discover him immediately and then bring him into the Mysterious Underworld Cave to fulfill Tian Miao's last wish.
Therefore, Tian Miao didn't explain too much and only told him that he would understand after entering the Tower of Sin.
If Xiu Ye was still alive, Luo Zheng's climbing of the Tower of Sin would have been much smoother. At least, he wouldn't have been suppressed and attacked by the Demon Clan because protecting Luo Zheng to the top of the tower was Xiu Ye's mission.
However, Yun Luo had entered the Tower of Sin a step ahead of him and silently killed Xiu Ye. In this way, Yun Luo could only become his guide …
Yun Luo blinked her eyes and shifted her gaze to Luo Zheng's face. She then said, "If Xiu Ye had brought you here, he would have also made you throw the Jade Butterfly down because this was the only way to open the passage."
"I understand," Luo Zheng nodded.
He didn't know whether Yun Luo was telling the truth or not, nor could he distinguish between the forces represented by Yun Luo and Xiu Ye. Who was right and who was wrong? But no matter who was right and who was wrong, Luo Zheng would walk down his own path. Every step he took would leave a footprint. Only in this way could he walk further and his path be longer!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his hand and the burning Jade Butterfly in his hand freely fell down.
"Bang …"
The Jade Butterfly flickered with sparks as it hit the edge of the abyss and sank into the darkness. Its falling speed was extremely fast. At first, everyone could only see a small red dot, but it quickly disappeared into the darkness.
"What will happen if I throw it down?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Wait," Yun Luo spat out a word.
"How long do we have to wait?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yun Luo shook her head. "This abyss has no bottom, so I don't know where that thing grows …"
"The abyss has no bottom?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. "No matter how deep the abyss is, it must have a bottom!"
No matter how deep the abyss was, there should be a limit. A hundred miles long? A thousand miles long? Ten thousand miles long? It was impossible that there was no bottom …
Who knew that Xun, who had been silent all this time, would speak up. She smiled slightly. "If my guess is right, this should be an endless abyss. There is indeed no bottom. Someone once explored where this abyss leads to and how long it is, but after falling down for 1,400 years, he still didn't reach the bottom. Later, that person flew back from the abyss after 2,000 years …"
Yun Luo nodded. "That's indeed the case. And there is more than one abyss like this in the great wide world."
As soon as Xun's words came out, everyone except Yun Luo was shocked.
This abyss hadn't reached the bottom after falling for 400 years? How, how on earth was this abyss formed …
Everyone silently looked at the abyss in front of them. Looking at the pitch-black entrance, a sense of fear arose in their hearts for no reason. There were too many secrets in this world. Some of them were far from what they could understand at the moment!
However, there were indeed too many lunatics in this world! Someone was willing to spend more than 3,000 years to explore the length of this abyss!
After Luo Zheng threw the jade butterfly down, a full three hours had passed. Then, they heard a loud noise coming from the abyss.
"It's coming." Yun Luo turned her head and walked back. "Leave the edge of the abyss. It would be bad if we were sucked in by it."
The sound that came from the sound was like a clap of thunder, rumbling. Who knew what kind of behemoth was going to climb out of it?
Even if Yun Luo didn't say it, no idiot would stay beside the abyss. Everyone turned around and followed Luo Zheng, leaving the edge of the abyss and walking to a relatively safe place.
"What on earth is that thing?" Ling Yan asked.
No matter what it was, to be able to make such a big noise in this abyss, its size was probably not much smaller than the Ominous Beast called Fierce Scorpion …
"Actually, you've seen it before," Yun Luo replied.
"We've seen it before?" Everyone's expression suddenly changed.
Yun Luo nodded. "That thing is the plant that chased us all the way. Those plants are just its roots that extend from the ground. What's coming up now is its main body."
Xun sneered and said quickly, "It's a Southern Dipper Immortal Root!"
"What's the use of it climbing up?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo said, "You'll know soon enough."
As the roaring sound became louder and louder, it was like a clap of thunder in everyone's ears. Luo Zheng and the others had to use their zhenqi to temporarily seal their hearing. The thing in the abyss was getting closer and closer to the entrance of the abyss. Everyone's expression became more and more nervous. Such a loud sound actually didn't wake up the huge Ominous Beast! The Ominous Beast called Fierce Scorpion was still in a deep sleep!
"It's coming!" Yun Luo stared into the distance and said.
Soon, everyone saw a huge plant drill out of the abyss, and there was an extremely ugly face on the plant!
The most frightening thing was that this strange face was facing Luo Zheng and the others!
The monstrous face of this huge plant was not much smaller than the head of the incomparably huge scorpion. It was as big as a mountain. The two eyes on the monstrous face were firmly fixed on Luo Zheng and the others!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 647
At this moment, everyone's heart almost stopped beating.
Not to mention them, even Divine Sea Realm experts were like ants in front of this demonic creature. They had no resistance at all!
"Turn around. Don't look at it. Cover your ears." Yun Luo turned her head and turned her face to the side.
Everyone turned their heads. Many of them covered their faces. At this time, any resistance was superfluous …
"Roar!"
The Southern Dipper Immortal Root suddenly raised its head and roared. The loud sound caused the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave to tremble!
Many sharp stalagmites grew on the top of the Mysterious Underworld Cave's wall. Amidst this roar, they broke off one by one and then fell down heavily.
One of the stalagmites, more than twenty feet long, just happened to fall in the direction of the crowd. At this moment, Yun Luo's eyes flashed. She raised her hand and shot out a ray of light, instantly shattering that stalagmite into pieces.
This roar was fierce and long. It lasted for a full incense's time before gradually stopping.
Then, Yun Luo turned around and said, "The fierce scorpion has woken up …"
Everyone's expression was incomparably complicated. Although that giant beast had been sleeping, under such a terrifying roar, it was impossible to sleep …
Everyone turned around and looked. Sure enough, that giant beast had opened its eyes!
"Dong!"
When this fierce scorpion had just woken up, there was still a trace of laziness on its face. It seemed to have slept for too long. It even used its huge palm to wipe the top of its head. With this touch, the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray blooming above its head suddenly became several times stronger. The crimson light enveloped the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave, blooming with a red light more intense than the sun!
Ling Yan lowered her head and said, "Even that fog can't stop this Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. If there are other martial artists in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, they won't be able to escape now."
Fortunately, because of the chaotic tide this time, most of the martial artists should have returned to the Sin Tower. Only a small number of martial artists wanted to take advantage of the chaotic tide to obtain greater opportunities. Since these people dared to take the risk, they also had to accept the risk!
The fierce scorpion looked at the giant Southern Dipper Immortal Root in front of it and raised its huge head. Then, it suddenly opened its mouth and roared at the Southern Dipper Immortal Root.
"Roar!"
Yun Luo's expression changed. She suddenly said to Luo Zheng, "Hurry up, make a big hole!"
When the scorpion began to roar, a hurricane that could be seen with the naked eye began to form. Because the abyss was incomparably huge, although the hurricane was huge, it still needed a certain amount of time to blow over.
As soon as Yun Luo finished speaking, Luo Zheng and Meng Chong took the initiative to attack!
Luo Zheng had used all his strength, including the power of the dragon scales. Meng Chong was also charging forward without any regard for his own safety. Only God knew how powerful the hurricane produced by this roar was. It would be fine if he was swept away like this, but the problem was that if he left Luo Zheng's side, he would be shot to death by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray on the head of the vicious scorpion.
"Peng peng peng …"
Due to the bombardment from the two of them, a 10-zhang-wide crater appeared beneath their feet. No one thought too much about it and they jumped down at almost the same time.
After entering the huge pit, Luo Zheng and Meng Chong continued to dig downwards, digging another 30 meters deep...
After doing this three times in a row, everyone had already sunk into the 30-zhang-deep crater.
Just as everyone steadied themselves at the bottom of the crater, before they could take a breath, they heard the sound of turbulent wind coming from above their heads! The sound of the wind swept past the crater above their heads, and a part of the wind blew in, hitting everyone's faces like a knife cutting through them!
Zhao Fenqin and the others immediately circulated their Protective True Essence, but Tian Hu's movements were slower. As a result, his body was cut by the strong wind, and he looked terrible!
"I wonder if this depth will work?" Luo Zheng looked up nervously!
Everyone saw that the edge of the crater was constantly being shaved off by the strong wind. Layer by layer, it collapsed and was then swept away by the strong wind behind it!
In a few breaths' time, the 30-zhang-deep crater was quickly flattened...
"Continue to go down!" Meng Chong shouted and punched downwards again.
Luo Zheng didn't stop. The others also attacked together and continued to bombard the ground.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
The crater above their heads was constantly being shaved off by the strong wind. Everyone also continued to bombard downwards, hiding even deeper in order to avoid the strong wind above them!
The scorpion's roar was many times louder than the Southern Dipper Immortal Root's roar. With just one roar, the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave was in chaos...
On the tenth floor of the Sin Tower, Purple Jade of the Demon Night Clan had just walked out of the Talent Stele. After taking the Talent Stele's test, her talent actually ranked on the third floor! This result was already very dazzling in the Demon Night Clan!
Right now, the Demon Night Clan's best result in the Sin Tower was her. However, Purple Jade didn't look happy at all. Instead, she was endlessly depressed and lonely.
When she first entered the Sin Tower, she had vowed to challenge Luo Zheng and defeat Luo Zheng. However, when she saw Luo Zheng's golden name, it was as if she was laughing at herself for overestimating herself...
She simply didn't have the qualifications to consider Luo Zheng her opponent!
Purple Jade clenched her teeth. She held her weapon and continued to walk towards the arena. She would never admit defeat. Even if Luo Zheng's talent was greater than hers, she would still work ten times harder. One day, she would be able to surpass Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Moreover, Luo Zheng's speed of improvement was extremely fast. He had already climbed to the fourteenth floor, so she didn't have the chance to challenge Luo Zheng...
Just as Purple Jade walked towards the arena, a violent tremor suddenly came from beneath her feet. Then, a deep roar sounded. It was actually a roar that came from underground!
At this moment, all the beings of the various clans looked at each other with nervous expressions!
Everyone knew that below the Sin Tower, or rather, below the entire Cursed Land, was the Mysterious Underworld Cave. But what was with such a loud roar?
Could it be that some demonic creature had approached the Sin Tower?
"What, what kind of monster is roaring? It's so loud. Heavens!"
"The people who entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave this time are going to be miserable. It seems that there's something strange in the Mysterious Underworld Cave again …"
"You don't know. This time, there was a chaotic tide. Most of the peak War Reverends have already retreated. Only a small portion of people are still inside!"
"I heard that Luo Zheng hasn't returned. Even Ling Yan from the Demon Night Clan hasn't returned! It seems that they're going to die inside this time! "
That violent roar continued for a long time, causing the entire Sin Tower to tremble!
In reality, it wasn't just the Sin Tower that felt the roar. The entire Cursed Land could hear it. Two hours later, the violent roar even spread throughout the entire Sea God Continent!
In the Sky Feather Holy Land, Liu Yu was standing at the top of a huge Holy Tree. She was wearing a purple robe. At this moment, her pointy ears were completely erect. When the violent roar spread out from the ground, the entire Holy Tree of the Yao Night Clan began to tremble.
The Sacred Tree had a soul. It uneasily told Liu Yu its fear. At this moment, all the beings in the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Ground were uneasy. It was as if doomsday had arrived.
"Don't be afraid, don't be afraid …" Liu Yu gently stroked the treetop and softly communicated with the Sacred Tree, comforting the Sacred Tree's uneasiness.
It wasn't just the Sky Feather Sacred Ground. The Human Race's Purple Heart Sacred Ground, the Demon Race's Twin Demon Sacred Ground, the Night Clan's Eternal Night Sacred Ground, and all the beings in the various Sacred Grounds were immersed in uneasiness and fear …
A full two thousand feet!
In a short period of time, Luo Zheng and Meng Chong continuously hammered into the ground. They dug a two thousand feet deep hole. The rocks and soil that fell from above almost buried everyone inside!
But even though they were hidden in such a deep hole, it still didn't ease the uneasiness in their hearts. This roar was simply too exaggerated!

Chapter 648
Under the twisting winds, the soil around the abyss was shaved off by more than a thousand feet.
Even though everyone had dug a two-thousand-feet-deep pit, it was only a small pit of about a hundred feet under the twisting winds …
The hearts of everyone who climbed out of the small pit were still beating violently. They were very lucky to be able to survive this roar.
As soon as they climbed out of the small pit, they saw a fierce battle taking place above the abyss!
After the fierce scorpion finished roaring, it charged toward the Southern Dipper Immortal Root. The Southern Dipper Immortal Root was also very fierce. Even with such a terrifying roar, it did not suffer any damage. Instead, it twisted its roots that were as thick as a mountain, raised its ugly head, and charged toward the fierce scorpion.
"Bang!"
The fierce scorpion looked huge and simple, but its movements were surprisingly agile. Just as the Southern Dipper Immortal Root stretched its head over, the fierce scorpion slapped the Southern Dipper Immortal Root's head.
The sound of this slap was like hundreds of thunderbolts exploding at the same time.
Luo Zheng and the others could only temporarily seal their ears. Otherwise, this slap would definitely deafen them …
"Roar!"
After being slapped, the Southern Dipper Immortal Root turned its head and continued charging toward the fierce scorpion. Then, it slapped again.
If this slap had been used on the Sea God Continent, it would probably have been able to shatter an entire mountain range …
"Bang …"
"Bang …"
"Bang …"
After a few consecutive slaps, the fierce Southern Dipper Immortal Root finally showed signs of defeat. It seemed that it was no match for the fierce scorpion!
Xun glanced at Luo Zheng and transmitted her voice to him. "This Southern Dipper Immortal Root is actually a kind of vegetable."
"Vegetable?" Luo Zheng stared intently at the battle between the giant beasts and asked blankly.
"Yes, a kind of vegetable used to feed super divine beasts. If you don't believe me, ask Qinglong in your mind." Xun suddenly smiled and transmitted her voice.
Luo Zheng was indeed curious. "Qinglong, is that so?"
"Don't listen to her nonsense! I've been fasting for many years! "Qinglong refused to admit it.
"What about before fasting?" Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng suddenly asked with a smile.
"Before I reach inedia, I won't eat this either!" Qinglong chuckled and denied, "Our True Dragon Realm is rich in natural resources. The Southern Dipper Immortal Root is a great tonic, but its taste … Only fierce beasts like the scorpions can endure it. Why would we True Dragons eat such an ugly thing?"
Actually, what Xun said was right. The size of a divine beast was not bad. An ordinary divine beast was not much bigger than the flood dragon puppet Luo Zheng had seen before. However, divine beasts were often as big as a continent. The amount of food these super divine beasts needed to grow up was astonishing!
Although Super Divine Beasts could capture other Super Divine Beasts as their food, but Super Divine Beasts were a minority in many big worlds. Moreover, the strength of other Super Divine Beasts was not weak. All Super Divine Beasts were at the top of the food chain, but before they could fast, it was very difficult for them to find enough food.
Therefore, most Super Divine Beasts basically relied on vegetarians to grow up …
A huge Southern Dipper Immortal Root like this was one of the food for these huge fierce beasts.
Soon, the Southern Dipper Immortal Root was subdued by the scorpions. The scorpions stretched out their claws, strangled the roots of the Southern Dipper Immortal Root, and opened their huge mouth!
"What do we do now?" Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo.
Everyone looked at Yun Luo pitifully. They were also tortured and scared by the scene in front of them. Even though Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan, and the others had cultivated through the Gate of Reincarnation, their moods were still in a mess. The impact of this level of battle was really too strong!
It was just that when Yun Luo had promised to lead everyone out of the fog, they did not expect to come to this place. This was not even half the same as walking out of the fog, right?
"Hold on tight! Everyone, hold on tight to Luo Zheng! "After saying that, Yun Luo reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo strangely, but did not understand the meaning behind her words.
The others also did not understand, but at this time, everyone followed Yun Luo's words like a conditioned reflex!
Ling Yan also reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng's arm. The other peak War Reverends also quickly grabbed onto their hands and arms.
Meng Chong's reaction was not slow either. He grabbed onto Luo Zheng's neck.
"Hey, hey …" Being firmly held in such a chaotic manner, Luo Zheng felt uncomfortable all over. However, Luo Zheng's resistance was useless. At this time, saving their lives was more important. Who would be willing to listen to Luo Zheng's words?
The last one, Tianhu, was more embarrassed. Luo Zheng was already tightly surrounded by everyone. There was no gap left for him. In desperation, Tianhu could only hug Meng Chong … Even if he could not catch Luo Zheng, he could still catch Meng Chong.
As for Xun, she directly stuffed the long spear into Luo Zheng's sumeru ring. Then, she turned into a little sword spirit and drilled into Luo Zheng's body.
Just as everyone was ready, they heard the sound of wind whistling in their ears …
"Huff, huff …"
A huge suction force was released from the scorpion's mouth.
Just like the gust of wind that blew out just now, they did not have the ability to resist this suction force!
Almost in an instant, everyone's feet left the ground and were directly pulled into the sky above the abyss. Everyone tightly grabbed onto Luo Zheng and kept tumbling in the air, flying towards the scorpion's big mouth!
"What, what's going on!" Meng Chong was shocked and angry. He roared at Yun Luo. He never thought that Yun Luo wanted everyone to hold on tightly to be sucked into the scorpion's mouth. Wasn't this sending them to their deaths?
"Yun Luo, what the hell is going on?" Even Ling Yan, who was always calm, had an ugly expression at this time.
If they had continued to dig underground and hid in the big pit, they could have avoided being sucked into the scorpion's mouth. Now that they were swallowed by the scorpion, they would not even be enough to fill the gaps between its teeth. Wouldn't everyone be dead?
Zhao Fenqin also cried out with a sad face, "This time we are definitely dead … Yun Luo, didn't you say that you would lead us out of the fog? How did we walk into the mouth of this monster? "
Yun Luo blinked her eyes. Facing everyone's questioning, her expression did not change at all. Instead, she said faintly, "If we want to leave the fog, we must enter its mouth. I did not do anything wrong. In fact, I had already planned to do so."
"Can you give us a hint first …" Zhou Zhuohe tightly held onto Luo Zheng's arm and said with a conflicted expression.
"There's no need. You may not die if you do as I say, but if you don't do as I say, you will definitely die!" Yun Luo blinked her eyes and slightly tilted her head. Her small nose sniffed Luo Zheng's chest. At this time, she actually had the leisure to smell Luo Zheng's body.
Only Luo Zheng said with a bitter smile, "I say … can you guys be a little gentler? My bones are about to fall apart!"
How could everyone be willing to listen to Luo Zheng? As soon as they let go, they would immediately be shot to death by the Xuanming Death Ray. This was a matter of life and death, so naturally, Luo Zheng held on tightly. Everyone continuously fluttered and spun in the air above the abyss, heading towards the scorpion's big mouth to suck. As the scorpion opened its mouth, the Southern Dipper Immortal Root was also sucked into its big mouth piece by piece.
For the Southern Dipper Immortal Root, the scorpion's big mouth could be called a mouth. However, for Luo Zheng and the others, the scorpion's big mouth was like a huge cave that was tens of thousands of feet high. Even if ten mountain ranges were placed side by side, they could still be stuffed into the scorpion's mouth!
To Fierce Scorpion, Luo Zheng's group wasn't even an ant, or even a speck of dust. In Fierce Scorpion's eyes, Luo Zheng's group didn't even exist, they were just too insignificant …
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Some huge rocks that were as wide as ten feet were also sucked into the scorpion's mouth. Some of these huge rocks directly hit Luo Zheng and the others, but before these huge rocks could hit them, they were immediately neutralized by Yun Luo's finger light and the attacks of Meng Chong and the others …
After flying above the abyss for a while, everyone finally entered the scorpion's big mouth. Just as they entered the big mouth, a strange scene occurred. The True Essence in everyone's body suddenly and strangely disappeared! Meng Chong and Tianhu's expressions changed greatly. The Vital Essence in their bodies also disappeared!
Luo Zheng, who cultivated both energy and body, was naturally in the same situation. Whether it was True Essence or Vital Essence, they all disappeared without a trace at the same time.
Although everyone was constantly tumbling in the air, they still relied on their True Essence to stabilize their bodies. Now that their True Essence suddenly disappeared, they were immediately blown around by the turbulence and finally fell heavily into the darkness!

Chapter 649
Whether it was Meng Chong or Ling Yan, the reason why they were powerful was because they relied on their true essence and vital essence.
After losing these things, their bodies were only slightly stronger than ordinary creatures. Bumping into each other in the darkness, everyone was dizzy from the fall.
And the crab ornament on Luo Zheng's chest, because it lost its true essence, the orange light cover also completely disappeared.
Fortunately, the Mysterious Death Ray that blossomed from the head of the vicious scorpion could not illuminate here, otherwise, everyone would have been instantly shot to death by that red light …
Under the unceasing tumbling, everyone could no longer hold onto Luo Zheng's body. One by one, they scattered, unceasingly tumbling downwards.
The space inside this giant beast was so large that it was far beyond everyone's imagination.
The length of the vicious scorpion's entire body was unknown, because it had been lying on the edge of this abyss. Its huge body extended all the way to the bottom of the abyss, but just the part that appeared before everyone's eyes was already indescribably huge.
Luo Zheng was still fine. Although he bumped into each other along the way, there was nothing here that was harder than Luo Zheng's body. Even if the giant stone that was sucked into the vicious scorpion's stomach hit his body, he was still unscathed. On the contrary, he could directly smash that giant stone into pieces.
As for the others, at this time, their days were difficult. For example, Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and the others were unable to circulate their true essence. Naturally, they also did not have true essence to protect their bodies. A single stone smashing over could make their scalps bleed!
Fortunately, the inner walls of this vicious scorpion were soft. Otherwise, under this kind of bumping, they really would have been smashed to death!
Along the way down, they had spent a few incense sticks worth of time. Following Ling Yan's muffled sound, everyone also fell to the bottom one after another. After passing through that dark passage, everyone was surprised to find that there was actually light in this vicious scorpion's stomach, as if there was another world.
Only, apart from Luo Zheng, the others did not have the mind to investigate their surroundings for the time being.
Aside from Yun Luo, the other people's bodies were more or less bruised. The one with the most serious injuries was unexpectedly Ling Yan. Her body was lacerated with several wounds, and a part of her clothes was dyed red with blood.
Even Meng Chong and Tianhu, who were known for their strong bodies, were not in a good condition. Tianhu was limping as he crawled up from the ground, while Meng Chong's face was swollen, making him look extremely comical!
On the other hand, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe did not seem to be seriously injured.
However, although these wounds looked serious, they were nothing to the cultivators. They could only be regarded as superficial wounds. After taking out healing medicines and swallowing them, they began to observe their surroundings.
Luo Zheng and Yun Luo stood not far away, observing the surroundings.
The environment in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach was far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. It was as large and open as the Mysterious Cave. However, it was still a cave. If they kept flying upwards, they would hit the ceiling of the cave.
Therefore, even though they were in such a large Mysterious Cave, it still gave them a cramped feeling. The dim, grayish yellow environment constantly reminded them that they were still in a cave. However, this cave was extremely large, so large that it occupied a considerable area of the entire Sea God Continent.
It was reasonable to say that although the space in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach was large, it was not as large as the Mysterious Cave. After all, the Fierce Scorpion was also in the Mysterious Cave. Although its size was large, it was still much smaller than the Mysterious Cave.
However, the space here seemed to be boundless. Even the sky was blue. It was a completely different world! Moreover, there were mountains, rivers, and plants in this world. Looking at it, it was no different from the Boundless Universe …
"Why is there such a world in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "Yes, this is the Small Thousand World in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach."
"There's a Small Thousand World in its stomach?" Luo Zheng asked with a face full of astonishment. Luo Zheng had also been to the Small Thousand World at the top of the Tower of Sin. When he was there, he could freely construct the environment inside. The 128 Small Thousand Worlds at the top should have been constructed by the original owner of the Tower of Sin.
At this time, Ling Yan had already changed her clothes, and the wounds on her body had also been treated. After walking over, she said: "It is said that after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, the True Essence in the body will transform into an ocean, shrouded in a hazy True Essence mist, forming a world of its own. That is why it is called the Divine Sea Realm. It is just that the body of a Divine Sea Realm warrior is still unable to nurture terrestrial creatures. Only after reaching a higher level, will a world of its own gradually form.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "It is indeed so. In the Small Thousand Worlds within the bodies of some of the strongest in the Upper Realm, there are even their own countries. There are tens of millions of creatures inside, and there are even wars …"
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng felt even more amazed. Nurturing their own world in the body? The creatures inside could even cultivate?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly had a flash of inspiration. He thought of the entire universe and the numerous Boundless Worlds. Could it be that they were also in the body of a certain creature? Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also voiced his doubts.
Before Yun Luo could speak, Xun had already flashed out of Luo Zheng's body. He smiled slightly and replied, "No one can answer this question of yours!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"We have been searching for the answer to your guess for who knows how many billions of years, but no one can solve it." Xun shook his head and said.
If Luo Zheng could think of this question, there was no reason that the strongest in the Upper Realm could not think of it. Someone had long thought of this. After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, one's body could form a Deity Sea of its own. As one's cultivation increased, the Deity Sea would slowly expand. Heaven and Earth would appear and slowly nurture creatures. Under this inference, the entire universe could also be in the body of a certain creature.
Unfortunately, countless people in the Upper Realm had searched for the exit of the entire universe, but no one had been able to find the exit of the entire universe. Some people also thought that this hypothesis was very stupid and was completely fabricated …
"This is not the problem we should be concerned about now. Yun Luo, what should we do next?" Meng Chong strode over and asked with an unfriendly expression.
In this Boundless World, all Vital Spirit and Vital Spirit were prohibited. The only thing everyone could rely on now was their own physical bodies. The pair of black wings behind Meng Chong's back had disappeared. One could imagine the sense of crisis in his heart!
Who knew that Yun Luo would not care about Meng Chong at all. She only said coldly, "Come with me."
Meng Chong did not have the patience. He reached out his large hand to grab Yun Luo. However, the moment he reached out, Yun Luo's figure suddenly swayed. She turned around on her wooden clogs and climbed onto Meng Chong's thick arm!
After taking two steps on Meng Chong's arm, she reached out her hands to grab Meng Chong's forearm and pressed down hard with the help of her body's center of gravity.
"Crack!"
Everyone heard the sound of bones shattering. Meng Chong's thick arm was powerlessly tilted to the side. At the same time, Meng Chong's blood-curdling screams could be heard.
Tianhu's expression changed. He wanted to rush over, but Yun Luo jumped down from Meng Chong's arm. Her petite figure contrasted sharply with Meng Chong's huge body. Yun Luo coldly glanced at Tianhu and said, "If you want to leave here and return to the Sin Tower alive, don't talk nonsense!"
With a twist of Yun Luo's arm, Meng Chong's arm was broken. Everyone was shocked.
No matter how powerful Yun Luo was, she was only a Tenth Rank Warlord. To be able to break Meng Chong's arm in one move, this …
Yun Luo didn't care about the gazes of the people around her. She just walked forward alone. Meng Chong could only drag his broken arm. He took out a pill from his pocket and swallowed it. Even if the effect of the healing pill was really good, it would take a few days for his broken arm to completely heal.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a glimmer of light.
After entering the giant beast's stomach, everyone could not rely on their True Essence and Vital Essence. Therefore, the only thing that could work here was the lowest level of martial arts.
What Yun Luo used just now was the most commonly used "Soft Arts". Even though Yun Luo's strength was far inferior to Meng Chong's, Yun Luo easily broke Meng Chong's arm with her technique …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 650
Meng Chong didn't say anything. In the Mysterious Underworld Cave, he still had strength to rely on.
But with his Vital Essence completely blocked, he couldn't use his current strength. At this time, he could only grit his teeth and endure!
In front of them was an empty wilderness. Other than some short plants, there was nothing else.
But this didn't mean that they were relaxed in the slightest. In this damned place, no one could predict what kind of demon would appear in the next moment!
Everyone followed behind Yun Luo on foot. Only Xun was like a ghost, floating beside Luo Zheng. Everyone couldn't fly, but Xun was an exception. She was Luo Zheng's sword spirit, so she didn't have any weight to speak of. Although this Spirit Dimension restricted true essence and Vital Essence, it had little effect on Xun.
Just as everyone was moving forward, Yun Luo's footsteps suddenly slowed down and soon stopped.
"What's the matter?" Ling Yan immediately asked vigilantly.
After losing their true essence, a martial artist was equivalent to a tiger without its fangs. If they encountered a slightly more powerful demon, they would find it difficult to resist.
Yun Luo's gaze was focused not far ahead. Behind a haystack, a simple and fat tiger poked its head out. Its two soybean-sized eyes were sizing up Luo Zheng's group of "strangers."
"It's just a mouse," Meng Chong sneered.
"Be careful of those fierce mice," Yun Luo suddenly reminded.
"Be careful?"
At this time, everyone was indeed a little jittery. What's more, after this adventure, everyone understood Yun Luo's personality. She wouldn't remind others of something that seemed very dangerous. But now, she actually reminded everyone to be careful. What they were about to face must be especially dangerous …
Everyone looked around vigilantly. Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe had already drawn their swords.
"There are more mice around …" Zhao Fenqin was keenly aware that almost every haystack had three or four silly mice behind it.
"It's just a group of mice. There's no need to be so nervous," Zhou Zhuohe said, shaking his head.
"It's coming," Yun Luo said.
At this moment, everyone heard a squeaking sound. The sound was unusually sharp and rhythmic, as if it was saying something.
As soon as the squeaking sound came out, the seemingly simple and honest fierce rats hidden behind the haystack suddenly became restless. Their bean-sized black eyes suddenly emitted an endless ominous glint, and the hair on their entire body stood up, as if they were spikes standing on their ends!
"Creak creak creak …"
All of the rats rushed out of their caves. In the blink of an eye, the plains were covered with these rats!
Some of the rats closest to them had already rushed towards Luo Zheng and the others!
"Hmph, since when do rats dare to be fierce?" Meng Chong took two steps forward. One of his arms had been broken by Yun Luo, but he still had the other hand that could move. Meng Chong raised his large foot and ruthlessly stomped on the rats that were swarming toward him!
Meng Chong's feet were covered in steel boots made from black iron. With his massive body, even if he didn't use astral essence, he could still create a large crater in the ground!
"Peng!"
However, these fierce rats were abnormally agile. Without being able to use astral essence, Meng Chong's foot missed!
The five or six fierce rats instantly scattered and scuttled on Meng Chong's body. Some of them even directly drilled into Meng Chong's armor and began to bite his flesh!
A sharp pain came. Meng Chong endured the pain and cursed angrily while reaching out to grab his body. With great difficulty, he finally caught a fierce rat. Then, he ruthlessly smashed the rat into the ground, smashing it into meat paste!
These fierce rats were abnormally agile, but there was nothing special about them.
The problem was that there were more and more fierce rats in front of them. There was a large black mass around them. If they could use their astral essence, any one of them could instantly kill these fierce rats!
However, everyone's astral essence was blocked. How could they deal with so many fierce rats?
"We can only rush over. Standing in place is just waiting for death." As Ling Yan spoke, a flywheel appeared in her hand. That flywheel nimbly spun in her hand, and all of the vicious rats that approached her were all strangled to death one by one.
"Let's go!" Zhao Fenqin's sword flashed and instantly pierced through dozens of fierce rats.
Everyone madly rushed forward! However, Meng Chong and Tianhu's movements were very awkward. Both of them were wearing heavy armor. This armor had cost a lot of gold to make. In the outside world, it could certainly increase their defense, but now it seemed a bit cumbersome. Not only was it cumbersome, but the more troublesome thing was that many fierce rats had drilled into their armor and were biting them …
Although they couldn't use their astral essence, everyone's movement speed wasn't slow. After all, after entering the Xiantian realm, their bodies had undergone a refinement.
However, the area of this wilderness wasn't small. Now, the entire wilderness was filled with these fierce rats. An endless stream of fierce rats drilled out of their caves, covering the entire wilderness. Just looking at it made one's scalp tingle. If they were trapped by these fierce rats, they would probably be gnawed into skeletons.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's long sword slashed out, and a fierce sword flower immediately cut dozens of fierce rats in two. However, there were hundreds of fierce rats on the side, forming a black wave that covered Luo Zheng.
Almost in an instant, Luo Zheng was covered by these fierce rats.
"Luo Zheng!" Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were shocked.
Yun Luo frowned, but didn't go to help.
Ling Yan was also surrounded by hundreds of fierce rats, and didn't have time to help.
Although Meng Chong and Tianhu were bitten by the fierce rats, the demon race's physique was huge. Relying on their huge bodies, they jumped up and stomped their feet heavily on the ground. The huge impact was enough to throw the fierce rats off their bodies.
Now, when Meng Chong saw Luo Zheng being pushed down by the fierce rats, his face revealed a trace of a sinister smile. Meng Chong really wanted to kill Luo Zheng, but they were in the same boat, so he really didn't have the opportunity to do so. If Luo Zheng was bitten into skeletons by the fierce rats, that would be the best result.
While floating on the side, Xun, who was constantly stabbing the fierce rats with his long spear, blinked his eyes and revealed a faint smile on his face. It seemed that he wasn't worried about Luo Zheng's safety.
This damned place indeed restricted everyone's True Essence and Vital Essence, but Xun knew the secret of Luo Zheng's body. Even an ordinary immortal tool couldn't leave a scar on Luo Zheng's body. Not to mention the teeth of these fierce rats, the threat to Luo Zheng was close to zero.
More and more fierce rats were pouncing on Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng's figure could no longer be seen. All that could be seen was a large group of fierce rats tightly surrounding Luo Zheng. Moreover, the number of fierce rats pouncing on Luo Zheng was constantly increasing, and the "hill" formed by the fierce rats was getting bigger and bigger!
"Go save Luo Zheng!" Even now, Zhao Fenqin didn't forget his mission. After killing more than a dozen fierce rats with one sword strike, he rushed toward Luo Zheng. Zhou Zhuohe also followed closely behind.
But before they could reach Luo Zheng, Xun waved her long spear and blocked Zhao Fenqin's way.
"What do you mean? If we don't save him, Luo Zheng will really be bitten into skeletons! " Zhao Fenqin said anxiously, but he was puzzled. Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit. If Luo Zheng died, she would also dissipate between heaven and earth. But now, she didn't seem to be worried at all.
Xun said, "Don't worry, nothing will happen!"
As soon as she finished speaking, everyone saw that the hill suddenly began to surge, and they heard an extremely dull muffled sound.
"Boom!"
Thousands of rats that were pouncing on Luo Zheng's body were sent flying at the same time. They fell in all directions. Without exception, all the rats that fell to the ground had their internal organs shattered. They spat out mouthfuls of blood and died!
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng again, only to see that Luo Zheng's clothes had been completely torn apart by the fierce rats. However, his whole body was clean, and there wasn't a trace of injury on it.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng's naked body and blinked her eyes, as if she was thinking about how Luo Zheng could resist the roars of those rats. Ling Yan and Xun also stared at Luo Zheng unscrupulously. There were more men than women in the Demon Night Clan, and women were the absolute leaders in the clan, so there was naturally no distinction between men and women.

Chapter 651
Although Luo Zheng's Vital Spirit and Vital Spirit were blocked, he could still borrow the power of the dragon scales in his body.
Just by using the power of over a hundred dragon scales, the fierce rats that were attached to Luo Zheng's body were directly shaken to death by such a huge tremor!
For Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and the others, these rats might be a big problem, but for Luo Zheng, it was not a big problem. At least, these rats could not cause any harm to him.
In this group of ferocious rats, everyone fought as they walked, forcefully carving out a bloody path.
However, at this moment, the sound of drums suddenly came from the distance in the wilderness.
"Bang bang bang …"
When the drums began to beat, Luo Zheng and the others immediately heard the squeaking sound again!
After the squeaking sound, all the rats that were rushing towards Luo Zheng and the others immediately fled in all directions. They drilled into the ground and ran away in a moment!
"That sound should be the rat king of these rats." Luo Zheng looked at the scattered rat corpses behind him, forming a long black line on the ground.
After a while, dozens of black shadows rushed towards Luo Zheng in the sky above the wilderness.
Because they were still far away, the others could not clearly see the faces of these black shadows. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a blue light, and his eyes suddenly turned green. He frowned and said, "These guys can actually fly!"
The ones flying in the air were not humans, nor were they demons, nor were they demons. Luo Zheng had never seen such creatures before. These creatures were covered in a layer of green scales, and they all held a long spear in their hands. In an instant, Luo Zheng and the others were surrounded.
The leader of the group glanced at Luo Zheng and the others, then pointed his long spear at Luo Zheng from a distance. He looked down at Luo Zheng from high up in the air and kept uttering strange sounds. Luo Zheng couldn't understand what he was saying.
Luo Zheng and the others looked at each other in dismay. They were all at a loss. At this time, they didn't dare to act rashly.
Now it seemed that although the Spirit Aether and Vital Spirit were blocked in this Spirit Space, there seemed to be other ways to cultivate. It was just that Luo Zheng and the others did not know how to do it.
"What are these things?" Zhao Fenqin asked with a frown.
Ling Yan shook her head. "Perhaps, they are the original inhabitants of this world."
"What do we do now? It seems like … they want to attack us, "Meng Chong said in a muffled voice. Just now, he had been bitten by those fierce rats. Ever since he entered the scorpion's body, he had been suffering!
"What's there to be afraid of? If they dare to make a move, we'll fight it out with them! "Tian Hu glared at the creatures in the air and said.
Everyone looked at Tianhu as if he was an idiot …
These creatures did not seem to have high cultivation levels, but their cultivation systems were completely different. It was impossible to tell how strong they were. Moreover, the other party could fly in the sky. Just this point alone made them very passive.
At this time, one of the green-skinned people suddenly stopped talking. He raised his protruding ears and quietly listened.
Everyone was puzzled by this green-skinned person's actions. They saw him suddenly wave the long spear in his hand and fiercely swing it towards the ground. Suddenly, an invisible wave swept out from his long spear, and that wave continuously tore the ground apart!
"Pa pa pa pa pa …"
The ground instantly split apart, and a crack of more than ten feet extended not far away. When this crack extended to the end, it suddenly produced a violent explosion!
"Bang!"
The impact of the explosion immediately lifted the soil several feet high. From the crack, a yellow ferocious rat was ejected, squeaking in the air.
The green-skinned person's face lit up. He instantly rushed over and grabbed the yellow fierce rat in his hand. No matter how much the fierce rat wriggled in his hand, it could not break free from the green-skinned person's grasp.
"This fierce rat should be the rat king of that group of fierce rats just now," Luo Zheng said solemnly when he saw the green-skinned person make a move.
"Yes, yes … It should be this fierce rat that ordered the other fierce rats to attack us," Zhao Fenqin said quietly.
Everyone's thoughts were obviously not on the rat king, but on the green-skinned person's strength. It was beyond everyone's imagination!
If everyone could still use their True Essence or Vital Essence, they could easily use that attack just now. It would not be difficult to use an attack ten times stronger than this one.
However, in a situation where they could not use their True Essence, Ling Yan could not do it, and Zhao Fenqin could not do it either! Seeing this scene, Tianhu finally understood how naive his thoughts were just now …
Luo Zheng's expression was similarly unsightly. Although he had lost his True Essence and Vital Essence, he still had his magic treasure body and brute force to use. If he had to fight these green-skinned people to the death, he still had a chance of winning. However, it seemed that these green-skinned people were only the vanguard. There must be even more powerful green-skinned people behind them.
The green-skinned person caught the rat king and began to communicate with the other green-skinned people. After they finished talking, these green-skinned people looked at Luo Zheng and the others with killing intent on their faces.
How sharp were the senses of Luo Zheng and the others? They immediately understood that they had to make a move. They were not people who would sit and wait for death. When they had to fight with their lives on the line, they did not hesitate at all.
Luo Zheng's hand was already on his sumeru ring. As soon as he made a move, he would immediately take out the broken flying dagger from the ring. Even if he used brute force to shoot the flying dagger, Luo Zheng was confident that he could kill one or two green-skinned people in an instant!
At this moment, Yun Luo suddenly raised her head and said, "Nuo Nuo, ah, Tile House …"
Hearing these words suddenly come out of Yun Luo's mouth, the others were stunned. They did not expect Yun Luo to understand the language of these green-skinned people!
As soon as Yun Luo spoke, the green-skinned people's faces also showed astonishment. They looked at each other, and then one of them opened his mouth to reply to Yun Luo.
Yun Luo spoke again, as if arguing with the green-skinned people.
After a moment of silence, the green-skinned people took out a large net from their backs and threw it at everyone.
Ling Yan and the others were about to dodge the net, but they heard Yun Luo say, "Don't dodge!"
"What do you mean?" Ling Yan asked with a sullen face.
Everyone was more and more dissatisfied with Yun Luo. It was obvious that Yun Luo was leading them into an increasingly dangerous situation.
"I'll convince them not to kill us, but they'll hold us captive for the time being," Yun Luo replied.
"What happens after you're held captive?" Zhao Fenqin asked.
At this time, the large net had already wrapped everyone up.
However, this large net could trap Luo Zheng and the others, but it could not trap Xun … … She easily shuttled out of the net.
One of the green-skinned people pointed at Xun and said something. Xun blinked her eyes. She was definitely not a good-tempered person. Just as she was about to stab her spear without any explanation, Yun Luo suddenly said to Xun, "Xun, stop."
"What do you mean? I have no reason to listen to you. "Xun did not like Yun Luo to begin with, so how could she listen to her?
"If you want Luo Zheng to leave this place safely, you have to listen to me," Yun Luo reiterated.
As soon as these words were spoken, Xun lost her temper. She naturally did not want Luo Zheng to be trapped here for the rest of his life. In the end, she stabbed her spear into Luo Zheng's chest and stuffed it into his sumeru ring. Then, she turned into dots of red light and entered Luo Zheng's body.
This action was seen by several green-skinned people. They all stared greedily at the sumeru ring on Luo Zheng's chest, but they did not make a move at this time.
Then, the green-skinned people in the sky each pulled a rope and lifted the large net. Everyone was dragged into the air by this large net. This large net seemed to be woven with extremely special golden silk. Ordinary swords and sabers would find it difficult to break it. Moreover, everyone was tied up tightly by this large net. It was very difficult to break free of this large net.
Zhou Zhuohe also said coldly, "Bringing us back to their nest will ultimately make us at their mercy!"
"Yun Luo, you said you had a way to bring us out of the fog, but now we're in such a predicament," Ling Yan also questioned.
Meng Chong did not speak. He had suffered a loss at Yun Luo's hands before, so he could only behave himself here for the time being.
Yun Luo sneered, "You're trapped in the fog. In the end, you will still be pulled into the abyss by the fog array. Without me, you would have died long ago."

Chapter 652
Yun Luo wasn't wrong. Not to mention entering the scorpion's body, they were destined to be unable to leave the fog. Moreover, after being surrounded by the fog, regardless of whether they moved or not, they were constantly being pulled towards the huge abyss.
Not to mention getting close to the abyss, when they were inside the fog, they were already unable to resist the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. If it weren't for the crab-like treasure on Luo Zheng's chest, everyone would have already died under the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
At this time, everyone could only listen to Yun Luo. There was no other way.
"What are these green-skinned people?" Luo Zheng asked at this time.
Yun Luo immediately replied, "Ling Yan has already guessed it. They are indeed the natives of this world."
"But why do they want to kill us?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "As the natives of the scorpion's body, it is their duty to eliminate outsiders."
"Then what did you say to them just now to make them change their decision to kill us?" Luo Zheng was just about to ask.
"You will know in a moment," Yun Luo avoided answering.
Everyone was suspended in this large net and slowly moved forward. The speed of flying was naturally much faster than walking. Below them, they constantly swept past mountains and rivers ….
The size of the small world inside the scorpion's body was far beyond everyone's expectations. After flying like this for two hours, a wooden wall suddenly appeared in front of everyone. Long logs were sharpened and stood not far away. Obviously, this was the walled city built by these green-skinned people.
Inside the walled city, there were many green-skinned people shuttling back and forth. After the green-skinned people above their heads pulled the large net over the walled city, they landed in a corner of the walled city. Looking at the metal fence in front of them, everyone understood that this should be the walled city's prison.
After these green-skinned people untied the large net that bound Luo Zheng and the others, they pointed their spears at them. One of the green-skinned people pointed at the gate of the prison next to them, indicating that they should go in by themselves.
Everyone looked at Yun Luo. Yun Luo blinked her eyes and gestured to them. Then, she was the first to enter the prison. Everyone else followed behind her and entered the prison one by one.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to enter, one of the spears stopped Luo Zheng. The spear flicked gently and said something to Luo Zheng.
The spear's target was the Sumeru Ring on Luo Zheng's chest. The green-skinned's face wore a smile, and his eyes revealed a greedy look.
Even if Luo Zheng couldn't understand the green-skinned people's words, how could he not understand what this green-skinned person's meaning? This guy's Sumeru Was he trying? he wanted the Sumeru Ring on Luo Zheng's Sumeru His Sumeru Ring!
Not to mention that the Sumeru Ring contained Luo Zheng's entire fortune, including a large amount of Sky Evolution Essence, and even the crab-shaped accessory used to resist the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray was stuffed inside. Moreover, this Sumeru Ring was originally given to Luo Zheng by Ning Yudie. How could he hand it over so easily?
At this time, the others' faces also darkened. If this Sumeru Ring was taken away, without the orange-yellow light shield released by the crab to resist the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray, how could they leave unscathed? Not to mention leaving the fog, they would probably be shot to death by the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray as soon as they left the vicious scorpion's inner world!
How could they let others take away something that was a matter of life and death?
"Don't give it to him!" Ling Yan said coldly.
A murderous look appeared on everyone's faces. If this green-skinned person wanted to snatch Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring by force, they could only choose to fight. Although they couldn't circulate their True Essence, they could still fight these green-skinned people with the strength of their physical bodies!
When the green-skinned person saw that Luo Zheng didn't move, he mumbled a few more words and then reached out to take Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring. Luo Zheng's fists were already clenched. At this distance, he could completely crush this green-skinned person with a single punch!
At this time, Yun Luo suddenly said indifferently, "Luo Zheng, give the Sumeru Ring to him first."
"But …" Luo Zheng frowned. It wasn't that he didn't believe Yun Luo. Perhaps it was because of his initial good impression of Yun Luo, but he faintly felt that Yun Luo's side might be right. If he obtained the inheritance, he could judge whether it was right or wrong. He was very likely to stand on Yun Luo's side.
However, this Sumeru Ring had a different meaning to Luo Zheng. It was very difficult for him to give in.
"This Sumeru Ring will be taken back," Yun Luo said with certainty. "Moreover, these people don't know how to recognize a master. They can't open the Sumeru Ring … Believe me!"
Yun Luo said a few words in a row. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of hesitation. After thinking about it, Luo Zheng tore off the Sumeru Ring from his neck and handed it to the green-skinned person.
The green-skinned person mumbled something again, and a light smile appeared on his face.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and stared at the green-skinned person. Then, he turned around and entered the prison. Luo Zheng's heart was naturally filled with murderous intent. After he entered the prison, the prison gate's bars closed with a bang. Luo Zheng stared at Yun Luo with a calm face and said, "No matter what your purpose is, you must give me an explanation now!"
Everyone's eyes turned to Yun Luo once more. They had followed Yun Luo all this time; they weren't prisoners of the prison.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng. Then, she cautiously said, "The inheritance you are looking for is within this vicious scorpion's inner world."
Yun Luo's answer didn't surprise Luo Zheng, but it also didn't satisfy Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo closed her eyes and thought for a moment. Then, she said, "It's as you have guessed. The entire Dark Nether Cave is in fact a struggle between two human Empyreans. And, what these two Empyreans are fighting over is a fragment."
"Empyrean!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The first time that Luo Zheng heard of an Empyrean was because of the transcendent divine might passed down by the Red Dragon! The Stellar War Body was created by a powerhouse called Empyrean Stellar Star. For a powerhouse to create such a transcendent divine might, their strength had reached unimaginable heights!
Even in the upper realms, Empyreans were extremely rare existences.
Yun Luo nodded. "Our human race isn't a monolithic entity in the upper realms. Instead, we are divided into three major forces. The largest force is led by Empyrean Original Sin. Empyrean Original Sin leads 4,000 great realms! The second-ranked force is led by Empyrean Oracle, who leads 3,000 great realms. The weakest force is Empyrean Thunder Punishment, who leads 2,000 great realms. "
"If the forces of the human race are combined, wouldn't there be over 10,000 great realms?" Zhao Fenqin asked, his eyes wide open.
Ascending to the upper realms was the dream of every martial artist. Because the humans of the Sea God Continent were extremely weak, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others had subconsciously thought that the human race was relatively weak in the upper realms. They had never imagined that the human race could lead over 10,000 great realms!
Luo Zheng was also very surprised. He had heard from Qinglong that the human race was very powerful in the upper realms. However, he hadn't expected it to be this powerful.
Wasn't there only one great realm in the entire True Dragon Race? But the human race actually had over 10,000 great realms? The difference between them was too great!
"I never thought that the human race would be so powerful in the upper realms." Zhou Zhuohe smacked his lips, his face filled with yearning.
Meng Chong and Tian Hu didn't say anything, but when they heard this, they were incomparably shocked. In the Tower of Sin, the Demon Race had always preached that the Demon Race was the most perfect race, and that races like the Human Race were purely inferior races! Whether it was in terms of talent or potential, the human race was far inferior to the demon race.
However, because of Luo Zheng's appearance, the demon race's words had been easily overturned.
Now, from what Yun Luo had said, the human race was actually so terrifying in the upper realms!
At that moment, Xun appeared and smiled faintly. "What's so great about having over 10,000 great realms? The human race doesn't dare to wage war against our demon race. Hmph!"
Yun Luo glanced at Xun indifferently, then shook her head. "Your demon race is indeed very powerful, but unfortunately, your reproductive ability is too weak. Perhaps in a thousand years, the human race won't be able to surpass you, but in a few years, we will definitely leave you in the dust."
The demon race's individual strength was great, but their reproductive ability was low. This was the greatest flaw of a race! That was why, when the demon race had conquered many great realms, they hadn't been able to send many of their people to garrison them. Even now, the demon race had only conquered over a thousand great realms.
"Hmph, in the upper realms, there are those who measure their strength by the number of great realms they control," Xun said, unconvinced.
Yun Luo shook her head. "Let's not talk about this for now. I'll talk about the conflict between Heavenly Sovereign Oracle and Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin. Originally, I couldn't talk about this in front of you, so I didn't tell Luo Zheng."
The "you" Yun Luo was referring to was Xun.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 653
The Yao Night Clan was different from the other clans because they had their own soul statues and could easily communicate with the Upper Realm.
Thus, no matter if it was the Yao Night Clan in the Upper Realm or the Yao Night Clan scattered in the Lower Realm, they were all closely connected.
However, the other clans were different. Although some clans could communicate with the Upper Realm through secret techniques, this kind of communication was not close. For example, the Human Clan in the Purple Heart Holy Land knew nothing about the Human Clan in the Upper Realm, let alone that the Human Clan had such an important position in the Upper Realm.
What Yun Luo was most afraid of was that one of the three Kings of the Yao Night Clan, King Xun, who controlled slaughter, was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit. This was one of the main reasons why Yun Luo was hesitant.
Yun Luo's apprehension was not without reason. The Human Clan and the Yao Night Clan were competitors in the Upper Realm, and the secret in the Xuanming Cave was very important. Moreover, it was an internal conflict between the Human Clan.
Xun smiled when she heard Yun Luo's words. "Then you don't have to worry about anything. I've already lost everything. The only thing I can rely on now is Luo Zheng."
Xun had kept the last of her soul to follow Luo Zheng. Naturally, she hoped to make a comeback one day. However, for a certain period of time, she would still be Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit.
"Speak," Luo Zheng said as he stared at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo suddenly shook her head. "My thoughts are indeed a bit naive. After all, the Heavenly Dao Fragment will be given to Luo Zheng."
"What? The Heavenly Dao Fragment? " Xun's expression changed greatly when she heard Yun Luo's words. As the King of the Yao Night Clan, she was able to remain calm no matter what happened. It was as if nothing in this world could move her. However, when Yun Luo's words fell, her face was filled with shock!
Xun was extremely shocked, but the others did not have much of a reaction.
For example, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Meng Chongtian Hu, and the two peak War Supremacies from the Yao Night Clan were confused when they saw Xun's overreaction.
Ling Yan was especially flabbergasted. She understood Xun's position the best. In the entire Great Wide World, it would be difficult for Xun to be so emotionally moved. Even when everyone saw the indescribably huge ferocious scorpion, Xun's face was still indifferent.
After all, as the ruler of the Night Demon Clan in the Upper Realm, Xun had probably seen many Super Divine Beasts. Although this Vicious Scorpion was comparable to a Super Divine Beast and was the gatekeeper of Hell, in the end, it was only an extremely powerful Vicious Beast.
Yun Luo stared at Xun calmly. She frowned and a threatening look appeared in her eyes. "The Heavenly Law Fragment belongs to the human race. It has nothing to do with your Night Demon Clan."
Xun's shocked expression slowly calmed down. After thinking for a while, she sneered and said, "Are you afraid that I will get involved?" Then, her gaze landed on Luo Zheng. She said, "This is fate. Luo Zheng has the fate of a great era. He traveled thousands of miles to the Sea God Continent. Who would have thought that he would inherit a fragment of the Heavenly Dao …"
Luo Zheng frowned. He stared at Yun Luo and said, "Since the Heavenly Law Fragment is so important, why don't you take it yourself?"
From a certain perspective, Yun Luo didn't need Luo Zheng. She could have entered the Xuanming Cave and taken the item hidden there herself!
The Heavenly Law Fragment was indeed hidden deep enough. She had placed a layer of cursed land on the surface of the Sea God Continent and then used the Tower of Sin to suppress the Xuanming Cave. She had even brought a Vicious Beast guarding Hell here and hid it in the Vicious Beast's body!
"Because she can't take it." Xun smiled.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo hesitated for a moment before saying, "I don't have the jade butterfly to draw the Southern Dipper Immortal Root up here. I can't open the Vicious Scorpion's mouth. Most importantly, I'm only a clone. I don't have a complete soul. I can't carry the Heavenly Law Fragment."
Xun had left a clone of himself in the Massacre Sword Mountain in his early years. Yun Luo had cut her soul into millions of pieces and placed them in the Lower Realm to cultivate. Carrying the Heavenly Law Fragment required a complete soul. Both of them couldn't refine the Heavenly Law Fragment.
"Then, where is the Heavenly Law Fragment?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo immediately said, "I learned the language of these green-skinned people by searching Xiu Ye's mind. There's an important piece of information in Xiu Ye's mind. Those people sealed the Heavenly Law Fragment and handed it over to the green-skinned people's prophet for safekeeping. It became their race's sacred object! That's why I told them that I knew their prophet. That's why they brought me here. "
"In other words, we're going to take away their race's sacred object?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Yun Luo replied.
"Then how do we leave this place?" Ling Yan asked.
This question was more important. At this point, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin didn't care much about what the Heavenly Law Fragment was. After all, the conflict in the Upper Realm had nothing to do with them.
"Once we find the sacred object, we can leave," Yun Luo replied.
Everyone found a corner in the prison and closed their eyes to rest. The rules in this Spirit Space were different. Everyone couldn't mobilize their Vital Energy and Vital Spirit, so they could only conserve their energy. If they were to snatch the other party's sacred object, a great battle would be inevitable. It would be very strenuous to fight with just their physical bodies!
In this Spirit Space, even the flow of time was completely different. There was no sun, moon, or stars in the sky. Everyone couldn't tell the time, so they could only wait in boredom.
Not long after, a group of green-skinned people finally appeared outside the prison.
The green-skinned person in the lead wore a withered circlet on his head. Next to the circlet were three fist-sized skulls. He held a crooked walking stick in his hand. Surrounded by many green-skinned people, he slowly walked toward the prison.
"Is that the green-skinned people's prophet?" Luo Zheng asked, looking at the green-skinned person in the lead.
Yun Luo stood up, shook her head, and said, "I don't know." Then she walked over in her wooden clogs and began to communicate with the green-skinned person in the lead.
The green-skinned person in the lead was constantly muttering something, while Yun Luo's expression was indifferent. Her thin lips were constantly replying.
After the two of them communicated for a while, the green-skinned person in the lead fiercely poked the ground, turned around, and left. The other green-skinned people pointed their spears at Yun Luo, Luo Zheng, and the others. After humming and provoking for a while, they also left with the green-skinned person in the lead.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo blinked, then shook her head and said, "Communication failed. They plan to execute us tomorrow."
Hearing this, everyone stood up. It would be best if they could successfully obtain the sacred object of this race. Now that they couldn't communicate, they could only take action.
It was impossible to estimate the cultivation of these green-skinned people. They had completely cultivated in the Minor Dimension, and the laws they had grasped were in accordance with the laws of this Minor Dimension. However, the Minor Dimension itself had a great restriction on them. This was because the entire Minor Dimension relied on the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi absorbed by the vicious scorpions.
Luo Zheng approached the edge of the fence and hooked his finger at a green-skinned person not far away. That green-skinned person was the one who had taken Luo Zheng's spatial ring.
At this time, the green-skinned person was still focused on playing with Luo Zheng's spatial ring, looking for the trick. Seeing Luo Zheng beckoning, the green-skinned person casually walked toward Luo Zheng, saying something unknown.
However, just as the green-skinned man approached, Luo Zheng's hand shot out like a bolt of lightning, instantly grabbing the spatial ring. Then, with a kick, even if he didn't use astral essence, Luo Zheng's strength was still terrifying when he erupted with it!
"Boom!"
Under Luo Zheng's kick, the prison fence, which was four to five feet wide, collapsed, instantly covering the green-skinned person. Luo Zheng directly walked over and stepped on the green-skinned person's head. The green-skinned person's head was like a smashed watermelon, blood splattering everywhere!
Luo Zheng lightly tapped the spatial ring, and a long spear suddenly shot out behind him. Not far behind him, Xun caught the long spear. At the same time, Luo Zheng took out the broken throwing knife and fastened the ring on the end of the knife to his thumb!
With a light wave of his hand, the flying dagger left a trail of white light in the air and shot straight ahead!

Chapter 654
The throwing knife circled around Luo Zheng, and in the blink of an eye, the necks of the surrounding green-skinned men were cut off, their heads separated from their bodies.
As for Xun, he pointed his long spear at a green-skinned man from afar.
The group of green-skinned men hadn't gone far, but when they heard the violent explosion behind them, they immediately turned their heads. Their faces were filled with astonishment. They had thought that there were a few sheep locked up in the prison, but they didn't expect it to be a pack of ferocious wolves!
The green-skinned leader's face darkened. He gently waved his walking stick and pointed at Luo Zheng and the others. The green-skinned men around him flew into the sky and attacked Luo Zheng with their long spears!
A cold smile flashed across Luo Zheng's face. He poured the power of the dragon scale into his feet and stomped on the ground. His body shot up into the sky, and the throwing knife in his hand spun rapidly around Luo Zheng, emitting a dazzling light.
The green-skinned men were killed before they could even raise their spears. They fell to the ground one after another.
Although the laws of cultivation of the creatures in this small world were different from those of Luo Zheng and the others, if one had to measure their cultivation, these green-skinned men were only equivalent to warriors in the Divine Reflection Realm, which was equivalent to warriors in the Sea God Continent.
However, because the laws of this small world were not as strong as those in the Great Thousand World, they were even weaker than the Divine Reflection Realm warriors in the Great Thousand World.
Previously, it was Yun Luo who stopped Luo Zheng and the others from being captured by them. How could they be merciful to them?
Dozens of green-skinned men were instantly cut down by Luo Zheng's throwing knife. Then, his figure flashed, and he shot toward the green-skinned leader!
The green-skinned leader was also frightened by the scene in front of him. How could he have imagined that this group of outsiders would be so fierce? In a moment of desperation, he waved the walking stick in his hand, and his figure quickly rose into the sky. Obviously, he knew that Luo Zheng and the others couldn't fly and wanted to distance themselves from him!
At the same time, the sound of a bugle horn constantly came from the surroundings!
This was originally a stronghold built by the green-skinned men, and an army of green-skinned men was stationed here. As soon as the bugle horn sounded, the entire stronghold began to become restless.
Facing the green-skinned leader who was rapidly rising into the sky, Luo Zheng bent his legs and squatted down slightly. A steady stream of the power of the dragon scale poured out, and he suddenly shot upward!
The speed of his rise was many times faster than that of the green-skinned man. The green-skinned leader's face was filled with horror, and in a panic, he raised the walking stick in his hand and chanted something. Then, he swung it heavily swung it heavily toward Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo, and the others....
Even the flames that contained the precepts of fire could not harm Luo Zheng in the slightest, let alone these ordinary fire clouds. Luo Zheng instantly rushed out of the fire clouds, but at this time, the force that propelled him upward had already weakened, and his speed had also slowed down. There was still some distance between him and the green-skinned leader.
.. The green-skinned leader heaved a sigh of relief, and continued to swing his walking stick, sending down layers of Luo Zheng Luo.
But Luo Zheng suddenly raised his right hand, and a white light flickered once again. The broken throwing knife drilled out of the Luo and pierced through the chest of the green-skinned leader!
Then, Luo Zheng and the green-skinned leader both fell from the sky. Luo Zheng stood firmly on the ground, but the green-skinned leader fell from the sky.
Not far away, the green-skinned army continued to gather and press toward Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng and the others turned a blind eye to it. Their current goal was very simple: take the holy relic, leave this pocket dimension, and return to the Tower of Sin.
Yun Luo slowly walked toward the green-skinned leader and communicated with him in their language. The green-skinned leader's face was filled with determination. He clutched his chest and kept roaring.
"What did he say?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo stared at the green-skinned leader and said to Luo Zheng, "He doesn't want to tell us the location of the holy relic. Even if we kill him, he won't tell us."
"Then kill him." After saying that, Luo Zheng's throwing knife flashed and ended the life of the demon leader.
Not far away, the green-skinned army was still watching. After all, their leader was in Luo Zheng's hands, and they were still a little cautious. Some of the green-skinned leaders were even roaring loudly. Even without Yun Luo's translation, Luo Zheng and the others could roughly guess what they were saying. They were probably asking them to hand over the green-skinned leader and spare their lives.
But now, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest scruple and directly took the life of the green-skinned leader. The green-skinned people at the front immediately raised the spears in their hands and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Behind these hundreds of green-skinned people, there were thousands of green-skinned people.
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and the others no longer had the slightest hesitation on their faces. At this time, a bloody massacre was unfolding!
The throwing knife in Luo Zheng's hand drew out streaks of white light, like a dancing light wheel, reaping the lives of these green-skinned people. Those green-skinned people fell one after another like wheat being harvested.
As for Xun's spear, every thrust of his spear pierced through a long line. These green-skinned people could not stop Xun's advance at all.
Luo Zheng relied on his physical body and strength in this small world, and this small world had little influence on Xun. Therefore, their attacks were the fiercest. As for Ling Yan, Meng Chong, and Zhao Fenqin, they were much inferior!
Rows of green-skinned people fell one after another. Even the green-skinned people who rushed into the sky could not escape Luo Zheng's fatal throwing knife. As the white light flashed, those green-skinned people in the air were like locusts, shot down by Luo Zheng's throwing knife.
Although there were many green-skinned people in this army, they were decreasing at a visible speed!
When Luo Zheng was halfway through his killing spree, the remaining green-skinned people finally broke down. There was no longer any anger or courage on their faces, only fear and wailing. Then, they began to retreat continuously. Many of the green-skinned people fled in all directions in panic.
"Follow them," Yun Luo said expressionlessly.
The entire army of green-skinned people in the walled city began to run outside, retreating into the depths of the wilderness!
Luo Zheng and the others also maintained a uniform speed, following behind the scattered green-skinned people.
Luo Zheng and the others did not have the intention to explore how big this small world was and how many races there were in it. After all, this was not the goal of their trip. Since the sacred object could not be obtained through trickery, they could only choose to seize it now!
Following the retreating green-skinned people army, Luo Zheng kept moving forward. After walking for about a hundred miles, a towering city finally appeared in front of them.
A city of this level was naturally nothing in the eyes of Luo Zheng and the others. It could not be compared to the Holy Land on the Sea God Continent at all. However, compared to the simple and crude walled city from before, it was naturally much better.
The army of green-skinned people rushed to the city gate. Then, a group of green-skinned people suddenly appeared on the city wall. These green-skinned people gritted their teeth and tried to pry something. Soon, Luo Zheng and the others heard a rumbling sound. It turned out that a huge rock had rolled out of the city and was stuck on the city gate.
Luo Zheng and the others' expressions did not change at all. Although the city wall was ten feet high, Luo Zheng could easily jump over it with a light leap!
"It seems that these green-skinned people also have natural enemies in this small world," Luo Zheng said.
"It has nothing to do with us. Let's rush in, get the sacred object, and leave." Smog held a long spear and was about to fly up. The others could not fly, but Smog could easily do it!
"Wait." Luo Zheng stopped Smog. "Let me do it."
Ling Yan and the others watched as Luo Zheng slowly walked towards the huge rock. Zhao Fenqin looked at Luo Zheng's back suspiciously and asked, "What is he trying to do?"
No one answered his question. Luo Zheng walked over without asking. There were still many green-skinned people on the city wall shooting arrows and even throwing spears at Luo Zheng. This level of attack could not cause any harm to Luo Zheng, let alone stop Luo Zheng's footsteps.
When Luo Zheng approached, he raised his head and looked at the huge rock. This huge rock was twenty feet high. In front of Luo Zheng, it was like a medium-sized mountain blocking the city gate.
Luo Zheng gently took a breath, clenched his fist, and gathered the power of the dragon scale. Then, he punched the huge rock.

Chapter 655
Luo Zheng's fist, which contained the power of Bai Wanjun, smashed into the boulder, and a slight muffled sound was heard.
"Pop!"
The sound wasn't loud, as if it came from inside the boulder, but everyone heard it clearly.
Soon after, dense cracks began to appear on the boulder. The cracks were very fine, as if an eggshell had been evenly smashed. When the cracks appeared on the boulder, it began to collapse. The boulder turned into powder and fell down …
A gust of wind blew …
"Huff … Huff …"
Luo Zheng was submerged in the surging powder. After a long time, the powder dissipated. The boulder in front of them had also dissipated, leaving behind a pile of powder on the ground.
Many of the green-skinned people on the city wall had a horrified look on their faces. They kept exclaiming in a language that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. At this time, the green-skinned people realized that the person in front of them wasn't someone they could fight against.
Not to mention the green-skinned people, even Meng Chong and the others couldn't hide the shock on their faces. If Meng Chong could use his Astral Essence, he would be able to smash such a large rock into powder with a single punch. It wouldn't be too difficult.
However, the rules of this small world were different. All Vital Essence and Vital Essence were prohibited. Luo Zheng had just achieved this effect with the strength of his body. Was there a ferocious beast living in this guy's body?
Yun Luo also understood Luo Zheng's intention. She looked up at the city wall and said something in the language of the green-skinned people. After Yun Luo communicated with the green-skinned people, she said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go in."
Everyone crossed the city gate and entered the interior of the city. The style of this city was very different from that of the Human Race. There were green-skinned people holding long spears on the streets and alleys, surrounding them. However, at this time, none of the green-skinned people dared to attack them. Luo Zheng's punch had left a deep impression on them. In their hearts, a god-like expert like Luo Zheng was invincible.
Not long after, the green-skinned people in front of Luo Zheng, who were retreating with spears in their hands, opened up a path. Three green-skinned people walked out from the path. The green-skinned person in the lead wore a reddish-gold crown and held a brocade box in his hand.
The green-skinned man with the crown on his head should be their emperor. The green-skinned emperor said something to Luo Zheng. After he finished speaking, he raised the brocade box high up in the air.
Yun Luo, who was standing beside Luo Zheng, translated, "He said that they are willing to offer the sacred relic, but on one condition."
"What condition?" asked Luo Zheng asked.
"To help them kill another race in the north," Yun Luo replied.
"Not interested." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng didn't want to get involved in the dispute in this Spirit Space. He didn't want to waste time here.
Yun Luo then relayed Luo Zheng's words. The green-skinned emperor's face showed a trace of disappointment, but in the end, he still handed the brocade box to Luo Zheng. Perhaps he understood that this sacred relic wasn't something that their race could keep. Even if it wasn't Luo Zheng, there would be other alien races who would take it away.
Luo Zheng took the brocade box from the emperor's hand and gently opened it with his hand. After opening the brocade box, he found a long and narrow crystal inside. This crystal wasn't complete. It looked like a broken gem, exuding a magnificent aura.
When Yun Luo and Xun saw this crystal, their eyes showed a trace of passion. They had never seen the Heavenly Dao fragment, but they knew of its existence!
Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed the fragment. It was cold to the touch. "This is the Heavenly Dao fragment? It doesn't seem to be any different from an ordinary crystal. "
But at this moment, a violent roar suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind. A complicated sound came from the Heavenly Dao fragment, and an aura that seemed to come from the whole universe poured into Luo Zheng's mind!
"This is …"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened. At this moment, he seemed to see the evolution of the whole universe, the vicissitudes of life over the past billions of years!
"Pa!"
Yun Luo raised her hand and knocked the Heavenly Dao fragment from Luo Zheng's hand to the ground. Then Yun Luo said lightly, "Your soul is indeed very strong, but it can't contain it at this time!"
"What's the use of the Heavenly Dao fragment?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Yun Luo looked at Luo Zheng hesitantly and then said, "You'll know when the time comes. I hope you can choose the right path."
Xun sneered and said, "Why don't you just ask Luo Zheng to stand on your side? Stand on the side of Celestial Lord Oracle!"
Yun Luo was a force that belonged to Celestial Lord Oracle.
Yun Luo said lightly, "Luo Zheng has the destiny to fight for the world. He has his own path to walk. No matter which side he stands on, he will eventually walk on the right path."
Xun was too lazy to argue with Yun Luo. She turned her head to the side and stopped talking.
There wasn't only one Heavenly Dao fragment in the brocade box. There was also a small formation plate next to the Heavenly Dao fragment.
"What's this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"We need it to leave the fog formation." Yun Luo nodded.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Ling Yan and the others' eyes twitched. They didn't care what the Heavenly Dao fragment was, but this formation plate was very important. If they wanted to leave the fog, they had to use this formation plate!
After getting these two things, they didn't want to stay here for long. They immediately left the city of the green-skinned people and began to return along the way.
"How do we leave the inner world of this scorpion?" Ling Yan asked.
"We go out the same way we came in." At this time, Yun Luo took the lead and walked in front.
"Since we can leave this inner world, then the natives of this inner world should also be able to leave, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly thought of this question and asked.
Yun Luo shook her head and smiled. "These natives were born from this inner world. They follow the rules of this inner world, so they can't sense the exit of this inner world. However, we are outsiders. We are suppressed and rejected by the rules of this inner world. That's why we have the chance to leave!"
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Just as Luo Zheng had guessed before, if the entire universe was the inner world of some giant beast, then the experts in this universe also followed the rules of this inner world, including vital essence, vital essence, and all kinds of power of law!
Did this mean that they themselves couldn't sense the exit of the entire universe?
Now was not the time to think about this. They should leave Xuanming Cave first …
Time passed quickly.
The fog in the entire Xuanming Cave began to dissipate. In the blink of an eye, a month had passed.
In the Sin Tower, all the peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race were gathered in the hall at the top of the tower. Their expressions were very ugly.
Lord Mei had been checking the exit of the Sin Tower every day, but there was still no sign of Ling Yan and the others.
"It's been a month. If Ling Yan and the others still don't come back, the Xuanming Death Ray will fill the entire Xuanming Cave!" A peak War Reverend of the Demon Night Clan said.
Once the Xuanming Death Ray's intensity recovered, everyone in the Xuanming Cave would die. There had been no exception since the Sin Tower opened.
"Luo Zheng, it should be fine!" A peak War Reverend of the Human Race said.
In reality, whether it was the Demon Night Clan or the Human Race, the most nervous person wasn't Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan and the others. The most nervous person was Luo Zheng!
The Demon Night Clan was nervous about Luo Zheng's life because of Xun. They didn't want one of the Demon Night Clan's Kings to die in the Xuanming Cave. For this matter, Lord Mei had even sent people back to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land to investigate the Demon Night Clan's King Statue. Fortunately, Xun's statue was still glowing with a faint red light. This meant that Xun hadn't died, so Luo Zheng should still be alive!
The Human Race was worried about Luo Zheng's life. The reason was very simple. Luo Zheng was now the controller of the Sin Tower. If Luo Zheng died, it would be very easy for the Demon Race to make a comeback. Even the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land wouldn't have a good excuse to stop the Demon Race!
At that time, the Human Race's seats at the top of the Sin Tower would no longer exist. Even the entire Human Race in the Sin Tower would be dealt with by the Demon Race. No matter if it was a peak War Reverend, an ordinary War Reverend, or a relatively weak General.
This was something that the Human Race didn't want to see even if they were beaten to death.
What was even more troublesome was that once Luo Zheng died, the Demon Night Clan's King, as Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, would also disappear. This way, the Human Race's Purple Heart Sacred Land would lose the protection of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land. If the Purple Heart Sacred Land faced the Twin Devil Sacred Land, the only result would be destruction. The entire Human Race might be exterminated!
Because of this, many Human Race even developed resentment towards Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng's appearance, the Human Race would still be struggling at death's door. However, Luo Zheng's appearance had brought the Human Race a brief moment of glory. It had just given the Purple Heart Sacred Land a glimmer of hope. Who would've thought that this hope would be destroyed in less than a year? How could they be willing to accept this?
Apart from the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan, the other races were still maintaining a neutral attitude. However, the peak War Reverends of the Night Clan were secretly happy. As the deadline for the top of the Sin Tower came closer and closer, the probability of Luo Zheng dying in the Xuanming Cave was also increasing.
The Night Clan continuously sent this information to the Twin Devil Sacred Land!
As for the peak War Reverends of the Twin Devil Sacred Land, they were already rubbing their fists and preparing to enter the Sacred Land's teleportation array at any time. As long as the top of the Sin Tower closed, it would be time for them to settle the score!
A few days later, the red dot in the center of the Xuanming Cave suddenly became countless times brighter!
Some of the weaker creatures scattered in all directions. Those weak creatures couldn't resist the intensity of the Xuanming Death Ray and could only move around the edges of the Xuanming Cave. Only the truly powerful creatures could live in the inner layer of the Xuanming Cave! As for the core area, there were no other creatures. Apart from the Southern Dipper Immortal Root, no other creatures could survive here!
This was because as long as one stepped into the fog array, they would be slowly pulled into the abyss. No creature could resist the Xuanming Death Ray at close range.
"Close!"
"Bang!"
Under Lord Mei's command, the passage to the top of the Sin Tower was finally closed.
Although there was news from the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land that the king statue was still flickering with a faint red light, Lord Mei didn't believe that Luo Zheng and the others could return. This was because after Xuanming's death, no one had been able to return from the Xuanming Cave.
Not only did Luo Zheng die inside, Ling Yan's death was also a great loss to the Demon Night Clan. After all, she was the strongest Seat Controller. Without her, it would be very difficult for the Demon Night Clan to fight against Meng Tian!
If Meng Tian killed his way back to the Sin Tower now, the Demon Night Clan would be in a very passive situation.
"It's over, it's over, it's over!" A peak War Reverend of the Human Race said with a long face. "This is troublesome!"
The faces of the Peak War Reverends of the Human Clan were all dark. Among the Human Clan, only Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were in charge of the overall situation. The other seat controllers could not even get on the stage. Most of the Peak War Reverends did not even have the qualifications to become seat controllers and could only stay on the fourteenth floor of the Sin Tower!
How could they fight against the powerful Demon Race?
There was a certain teleportation array in the Cursed Land. The teleportation array was engraved with all kinds of majestic patterns. There were also sculptures of birds and beasts around it. It looked very mighty and domineering. This was the Demon Race's teleportation array!
The Demon Race used to control the Sin Tower. Even the teleportation array made by the Demon Race was much more majestic than the other races.
Following an intense flash of white light, a figure the size of a small mountain appeared. It was the peak War Reverend of the Demon Race, Meng Tian!
After leaving the Sin Tower, many peak War Reverends of the Demon Race chose to break through. They had accumulated Light of Good Fortune for many years. It wasn't difficult for them to break through the bottleneck. However, Meng Tian didn't choose to break through!
This was because when Meng Tian left, he had already planned a counterattack. As long as Luo Zheng entered the Xuanming Cave, Meng Chong and Tian Hu would be enough to kill Luo Zheng!
Therefore, from the first day Luo Zheng entered the Xuanming Cave, Meng Tian had already prepared to return. He was not in a hurry to break through, after all, Meng Tian still wanted to become the ruler of the Sin Tower! Therefore, in the Twin Devil Holy Land, Meng Tian was still suppressing his cultivation. He was waiting for this day!
Following Meng Tian's appearance, one peak War Reverend after another walked out of the teleportation array with sinister smiles on their faces!
Taking revenge after enduring patiently was the most satisfying thing. The demons being driven out of the Tower of Sin was a humiliation that they could not bear. Today, it was time to wash away this humiliation!
Many peak War Reverends of the Demon Race were like moving hills as they approached the Sin Tower. When they approached the Sin Tower, many creatures in the small town saw this scene and their expressions changed. They knew very well that there was going to be a big commotion in the Sin Tower!
Back then, these creatures had watched the Demon Race leave, and now, they were witnessing the return of the Demon Race!
At the entrance of the Sin Tower stood two Giant Clan guards. When they saw a group of peak War Reverends of the Demon Race appear in front of them, their faces immediately revealed expressions of fear.
How could Meng Tian lower himself to the level of these Giant Clan warriors? He only coldly roared: "Open the door!"
The two Giant Clan guards hurriedly opened the door of the Sin Tower. Following that, many Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race filed in and entered the first floor of the Sin Tower!
On the first floor of the Sin Tower, many creatures were still fighting in the arena. However, when those creatures saw the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race, they were all shocked.
"Why are these Demon Race back! Didn't Luo Zheng expel them? "
"You're too uninformed. I heard that Luo Zheng died in the exploration of the Xuanming Cave!"
"It can't be. If that's the case, wouldn't the Human Race be in trouble?"
"We can only blame that Luo Zheng for overestimating himself. He's just a war general, yet he dared to explore the Xuanming Cave. Not only is he courting death, he has also harmed the entire Human Race!"
The creatures of the various races discussed animatedly.
There were still many Human Race warriors on the first floor. At this time, all of their expressions were extremely ugly. Back then, the warriors of the Human Race's Purple Heart Holy Land had to become a war general before they could enter the Sin Tower to train. However, after Luo Zheng took control of the Sin Tower, the status of the Human Race in the Sin Tower greatly increased. Many warriors also stepped into the Sin Tower to train.
Now that these warriors saw the return of the Demon Race, they naturally understood what had happened. The entire Human Race in the Tower of Sin would most likely be dealt with. These Human Race warriors wanted to secretly leave the Tower of Sin, but their legs seemed to be filled with lead, they couldn't even take a step!
The Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race did not panic. Their bodies emitted a ruthless aura as they entered in a single file and stepped onto the second floor, the third floor … With so many Peak War Reverends, almost every time they stepped onto a floor, they would attract the attention of other creatures.
Very quickly, Meng Tian finally climbed to the fifteenth floor!
Meng Tian's heavy iron boots stepped on the hall at the top of the tower. Then, he took a deep breath and roared towards the small worlds in the depths: "All seat controllers, get out here with me!"
"Get out here!"
"Get out here for us!"
Behind Meng Tian, many of the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race roared.
Not long later, the doors to the small worlds opened one by one, and many seat controllers walked out one after another.
The Night Clan's seat controllers were the first to appear, and after those seat controllers came out, they stood beside Meng Tian. The Night Clan had always been a vassal of the Demon Race, and even though the Demon Race had been chased out of the Sin Tower, they were still unable to change this reality. After all, their Night Clan's Eternal Night Sacred Grounds was still under the protection of the Twin Devil Sacred Grounds.
The last to appear were the many Peak War Reverends of the Human Race, as well as the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan.
Meng Tian swept his gaze across the Peak War Reverends of the Human Race, and suddenly let out a violent laugh, "The Peak War Reverends of the Human Race … Aren't they all the guys who used to be on the fourteenth floor? What qualifications do you have to become the seat controllers? Hahahahaha! "
"Hahahahaha …"
All the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race laughed along, and even the Peak War Reverends of the Night Clan laughed together.
The faces of the Peak War Reverends of the Human Race were ashen. They were very angry, but there was nothing they could do about it. In the Sin Tower, strength was the reason. Without Luo Zheng, they were nothing!
On the other hand, the Demon Night Clan was relatively calm. After all, they had the powerful Heavenly Feather Sacred Grounds as their backing. Lord Mei coldly said: "Speak, what do you want to do?"
(Combine into one chapter)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 656
The laughter of the peak war reverends from the Yao Night Clan gradually faded away. Meng Tian slowly walked forward, and his aura became more and more domineering. Every time he took a step forward, a small hole would be left on the floor, but it would quickly return to normal.
"What do we want to do? Haha, "Meng Tian coldly stared at Lord Mei and laughed," The Yao Night Clan will give up half of their seats, and all the humans in the Sin Tower, regardless of whether they are peak war reverends or generals, will commit suicide! "
When Meng Tian said this, the expressions of all the humans and Yao Night Clan members on the top floor changed.
"What? All the humans will commit suicide? That's too much! "
"The demons are too domineering! Are they really the only ones in this world? "
"The demons have always been domineering. This time, the humans and Yao Night Clan are going to be in big trouble!"
Meng Tian gave off a domineering aura as he coldly stared at Lord Mei and said, "I wonder if the Yao Night Clan will accept this suggestion?"
If it was in the past, the Yao Night Clan would naturally not accept such a domineering suggestion. Although the Yao Night Clan had a few extra seats, this time, the Yao Night Clan had to give up half of their seats. This was something that the Yao Night Clan could not accept!
The Yao Night Clan did not suffer many losses in this trip to the Mysterious Underworld Cave, but the most important people, Xun and Ling Yan, were left behind in the Mysterious Underworld Cave!
Lord Mei's expression sank as he coldly laughed, "Meng Tian, do you think the Yao Night Clan only has Ling Yan?"
The 128 seats at the top of the Sin Tower were all peak war reverends, except for the humans. There was a difference between peak war reverends, but the difference was not that great. Moreover, the Yao Night Clan was stronger than the demons, so the Yao Night Clan was not necessarily afraid of the demons. The only troublesome thing for the Yao Night Clan was Meng Tian!
Meng Tian suddenly laughed, "What? What else does the Yao Night Clan have to rely on? The Heavenly Feather Holy Land? No matter how strong the Heavenly Feather Holy Land is, it won't dare to rashly start a war with the Twin Demon Holy Land! Moreover, the demons still have war reverends in the Sin Tower! "
Meng Tian did not know whether Meng Chong and Tian Hu were dead or alive. He did not have time to investigate the secret passage, but he had used a sound transmission talisman with Meng Chong, but he did not receive a reply.
However, this did not matter too much. Even if Meng Chong and Tian Hu died, they could still create more Battle-Saints. This was because until now, only the Demon Race knew the secret of the secret passage.
Actually, because of the appearance of Tianqiong and Tianhui, the two Battle-Saints of the Devil Race, many races had already begun to suspect that the Devil Race had done something to the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
This was not a difficult guess. Many races had already come up with all sorts of theories, hypotheses, and experiments. One of them was that breaking through in the Mysterious Underworld Cave would not be affected by the cursed lands. However, due to the existence of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, even if one broke through to the Battle Saint realm, they would still die.
In the past, a Beastman Peak War Saint broke through in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. He even relied on his strength after breaking through and broke into an ominous area in the outer region of the Mysterious Underworld Cave, obtaining a good opportunity. However, when the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray spread throughout the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave, that Beastman War Saint was forced to return to the Sin Tower. After surviving in the Sin Tower for a month, he finally fell.
It was a pity that the other races did not discover the secret passage at the bottom of the Tower of Sin …
Seeing that Lord Mei was silent, Meng Tian sneered, "You can think about it! However, I want to tell you that I'm not giving you a suggestion, but an order! "
Meng Tian felt that there was no need for him to discuss with the Yao Ye Clan. If it wasn't for the Sky Feather Holy Land and Liu Yu himself, Meng Tian would have massacred both the Human and Yao Clans today!
After saying this, Meng Tian turned his head and looked to the other side. The Peak War Saints of the Human Race all had gloomy expressions, as if they were lambs waiting to be slaughtered!
Before Meng Tian could say anything, one of the Peak War Saints of the Human Race suddenly said, "Our Human Race can take a step back and lead all of our Human Race out of the Tower of Sin!"
This was already a huge step back. Every Holy Land knew how important the Tower of Sin was to a race. Cultivating in the Tower of Sin could save hundreds of years of time. It was countless times faster than cultivating in the outside world!
Leaving the Tower of Sin was equivalent to the Human Race cutting off their own future. In the future, the Purple Heart Holy Land's development speed would fall behind the Holy Lands of the other races. The decline of the entire Human Holy Land was inevitable!
"Take a step back!" Meng Tian sneered, "What qualifications do you humans have to talk to me about taking a step back!"
It could be said that Meng Tian hated the Human Race to death. After all, the Yao Ye Clan was only in an alliance with the Human Race. Moreover, the reason why the Yao Ye Clan interfered was because of Luo Zheng, that human brat's sword spirit! Therefore, the reason why all of the Demon Race were expelled from the Tower of Sin was because of the Human Race. How could Meng Tian let the Human Race off so easily?
"Then what do you want? Our Human Race has already left the Tower of Sin! "A Peak War Saint of the Human Race said angrily.
"Haha!" Meng Tian laughed wildly, his tall and sturdy figure suddenly took a step forward, and in the blink of an eye, he crossed a distance of fifty to sixty feet. His huge hand that was the size of a palm-leaf fan extended out like a bolt of lightning, and in the blink of an eye, he grabbed the head of the Peak war elder of the Human Clan, "What else do you want! Didn't I already say it? "
"Bang!"
Meng Tian sneered, he extended his hand and pinched hard. Before the Peak war elder could even circulate his true essence, his head exploded like a watermelon, and then, Meng Tian threw the corpse of the Peak war elder to the side as if he was still trash, and turned his gaze to the rest of the Human Clan!
Many of the Peak war reverends of the Human Clan had died in the Profound Nether Cave, and the remaining Peak war reverends were indeed not strong enough. Most of them could only stay on the fourteenth floor, and did not have the strength to compete for the seats, so how could they resist an expert like Meng Tian?
A portion of the Peak War Saints of the Human Race looked towards the Yao Ye Clan for help, but the Yao Ye Clan could not even protect themselves, so how could they help the Human Race? Lord Mei and the others pretended not to see anything.
"Meng Tian, you Demon Race are ignoring the rules of the Tower of Sin and attacking here!" A Peak War Saint of the Human Race clenched his teeth and said angrily.
Meng Tian sneered: "Rules? Actually, let me tell you, there have never been any rules in the Tower of Sin. The law of the jungle is the only rule here! Right now, I am the rule here! "
With that, Meng Tian took another step forward and punched the Peak War Saint with his heavy fist.
"Bam!"
The Peak War Saint of the Human Race was like a sandbag as he fiercely smashed into the wall. Blood immediately blossomed on the wall, as if a flower was drawn on the wall.
At this time, the Peak War Saints of the Human Race were so angry that their eyes were about to split open. The True Essence on the surface of their bodies continuously flickered. As Peak War Saints, they did not plan to sit still and wait for death! Just as the Human Race was about to make a move, the bodies of the Peak War Saints of the Demon Race behind Meng Tian also flickered with astral essence.
The faces of the Peak War Saints of the Human Race flashed with determination. They knew very well that they were not Meng Tian's match, but they had no choice now!
"Since you are not willing to commit suicide, then I can only trouble my colleagues to do it!" Meng Tian's face flashed with a hint of madness. Today, he would definitely capture all the humans in the Tower of Sin in one fell swoop.
When Lord Mei saw this scene, he immediately sent a True Essence sound transmission to a member of the Yao Ye Clan beside him, "Have all the humans on the first to fourteenth floors of the Tower of Sin retreat and enter the Cursed Lands."
The Cursed Lands was absolutely safe. Lord Mei's actions were purely out of helplessness!
It had to be known that the warriors sent into the Tower of Sin were all geniuses of the various Holy Lands. The weakest of them was a Mortal Rank genius. The human warriors in the Tower of Sin were the future hope of the Purple Heart Holy Land. If they were all killed, it would be equivalent to destroying the future hope of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Lord Mei could not save the Peak War Saints in front of her, but she could only chase the other War Saints, Generals, and Warriors out of the Tower of Sin. After all, the Yao Ye Clan and the Human Race were still allies. Even if Luo Zheng was dead, Lord Mei still had to give face to Xun.
In fact, the humans in the Tower of Sin were much smarter than Lord Mei had imagined. Other than a small number of human warriors who were cultivating in the secret cultivation rooms, many humans had already left the Tower of Sin one after another.

Chapter 657
During this year, the Tower of Sin was not very peaceful.
Many of the living beings in the Tower of Sin were also discussing this matter. Some of the more cowardly ones even temporarily followed the human cultivators out of the Tower of Sin and entered the Cursed Lands. If something were to happen and they were implicated, it would not be worth it.
In the Mysterious Underworld Cave, Luo Zheng and the others were moving forward with an orange cover.
After leaving the scorpion's body, Yun Luo opened the ornament on Luo Zheng's chest and pushed Meng Chong and Tian Hu outside!
The moment the two Demon warriors left the protective cover, they also opened their Shield of Great Aether. However, it only lasted for one breath's time before it disappeared. At such a close distance, not to mention a Battle-Saint, even a Divine Sea Realm warrior could not resist the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray shot out from the scorpion's head!
Seeing Luo Zheng's stunned expression, Yun Luo asked indifferently, "When do you plan to make your move?"
"I plan to see where this guy is hiding," Luo Zheng answered.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Meng Chong will not give you the chance. Once he leaves the fog formation, he will attack you immediately. As long as he can grab the ornament on your chest, we will be the ones to die."
This time, Xun agreed with Yun Luo.
Compared to Yun Luo and Xun, Luo Zheng did not have enough experience in dealing with this kind of situation. Or rather, Luo Zheng was not ruthless enough. In comparison, Yun Luo and Xun had much more experience than Luo Zheng. When exploring dangerous places, a mature warrior would usually survive by himself while everyone around him died. All the treasures would be his own!
When they left the huge scorpion and the Abyss, the fog in the core area had gradually dissipated.
"The fog is dissipating!" Seeing the fog become very light, Luo Zheng suddenly frowned and said.
Yun Luo also blinked and said, "It should be because of the flow of time. The flow of time in the scorpion's body is many times faster than in our Great Thousand World. We stayed in the scorpion's body for a few days, but a long time has passed outside."
"Oh no! So the Mysterious Underworld Cave has recovered? In other words, in the Tower of Sin …? "Luo Zheng's face turned gloomy.
Ling Yan's expression wasn't too good either. Once the Demon Race determined that they were dead, it was very likely that they would return and enter the Tower of Sin. The Yao Night Clan's situation would probably be better, but the Human Race would be in big trouble!
"Let's quickly return to the Sin Tower!" Luo Zheng said as he quickened his pace.
Before they even took two steps forward, when they entered the faint mist, Luo Zheng could see clearly that there were extremely thin golden lines pulsating on the ground.
"These golden lines formed the Fog Array from before." Yun Luo said. She reached out and injected a stream of Qi into the Array Disk in her hand. The Array Disk immediately began to spin.
As the Array Disk continued to spin, the golden lines began to change directions. The originally connected golden lines began to break apart, forming openings. After the Fog Array Disk lost its effect, everyone began to move outside.
In the past, once the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray was activated, all the cultivators would return to the Sin Tower. However, Luo Zheng and the others were able to move forward under the full illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray. This was the first time in the history of the Mysterious Underworld Cave that something like this had happened!
Fortunately, the Demons in the Mysterious Underworld Cave couldn't completely resist the illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray. When the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray was sufficient, the Demons' activities weren't particularly frequent. On their way from the core area to the inner area, they almost didn't encounter any Demons.
Even when they passed through the Blood Gate, the Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves that were scattered on both sides of the Blood Gate were also dormant in their nests and didn't come out.
"It seems that whenever the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray in the Mysterious Underworld Cave is greatly weakened, the Demons' activities are also particularly frequent," Ling Yan said as she blinked her eyes.
Luo Zheng nodded, "That's true!"
Ling Yan's heart was slightly moved, and her heart suddenly burned with passion.
Along the way, Ling Yan already knew that the most important thing in the Mysterious Underworld Cave wasn't the relics of those Sector Lords. The most important thing was that Heavenly Dao fragment. The other things didn't seem worth mentioning in front of the Heavenly Dao fragment.
However, in the eyes of Ling Yan and the other cultivators of the Sea God Continent, the Heavenly Dao fragment wasn't important. Things that were related to the Upper Realm didn't have much to do with them, the lower realm cultivators. Since ancient times, how many people were able to ascend to the Upper Realm? Moreover, in these years, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Sea God Continent were unable to ascend. In the end, they could only watch as their lifespans came to an end and passed away in the Sacred Ground.
In their eyes, the most important thing was the many treasures in the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
Now that Luo Zheng had the pendant that could resist the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray and the fog array formation plate, wouldn't he be able to freely enter and exit the Mysterious Underworld Cave in the future? Moreover, when the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray wasn't blocked by the fog, the Demons in the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave were basically dormant in their nests. The danger was also greatly reduced!
In addition, under the protection of the pendant, he could even cultivate inside the Mysterious Underworld Cave and break through to become a Battle-Saint!
The pendant on Luo Zheng's chest only needed a small amount of True Essence to operate. As long as the Tower of Sin continuously sent in True Essence Stones, it would be fine. None of this was a problem!
What Ling Yan thought of, Zhao Fenqin and the others naturally thought of as well. This way, whether it was for the Demon Night Clan or the Human Race, it was a huge opportunity.
Previously, Luo Zheng had said that he might choose to leave the Tower of Sin and leave the Sea God Continent. Originally, the cultivators of the Purple Heart Holy Land were worried because once Luo Zheng left, the Human Race would lose control of the Tower of Sin.
Even if Luo Zheng chose to leave quietly, paper couldn't wrap fire. As long as Luo Zheng disappeared from the Tower of Sin for a period of time, the Demon Race would definitely make a move and make a comeback.
Now, as long as the Human Race nurtured a few Battle-Saints and hid them in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, the Human Race would still be able to firmly control the Tower of Sin. All of the problems would be solved!
As for Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, their thoughts were deeper than Ling Yan's. If Luo Zheng left these two treasures behind, even after Luo Zheng left, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would still be allies with the Purple Heart Holy Land!
Seeing the fiery gazes of Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan, how could Luo Zheng not understand? Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Don't worry. If I leave the Sea God Continent, I will give these two treasures to Zhao Fenqin for safekeeping. The Human Race can share them with the Demon Night Clan."
When Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Ling Yan heard Luo Zheng's words, their faces immediately revealed joy. The value of Luo Zheng's promise was simply too great!
Without the obstruction of the demons, everyone's return speed was very fast. It didn't take long for them to arrive at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. Everyone circulated their True Essence and flew up around Luo Zheng, quickly arriving at the top of the Tower of Sin.
"The exit is closed." Ling Yan glanced at it and said.
This door was the exit at the top of the Tower of Sin. When the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray filled the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave, this exit would normally be closed. Very few people would choose to open it.
Luo Zheng moved towards the door, extended his fist, and pounded on it.
"Bang bang bang …"
At the same time, Meng Tian had just killed two Peak Battle-Saints of the Human Race. Many of the Peak Battle-Saints of the Human Race were preparing to fight to the death, and many of the Peak Battle-Saints of the Demon Race were also preparing to cleanse the Human Race.
At this moment, the sound of someone knocking on the door came from the top floor.
The many Peak Battle-Saints gathered at the top of the tower were suddenly stunned. Why was there still someone outside knocking on the door when the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray had already been activated?
A Peak Battle-Saint of the Human Race shouted in surprise, "Hurry up and open the door! It should be Zhao Fenqin and the others, no, it should be Luo Zheng! "
Another Peak Battle-Saint of the Human Race suddenly rushed over, preparing to climb up the stairs to open the door, but before he could even reach halfway, a fist light flashed in Meng Tian's hand, and directly smashed into that person's shoulder. With this punch, that Peak Battle-Saint flew out, vomiting blood all over the ground, and laid on the ground, unable to get up again.

Chapter 658
The atmosphere in the Sin Tower suddenly froze.
A trace of anticipation rose in the hearts of the humans, but at the same time, they were also very nervous.
When the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray illuminated the entire cave, all the warriors would die inside. There had never been an exception since the Sin Tower's existence! No peak War Reverend could withstand the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
However, in the hearts of these peak War Reverends, Luo Zheng was different. No one had been able to leave the word "Heaven Rank" on the Talent Stele before, and no one had been able to control the Sin Tower and control the power of the Sin Tower to kill people!
From the first day that Luo Zheng entered the Sin Tower, he had been constantly creating miracles!
Perhaps this time, he would be able to create another miracle.
As for the peak War Reverends of the Yao Ye Clan, such as Lord Mei, there was also a trace of joy on his face. This was because just yesterday, there was news from the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land that the King Statue still maintained its last trace of red light. That red light did not disappear, which meant that their Yao Ye Clan's King was still alive.
Based on this, it was very likely that Luo Zheng had returned. As for how Luo Zheng was able to travel through the Mysterious Underworld Cave and avoid the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray, Lord Mei did not know.
Meng Tian's face was like the winter sky. His face was filled with coldness as he coldly snorted and said, "No one is allowed to open the door. Perhaps some demons just happened to approach the door at the top of the tower!"
What Meng Tian said was not something that had never happened before. There were demons that approached the Sin Tower before. Many years ago, there was even an extremely powerful demon that crashed into the Sin Tower. Under the impact of that huge demon, the entire Sin Tower shook violently. Moreover, even the walls of the Sin Tower could not stop that powerful demon. Even the peak War Reverends at the top of the Sin Tower trembled in fear!
That time, it even caused panic in the Sin Tower. Many low level warriors fled the Sin Tower and only returned after a long time.
Fortunately, that powerful demon did not destroy the Sin Tower. After crashing into it a few times, it silently left.
"Right, it's impossible for a warrior to return at this time. It must be a demon!" A peak War Reverend of the Night Clan said with a sharp voice.
"Not necessarily." Lord Mei smiled coldly.
Meng Tian pointed at Lord Mei and said coldly, "Don't even think about opening the door!"
Madam Mei shrugged her delicate shoulders and said indifferently, "I won't open the door. If it's Luo Zheng who returns, he can naturally come in!"
Luo Zheng had the authority to control the Tower of Sin. Back then, when he was on the first floor of the Tower of Sin, he directly opened a crack on every floor of the Tower of Sin and directly fell down from the middle. He had done such an unimaginable thing, so how could a mere door stop Luo Zheng?
"Peng peng peng …"
The hurried and rhythmic knocking on the door continued. If it was a magical creature, it wouldn't be knocking on the door like this.
A Peak war elder of the Human Clan said softly: "It must be Luo Zheng! Why would a monster knock on the door like that? "
Another Peak war elder from the Human Clan said, "Let's wait and see! When Luo Zheng returns, I want to see how arrogant these Demon Clansmen can be! "
While everyone was silent, a one-meter-long crack suddenly appeared on the wall next to the top floor of the Sin Tower. Then, the crack opened like a big mouth, and a slightly thin figure swayed and drilled in.
When the Peak war elders of the Human Clan saw this person, their expressions suddenly became excited.
"Luo Zheng! It really is Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng is back! "
"And Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe!"
"Ling Yan is also back …"
Not only their clansmen, but the people of the Demon Night Clan also revealed looks of joy. However, the most excited ones were the Peak war elders of the Human Clan. To them, this was already the end of their lives, but they didn't expect Luo Zheng to return at this time! If Luo Zheng returned to the night time, it was very likely that all the Peak war elders of the Human Clan would be destroyed by the Demon Clan!
How could these humans not be excited? Among them, there were many Peak war elders of the Human Clan who had tears in their eyes. After experiencing this kind of life and death situation, any warrior would be extremely excited.
Luo Zheng, Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, as well as Yun Luo and the other two Peak war elders of the Demon Night Clan, entered through the crack.
Luo Zheng's gaze first fell on the corpses on the ground. There were a total of two corpses on the ground in the hall at the top of the tower. One was lying in the middle of the hall, while the other had fallen to the side of the wall. These two corpses were both Peak war elders of the Human Clan. The blood flowing out of the corpses had gradually faded and was absorbed by the Tower of Sin. Luo Zheng was very familiar with one of the Peak war elders. Previously, when he entered the Xuanming Cave, the Peak war elder had released raging flames to block the Tuna Bird's pursuit.
In addition, there was also a Peak war elder of the Human Clan lying on the ground, on the verge of death. He seemed to be seriously injured.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face completely darkened. His eyes filled with killing intent slowly moved towards Meng Tian. Then, Luo Zheng sighed softly: "Didn't I say it before? As long as I see the Demon Clan appear in the Tower of Sin, I will kill them without mercy. Meng Tian, do you not have a brain, or … Is your memory bad? "
All the Peak war elders of the Demon Clan had ugly expressions on their faces. They did not expect that the Demon Clan would make such a dramatic comeback. When the most terrifying thing became reality, Meng Tian's face finally revealed panic, and he no longer had the domineering aura of a strategist!
When he first left the Tower of Sin, Meng Tian did not panic.
In Meng Tian's opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely enter the Xuanming Cave. Once he entered the Xuanming Cave, he would not be able to escape the pursuit of Meng Chong and Tian Hu. As long as he killed Luo Zheng, it would mean that the Demon Clan had made a comeback! The chances of a comeback were very high!
Therefore, Meng Tian did not think that he was driven away by Luo Zheng when he left the Tower of Sin last time. It was only to temporarily avoid Luo Zheng's edge. In Meng Tian's words, it was called a strategic retreat.
As the time of the Xuanming Cave's opening approached, Meng Tian became more and more expectant. His only worry was that Luo Zheng would not choose to enter the Xuanming Cave this year. After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation was not enough. According to the information obtained from the Night Clan, although Luo Zheng was already a Ninth Step Warrior and could fight with the Peak war elders on the fourteenth floor, his cultivation was still too weak. Maybe Luo Zheng would choose to enter the Xuanming Cave after becoming a war elder.
Meng Tian wasn't in a hurry. At most, he would wait for another year. With an extra year, Meng Tian and Tian Hu could continue to cultivate in the Tower of Sins. After becoming Battle-Saints, they could continue to make breakthroughs, increasing their chances of killing Luo Zheng.
When the Xuanming Cave opened, Meng Tian found out that Luo Zheng had entered the Tower of Sin without hesitation. He was excited for a few days and wondered if Meng Chong and the others had made a move.
In the end, the Xuanming Cave closed. Luo Zheng did not return and they lost contact with Meng Chong …
Although Meng Chong and Tian Hu had died, Meng Tian understood that this transaction was very worthwhile. At least Luo Zheng had died in the Xuanming Cave!
But until now, Meng Tian realized that he was wrong. He was too wrong!
This brat's luck was so strong that Meng Tian could not imagine it. Even such a method could not kill him!
"You, how did you come back …" Meng Tian asked in a deep voice.
Luo Zheng stood on the stairs and looked at Meng Tian with a cold gaze, "Why should I tell you?"
"Where's Meng Chong? Where's Tian Hu? "Meng Tian asked again.
At this time, Ling Yan sneered, "Meng Chong and Tian Hu are your hope? This is a good move, sending war saints to kill us. Unfortunately … "
"Unfortunately what?" Meng Tian asked.
"Unfortunately, they still died." Yun Luo said indifferently without any expression on her face.
Other than the demon race, the other races present did not know about this matter. Why did Meng Chong and Tian Hu, two peak war saints, enter the Xuanming Cave? And why did they chase after Luo Zheng? They were even war saints!
The peak war saints of the human race and the demon race all sucked in a breath of cold air.
"The demon race is still hiding secrets, secrets that we don't know. Last time, Tian Qiong and Tian Hui were also war saints!"
"This is not the main problem. The main problem is that Luo Zheng and the others managed to escape the pursuit of war saints. Furthermore, Meng Chong and the others died. This …"
"I wonder what else can stop Luo Zheng!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 659
Meng Tian let out a long sigh. He was not old. According to the calendar of the Sea God Continent, he was only around 60 years old. He was considered extremely young among the warriors.
But with this sigh, Meng Tian seemed to have aged a lot in an instant.
Luo Zheng looked at Meng Tian and said coldly: "You still haven't answered me. Is your memory bad?"
When Luo Zheng said this, many of the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Clan revealed expressions of fear.
Previously, Luo Zheng had said that as long as he saw the Demon Clansmen in the Tower of Sin, he would kill them all. Did he really plan to fulfill this promise?
Meng Tian hesitated for a moment, then said: "We will leave now."
"Leave?" Luo Zheng pointed at the corpse on the ground, and a cold smile appeared on his face, "After killing our Human Clan's Peak war elder, you chose to leave just like that?"
Meng Tian snorted: "What else do you want? Even if you can control the Tower of Sin, our Twin Devil Holy Land is not to be trifled with! "
"Hahaha!" Luo Zheng suddenly burst into hearty laughter, but there was no trace of a smile in his eyes. There was only endless killing intent. "Twin Devil Holy Land, what a great name!"
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he was about to make a move, but at this moment, Ling Yan stopped him, "Luo Zheng, why don't we just let them go?"
The Peak War Reverends in front of him could be considered the backbone of the Demon Clan. In the future, War Saints and even Divine Sea Realm experts would be born from them. If Luo Zheng annihilated them all, it would indeed be a heavy blow to the Twin Devil Holy Land.
However, this method was equivalent to offending the Demon Clan. Ling Yan's starting point was to consider the overall situation. If the Twin Devil Holy Land was really forced into a corner and fought to the death, it was very likely that the Human Clan's Purple Heart Holy Land would be razed to the ground!
"I know what you're thinking," Luo Zheng said to Ling Yan: "But today, all the Demon Clansmen will die!"
With that, Luo Zheng jumped down from the stairs and sped towards Meng Tian!
"Brat, how dare you!" A Peak war elder of the Demon Clan could not bear it any longer and took the lead to rush towards Luo Zheng. Under the eruption of the Astral Essence in his body, he was like a rapidly moving hill, carrying the power of ten thousand men, fiercely crashing towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng waved his finger lightly, and in an instant, an invisible force enveloped the Peak war elder of the Demon Clan, and the sound of cloth tearing could be heard.
"Cough cough …"
The Peak war elder of the Demon Clan was instantly torn into pieces, and brown blood splattered all over the ground.
"I'll use your bodies to feed the Tower of Sin!" Luo Zheng's face was ferocious, and his whole body was overflowing with boundless killing intent. He was like a God of Death that had descended to the world.
Seeing that Luo Zheng no longer had any misgivings, Meng Tian's complexion changed. He said to all the Devil clansmen, "Retreat, leave Sin Tower!"
Seeing that the situation was not good, many of the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan rushed towards the back. That was the stairs that led back to the fourteenth floor, how fast was the Peak War Elder? These dozens of Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan rushed towards the stairs in an instant.
However, Luo Zheng immediately jumped up, and a crack appeared on the ceiling above his head. Luo Zheng immediately jumped up from the crack, and blocked the entrance to the fourteenth floor. Today, he would not let any of these Demon Clan s go!
The Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan had already climbed up to the fourteenth floor from the top of the tower, but just as they climbed up, they saw Luo Zheng blocking the way. All of the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan who were like small mountains revealed expressions of fear, as if Luo Zheng was a human-shaped demon.
"Fight it out with him! In the end, he's just a war general! "
"Kill him!" It's all death! "A few Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan roared.
Following that, the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan rushed forward, their towering bodies were like small mountains, pressing down on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng only raised his finger slightly, and an invisible force instantly tore the Peak War Elder at the front into pieces. The corpses of the Demon Clan s were scattered all over the steps of the Tower of Sin, while Luo Zheng stepped on the blood-stained steps and walked up.
"Demon, he's a demon …" The Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan realized that they were far from being Luo Zheng's match, so they retreated with all their might, running towards the top of the tower. But how could Luo Zheng give them the chance to leave? He chased after them, activating the power of the artifact spirit in the Tower of Sin, and quickly killed these Peak War Elder s!
"Ahh …"
"Howl!"
All sorts of miserable screams mixed together, and the remains of the corpses flew in all directions. The steps seemed to have become a terrifying Asura Field.
The many War Elder s on the fourteenth floor were used to seeing all sorts of bloody scenes. When they saw this scene, the faces of the many creatures watching from the back all turned pale. Once upon a time, how envious were these creatures of the Demon Clan? They even regretted not being born in the Demon Clan. They could only resent their own race for not being strong enough.
But at this moment, they were rejoicing that they were not a member of the Demon Clan. Otherwise, they would have faced such a cruel massacre!
Luo Zheng slowly entered the top of the tower step by step, but Meng Tian's figure had disappeared from the top of the tower.
"He entered the small world?" Luo Zheng scanned the area and did not find Meng Tian's figure. There were 128 Minor Chiliocosms at the top of the pagoda. Therefore, Luo Zheng determined that Meng Tian had escaped into one of the Minor Chiliocosms.
Yun Luo waved his hand and pointed to the exit of the Tower of Sin that led to the Profound Nether Cave. "Meng Tian rushed out."
"He rushed out?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with surprise, "Aren't you afraid that the Profound Nether Death Ray will shoot him to death?"
Even so, Luo Zheng did not give up the chase. The Demon Clan was able to break through in the Tower of Sin and enter the Battle-Saint realm. The secret must be at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. As for what the secret was, Luo Zheng did not know, but he knew that Meng Tian would not commit suicide!
So Luo Zheng poured his True Yuan into the pendant on his chest, and an orange protective cover appeared around Luo Zheng's body. Then, he walked up the stairs and entered the Profound Nether Cave.
When Luo Zheng went out, Yun Luo and Ling Yan also followed, including Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe. At the same time, Xun also appeared beside Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was an invincible existence in the Tower of Sin, but outside the Tower of Sin, it would not be easy for Luo Zheng to face Meng Tian alone. If Meng Tian did not commit suicide and really had a way to protect himself, then Luo Zheng would be in trouble!
Outside the Tower of Sin, a strong Profound Nether Death Ray spread out. This kind of fatal ray could shatter one's True Yuan protection in a few breaths of time, and then completely annihilate a living being.
After reaching the top of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng flew around the Tower of Sin, and a trace of suspicion appeared on his face. He really did not discover Meng Tian's existence.
Meng Tian could not have gone far. He could not withstand the Profound Nether Death Ray's radiation. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng closed his eyes, and gradually released his perception, slowly investigating the surrounding environment.
Soon, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a sneer. He took out a high-grade Saint level longsword from his spatial ring, and slowly approached in a certain direction!
Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan, and the others looked at each other. Did Luo Zheng really discover something?
Just as Luo Zheng was slowly approaching that place, a tall and sturdy figure suddenly drilled out from the side of the Tower of Sin. It was Meng Tian who was hiding here!
Meng Tian roared, "Luo Zheng, since you want to die, then die with me!"
At this time, above Meng Tian's head, above his arms, a dazzling light flashed. Meng Tian had chosen to ignite his spiritual altar!
Martial artists who cultivated the True Yuan system could use their dantian to self-destruct, and fight to perish together. Body refiners could ignite their spiritual altars. After igniting their spiritual altars in a short period of time, the eruption of True Yuan could reach a terrifying degree!
However, this kind of burning was also an irreversible action. Once the spiritual altar was ignited, it was impossible to reconstruct it!
As a body refiner, Meng Tian had already opened three spiritual altars. The power of this burning was indeed vast. Besides Luo Zheng, the complexions of Ling Yan and the others all changed.
"Attack!"
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Yun Luo, and Xun all launched their attacks at the same time!
Originally, Ling Yan's strength alone was comparable to Meng Tian's. However, under Meng Tian's desperate attacks, his aura soared and his strength also increased by several times. He even relied on his own strength to dissolve the combined attacks of the few of them.

Chapter 660
Looking at Meng Tian's ferocious expression, a thought flashed through everyone's mind. This guy was really crazy!
Facing the crazy Meng Tian, Ling Yan and the others kept retreating, and Luo Zheng also retreated.
In this way, Meng Tian was always under the illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray!
Although this was the outer area of the Mysterious Underworld Cave and was very far from the giant scorpion, the power of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray was far from what a peak war reverend could block.
Moreover, in this state of madness, Meng Tian did not even circulate his Shield of Great Essence. He only wanted to fight Luo Zheng with his life on the line. Even the three spiritual altars in his body had been ignited, so how could he care about his own life? Meng Tian had no intention of living at all!
Luo Zheng retreated at an extremely fast speed, and everyone followed closely behind Luo Zheng. As for Meng Tian, the moment he rushed out of the secret passage where he was hiding, under the illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray, the skin on his entire body began to be burned layer by layer!
As he continued to sprint, the skin on his body was burned layer by layer, followed by his flesh and blood. His originally tall and sturdy figure became smaller bit by bit, and the originally rough and violent face finally revealed its facial bones, like a skeleton!
"Ah ah …"
As Meng Tian roared in pain, his attacks became fiercer and fiercer, and he even rushed into the orange-yellow light shield.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and the long sword in his hand suddenly burst out!
"Formless!"
The so-called formless did not mean that there were no moves, but the moves that were used were completely under Luo Zheng's control, and he could use them freely!
Luo Zheng's sword contained an extremely terrifying power. The raging sword intent roared out and collided with Meng Tian's fist.
"Ge ge ge …"
Meng Tian's body was almost completely burned by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. The skin and flesh on his hands had all disappeared, leaving only the black bones of his hands. When his fist collided with Luo Zheng's sword light, his bones were constantly disintegrating and shattering!
"Die!"
Luo Zheng did not stop at all. The power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly erupted, and this sword forced Meng Tian out of the light shield!
Meng Tian fell backward with his head raised. His eyes were filled with unwillingness and helplessness. He had practically lost the entire battle! Like a snowman exposed to the scorching sun, Meng Tian finally turned into a pile of white bones and fell to the bottom of the Dark Nether Cave …
Standing inside the orange-yellow light barrier, Luo Zheng looked down in a daze. It had to be said that the demon race was indeed a fighting race. Meng Tian's plan was indeed very thorough. Unfortunately, Meng Tian had underestimated the complexity of the Mysterious Underworld Cave, and even more so, underestimated his own strength.
"So that's how it is," Ling Yan stared at the side of the Tower of Sin, "It seems that the Demon Race had long discovered that there was a secret passage here that could be used to hide."
Zhao Fenqin said, "So the two Battle-Saints, Tian Hui and Tian Qiong, were hiding here to cultivate. Meng Chong and Tian Hu should be hiding here as well."
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, "In the future, you can arrange for people to hide here as well!"
Whether it was using the crab-like accessory on Luo Zheng's chest or hiding in this secret passage, they were all feasible plans. In other words, the human race and the Demon Night Clan could send more peak Battle-Saints into the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
However, breaking through in the Mysterious Underworld Cave came with a price. They would never be able to leave the Mysterious Underworld Cave, and could only move around in the Tower of Sin for a short period of time. If they were to return to the Mysterious Underworld Cave again, they would not be able to obtain a truly great opportunity in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Perhaps they would be able to open up a new path. This was destined to be an extremely difficult path!
However, for the sake of the entire race, someone was destined to be sacrificed.
Luo Zheng and the others once again returned to the top of the Tower of Sin. As soon as they entered, they saw the peak Battle-Saints of the Night Clan being controlled by the Demon Night Clan and the human race.
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the peak Battle-Saints of the Night Clan and then said indifferently, "It's time to clean up the Night Clan."
Half a year ago, Luo Zheng had expelled the Devil Race, but he did not expel the Night Clan. In the Mysterious Underworld Cave, Meng Chong was able to find him so smoothly because of the Night Clan. Furthermore, when the Devil Race returned, the Night Clan stood firmly on the side of the Devil Race. The Night Clan could not be left alive!
Following that, the Tower of Sin underwent another round of cleansing. All of the Night Clan warriors were wiped out.
The news of all the peak Battle-Saints of the Devil Race being killed by Luo Zheng swept through the entire Sea God Continent like a storm. At the same time, the Sky Feather Sacred Land and the Purple Heart Sacred Land once again entered a state of alert, guarding against any sudden attacks from the Devil Race.
After all, all of the peak Battle-Saints of the Devil Race being killed was a fatal blow to the Twin Devil Sacred Land. After all, all of the peak Battle-Saints of the Devil Race were the geniuses of their race. Almost all of the future experts of the Devil Race were born from these peak Battle-Saints. This matter could very well anger the Twin Devil Sacred Land and cause them to fight back with all their might!
But in the end, the Twin Devil Sacred Land chose to remain silent. They did not have the courage to start a Holy Land War. The Devil Race had already lost the Tower of Sin. If they fought against the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race, the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan would have to pay a considerable price. However, the Devil Race would suffer heavy losses and would never be able to rise again!
After all, the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race had already firmly controlled the Tower of Sin. As long as they were not exterminated, they would be able to quickly recover. However, the Devil Race did not have such an opportunity.
But the Devil Race's compromise was also only a way to prolong their feeble existence. After losing the Tower of Sin, the Devil Race's decline was already destined; it was only a matter of time. As for the Devil Race's vassal Night Clan, they also faced a similar situation. The Night Clan didn't even have the chance to resist. The Night Clan excelled in concealment and assassination. At most, they could organize several meaningless assassinations. If they truly started a Holy Land War, then even resisting the Purple Heart Holy Land would be difficult.
During the remaining time, Luo Zheng continued to cultivate in the Tower of Sin. Occasionally, he would enter the cursed lands to communicate with the stars.
As a transcendent divine might, the power of the Stellar War Body was beyond doubt. But, the greatest difficulty of cultivating it was in stimulating the power of the stars. The more stars Luo Zheng could stimulate, the more terrifying the power of the Stellar War Body would become. But, wanting to stimulate the power of the stars wasn't easy at all. Thus, the first time that Luo Zheng had cultivated the Stellar War Body and stimulated a star, that had already left Red Dragon dumbfounded!
However, Luo Zheng failed several times. It was common for a martial artist to encounter failure in their cultivation, so Luo Zheng didn't care too much about it. From the first day that Luo Zheng stepped onto the road of martial arts, he was well aware that this road was destined to be filled with difficulties. Even if he was a person with a great destiny, it was impossible for him to soar to the highest heavens. He had to take one step at a time. As for whether or not he could reach the peak, that was up to the heavens!
Three months later, at the Heavenly Eagle Prairie, several white clouds hung high in the blue skies. Occasionally, a gentle breeze would blow through the air. Although the sun was bright, it wasn't too strong. Lying flat on the lush grass, one could feel a sense of tranquility!
Over a thousand tents were erected on the grassland. A few muscular human men were sitting on tall horses, driving sheep with half of their shoulders bared.
Ever since the demon race showed signs of weakness, the demon race's forces had begun to rapidly shrink. The Heavenly Eagle Prairie had originally been divided into three parts, with the demon race, the demon race, and the human race each occupying a third of the area. But now, the entire Heavenly Eagle Prairie had been reduced to a pasture for the human race!
The herdsmen in the surroundings began to slowly gather together, forming a large nomadic clan. There were also martial artists in this nomadic clan. If one had to give this nomadic clan a grade, then this nomadic clan would be equivalent to a second-grade sect.
Suddenly, several dozen streaks of light shot through the sky.
The flocks of sheep below could feel the pressure spreading from the sky, and they began to flee in all directions. The herdsmen began to shout, trying to gather the flocks of sheep together.
In the pasture, a little girl looked up at the sky, her black eyes wide open. She wasn't afraid of the dazzling sunlight, and after staring at the sky for a while, her face suddenly lit up with excitement. She immediately turned around and ran back, shouting towards a tent not too far away, "Father, Father, Tuturu, Tuturu, it's the True Divinity, the True Divinity has come!"
A youth suddenly rushed out of the tent. As he heard the little girl's shouts, his face was filled with excitement. In two years, that little boy had grown into a tall and handsome youth!

Chapter 661
When Luo Zheng took Tuturu and his group of humans from the pasture and handed them over to the human forces, this group of humans quickly integrated with the other ordinary herdsmen.
Tuturu had now become a martial artist, and he had impressively stepped into the Bone Refining Stage.
However, this group of human herdsmen had never forgotten Luo Zheng. Although they already knew that Luo Zheng was actually a martial artist, these herdsmen were no longer muddle-headed after interacting with the other herdsmen. They understood the world of martial artists and the situation of the entire Sea God Continent!
Although they understood that Luo Zheng was not what they thought and was a True God-like existence, in their hearts, Luo Zheng was still a True God sent by the heavens to save them!
If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, they would still be reared in captivity by the Demon Race and become cattle and sheep in the Demon Race's pasture.
"Where is he? Tell me quickly!" Tuturu shook the little girl, his eyes full of panic. When the other herdsmen heard the little girl's words, they all came out of their tents.
Tuturu was already a Bone Refining Stage martial artist. How strong was the strength of his hands? Being violently shaken by Luo Zheng like this, the little girl's face suddenly turned red.
"Tuturu, don't pinch her!" A herdsmen scolded, "She can't speak like this!"
Tuturu realized that he was too agitated. He quickly stuck out his tongue and released the little girl's hands.
The little girl glared at Tuturu. At this time, she was too lazy to argue with Tuturu. She immediately pointed to a direction on the horizon and said, "He went that way!"
The direction the little girl pointed to was the place where Luo Zheng had appeared. It was not far from their pasture. Although the entire Sky Eagle Prairie now belonged to the human race, Tuturu and this group of herdsmen still deliberately avoided the former Demon Race pasture. After all, the Demon Race pasture was a nightmare to them.
"Whoosh!"
As soon as the little girl pointed out the direction, Tutulu shot out like a sharp arrow. After stepping into the Bone Refining Stage, he could already control his own bones to the smallest detail. He ran along the undulating grassland with the agility of a gray wolf.
Seeing this, the other human herdsmen also walked out of their tents. That year, they did not even have the time to thank the True God for saving their lives!
These ranches belonged to the Purple Heart Holy Land, and Luo Zheng's name was known to almost everyone on the Sea God Continent. These herdsmen were also able to learn about Luo Zheng from the mouths of some cultivators. However, these herdsmen understood that with their status, it would be extremely difficult for them to meet Luo Zheng. At the very least, they would never be able to set foot in the legendary Tower of Sin.
Even for a martial artist like Tutu Lu, there was no chance at all! After all, the Sin Tower was the place where all the geniuses of the Sea God Continent gathered. Even a Mortal Rank Genius was considered the lowest level of existence in the Sin Tower, not to mention that the vast majority of cultivators couldn't even be called "geniuses"!
Right now, this was probably their only chance to see Luo Zheng.
Liu Yu, who was wearing a purple robe, slowly descended from the sky. His handsome face glanced at the grassland. How sensitive were the senses of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior? Although the giant transmission array was hidden beneath the grassland, Liu Yu instantly found it.
She stretched out her hand and pointed, saying, "The transmission array is here."
Luo Zheng's eyes fell on a large pit to the side. This large pit was where Luo Zheng had fallen. During this time, the large pit was covered with weeds, but the destruction caused by the impact was still vivid in his mind.
"Here, right?" The leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land, Situ Haotian, directly landed on the grassland. He wore a soft robe, and under the gentle breeze, the brocade belt behind his back fluttered. He truly looked like a celestial being.
Situ Haotian suddenly clapped his hands and slammed them towards the ground!
"Pop!"
With Situ Haotian as the center, the surrounding thousand feet of grass suddenly rolled up, as if a complete layer of skin had been peeled off from an animal's body. As the grass continued to roll up, a giant transmission array was revealed below.
Seeing this scene, the deep-sea experts of the Purple Heart Holy Land and the Sky Feather Holy Land slowly descended from the sky.
In addition to the Spirit Sea Realm warriors, there were many Battle-Saints, Ling Yan, Xia Shuang, Yun Luo, and many other human warriors. Today was the day Luo Zheng would leave.
To be personally escorted by the leaders of the two Holy Lands, in the entire Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng was probably the only one who received such treatment.
The Tower of Sin was a foregone conclusion. The Demon Night Clan and the Human Race each had two peak Battle-Saints. Zhao Fenqin of the Human Race and Lord Mei of the Demon Night Clan had both become Battle-Saints. The Demon Night Clan and the Human Race were both planning when to explore the Mysterious Nether Cave again.
Originally, Zhao Fenqin had strongly invited Luo Zheng to stay and at least leave after exploring the Mysterious Nether Cave. However, Luo Zheng knew that he didn't have much time left. In the past few months of cultivation, Luo Zheng had already broken through to the Battle-Saint realm and become a Battle-Saint!
If Luo Zheng was given more time, it wouldn't be too difficult for him to cultivate to the peak Battle-Saint realm through the Tower of Good Fortune. The problem was that Luo Zheng didn't have enough time.
When he left the Central Domain, Luo Zheng knew that he didn't have much time left. Even now, Luo Zheng's heart was still hanging in the air. No one knew when the next Extreme Violet Yin Physique would appear. Luo Zheng prayed that Cui Xie wouldn't find the next Extreme Violet Yin Physique cultivator so soon.
Situ Haotian cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Even if we send you off a thousand miles, we will have to part ways in the end. Young Hero Luo Zheng, we can only send you off here today."
Luo Zheng had appeared out of nowhere on the Sea God Continent. With his strength alone, he had reversed the entire human race's position. The one who benefited the most from this was naturally the Purple Heart Holy Land led by Situ Haotian. Situ Haotian was brimming with gratitude. Situ Haotian knew that he couldn't persuade Luo Zheng to stay, so he could only personally leave the Purple Heart Holy Land and send Luo Zheng off. It must be known that on the Sea God Continent, Battle-Saints and above didn't use teleportation arrays. Situ Haotian had truly traveled a great distance to come here.
As for Liu Yu and the other Yao Ye Clan cultivators, they suddenly knelt on one knee and said to Xun, who was beside Luo Zheng, "My King, we hope that you will return to the throne as soon as possible! If there is any danger after we part, even if we are thousands of miles away, my Heavenly Feather Holy Land will come out in full force! "
Liu Yu's words weren't polite at all. After learning that Luo Zheng was about to leave, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land had created a sound transmitting talisman. One end of this sound transmitting talisman was attached to Xun's king statue while the other end was in Luo Zheng's hand.
If Xun needed the help of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, they could even abandon everything and enter this giant transmission array.
Xun nodded and indifferently said, "I understand."
Yun Luo's nine-colored dress fluttered in the wind. She blinked and finally said to Luo Zheng, "I hope that your choice is the right one. We will meet again one day!"
The Heavenly Dao fragment was a matter of great importance. Even now, Yun Luo wasn't sure if giving it to Luo Zheng was the right choice. However, although Yun Luo's standpoint was different from Tian Miao's, she understood that giving the Heavenly Dao fragment to a participant of the Great Era Struggle was indeed appropriate. It was just that there were still serious disputes between the several Empyreans of the upper realms. She was worried that Luo Zheng would stand on the opposite side of her.
Yun Luo cultivated the Million Spirit Distraction Art. Her main body had already stood at the peak of the upper realms. As long as Luo Zheng continued walking down the path of martial artists, it was only a matter of time before he encountered Yun Luo.
Luo Zheng silently nodded.
Then, the two peak War Reverends continuously took out top grade true essence stones and began to place them in the giant transmission array. The amount of top grade true essence stones required to construct such a giant transmission array was not a small amount. This cost was naturally borne by the Purple Heart Holy Land.
At this time, a figure appeared on the other end of the grassland. This figure was actually running towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. It was a human youth, and behind this youth were over a hundred herdsmen.
"Mm?" Ling Yan looked over and discovered that it was only a human martial artist at the Bone Refining stage. Her vigilance gradually dissipated.
"Stop them," Situ Haotian lightly said. At this time, how could they be willing to be disturbed by these herdsmen?
Several peak War Reverends were about to step forward to intercept them, but Luo Zheng waved his hand and said, "No need, let them come over."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 662
The newcomer was the young man from the ranch, Tutu Lu.
When Luo Zheng had just arrived on the Sea God Continent, none of the herdsmen dared to resist. Only this young man named Tutu Lu stood bravely beside Luo Zheng, wanting to resist the Devil Race.
With Tuturu's strength, resistance was just a joke. However, it took a lot of courage to stand up in that kind of situation. At least Tuturu dared to stand up, while the other humans could only lock themselves in a corner and tremble.
Tutu Lu couldn't see the cultivation of these people in front of him. He heard that after becoming a warrior, one could fly in the air, and these people were at least a warrior! But Tutu Lu also knew that his estimation was not accurate. There were warriors in the nomadic tribe he was in now, but the momentum of those warriors was far inferior to the people in front of him.
Maybe the weakest among them was a warrior! Tutu Lu analyzed in his heart.
After he took the lead to rush up, his bright eyes stared firmly at Luo Zheng, and then he suddenly knelt on the ground with a plop. "I, I am also a warrior now. Please, please accept me as your disciple!"
Tutu Lu's frank request made many peak war reverends, including Situ Haotian and Liu Yu, laugh. In their opinion, this human youth was simple and cute.
Upon hearing Tutulu's request, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly and said, "I'm sorry, I don't accept disciples. Moreover … I'm about to leave this place. Your cultivation base is too low to pass through such a long distance Teleportation Formation."
Tutu Lu was more persistent than Luo Zheng imagined. He knelt on the ground and continued, "I will follow you, true god, even if I have to sacrifice my life."
"Hehe, this kid is so determined!" A peak war reverend said lightly.
In fact, when Luo Zheng first came to the Sea God Continent, Tutu Lu had already begged Luo Zheng once, but Luo Zheng refused. His current situation was not suitable for him to establish a sect, so naturally, he couldn't accept disciples. This time, Luo Zheng still couldn't agree.
But now, it seemed that if Luo Zheng didn't agree, this kid didn't intend to get up and kept kneeling on the ground.
At this time, a Peak war elder from the Human Clan suddenly said to Tutu Lu, "If he doesn't want to take you as his disciple, how about I take you as my disciple?"
Tutu Lu was only at the Bone Refining Realm. With this kind of strength, he did not have the qualifications to join the Purple Heart Holy Land. It would be difficult for him to even pass the most simple entrance examination. To many people, having a Venerable as their master was something that would make them smile in their dreams!
This Peak War Reverend of the Human Race clearly wanted to curry favor with Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng had left, with Luo Zheng's influence in the Purple Heart Sacred Land, there would definitely be benefits for him to do so. Moreover, what if Luo Zheng returned to the Sea God Continent one day?
Unexpectedly, Tutulu raised his head, rolled his eyes, and shook his head again. "No, I want to worship the True God as my master!"
Everyone's face revealed a surprised expression. They didn't expect this kid to be so persistent. He didn't even want to accept a Peak War Reverend as his disciple.
Luo Zheng still shook his head. "I said, I'm leaving this place. Even if I'm willing to take you in, I won't give you any pointers or benefits."
"But …" Tutu Lu raised his head and looked at Luo Zheng, as if he was searching for an excuse in his mind.
At this time, Situ Haotian laughed. "How about this, how about I take you in as my disciple?"
The moment Situ Haotian opened his mouth, many Peak War Reverends' faces changed! Situ Haotian rarely accepted disciples. Even Xia Shuang, the most outstanding genius of the Purple Heart Sacred Land, still didn't become Situ Haotian's disciple. Even if this kid's talent was ten times stronger, he still wasn't qualified to become Situ Haotian's disciple!
How sharp were everyone's eyes? In their opinion, a Bone Refining stage's cultivation wasn't a problem. No matter how low one's cultivation was, as long as one had potential, their future growth wouldn't be slow. As long as they entered the Tower of Sin, their cultivation would soar like a rocket. However, this kid called Tutulu, whether it was his talent or his root bone, was the worst choice. This was the biggest problem.
In fact, Situ Haotian was originally joking. Seeing how determined Tutulu was, he would definitely be determined to take Luo Zheng as his master! After all, with this Bone Refining stage kid, it was impossible to tell who was strong and who was weak! In Tutulu's eyes, Situ Haotian and the Peak War Reverend were probably similar existences.
However, Situ Haotian had clearly underestimated Tutulu.
When Situ Haotian said this, Tutulu's face suddenly revealed a sly look. He hurriedly nodded. "If the True God can't accept me as his disciple, then I'm willing to take you as my master!"
Tutulu's eyes were indeed unable to distinguish between Situ Haotian and the Peak War Reverend's strength, but he knew how to read people's expressions! When the Peak War Reverend spoke, no one's expression changed. However, when this middle-aged man in a Daoist robe spoke, everyone's expression changed. He understood that this person in front of him must be an amazing character! However, Tutulu didn't think that Situ Haotian was the leader of the entire Purple Heart Holy Land!
Hearing Tutulu agree, everyone laughed. Liu Yu said with a faint smile, "Situ Haotian, it seems you can't go back on your words!"
Situ Haotian faintly smiled. "Of course I won't go back on my words." He then said to Tutulu, "Becoming my disciple will be very difficult. You must mentally prepare yourself."
If the geniuses of the Purple Heart Holy Land saw that Situ Haotian had accepted a Bone Refining stage youth as his direct disciple because of a joke, they would probably faint on the ground!
In fact, Xia Shuang, Xing Hui, and the others were already about to faint!
When Xia Shuang was the number one genius of the Purple Heart Holy Land, she had asked two Elders of the Purple Heart Holy Land to intercede for her, hoping that she could become Situ Haotian's disciple! Xia Shuang was the most talented martial artist of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Even so, she had still been rejected by Situ Haotian.
One could imagine just how surprised Xia Shuang and the others were at this time!
At this time, over a hundred herdsmen also hurried over. These herdsmen certainly weren't as bold as Tutulu. They stopped far away and then prostrated themselves on the ground, kowtowing to Luo Zheng. It was clear that their gratitude towards Luo Zheng was sincere and sincere.
At this time, the giant transmission array was finally finished with the top grade true essence stones. When all of the top grade true essence stones were placed in place, a blazing white light split the transmission array in two, forming a massive pattern. A blazing white light shot into the sky; this massive transmission array had finally opened.
"It's time to leave," Luo Zheng lightly said. Then, Xun's figure turned into a little Sword Spirit that drilled into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng turned around and said his goodbyes to everyone, then stepped into the transmission array.
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure disappear into the blazing white light, Xia Shuang's tender eyes suddenly turned red.
She might have many things she wanted to say to Luo Zheng, but at this time, it was already an extravagant request for her to send Luo Zheng off. How could she possibly have a chance to speak with Luo Zheng alone? Moreover, even if she wanted to say something, where would she start? Was she supposed to open her mouth and say that she wanted to follow Luo Zheng into the transmission array? This was obviously impossible.
The light of the transmission array extended all the way into the sky, drawing a parabola in the sky before finally disappearing into the horizon.
Situ Haotian looked at the light and said, "Where does this transmission array lead to?"
Liu Yu faintly said, "Perhaps, in the future, we may also be able to enter this transmission array!"
The Sea God Continent was actually a very barren continent. In terms of richness, it was far inferior to the Central Domain. Even its area was slightly smaller. However, the Sea God Continent had given birth to over a dozen Holy Lands while the Central Domain didn't have a single Holy Land. The reason for this was because of the Tower of Sin.
It was precisely because of the existence of the Tower of Sin and the Dark Nether Cave that so many Holy Lands existed on the Sea God Continent.

Chapter 663
The turbulent sea water kept hitting the reefs on the shore. The Chaotic Astral Sea was chaotic most of the year, and it had been like this since ancient times.
There were countless ferocious beasts lurking in this sea area. Not to mention ordinary fishermen, even warriors would not dare to rashly enter this sea area. Only true powerhouses would dare to explore this sea area. After all, there were many unknown treasures hidden in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Every year, countless powerhouses would fall in this sea area.
The Fish Dragon Sect was a third-grade sect located in the Easternmost Land. The Fish Dragon Sect was backed by the entire Chaotic Astral Sea. Compared with other sects, this third-grade sect obviously knew much more about the Chaotic Astral Sea.
This sect had circled several sea areas near the mainland. They knew very well that although the Chaotic Astral Sea was very dangerous, these sea areas were relatively safe. At least there were few powerful ferocious beasts. Therefore, every year at the beginning of spring, the Fish Dragon Sect would send their disciples to the surrounding sea areas for training!
The mission was to hunt a kind of demonic beast in the water called "Black and Blue Mussel". This kind of Black and Blue Mussel was a fourth-grade demonic beast. Its strength was not strong, but its defensive power was quite terrifying. It was not easy to break the shell of the Black and Blue Mussel.
After killing the Black and Blue Mussel, there was a certain probability of finding the treasure "Black Spirit Pearl" in its body. It was a very precious material for refining elixirs. It was very popular in many markets in the Central Domain, and was often in short supply. It was also one of the main sources of income for the Fish Dragon Sect!
In addition to the Black Spirit Pearl, the meat of the Black and Blue Mussel was also a delicious delicacy. After being caught, dried and sold to the Central Domain, it was also very valuable.
Today was the day for the disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect to train. Tens of thousands of disciples in the Divine Reflection Realm flew along the sea level.
"Senior Brother Lang! Our mission today is to dig out ten Black Spirit Pearls. If we can't complete the mission, we will be punished again. "The one who spoke was a man in black clothes. On the right side of his face was a tattoo of a black scorpion that emitted a gloomy aura.
Even in the surrounding sea area, it was still quite dangerous for warriors of the Divine Reflection Realm. Therefore, when the disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect entered the Chaotic Astral Sea to hunt Black-Green Mussels, they usually traveled in groups of three to five.
The five of them formed a team and began to hunt the Black-Green Mussels. However, compared to the other disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect, the five of them had much stronger killing intent.
"Our luck is pretty good," the cultivator named 'Lang' said, his eyes flashing as he pointed to the sea below. The other two looked at each other, then simultaneously took out a Water Repelling Pill and swallowed it. After taking the Water Repelling Pill, an invisible membrane would appear on the cultivator's body, allowing them to temporarily avoid the seawater. However, it could only be used in shallow waters. In the deep sea, this membrane would be crushed by the seawater.
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
Two voices sounded like flowing water. Two Divine Reflection Realm martial artists rushed into the sea, one on the left and one on the right.
The five of them had a clear division of labor and cooperated with each other with ease. Obviously, this was not the first time they worked together. In fact, the five of them were originally independent martial artists, and they were five pirates in the east of the Central Domain. No less than a hundred warriors had died in their hands!
Right now, the situation in the entire Central Region was changing unpredictably. Many sects seemed to have joined forces to deal with independent cultivators. The lives of these five people were getting more and more difficult. If they were not careful, they might be killed by a powerhouse from a large sect!
Forced to do so, the five of them finally decided to wash their hands and join the Fish Dragon Sect.
The Fish Dragon Sect was relatively weak among the third-grade sects. Because of its remote location, it had not developed much over the years. Because of the situation in the Central Domain, a large number of independent martial artists came to join the Fish Dragon Sect.
Although accepting too many independent martial artists was a hidden danger, these independent martial artists were not loyal to the Fish Dragon Sect. Once something happened, these independent martial artists would be the first to betray the Fish Dragon Sect.
However, independent martial artists already had experience and cultivation, so the Fish Dragon Sect did not need to spend much effort to cultivate them. They could also help the Fish Dragon Sect create a lot of wealth. Therefore, the Fish Dragon Sect chose to turn a blind eye. As long as the independent martial artists were not too notorious, the Fish Dragon Sect would accept them!
Because of this, the number of disciples participating in the sea area training this year suddenly increased by several times, which really benefited the Fish Dragon Sect a lot.
Under the cooperation of the five Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, the Black-Cyan Mussel under the sea had nowhere to hide. Even the defense it was proud of was easily broken through.
After one of the martial artists used a long sword to push the Black-Cyan Mussel away, his face lit up with joy. "Senior Brother Wolf, we are lucky today. We found a Black Spirit Pearl in the first Black-Cyan Mussel!"
"Yes." The martial artist named Wolf nodded lightly, without any joy.
In his opinion, the Fish Dragon Sect was not a good thing. They took advantage of the situation to crazily recruit independent martial artists. On the surface, they were recruiting disciples, but in fact, they were using these independent martial artists as coolies! What bullsh * t sea training? In fact, it was a disguised form of extortion for these independent martial artists.
In fact, in an era when independent martial artists were in danger, the Fish Dragon Sect provided a shelter for them. Now, letting them "train" was actually equivalent to collecting protection fees!
They had to pay ten Black Spirit Pearls to the Fish Dragon Sect every day. This task was indeed a bit heavy, but it was better than being killed by those strong martial artists.
After the five people got the first Black Spirit Pearl, they continued to rush into the depths of the sea area. Although there was not much danger in the coastal waters, the five people were still very careful. They had been pirates before and knew that there were all kinds of strange things in the Chaotic Astral Sea. If a fierce sea beast was bored and came to the sea for a stroll, their lives would be in danger.
Just as they were moving forward carefully, there was a sudden explosion in the sky. It was a thunderbolt!
"Bang!"
Everyone was shocked!
"What, what is this!" One of the Divine Illumination Realm warriors said with a frightened face.
In the distance, they saw an object diving into the sea at an extremely fast speed. The strong impact even set off waves several feet high!
The eyes of the warrior named "Lang" flashed, but he said, "Maybe a rare treasure has appeared!"
It was said that when some rare treasures appeared, there would be lightning and thunder, and there would be strange phenomena in the sky. Today's scene was very likely, not to mention that they had just seen something dive into the water with their own eyes.
"Really? Senior Brother Lang! "A warrior exclaimed with an excited expression.
"It's just a possibility. Let's go and see!" Senior Brother Lang was very experienced. He looked around vigilantly. After confirming that there were no other warriors in the surrounding sea area, he flew in that direction. At the same time, he took out a Water Repelling Pill and swallowed it. Then he dove into the water.
These five people were very good at swimming, and with the help of the Water Repelling Pill, they quickly sank to the bottom of the water.
When everyone saw the scene in front of them, they were surprised. They had thought it was a rare treasure, but it turned out to be a person!
"Why did this person come down from the lightning?" A warrior asked with Genuine Essence.
Senior-apprentice Brother Wolf stared at the man and shook his head. But when he saw the Sumeru Ring hanging on the man's chest, his face suddenly revealed a trace of greed. "This man seems to be injured. He actually chose to meditate in the water to heal himself. Should we …"
Master Lang said and exchanged glances with the others. They were originally pirates who made a living by killing people in the surrounding sea area. It was not the first time they had done such a blatant robbery.
Although they were now disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect, it was not a big deal to go back to their old profession when no one was watching. Moreover, the big sects in the Central Domain claimed to be righteous, so they must have done this kind of thing many times. To put it bluntly, the world of warriors was often so cruel.
"But this person's strength …" A warrior stared at the person meditating at the bottom of the sea and said hesitantly, "Senior Brother Lang, that is a warrior in the False Tribulation Realm!"
Senior Brother Lang also showed a trace of hesitation. They could not fight against a warrior in the False Tribulation Realm. Even if he was seriously injured, it was still a piece of cake for him to take the lives of these warriors in the Divine Reflection Realm.

Chapter 664
Senior Brother Wolf hesitated for a moment and finally chose to retreat. The five warriors moved towards the water and quickly left.
Although Luo Zheng had his eyes closed, how could he not know that he had just been targeted by the five Divine Reflection Realm guys?
Speaking of which, he was unlucky. When he entered the Sea God Continent, he encountered a violent space storm and ended up on the Sky Eagle Prairie. When he came back, he encountered another space storm.
Fortunately, this time Luo Zheng had comprehended the second level of the Law of Space. In addition, Luo Zheng's cultivation had also improved, so his strength was not the same as before. Even though the space storm this time was more violent than last time, Luo Zheng was not seriously injured. However, there was still a lot of space power in his body. Now he really had to spend some effort to expel the space power out of his body.
"These five guys are self-aware." Luo Zheng closed his eyes and his pupils moved slightly under his eyelids.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt three people approaching again. Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Wasn't it said that there were few people in the Chaotic Astral Ocean? Why was this area like a city gate, full of people coming and going?
The three approaching people were also warriors of the Divine Reflection Realm. As they got closer, the three of them plunged into the water together!
"Sister Yuan, I found a black and blue mussel! It's at the bottom of that reef! " They were three female warriors. They were not independent warriors, but inner core disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect. However, the sea trial of the Fish Dragon Sect was not only for independent warriors. Even inner core disciples had to complete tasks.
After taking the Water Repelling Elixir, the three women were still swimming in the sea. Wearing feathered clothes, they looked like three mermaids and swam very flexibly.
"Well, there is indeed a black and blue mussel hiding under the reef. We have to … ah!" One of the women was talking when she suddenly noticed a person sitting on the bottom of the sea on one side of the reef. However, the scream did not spread far in the sea. The other two women saw her panicked expression and felt strange. Following her gaze, they happened to see Luo Zheng meditating at the bottom of the sea.
"How can there be someone at the bottom of the sea? Could it be a dead person? "
"Could it be that he's cultivating here?"
"How strange … Wait, this person seems to be meditating to heal himself. Could it be that he's injured?"
These three women had excellent innate talents. They had come from a second-grade family in the Easternmost City. They had never gone out to gain experience since they were young. So, they were much more naive compared to those warriors who had come out of life and death situations. So, they were less vigilant.
Seeing Luo Zheng sitting at the bottom of the sea, the three of them didn't show much fear. Instead, they "surrounded" Luo Zheng curiously. One of them even slowly floated over and gently touched Luo Zheng's body with her finger, as if she wanted to confirm whether Luo Zheng was still alive or not.
After feeling the warmth of Luo Zheng's body, the three women used true essence sound transmissions to discuss how to get Luo Zheng out of the water.
Luo Zheng didn't move. He was now trying his best to expel the Space Force from his body. With his control over the Space Force, this process wouldn't take long.
Therefore, with the combined effort of the three women, they really managed to move Luo Zheng onto a rock.
"Ouch, I'm so tired!"
"This guy doesn't look fat, but why is he so heavy? Even dragging a piece of pig iron isn't as tiring as this! "
"His eyes are closed, he looks like a statue. What's going on?"
The three women kept chattering as they curiously looked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. There were all kinds of people in this world, and these three women were so naive that it was scary. With their curious personalities, perhaps in less than two days, they would be devoured by others.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows once again. He curled his lips and sneered in his mind, "I've underestimated the greed of these guys." He could sense that a few men were approaching from a distance. Amongst these men were the same five warriors from before. However, there were three more Late Divine Core warriors.
Just now, when they were underwater, the five men had their eyes on Luo Zheng. Presumably, they were afraid of his strength, and had no choice but to share this opportunity with other stronger warriors. In other words, they were looking for strong reinforcements!
Three Late Divine Core warriors …
Perhaps this was just a small problem for Luo Zheng in the past, but for the current him, it wasn't a problem at all.
"Is he right in front?" A Divine Core warrior asked with a stern expression.
Senior disciple Lang quickly nodded his head, and a flattering expression emerged on his face. "Sect Elder Hu, he's right in front of us. He's seriously injured, and I don't think he can recover in a short period of time!"
An injured Void Tribulation warrior who couldn't even protect himself was a great temptation to anyone.
"He's just a warrior who has just broken through to the Void Tribulation realm. Even if he isn't injured, with the three of us working together, what can he do? Wasn't it just a piece of cake for him? If he doesn't fight back, I'll let him live, but if he fights back … "Another Divine Core warrior said with a sharp voice.
Sect Elder Hu shook his head and said, "It doesn't matter if he fights back or not, we'll still kill him. If he's from some big sect, letting him go will only bring us endless trouble!"
"Yes, Sect Elder Hu is right!" Senior disciple Lang agreed.
Very quickly, the eight of them arrived at their destination. At a glance, they saw three female disciples of the same sect sitting on top of a reef. Beside the three female disciples, there was a person sitting on the reef.
Sect Elder Hu furrowed his brows. He slowly approached them, then he snapped, "Yuan Qingwei! What are you doing here?! "
When the leading female disciple called Yuan Qingwei saw Sect Elder Hu, she immediately stood up and said, "Sect Elder Hu, there's a warrior here, and it looks like he's injured …"
A strange smile emerged on Sect Elder Hu's face, then he said, "Alright, I got it. You guys can leave now! Just leave this cultivator to me. "
However, the girl called Yuan Qingwei shook her head, "We're not leaving, let's wait for this man to wake up first."
"Just leave when I tell you to! Leave this to me! "Sect Elder Hu scolded once again.
No matter what, Sect Elder Hu was still a Sect Elder of the Fish Dragon Sect. Hearing his scolding, the three female disciples immediately flew away with resentful expressions.
Right after the three female disciples left, a grin emerged on Sect Elder Hu's face. After that, he took out a spear, and the other two Divine Core warriors also took out their weapons. The three of them couldn't tell how serious Luo Zheng's injuries were, but since he was still meditating in this situation, they knew his injuries couldn't be light.
However, these three Late Divine Core warriors were still on high alert. After all, they were facing a Void Tribulation warrior, so it was better for them to be careful. "No matter how serious his injuries are, let's kill him first!"
Sect Elder Hu ordered. The three Divine Core warriors immediately circulated their True Yuan and prepared to attack Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes, preparing to strike back at any moment. Right at this moment, a scream sounded out from not far away. It was the three female disciples who had returned. The leading female disciple called Yuan Qingwei asked, "Sect Elder Hu, what are you doing?!"
Sect Elder Hu coldly harrumphed. After that, he turned to senior disciple Lang and said, "Since they are courting death, I'll leave them to the five of you!"
When the five men heard Sect Elder Hu's order, a surprised expression emerged on their faces. Senior disciple Lang asked, "Sect Elder Hu, what do you mean by leaving them to the five of us?"
"You can do whatever you want, just kill them after this!" Sect Elder Hu understood senior disciple Lang's meaning.
"Alright!" Senior disciple Lang and the other men immediately became excited. Ever since they joined the Fish Dragon Sect, they had to abide by the sect's rules. It had been a long time since they had tasted a woman, let alone a female Divine Reflection warrior.
Right after Sect Elder Hu finished speaking, the five Divine Reflection warriors immediately dashed towards Yuan Qingwei and the other two female disciples.
Although these three female disciples were naive and romantic, they weren't idiots. When they saw what was happening, how could they not understand their current situation?
"Let's go! Let's return to the sect and tell master! "A ruthless expression emerged on Yuan Qingwei's face. The three female disciples immediately turned around and sped away.
However, the five men who were chasing after them all had mocking smiles on their faces. "Return? Do you think you still have a chance to return? "
At the same time, Sect Elder Hu had finally attacked Luo Zheng. Right when Sect Elder Hu was about to thrust his spear towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's slightly squinted eyes suddenly opened. He stared at the three Divine Core warriors as if he was looking at a dead man, and a faint smile emerged on his face.

Chapter 665
Noticing that Luo Zheng had suddenly opened his eyes, the three Divine Core warriors' expressions changed. The warrior surnamed Hu even shouted out loudly, "Quick, kill him with all your strength!"
As Divine Core warriors, these three men were well aware of this principle. Either they didn't attack, or they attacked with all their might. If they held back, they would face a crazy counterattack from their opponent!
Therefore, there was no hesitation on their faces.
Facing the ferocious attacks from the three Late Divine Core warriors, Luo Zheng still didn't move. He opened his eyes, and gently touched the Sumeru Ring on his chest. After that, a spear suddenly shot out, and countless Sword Souls instantly formed on the spear!
Xun's tall and slender body instantly condensed. Xun threw a charming and elegant smile at the three warriors. She extended her hand to receive the long spear. With a light flick of her wrist, the long spear instantly swung out.
"Clang clang clang!"
The weapons in the three men's hands were only Low Grade Immortal Weapons, and when they collided with the Mid Grade Immortal Weapon, they instantly shattered into pieces!
When the warrior surnamed Hu saw the Mid Grade Saint Weapon, he knew that something bad was about to happen!
Low Grade Saint Weapons were extremely precious in the Central Domain, and there were only a few of them in the entire Central Domain. Not to mention, this was a Mid Grade Saint Weapon!
Also, what was this beautiful woman who had suddenly appeared? She was a Sword Soul!
This woman was not someone they could fight against!
Right at this moment, all three of them were extremely regretful. However, there was no medicine for regret when it came to killing someone and robbing someone's treasure. Since they were going to kill someone, they had to be prepared to die!
These three men had been through a lot, and when they saw that the situation was bad, they immediately cooperated with each other and retreated in three different directions.
However, Xun didn't give them the chance to run away. She lightly shook the spear in her hand, and three invisible ripples shot out. A Divine Core warrior was only equivalent to a Seventh to Tenth Grade warrior on the Sea God Continent!
Besides, these three men were only from a Third Grade Sect, the Fish Dragon Sect. Compared to Divine Realm geniuses like Xia Shuang and Mu Qingyang, they were far inferior.
"Pop pop pop pop!"
Three streaks of blood bloomed on the backs of the three warriors. They didn't have any chance to fight back, and were immediately thrown into the ocean like kites with their strings cut. Blood splashed onto the surface of the ocean.
"It's settled," Xun said to Luo Zheng with a relaxed smile.
For some reason, after Luo Zheng returned to the central region, Xun felt a sense of joy and relief. As the queen of the Yao Night Clan, she had always been a proud and eccentric person. She was used to giving orders, and only those in a higher position could control those in a lower position.
But now, Xun seemed to have developed a sense of dependence in her heart. When Xun did things for Luo Zheng, she felt very happy.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. "But those three women …"
"Who cares if they die?" The others were worthless in Smoky's eyes.
Luo Zheng suddenly stood up and said, "Forget it. In any case, I spent a lot of effort to get you out of the sea." At this time, Luo Zheng's Space Force was almost completely expelled. Only a small amount of Space Force was left in his body, and it didn't affect him much.
Then, Luo Zheng jumped off the reef, turned into a stream of light, and flew in a certain direction!
Yuan Qingwei and the other two female disciples were frightened by this time, and they flew along the sea surface. The three of them had grown up under the protection of their elder brother and parents, and they had never seen the dangers of the world of warriors. They couldn't figure out why Elder Hu wanted to kill that man. Why did Elder Hu send people to kill them just because they wanted to find the black and green clam at the bottom of the sea?
There were many things that they couldn't figure out, but Yuan Qingwei didn't have time to think about it. The five people behind them were cursing and chasing after them. No matter how naive the three of them were, they knew clearly what would happen to them if they fell into their hands.
But why was the sea in front of them so vast? Why couldn't they run into a fellow disciple at this time?
"Ah!" One of the female disciples suddenly screamed, and a small spear appeared on her back. The spear glowed with a bright blue light, and it was obviously smeared with poison.
The female disciple's body went limp, and she fell toward the sea surface.
However, a warrior stepped forward and held the female disciple. "Hey, hey, hey, don't worry. You won't die for a while! This is just an anesthetic. Even if you want to die, you have to wait until I'm satisfied! "
At the same time, the other female disciple screamed again. She was hit by the same trick and fell into their hands.
Seeing this scene, Yuan Qingwei suddenly felt dizzy. She couldn't turn back, and she couldn't. If she stayed here, she would die. If she could escape, she still had a chance to avenge her two little sisters!
"I want to escape!" Yuan Qingwei, who was usually as docile as a sheep, suddenly showed a trace of fierceness on her face.
But at this time, a figure suddenly appeared in front of her. The man's face was tattooed with a black scorpion, and his face was full of gloomy aura.
"You can't escape." Senior Brother Wolf stared at Yuan Qingwei and said, "Junior Sister, why don't you play with us?"
"You are not my Senior Brother!" Yuan Qingwei gritted her teeth and pulled out her weapon. It was indeed a flying sword, and it was an Upper Grade Fairy Weapon.
Senior Brother Wolf smiled and said, "You're right. I'm not your Senior Brother. If it weren't for the influence of the situation in the Central Domain, I wouldn't have joined your bullshit Fish Dragon Sect!"
"If the Sect Master and Elders find out about this, you will all die without a burial place!" Yuan Qingwei was already extremely furious.
Senior Brother Wolf shook his head and smiled. "Unfortunately, they won't know. If they knew, we wouldn't have done it."
From the beginning, they had already planned to kill her. At this time, Senior Brother Wolf didn't hesitate to speak.
"Go to hell!" The flying sword in Yuan Qingwei's hand suddenly shot out.
"You are indeed a disciple of an aristocratic family. You have an Upper Grade Fairy Weapon with such a cultivation. I like this flying sword very much. I'll take it!" A gloomy smile appeared on Senior Brother Wolf's face. His figure flashed slightly, and he easily avoided Yuan Qingwei's flying sword.
It was reasonable to say that Yuan Qingwei's cultivation was on par with Senior Brother Wolf's cultivation. Moreover, her cultivation method and foundation were far superior to Senior Brother Wolf's. If they were to fight head-on, Senior Brother Wolf would definitely not be a match for Yuan Qingwei.
Unfortunately, Yuan Qingwei's adaptability was too poor. She rarely had the opportunity to fight with people, let alone the experience of fighting on the line between life and death!
On the other hand, Senior Brother Wolf's group of five were pirates. It was common for them to rob and kill people for their goods. Their combat experience was far beyond Yuan Qingwei's. Therefore, when they moved their fingers, it was as if the two of them were not on the same level, but several levels apart!
Therefore, Senior Brother Wolf made a feint to trick Yuan Qingwei into shooting out the flying sword. His figure flashed again, and this time he was behind Yuan Qingwei. He even put his chin on Yuan Qingwei's shoulder arrogantly. He blew into Yuan Qingwei's ear and then said lightly, "Your cultivation and strength are good, but it's a pity that you have no combat experience. If you control the flying sword like you do, you will never be able to stab people in your life!"
Yuan Qingwei's expression changed greatly. She elbowed behind her and at the same time, controlled the flying sword to come back. The flying sword stabbed out from under Yuan Qingwei's ribs.
However, Senior Brother Wolf seemed to have guessed Yuan Qingwei's every thought. He only took a small step away and easily avoided Yuan Qingwei's series of attacks. He still stuck close to Yuan Qingwei's back like a ghost. This time, he even reached out and put his hand on Yuan Qingwei's small waist. "Junior Sister, I've told you, you can't hurt me!"
Although Yuan Qingwei had little combat experience, her mind was very firm. At this time, Yuan Qingwei also used all her strength.
Senior Brother Wolf liked to torture his prey, especially this kind of strong woman. He still stuck behind Yuan Qingwei, as if he was teasing a caged beast …
But this time, Yuan Qingwei's flying sword did not turn back. Instead, it stabbed toward a warrior not far away.
That martial artist was busy tearing apart the female disciple's clothes, only to hear the sound of cloth tearing, accompanied by the sound of the martial artist's lewd laughter. He never thought that at this time, a flying sword would quietly arrive!

Chapter 666
Yuan Qingwei had never killed anyone before, but under her ferocity, the flying sword even began to spin when it pierced through the martial artist's chest, directly twisting a large hole in his chest!
"Zhou Zhuo!"
The five of them had been risking their lives for many years, and because of their cautiousness, they had never failed. But today, when they were hunting down these three girls, one of them had fallen!
Cultivator Lang let out a furious roar, then he reached out his hand and tried to grab Yuan Qingwei.
Yuan Qingwei had given up on resisting, and her face was filled with a determined expression. She had given up on her own life, she just wanted to die!
But right at this moment, Cultivator Lang suddenly stood in front of Yuan Qingwei like a puppet.
Right at this moment, an indifferent voice sounded out. "Try shooting him with your flying sword again, see if you can make him …"
Yuan Qingwei was startled. She looked around, but no one was around. The man in front of her was just standing in front of her, as if someone had cast a Body Freezing Art on him. This was an opportunity for her!
Yuan Qingwei didn't dare hesitate, she controlled the flying sword to circle back to Cultivator Lang's face.
Although the cultivator surnamed Lang couldn't move his body, he could still speak, "You smelly bitch, how dare you!" Looking at Yuan Qingwei's fierce expression, the cultivator surnamed Lang roared again, "Who is it? Who is it?! "
Luo Zheng slowly appeared behind Yuan Qingwei, and he stared at Cultivator Lang with an indifferent expression.
When the cultivator surnamed Lang saw Luo Zheng appear here unscathed, his face filled with shock. Wasn't this guy seriously injured? He was just an Early Void Tribulation warrior, and even if he wanted to fight three Late Divine Core Sect Elders, he couldn't defeat them in a short period of time. Could it be … all of them were dead?
This was impossible …
Cultivator Lang's thoughts ended here. Without any hesitation, Yuan Qingwei's flying sword pierced through his head, causing blood to splash out. After that, the flying sword fell back into the water.
Yuan Qingwei turned her head around and saw the man in front of her. He was the man she had spent a tremendous amount of effort to drag onto the reef.
"Quick, quick, save my junior sister …" Yuan Qingwei's mind had been tense all this time. Moreover, she had just killed two people in a row. She was almost on the verge of collapse. She closed her eyes and fainted.
After a long time, Yuan Qingwei slowly woke up. She instinctively raised her body and saw her two sisters lying beside her. Although their clothes were messy, their breathing was stable. They were unharmed!
Were they all saved by that man?
Yuan Qingwei raised her head and saw that the man was sitting on another reef. He seemed to be healing her.
She flew over and landed lightly on the reef, sizing up the slightly thin man in front of her.
At that moment, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. He glanced at Yuan Qingwei and said, "You're awake."
Yuan Qingwei nodded. "May I ask … what is your name?"
"I'm not your benefactor. If it weren't for me, you wouldn't have been involved in this for no reason. It's your kindness that saved yourselves," Luo Zheng replied.
However, Yuan Qingwei said, "Father always said that people should know how to repay kindness. I only know this."
A helpless smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. What kind of father raised this daughter of his? She was so pure and innocent. He was asking for death by letting her step into the world of warriors!
Then, he shook his head and said, "My name is Luo Zheng."
"Luo Zheng! You're that Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall? "Yuan Qingwei's eyes widened. She had never expected this.
"You've heard of me?" Luo Zheng asked lightly. Although it was a question, Luo Zheng was not surprised.
There were many people in the Central Domain who knew Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng's departure from the Martial Arts Competition, he had become famous all over the world!
Then, he helped the Cloud Hall build the strongest Sect Protection Array. He relied on the Sect Protection Array to challenge Cui Xie. Since then, Luo Zheng's fame had skyrocketed! At that time, Luo Zheng was only in the Divine Reflection Realm. A warrior in the Divine Reflection Realm dared to challenge the strongest person in the Central Domain. This kind of courage and boldness might not be desirable in the eyes of the elders, but among the younger generation of warriors, he had become half a legend!
His story had been repeated over and over again, and it had spawned countless versions. No matter which version it was, it would make people's hearts surge.
"Of course I've heard of you. But aren't you in the Divine Reflection Realm? How come you're already … "Yuan Qingwei sized up Luo Zheng." And there are rumors in the Central Domain that you're already dead! "
Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't care about himself. Instead, he cared about the situation in the Cloud Hall and news about his sister.
"What's the situation in the Central Domain now?" Luo Zheng asked.
Obviously, Yuan Qingwei wasn't the kind of person who cared too much about the situation. In contrast, she was more willing to listen to other people's stories about Luo Zheng. However, as an inner disciple of the Fish Dragon Sect, she knew more or less about the situation.
"Now all the sects in the Central Domain have united together. It's said that they want to eliminate all the independent warriors," Yuan Qingwei said, curling her lips.
"Why?" Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face.
Yuan Qingwei curled her lips. "Because they want to force all the independent warriors to join the sects! That's why our Fish Dragon Sect is now a mess. There are all kinds of people! "
The eight warriors killed by Luo Zheng today were all independent warriors. However, the old man surnamed Hu joined the Fish Dragon Sect early, so he got the position of Elder.
"What about the Cloud Hall?"
"What about the World Business Alliance?"
"What about the Void Spirit Sect?"
Luo Zheng asked several questions. Yuan Qingwei stared at Luo Zheng with her eyes wide open. Her eyes didn't move, but Luo Zheng understood her expression. She clearly didn't know!
"Do your two sisters know?" Luo Zheng asked. He noticed that the other two female disciples were slowly waking up.
"No …" Yuan Qingwei answered for her sisters without hesitation.
Luo Zheng exhaled and then said, "Well, the Fish Dragon Sect is not far from here, right?"
"Well, I can show you the way!" Yuan Qingwei finally found that she was a little useful.
After the two female disciples woke up, the four of them went to the Fish Dragon Sect. After the two female disciples learned about Luo Zheng's identity, the three of them chattered non-stop along the way, as if they had forgotten about the life and death crisis they had just faced …
The three women threw all kinds of questions at Luo Zheng, which immediately gave Luo Zheng a headache.
On the way, Xun couldn't stand it anymore. She turned into a little red light and rushed out of her body, releasing a strong power toward the three women. Then Xun scolded, "You three, shut up!"
The three women immediately shut up. Xun's sudden appearance really scared them. However, Xun's scolding only lasted for a few breaths of time before the three women surrounded Xun.
"Sister, why is your skin so white?"
"What are your clothes made of? Why do they look like they're made of leaves? But they're very tough! "
"Hey, sister, why are your ears so sharp …"
Xun rolled her eyes helplessly and said to Luo Zheng, "I can't help you!" Then she turned into a little red light again and drilled into Luo Zheng's body.
Fortunately, the Fish Dragon Sect was built on a mountain near the sea, and the sea area under their feet was originally the coastal sea. After flying over this sea area, Luo Zheng saw a large sect!
Although the Fish Dragon Sect was only a third-grade sect, there were many disciples in it. It accounted for about one-third of the Purple Heart Holy Land!
This was also because there were too few humans on the Sea God Continent. Any decent sect in the Central Domain had millions of disciples. Some large sects had millions or even tens of millions of disciples, such as the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect.
At the gate of the Fish Dragon Sect, hundreds of lights flashed in the entire sect. Those were the lights emitted by the sect's protective array.
After a while, two streams of light flew over. They were two warriors at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. One of them questioned Luo Zheng, "Who are you?"
Yuan Qingwei smiled and said to one of the warriors, "Elder Yu, this is Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall!"
"Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall?"
The two False Tribulation Realm elders looked at each other. One of them had a strange expression, "Isn't Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall dead? Why are you pretending to be him? "

Chapter 667
Back then, Luo Zheng had actually left without saying goodbye. Since the opening of the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, many top warriors from various sects had entered and obtained many opportunities. Many of them had died, and the sects in the entire Central Domain had undergone earth-shaking changes.
Luo Zheng was the first to pass through the Wheel of Fortune in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb. However, when the warriors from various sects returned, they discovered that Luo Zheng had disappeared!
No one knew whether he was dead or alive. The Cloud Hall was also tight-lipped about this, which gave the outside world room to speculate. Most warriors believed that Luo Zheng must have died.
There were many warriors who had entered the Immortal Tomb by relying on the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb. What had happened in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb couldn't be hidden. All kinds of incredible and terrifying things in the Wheel of Fortune had been vividly described. Therefore, it wasn't hard for people to accept that Luo Zheng had died. After all, even a False Tribulation Realm elder would die. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a Divine Reflection Realm warrior!
"Why are there rumors that I'm dead?" Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. It seemed that he really shouldn't have left without saying goodbye. "Forget it. I want to see the Sect Master of the Fish Dragon Sect."
"It doesn't matter whether you are Luo Zheng or not. You have nothing to do with the Fish Dragon Sect. Leave quickly." Another False Tribulation Realm elder wasn't very interested in Luo Zheng's identity. The situation in the entire Central Domain was unpredictable. It was better to be cautious.
At this time, Yuan Qingwei said, "Elder Yu, Luo Zheng just saved our lives …"
"Nonsense, Yuan Qingwei! The three of you, come here! " The elder scolded Yuan Qingwei. Then he turned to Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Friend, this is a special time. If you don't leave, don't blame me for being impolite."
Luo Zheng came to the Fish Dragon Sect with no other request. He just wanted to inquire about the Central Domain through the Fish Dragon Sect. He didn't expect the two elders in the False Tribulation Realm to be so rude. Luo Zheng's face darkened, and then he said coldly, "Just now, people from the Fish Dragon Sect tried to kill me when I was healing. I have to settle this account with the Fish Dragon Sect!"
"Nonsense. How could someone from the Fish Dragon Sect do such a thing?" Elder Yu retorted coldly to Luo Zheng.
"Elder Yu …" Yuan Qingwei wanted to say something, but as soon as she opened her mouth, Elder Yu shouted, "Shut up!"
"Humph, boy, you really came to the Fish Dragon Sect to make trouble! But you have to look carefully. The Fish Dragon Sect is a third-grade sect. You are just a warrior in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. I don't know who gave you the confidence! "The other elder in the False Tribulation Realm sneered.
There were three elders in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm in the Fish Dragon Sect, and the Sect Master was a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. In the eyes of these two elders, Luo Zheng had reached the False Tribulation Realm at such a young age. But after all, he was only in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. How could he fight against four warriors in the False Tribulation Realm of the Fish Dragon Sect alone?
"Friend, please leave quickly." Elder Yu's body began to revolve a pale green true essence. He cultivated a type of poison technique. Although it couldn't compare to the 'Five Poison Scripture', this type of poison technique was still very difficult to deal with.
Luo Zheng glanced at the elder in the False Tribulation Realm. Although there was no killing intent in Luo Zheng's eyes, for some reason, the elder's heart trembled involuntarily. Then Luo Zheng said slowly, "Make trouble? Well, since you said I'm making trouble, then let's make a scene! "
Then Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and suddenly, a surging Qi Power was released! With the improvement of Luo Zheng's cultivation, his soul became more and more stable, and the pressure released by his powerful soul became more and more terrifying!
The two elders in the False Tribulation Realm suddenly felt as if a mountain was pressing down on them. The powerful pressure made them breathless, and their heads hurt so much that they felt like they were going to split open!
Although Luo Zheng's Spiritual Pressure was released in front of him, there was always a small part of it dissipating in all directions. How could Yuan Qingwei and the other two female disciples beside Luo Zheng withstand it? Their faces suddenly turned pale!
How could they have imagined that the young man, who looked as gentle as the wind just now, would become so terrifying at this time!
Yuan Qingwei's face was as white as a sheet of paper. Although there was a look of fear on her face, her eyes were full of excitement. Luo Zheng really lived up to his reputation. He could suppress the two elders of the Fish Dragon Sect with his aura alone! He was young and had absolute strength, which was very attractive to any girl.
"This … friend, it seems that you really want to fight!" Although Elder Yu's face was ugly, he could not let an outsider show off in the sect. He resisted Luo Zheng's Spiritual Pressure and was about to attack Luo Zheng with his Genuine Essence.
Luo Zheng faintly raised his eyebrows, and Xun suddenly drilled out of Luo Zheng's body. With a long spear in her hand, the tip of the spear stabbed out at lightning speed and placed it on Elder Yu's neck. As long as the tip of the spear shook slightly, Elder Yu's head would fall to the ground.
However, the aura that Xun exuded made her seem like the ruler of all living beings. There was no trace of pity in her clear and beautiful red eyes. Elder Yu knew very well that if he moved even the slightest bit, this woman would not show any mercy!
"Haha, Young Hero Luo Zheng, please forgive me for not coming out to welcome you!" At this time, a loud voice rang out, and a streamer shot out from the Fish Dragon Sect and stopped steadily in mid-air. "May I know why Young Hero Luo Zheng has come to visit me?"
Previously, they had doubted Luo Zheng's identity, but after seeing Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, how could they not be sure of Luo Zheng's identity? Anyone who had heard of Luo Zheng's legend knew that his Sword Spirit was a beautiful woman from a different race. There were very few swordsmen in the Central Domain who had Sword Spirits, and no one but Luo Zheng had a Sword Spirit who could transform into a beautiful woman!
Previously, Luo Zheng only wanted to visit this person, but Yuan Qingwei did not know anything. This time, Luo Zheng naturally wanted to straighten out the situation in the Central Domain before returning to the Cloud Hall.
However, these two Sect Elders from the Fish Dragon Sect didn't know what was going on, and they wanted to chase him away. Luo Zheng had nearly been plotted against by them, and since they didn't know what was going on, Luo Zheng had no choice but to reason with them.
"Sect Chief Xiao," Luo Zheng didn't have a smile on his face. With a deep voice, he said, "Just now, when I was healing my injuries in the ocean, I was attacked by three Divine Core warriors from your sect. I'm here to ask for an explanation!"
"Is that so?" Sect Chief Xiao's expression darkened as he questioned Elder Yu. "Why is there such scum in my sect? Elder Yu, who are those three Divine Core warriors?"
How could Elder Yu know who they were? When he heard the Sect Chief's question, his eyes flickered as he saw Yuan Qingwei standing not far away from him. With a stern voice, he asked, "Yuan Qingwei, why didn't you report what happened?"
Being questioned like this, Yuan Qingwei was startled for a moment. With a wronged expression, she said, "Elder Yu, you didn't want me to say anything just now, I've told you a few times …"
Sect Chief Xiao coldly harrumphed at Elder Yu. After that, with a kind smile on his face, he said to Yuan Qingwei, "Tell me what happened in detail." Sect Chief Xiao didn't know why Luo Zheng came here.
But, as he was able to become the Sect Chief, he was a smart man. There were only a few dozen Divine Core warriors in the Fish Dragon Sect, and most of them were from the Sect itself. Those independent warriors were arrogant and unruly, and they might have done something like this. If it wasn't the Fish Dragon Sect who did this, Sect Chief Xiao wouldn't have allowed Luo Zheng to frame them with such a crime. But, if it was really the Fish Dragon Sect who did this, then it was a different story.
After that, Yuan Qingwei told Sect Chief Xiao about how they found Luo Zheng at the bottom of the sea, how they brought him up to the reef, how they met Elder Hu, and how they were attacked by those independent warriors.
After listening to the story, Sect Chief Xiao let out a hollow laugh. He glared at Elder Yu, then he turned to Luo Zheng and said politely, "Young hero Luo Zheng, this is the Fish Dragon Sect's fault! I apologize to you on behalf of the Fish Dragon Sect! As for the reason behind this, please come to my pavilion and we'll talk about it in detail! "
In fact, Luo Zheng felt it was strange as well. Although the Fish Dragon Sect was only a Third Grade Sect, it still had some fame in the Central Domain. But, the men he saw just now had strong killing intent, and they didn't look like ordinary disciples.
Since Sect Chief Xiao had invited him, Luo Zheng wouldn't refuse. Besides, Luo Zheng didn't plan to talk about this matter. It was only after the two Void Tribulation Elders made things difficult for him that Luo Zheng brought it up.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 668
In the Tianshui Pavilion of the Fish Dragon Sect.
Steam curled up from a cup of fragrant tea. As the music played, more than ten maids danced gracefully. They were enchanting and extremely beautiful.
Sect Master Xiao sat on Luo Zheng's left and said with a smile, "It's rumored in the Central Domain that Young Hero Luo Zheng died in the immortal tomb. Seeing that you're safe and sound, this rumor seems to be true."
Luo Zheng didn't care about this rumor at all. Instead, he asked directly, "Sect Master Xiao, why did you explain it to me?"
Sect Master Xiao sighed and said, "It seems that Young Hero Luo Zheng hasn't been in the Central Domain for the past two years. You don't know anything about the situation in the Central Domain."
"That's why I'm here," Luo Zheng said seriously. If it weren't for the news, he wouldn't be bothered to stay in this third-rank sect!
Sect Master Xiao nodded and said, "Since the opening of the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, many fourth-rank and fifth-rank sects in the Central Domain returned. The entire Central Domain was peaceful for a while. However, half a year later, a new force was born in the Central Domain. This force was formed by Cui Xie. It's called the Kingdom of Evil Deities!"
Hearing Cui Xie's news, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly became very serious. He was most concerned about Cui Xie and the Cloud Hall. The former concerned the fate of Luo Yan, while the Cloud Hall concerned the fate of Ning Yudie. However, Luo Zheng only listened and didn't interrupt Sect Master Xiao.
"However, the Kingdom of Gods was self-proclaimed by Cui Xie! The warriors in the Central Domain didn't recognize it at all! "Sect Master Xiao sneered.
When a Sect developed to a Rank 6 Sect, it could be regarded as a Holy Land or Divine Nation. A Holy Land could still be considered a Sect. For example, the Purple Heart Holy Land could be considered a Rank 6 Sect, and the Sky Feather Holy Land could be considered a Rank 7 Sect!
But a God's Kingdom was different. After it was established, the entire God's Kingdom belonged to Cui Xie alone! He Cui Xie would ascend the throne just like the emperor of the mortal world!
Cui Xie had established the Kingdom of Evil Deities in the Central Domain. He wanted to include the entire Central Domain, and all the Fifth Grade Sects, Fourth Grade Sects, and even the Third Grade and Second Grade Sects in the Central Domain would submit to Cui Xie!
How could the other martial practitioners of the Central Domain be willing to lower their heads to Cui Xie?
When Cui Xie had just established the Kingdom of Evil Deities, several large Sects had jointly declared that they refused to recognize the existence of the Kingdom of Evil Deities!
Regardless of whether it was the World Business Alliance or the Void Spirit Sect, none of them objected to Cui Xie establishing a Sect! Regardless of whether Cui Xie named it "Tian Xie Sect" or "Earth Evil Sect", there was no problem. New Sects were born in the Central Domain every year, and new Sects would rise every year. However, it couldn't be called the "Kingdom of Evil Deities"!
However, Cui Xie had already made up his mind. He began to wantonly recruit and recruit independent martial practitioners from the entire Central Domain.
Many years ago, someone had asserted that the strongest power in the Central Domain wasn't the World Business Alliance or the Void Spirit Sect, but independent martial practitioners!
Independent martial practitioners referred to those martial practitioners who didn't join any Sects. These martial practitioners relied on their own experience to grow.
Although their cultivation environment was far inferior to that of the Sects, and most of their talents couldn't be compared to the Sects' disciples, the large Sects would often discover geniuses who stepped into the Martial Dao.
However, independent martial practitioners had the advantage of having a large population. With so many geniuses divided among the Sects, there were bound to be some geniuses left out! Therefore, independent martial practitioners were a power that couldn't be ignored.
Cui Xie had recruited all the independent martial practitioners in the entire Central Domain. The Kingdom of Evil Deities was also rapidly expanding.
"Actually, the Fish Dragon Sect wasn't willing to recruit independent martial practitioners either." Sect Master Xiao smiled bitterly. "Among these independent martial practitioners, some were originally robbers. If they joined the Fish Dragon Sect, it would ruin our reputation! However, under the circumstances, we had no choice but to do so! "
If they recruited independent martial practitioners, then independent martial practitioners would continuously join the Kingdom of Evil Deities. Therefore, the World Business Alliance had no choice but to work with the Void Spirit Sect and the Cloud Hall to inform all the Sects in the Central Domain to also crazily recruit independent martial practitioners!
For many independent martial practitioners who had just stepped onto the Martial Dao, the Sects might be very attractive. However, for those who had grown up, the attraction of joining a Sect was far less intense. After all, after joining a Sect, they would be bound by the Sect's rules. Moreover, those independent martial practitioners were used to being free. How would they be willing to join a Sect?
In fact, this problem also existed in the Kingdom of Evil Deities. However, the Kingdom of Evil Deities had just been established and didn't have many restrictions on the martial practitioners in the Godly Kingdom. Instead, Cui Xie promised many benefits to those independent martial practitioners. In the future, when the Kingdom of Evil Deities was fully developed, these people would all receive great benefits and rewards!
Many Sects in the Central Domain were also unwilling to be left behind. To sum it up in two words, it was coercion and temptation.
After the situation evolved step by step to the present, there was less and less space for independent martial practitioners to survive. They could either choose to join the Kingdom of Evil Deities or choose to join a Sect! No matter which Sect you joined, you had to be a Sect disciple. Otherwise, trouble would come knocking!
"How can this be?" Hearing Sect Master Xiao's words, Luo Zheng also felt that it was somewhat inconceivable.
"In the beginning, no one expected things to develop to this point. Now, almost no one in the Central Domain dares to say that they are independent martial practitioners …" Sect Master Xiao smiled and said, "I think there will be a battle between the Sects and Cui Xie!"
Luo Zheng nodded. When he heard the two words "Cui Xie", his eyes became sharp!
"There is one more thing that I would like to ask Sect Master Xiao," Luo Zheng asked again.
"Just say it!" Sect Master Xiao's expression was very polite. Why was he so angry with Elder Yu just now? First of all, Luo Zheng was not someone he could afford to offend. The Cloud Hall was now a fifth-grade Sect. His Fish Dragon Sect could never catch up to it! Moreover, Luo Zheng's Rune Technique had become a legend in the Central Domain. If he could befriend Luo Zheng, he could ask Luo Zheng to give him a Sect-Protecting Formation. It didn't need to be as powerful as the one in the Cloud Hall. As long as it had half of the power, it would be able to benefit his Fish Dragon Sect immensely!
"Cui Xie's Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation … is it completed?" Luo Zheng asked cautiously. In fact, he was very reluctant to ask this question because he was afraid of hearing an affirmative answer! However, Luo Zheng knew that there were some things in this world that he had to face.
Sect Master Xiao knew about the conflict between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie. He knew that Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, had fallen into Cui Xie's hands. Of course, Luo Zheng would be concerned about this problem. Sect Master Xiao immediately said, "No. It is said that the entire Kingdom of Evil Deities is now looking for a woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body!"
Hearing Sect Master Xiao's words, Luo Zheng immediately breathed a sigh of relief. In the past two years, Luo Zheng had been most worried about this matter.
It seemed that fate was still on Luo Zheng's side!
Seeing Luo Zheng's happy face, Sect Master Xiao hurriedly said, "Young Hero Luo Zheng, don't worry. The Extreme Purple Yin Body is said to be rare. How can it be so easy to find?"
Luo Zheng nodded. Since he had returned to the Central Domain, the hatred between him and Cui Xie would definitely come to an end!
"Young Hero Luo Zheng, you said that you were recuperating. If you don't mind, I can provide you with a place to stay. Our Fish Dragon Sect may not be able to give you other things, but elixirs and the like …" Sect Master Xiao hurriedly said.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I was just passing by. Since I have returned to the Central Domain, I naturally have to hurry back. Thank you for your hospitality, Sect Master Xiao. I still have to rush back to the Cloud Hall."
After talking with Sect Master Xiao, Luo Zheng only caught two pieces of information. First, the Cloud Hall was safe and sound. Second, the third person with the Extreme Purple Yin Body had not been found! Luo Zheng was satisfied with these two pieces of information.
"Since Young Hero Luo Zheng has important matters to attend to, I won't keep you any longer." Then Sect Master Xiao stood up and saw Luo Zheng off. He even called the three False Tribulation Realm elders of the Fish Dragon Sect to see him off.
After Luo Zheng turned into a stream of light and disappeared into the horizon, Elder Yu said unwillingly, "Sect Master, why are you so polite to this kid?"
Although Elder Yu knew Luo Zheng's identity, Luo Zheng had nothing to do with the Fish Dragon Sect. Why should he be so polite to him?

Chapter 669
Although Luo Zheng was only in the False Tribulation Realm now, Sect Master Xiao was clear about his relationship with Ning Yudie.
Luo Zheng was bound to become the core figure of the Cloud Hall. Moreover, Sect Master Xiao wanted to find an opportunity to ask Luo Zheng to help set up the Sect Protecting Formation. This time, he couldn't ask. After all, he had no relation to Luo Zheng. However, if he befriended Luo Zheng this time, he could find an opportunity to ask next time …
A purple-black stream of light flashed across the horizon, covering a distance of several kilometers in a single breath.
Even though Luo Zheng's speed was extremely strange, it wouldn't take him a day or two to reach Cloud Sea City with his speed. Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't heading towards Cloud Sea City, but a large city in the east of the Central Domain, Void Sky City.
Cloud Sea City was built on the basis of the Cloud Hall, while Void Sky City was built on the basis of the Void Spirit Sect. As for the headquarters of the World Business Alliance, it was in Tianqi City. Behind every prosperous and large city stood an even larger sect.
These large cities had teleportation formations built between them. If Luo Zheng passed through Void Sky City, his speed would be much faster.
Two days later, Luo Zheng arrived in the sky above this ancient city.
If Tianqi City was the most prosperous city in the entire Central Domain because of the existence of the World Business Alliance, then Void Sky City was the most ancient city in the Central Domain because the Void Spirit Sect's history was much longer than the World Business Alliance's.
Standing in the sky above Void Sky City, one could see that the entire city was filled with ancient buildings. These buildings more or less had some historical allusions and were mentioned in various ancient poems. It could be considered a historical city.
As soon as he approached Void Sky City, Luo Zheng sensed a Forbidden Flight Restriction. It was said that the Forbidden Flight Restriction in Void Sky City was created by Feng Guanyu, but it was later destroyed. However, the Void Spirit Sect still hired many rune masters and spent a large amount of money to set up this Forbidden Flight Restriction again.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could actually completely ignore this Forbidden Flight Restriction, but after thinking about it, he didn't want to cause unnecessary trouble, so he landed on the official road and walked towards Void Sky City.
Several armored soldiers stood at the gate of the Void Sky City, constantly scanning the people entering and exiting the city gate.
Mortals without any True Yuan or True Energy in their bodies could pass through freely. If they were martial artists, they would be stopped and interrogated.
When Luo Zheng raised his head and walked over, he was also stopped by those soldiers.
These soldiers were only Xiantian life forms. They sized up Luo Zheng and found that they couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cultivation. Their expressions changed slightly, and one of them said politely, "Friend, we have a custom in Virtual Sky City. We have to check the affiliation of warriors. Independent warriors are not allowed to enter. May I ask which sect or family you belong to?"
Currently, all the major sects were desperately squeezing the living space of independent warriors. What the Void Sky City did was light. In some places, there were even big conflicts with independent warriors, and hundreds of independent warriors were killed …
"So, independent warriors aren't even allowed to enter the city?" Hearing this rule, Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless. This was really forcing independent warriors to join sects.
"That's right," the soldier said with a smile. "You also know the current situation in the Central Domain. If you're an independent warrior, I can help you find someone. With your strength, it won't be a problem for you to join the Void Spirit Sect."
When that armored soldier saw Luo Zheng dawdling, he treated him as an independent martial artist.
Luo Zheng immediately shook his head. "Thank you for your kindness, but I'm from the Cloud Hall."
"Cloud Hall?" The soldier's eyes flashed. "May I ask how you can prove it?"
Luo Zheng reached out and tapped the ring on his chest lightly. Then, he took out a nameplate from the ring. It was the disciple nameplate that was distributed to Luo Zheng after he joined the Cloud Hall.
The soldier pretended to turn it over and over in his hand several times. The soldier wasn't from the Cloud Hall, so how could he distinguish the authenticity of the Cloud Hall's disciple nameplate? However, even if he was pretending, he still had to check it.
In fact, many stubborn independent warriors were really unwilling to join sects, but they had to enter these big cities to do things, so they had no choice but to entrust others to forge the disciple nameplates of those sects …
After flipping it over for a while, the soldier exchanged the disciple nameplate for Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng made way for Luo Zheng. Immediately, Luo Zheng entered the Void Sky City.
The Void Sky City was an ancient city. Whether it was the streets or the food, it was very special. Luo Zheng didn't rush to the transfer array. Instead, he entered the famous Qin Yue Pavilion in the Void Sky City. He planned to rest for a short while before continuing on his journey.
The Qin Yue Pavilion wasn't very tall. It only had three floors. However, it was adjacent to the Qingshui River. The scenery was very elegant. Since ancient times, many people had come to this pavilion to recite poems. Therefore, the Qin Yue Pavilion's reputation was very great. The cost of living here was also very high.
After casually ordering a few simple and elegant dishes, Luo Zheng's gaze looked into the distance. A few scholars at a nearby table were reciting poems. When they were full of interest, they picked up the chopsticks on the table and knocked on the bowls. The person who was knocking seemed to be proficient in music. The "ding ding dong dong dong" sounded very pleasing to the ears.
Luo Zheng also listened with interest. He even applauded the other party. That person then cast a smiling face at Luo Zheng.
Most of the scholars in the Qin Yue Pavilion weren't martial artists. At this time, Luo Zheng also sighed. Even such an ordinary life was a way to live. However, Luo Zheng also knew that since he had chosen the path of a martial artist, there was absolutely no reason to retreat.
From the first day he set foot on the martial path, he was destined to compete with the heavens, with the earth, and with people. Moving forward on the martial path wasn't a paradise. However, if he retreated, he would definitely be consigned to eternal damnation!
Just as the scholar was singing and playing, several martial artists walked in. These martial artists were all at the Divine Reflection Realm. As soon as they came in, they made a racket, causing the scholars in the Qin Yue Pavilion to glare at them angrily.
However, those martial artists didn't seem to notice. These mortals couldn't enter their eyes.
Luo Zheng also didn't poke his nose into other people's business. He just minded his own business and drank and ate. However, the words of those martial artists attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
"Alas, I'm so tired! This f * cking Void Spirit Sect, when did they treat us as disciples? They simply treat us as slaves! "The martial artist drank a lot of wine and vented the unhappiness in his heart.
"Shh! Brother Cui, don't be so loud. If those inner disciples of the Void Spirit Sect hear you and complain, it will be troublesome! "Another martial artist reminded in a low voice.
Luo Zheng finally understood. These martial artists should have been independent martial artists, but they were forced to be recruited by the Void Spirit Sect. However, they were obviously very dissatisfied with the current situation.
"Alas, I hope this matter will end soon. Otherwise, I'm really tired of walking around in this city all day and being paranoid!"
"I say, that Xi Family's Young Lady should quickly find a man to sleep with. Then everything will be solved and she won't be remembered by Cui Xie!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked. His ears suddenly perked up. What did that mean? Xi Family's Young Lady? Remembered by Cui Xie?
As the number one person in the Central Domain, what kind of woman did Cui Xie not have? If he remembered that woman, it must be related to the Extreme Purple Yin Physique!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He originally maintained a sitting posture, but with this flash, his figure suddenly appeared beside the group of martial artists. He still maintained a sitting posture, and the stool under his butt also moved with him. However, he didn't make any sound from beginning to end, as if he was a ghost.
When the group of scholars saw this scene, they thought their eyes were playing tricks on them. They rubbed their eyes and looked again. They found that Luo Zheng had indeed moved his stool more than ten feet away without anyone noticing. They all widened their eyes, thinking that they had met a master.
As for the group of martial artists who were drinking to their hearts' content, they were also shocked. One of the martial artists stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Brother, what's the matter?"
"Clang," A top-grade true essence stone smashed on the table, and Luo Zheng immediately said, "I'll pay for the food and wine."
Seeing the top-grade true essence stone, the group of martial artists' eyes widened! The food in Qin Yue Pavilion was expensive, far beyond what ordinary people could afford, but that was for ordinary people. For martial artists, one or two low-grade true essence stones could eat here for half a month …

Chapter 670
Those martial artists stared fixedly at this top-grade True Essence Stone, their minds in a state of chaos.
Even if they were Divine Reflection Realm warriors, top-grade True Origin Stones were still a huge fortune for them.
After all, not every warrior had the ability to make money like Luo Zheng. When he was in the Eastern Domain, he could easily earn a lot of square crystals by relying on the Sky Evolution Essence. After he came to the Central Domain, he learned the Divine Rune Technique. With his current level of Divine Rune Technique, as long as he asked, any sect would spend a lot of money to ask Luo Zheng to set up a Sect Protecting Array!
And second-tier third-grade sects like the Fish Dragon Sect didn't even have the qualifications to ask …
"We, we don't need that much …" One of the warriors swallowed and stammered.
"The rest is yours," Luo Zheng said lightly.
The eyes of the warriors suddenly lit up, as if there were two scorching flames burning in them. "Re, really?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
He didn't expect that the several martial artists would simultaneously shake their heads and refuse. These martial artists were very vigilant. If an unimaginably large meat pie suddenly fell from the sky, anyone would feel a sense of danger. Either this was a fatal bait, or Luo Zheng was an idiot. But these martial artists clearly didn't think Luo Zheng was an idiot!
"I don't have any requests. I just want to hear about the young lady of the Xi Family. Tell me and the top-grade True Origin Stones will be yours," Luo Zheng said lightly.
"It's that simple?" A warrior asked.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
A strange look appeared on the faces of the warriors at the same time. One of them stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You just came to Void Sky City, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes, I just arrived."
"No wonder, this matter is not a secret. Now the whole Void Sky City is talking about it …" The warrior said.
"Don't tell me that the young lady of the Xi Family has the one in ten thousand Extreme Violet Yin Body," Luo Zheng said lightly.
The warrior stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "You know?"
"I guessed." Luo Zheng's eyes kept flashing. It seemed that he had guessed correctly. The situation was really troublesome. He could ignore other things, but Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's weakness! Back when he was only at the Divine Reflection Realm, he was able to kill Si Miaoling under immense pressure. Who would have thought that another Extreme Violet Yin Physique would appear in Void Sky City!
"This Xi Clan's Young Miss does indeed possess an Extreme Purple Yin Body," the cultivator replied affirmatively, "She is now being watched by Cui Xie, which is why all the cultivators in Void Sky City are panicking. Will Cui Xie lead his Tian Xie Sect to attack us?"
Although Cui Xie called himself the Country of Evil Deities, the Sects in the world did not recognize it. Therefore, most people still called the Country of Evil Deities as the Tian Xie Sect.
"In that case, quickly find someone to marry. Then there won't be so many problems, right?" Luo Zheng asked rhetorically.
Although the Void Spirit Sect and the Cloud Hall had many competitions, they had the same goal in terms of Cui Xie. The Void Spirit Sect knew very well that if Cui Xie succeeded in arranging the Great Sky Devil Joyous Union Formation, his cultivation would progress further. When he really stepped into the Divine Sea Realm, no one in the Central Domain would be able to stop him. At that time, not only the Void Spirit Sect, but also the World Business Alliance, the Cloud Hall, the Xuanyin Mansion, the Blood Wood Cliff … all the Sects would either kneel down or be eliminated!
Therefore, the Void Spirit Sect also did not want Cui Xie to find a third Extreme Purple Yin Body.
Unexpectedly, the cultivator gave a wry smile and then said, "You don't know. This is what we are complaining about. Do you know the identity of the Xi Clan's Young Miss?"
"What identity can she have?" Luo Zheng was puzzled. Even if the Xi Clan was a third-grade Sect, it was impossible for them to go against the Void Spirit Sect.
"The Sect Master of our Void Spirit Sect, Taoist Priest Qingxu, originally had the surname Xi. At that time, he cultivated with hair! Although he is a Taoist, he also has a wife and children in the Xi Clan, and the Xi Clan's Young Miss is the great-granddaughter of Taoist Priest Qingxu! "The cultivator said.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded, but then he said, "But this is an important matter. Not to mention that she's the great-granddaughter of Taoist Priest Qingxu, for the sake of the overall situation, even if she's his biological daughter, he would have to marry her off, right?"
"That's what everyone thought." The cultivators revealed helpless expressions, "But it just so happens that the Xi Clan views the Young Miss as the pearl of their palm, and the Xi Clan's Young Miss is extremely doted on by Taoist Priest Qingxu. Even though the Xi Clan has arranged for a few men for the Xi Clan's Young Miss, and there's no lack of geniuses from the Void Spirit Sect amongst them, she just doesn't like them!"
Luo Zheng frowned. This matter was quite troublesome indeed, but the source of the problem was still Cui Xie. Now that a Extreme Purple Yin Body had appeared in Void Sky City, perhaps it wouldn't be long before a Extreme Purple Yin Body would appear in Ocean of Clouds City as well! Even though the Extreme Purple Yin Body was rare, there were too many humans in the Central Domain, so the probability wasn't small at all.
In the end, he still had to kill Cui Xie and rescue Luo Yan.
However, Luo Zheng had no choice but to intervene in this matter. If Cui Xie really came to Void Sky City to snatch the Xi Clan's Young Miss, then it might be a nightmare for the Xi Clan's Young Miss, and it would be a nightmare for Luo Zheng as well.
The problem was, how should he deal with this matter? Luo Zheng could kill Si Miaoling because she was Cui Xie's subordinate, but the Xi Clan's Young Miss was the great-granddaughter of Taoist Priest Qingxu, so he couldn't just kill her with a single strike!
The cultivator watched Luo Zheng fall into deep thought, and then he said, "In my opinion, it's best to find a man to sleep with her and seize her Primordial Yin. Wouldn't this matter be resolved then? Unfortunately, the Xi Clan deserves to be called a great clan. Coupled with the fact that the clan has a Sect Master, it's too pretentious! "
"Sleep with her …" These words were very crude, but it was indeed very reasonable. As long as the Xi Clan's Young Miss was taken away, it would also cut off Cui Xie's thoughts. The problem was, who should he sleep with?
"Two days ago, we caught a spy from the Tian Xie Sect. In my opinion, that Cui Xie is already preparing to make his move. Maybe it will be in the near future!" Another cultivator said.
These words made Luo Zheng more and more anxious. Originally, he had inadvertently heard this matter, but now it seemed that it would become an urgent matter. Luo Zheng silently got up and walked out of Qin Yue Pavilion.
"Hey, you, your True Essence Stone!" These cultivators still didn't dare to take away the top-grade True Essence Stone.
"I'll give it to you," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Just as Luo Zheng left the Qin Yue Pavilion, he heard the sound of banging and banging coming from the Qin Yue Pavilion. It was the group of martial artists fighting with each other over the top-grade True Essence Stone.
Luo Zheng naturally ignored them. At this time, a little Sword Spirit condensed beside Luo Zheng. Soon, Xun appeared beside Luo Zheng. Her figure gently floated, attracting countless surprised gazes from passers-by.
Xun and Luo Zheng walked at the same speed, but facing Luo Zheng, there was a faint smile on her face. "What are you worried about? The solution to this problem is so simple!"
"Sleep with her!" Xun said with a faint smile.
There were many men and women in the Yao Ye Clan. Although Xun was the Yao Ye Clan's King, she didn't have the slightest taboo in her speech. This was also a difference brought about by different customs.
"Then you still have to find a man," Luo Zheng was also very conflicted.
As soon as her voice fell, her slender finger pointed at Luo Zheng.
"Me?" Luo Zheng hurriedly shook his head. "I can't."
"Then what do you want to do?" Xun asked, blinking her eyes.
"Let's wait and see." Luo Zheng frowned deeply. The key was that the Xi Family's Young Lady had a special identity, but he didn't know what Taoist Priest Qing Xu was planning. Could it be that he was going to let the Xi Family's Young Lady be willful and eventually be snatched away by Cui Xie?
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that Taoist Priest Qing Xu was also very distressed!
The news that the Xi Family had a woman with an Extreme Purple Yin Body had suddenly spread out, and no one could stop it!
If it was in the past, it would be a very happy thing for the Xi Family to have an Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, at this sensitive time, Cui Xie just happened to lack an Extreme Purple Yin Body to form the Great Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array.
Whether it was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall or the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance, they were very concerned about this matter. They had repeatedly urged Taoist Priest Qing Xu to quickly marry off his precious great-granddaughter.
Taoist Priest Qing Xu had also urged countless times, and even asked the Xi Family to take the initiative to use the family law to serve her. He had even threatened and lied to her. However, his great-granddaughter's temper was very strong. She would rather die than comply, saying that she hadn't met a suitable sweetheart.
It must be because he had read too many romance novels that his brain had become muddled! Taoist Priest Qing Xu had lived for hundreds of years. How could he understand the thoughts of a teenage girl?
But in any case, the sooner his great-granddaughter was married off, the sooner Taoist Priest Qing Xu would be relieved!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 671
The Xi Family was one of the great aristocratic families of Void Sky City. Originally, the Xi Family was only a second-grade family in Void Sky City. At that time, the Xi Family was not ranked in the entire Void Sky City. After all, Void Sky City had been passed down for thousands of years, and there were many third-grade aristocratic families.
Since the Xi Family produced Xi Mingyuan and climbed to the position of Void Spirit Sect Master, the status of the Xi Family naturally rose, and they became the leader of the third-grade aristocratic families of Void Sky City.
The entire Xi Family, which had close to ten thousand people, was settled in the Xi Family Castle in the eastern part of Void Sky City.
In the evening, the lamps at the entrance of the Xi Family Castle were lit up one by one. These lamps relied on true essence to release light, and a single low-grade true essence stone was enough to keep a lamp illuminated for several years. A low-grade true essence stone was not a small fortune for ordinary people, but it was impossible for ordinary families to use it.
However, the Xi Family's lamps were lit one by one, outlining the entire walls of the Xi Family Castle. Ordinary people often came here to admire the night scenery while marveling at the Xi Family's wealth.
After nightfall, groups of people came to the square in front of the Xi Family Castle to stroll around or lean on the small bridge. Some chatted about their daily lives, while others appreciated the lamps. In the entire Void Sky City, this place was the brightest.
It was also because of this that many hawkers came here to set up stalls. Roasted sweet potatoes, skewers of meat, and a rich fragrance permeated the air. There were even people who set up needlework on the ground, as well as all kinds of strange trinkets …
"Is this Xi Family's everlasting lantern really lit with True Origin Stones? So many lamps, wouldn't it cost several hundred true essence stones? " A wanderer, probably on his first day in Void Sky City, couldn't help but sigh as he looked at the endless line of lamps.
"I'm afraid Brother Han is making a fuss over nothing. The Xi Family's lamps have been lit for dozens of years. Who knows how many true essence stones have been burned?" Another wanderer shook his head and said.
"They are really too rich. I heard that even a thousand gold coins can't exchange for a single true essence stone. I'm afraid the Xi Family is burning gold!"
"Humph, the Xi Family is a dignified third-grade aristocratic family. It's not something you can imagine! Gold and silver are worthless to these warrior families. "Another wanderer shook his head.
"Sigh, it's really hard to imagine. I wonder what kind of life these warriors are living. If I had known earlier, I would have given up on literature and joined the martial arts when I was young. What nonsense!" The wanderer grumbled.
"That's not necessarily true. The world of martial artists is extremely bloody. Could it be that the Xi Family's great fortune was exchanged with their lives?" The wanderer chuckled and said, "Rumor has it that the young lady of the Xi family is looking for a husband. Brother Han, you are talented and have an impressive appearance. You can also try."
For an entire month, the Xi family had been hurriedly looking for a groom.
Although the Extreme Purple Yin Body had many implications, the Xi Clan was still the largest aristocratic clan in the Void Sky City. They couldn't really rush the Xi Clan's Young Miss to find a man to marry.
The Xi Clan's groom search had attracted many young elites. After all, she was the Young Miss of a large aristocratic family. Moreover, the Sect Master of the Void Spirit Sect stood behind the Xi Clan. If they could really marry the Young Miss of the Xi Clan, they would probably soar into the sky.
"Me? I'm afraid I can't. "The wanderer surnamed Han shook his head and said.
"Heh heh, you have some self-awareness. These days, no less than a thousand young elites have come to the Xi Clan, and among them, there is no lack of Heaven Grade geniuses. The bone age of these geniuses is only twenty to thirty years old, and their cultivation is frighteningly high. However, the Young Miss of the Xi Clan has really high standards. She didn't take a fancy to any of them!"
The status of the Young Miss of such a large aristocratic family was much higher than that of a princess in the mortal world. The matter of the Xi Clan's Young Miss' groom search was a major event in the Void Sky City. Everyone on the streets was talking about it.
In the depths of the Xi Castle, in a secluded little garden, under two screens made of jade, a twenty-eight year old girl sat cross-legged, meditating and cultivating.
This young girl was dressed in a pure white robe with two light green ribbons hanging down from her shoulders. Her fair and clean face looked especially simple and elegant.
At this moment, there was a knock on the door of the small courtyard.
The girl frowned slightly. Originally, she didn't want to get up and open the door, but the knocking was very persistent, as if it wouldn't stop until she opened the door. In desperation, she could only whisper, "Come in!"
The door of the small courtyard was pushed open, and three people came in. The leader was a young man with starry eyes and a faint smile on his face. His figure flashed, and he directly penetrated the space, passed through the screen, and arrived in front of the girl.
"Sister," the young man called out sweetly.
The girl opened her eyes, but her eyes were full of bitterness. She stared angrily at the young man in front of her and said, "Xiao Jie, can you walk normally?"
This young man was the god grade genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie. His full name was Xi Xiao Jie. This young man was not a member of the Xi Clan, but an adopted son of the Xi Clan. However, he grew up in the Xi Clan, and his relationship with the Xi Clan was very deep, especially with the girl in front of him.
With a smile on his face, Xi Xiao Jie grabbed a bunch of scrolls from behind his back and placed them in front of the girl. He said with a grin, "I've collected so many scrolls again today!"
When the girl saw the scrolls, the anger on her face became even more apparent. She circulated her energy, then a raging flame was unleashed, trying to burn all the scrolls away.
Xi Xiao Jie saw that the situation was getting worse, so he gently pointed his finger in the air. In an instant, the space in front of him began to distort, and although the raging flame was approaching him, it was split in half. Not even a single wisp of flame touched the scrolls.
"Sister, this is a task given to me by big uncle, can you at least let me finish?" Xi Xiao Jie said with a helpless expression.
The girl coldly harrumphed, then she closed her eyes and said with a deep voice, "Then continue with your nonsense!"
Xi Xiao Jie casually picked up a scroll, then slowly unfurled it in front of the girl. After the scroll was unfurled, a picture of a handsome man could be seen. There were even some poems written beside the picture.
"The man in this picture is young master Bo Sun from the Void Sky City, a Mid Divine Core warrior! He's so young, but he's already the Family Chief … "Xi Xiao Jie said with a grin on his face.
"Next." The girl closed her eyes and said with an expressionless face.
"The next man in this picture is Daoist Jiu Huan from the Illusion God Sect, he's 31 years old, and he's a Sect Elder of the Illusion God Sect …"
"Next …"
"This picture …"
While the two of them were asking and answering questions, they introduced the people in the picture scroll one by one. After that, Xi Xiaojie smiled and said, "I wonder if you found anyone you like today?"
"No." The girl remained silent for a moment, then she replied in a mechanical manner.
In fact, this conversation had been repeated more than a hundred times in the past month, three times a day in the morning and evening.
Xi Xiao Jie didn't mind at all. With a smile on his face, he said, "If not, then we'll have to wait until tomorrow! I wonder when sister will get married! "
The girl finally opened her eyes. With a smile on her face, she scolded, "You stinking brat, you're never serious!"
This girl was the girl who possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body, her name was Xi Youqin.
The Xi family was really anxious right now. Cui Xie's ambition had shrouded the entire Central Domain, and all the sects were in danger. The prosperity of the Void Spirit Sect was closely related to the Xi family, and if the Void Spirit Sect fell, the Xi family would have a hard time as well!
Right now, the most important matter for Cui Xie was the Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array. For this Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array, Cui Xie had waited for several decades. But in the end, because of Si Miaoling's death, he had no choice but to delay the setting up of the array.
But now, the Xi family had a girl who possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body. How could the Xi family not be anxious?
Some time ago, they discovered that the spies of the Tian Xie Sect had sneaked into the Void Sky City, which meant that the Tian Xie Sect had targeted Xi Youqin, causing the entire Void Sky City to be in a state of panic. For a time, rumors spread everywhere that the Tian Xie Sect was going to attack.
The several big families of the Void Sky City repeatedly ran to the Xi family to ask the Xi family to marry off their precious daughter as soon as possible. Their words were indeed a little tactful. If it weren't for Taoist Priest Qing Xu, they probably would have directly snatched her away.
To put it bluntly, there were only two paths in front of Xi Youqin. She could either get married quickly or be killed. In short, she couldn't fall into the hands of Cui Xie.

Chapter 672
After Xi Xiaojie finished laughing, his expression gradually became solemn, and he said seriously, "Today in the Void Spirit Sect, Master told me that I can't let you be willful anymore."
The Master Xi Xiaojie mentioned was naturally the Sect Master of the Void Spirit Sect, Daoist Priest Qing Xu.
If it wasn't for Daoist Priest Qing Xu, how could they allow Xi Youqin to be so willful?
Even if Daoist Priest Qing Xu protected Xi Youqin, the people of the Void Spirit Sect and Void Sky City had a lot of complaints in their hearts. At this time, of course, they had to consider the big picture and sacrifice a daughter of the Xi family. Not to mention marrying those young elites, even if she had to marry a pig or a dog, she would still marry them!
"Did Grandpa say that as well?" Hearing Xi Xiaojie's words, a trace of sadness flashed on Xi Youqin's face.
Xi Xiaojie was a year younger than Xi Youqin, but in the end, he had been training in the Void Spirit Sect, so his thoughts were more mature than Xi Youqin's. He said, "Sister, Master is also under a lot of pressure. In this situation, Cui Xie will probably plan to make a move!"
"How dare he? Our Void Spirit Sect is the number one sect in the Central Domain. If Cui Xie wants to make a move, he won't look for our Void Spirit Sect first," Xi Youqin retorted unhappily.
Xi Xiaojie smiled helplessly and said, "Why won't he look for the Void Spirit Sect? The top three forces in the Central Domain are the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and the Cloud Hall. If the Tian Xie Sect wants to make a move, they will definitely look for one of the three forces. The World Business Alliance has that ancient giant, so Heaven Awaken City can't be taken down in a short period of time. As for the Cloud Hall … Cloud Sea City is nothing, but the Cloud Hall has that extremely abnormal Sect Protecting Formation, so it will be difficult for the Tian Xie Sect to take it down. Although our Void Spirit Sect is called the strongest sect in the Central Domain, it is relatively easy to bully! "
Xi Xiaojie's analysis was indeed very reasonable.
Cui Xie was still very wary of the General Commerce League's influence. As for the Cloud Hall, Cui Xie had suffered a great loss in the Cloud Hall's Sect Guarding Formation. Comparatively speaking, it was the safest choice to start a war between the sects and find a breakthrough in the Void Spirit Sect. Moreover, the Void Spirit Sect had the strongest reputation and was the most powerful sect in the hearts of the martial artists in the central region. If he took down the Void Spirit Sect, there would definitely be a large number of independent martial artists who would defect to the Heavenly Evil Sect!
"If Cui Xie attacks Void Sky City, you are not the biggest reason, but you are definitely one of the reasons," Xi Xiaojie said seriously, "If you marry someone, you will cut off Cui Xie's thoughts. At least when the Tian Xie Sect attacks, no one will throw the responsibility to you!"
Xi Youqin looked gentle and quiet, like an orchid in a deep valley. She looked docile, but there was a stubborn force in her bones. When she heard Xi Xiaojie talking to her seriously, she suddenly said, "So what if I'm responsible? At worst, I'll die in the end. "
Xi Xiaojie also knew that he couldn't talk to her, so he just said, "Sister, I'm afraid you won't be able to die even if you want to."
These words suddenly made Xi Youqin's body tremble, and panic finally appeared on her face. For a moment, she didn't know what to say.
Cui Xie was a man who was neither good nor evil, and if Xi Youqin fell into Cui Xie's hands, it wasn't hard to imagine what would happen to her!
But, Xi Youqin's panic only lasted for a split second, before it was replaced by a ruthless expression. "If that's the case, I'll prepare some poison. If Cui Xie really attacks us, I'll just take the poison and kill myself."
Xi Xiaojie let out a long sigh, then he left the small courtyard with the other two servants.
Early in the morning of the second day, a young man wearing a green robe appeared in the square in front of the Xi family's entrance. It was too late last night, so Luo Zheng had rested for the night. When dawn broke, he finally arrived at the Xi family's castle after traveling through half of Void Sky City.
When he arrived at the square in front of the Xi family's entrance, he saw a lot of people lining up. The line was like a long dragon, and there were over a hundred people in the square.
These people were a mix of good and bad people. There were burly men, scholars with jade crowns, and as for cultivation … there were even some mortals who didn't have any cultivation, and there were even some Divine Core warriors.
"Is this, is this a groom selection?" Luo Zheng who was standing next to the line said with a smile on his face. It looked like the Xi family was really anxious. However, he had heard that this groom selection had been going on for quite some time, and he wondered if the young lady of the Xi family had eyes on her head, and didn't take a fancy to any of the men.
"Newcomer, you! If you want to marry me, go to the back of the line!" When a servant of the Xi family saw Luo Zheng, he pointed his finger at Luo Zheng and scolded him. This servant probably thought Luo Zheng was going to cut the line.
Luo Zheng wasn't angry at all. This servant was just an ordinary man, so of course he couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cultivation. As for the other warriors in the line, when they saw Luo Zheng's Void Tribulation realm cultivation, their expressions immediately changed.
Breaking through to the Void Tribulation realm at such a young age? Which big sect did this guy come from?
In the Sea God Continent, it wasn't rare for warriors to break through to the Combat Sovereign realm at the same age as Luo Zheng. For example, Mu Qingyang, Xia Shuang, and the others could also break through to the Combat Sovereign realm if they wanted to.
With the help of the Tower of Sin, the speed of cultivation was much faster than the outside world.
However, in the Central Region, reaching the Illuminating Spirit Realm at such a young age was a bit inconceivable. Only those large Sects would be able to accomplish this if they poured in all their resources, so none of these martial artists dared to look down on Luo Zheng.
"I'm not here to marry you." Luo Zheng replied with an indifferent tone.
"We're very busy right now. If you're not here to marry me, then don't join in the fun. Go somewhere else and have fun!" The servant bluntly started chasing Luo Zheng away. As a servant of the Xi family, even ordinary warriors wouldn't dare offend him.
Luo Zheng said with an indifferent tone, "I'm here to visit the Xi family's Patriarch, I wonder …"
The servant sneered. "Visit the Xi family's Patriarch? You? " Some warriors thought that their status was special and wanted to go through the family's Patriarch's back door. The servant clearly misunderstood Luo Zheng and said, "Our Patriarch doesn't have time to entertain guests! If you don't leave, I'm going to call for help! "
Right at this moment, an elderly steward walked over from the side and scolded the servant, "You blind fool, how can you open your mouth to speak like that?! Go busy yourself! "
The steward of the Xi Family was a Xiantian lifeform. When he saw the dispute from afar, he came over to take a look. What he saw gave him a fright. That servant was actually berating a False Tribulation realm martial artist!
In the Central Domain, False Tribulation realm warriors were not ordinary existences. The Xi family was a third-grade family, and the current Patriarch was only at the middle stage of False Tribulation realm. The person in front of him was so young, he must have a heaven-defying background. Therefore, the steward of the Xi family hurriedly drove the servant to the side and bowed to Luo Zheng. "Friend, our Xi family's servant has no eyes, please forgive him."
Luo Zheng didn't have much expression on his face. How could he be angry with an ordinary person? He just said lightly, "I don't know if I'm guilty or not, but I want to pay a visit to your Xi family's Patriarch."
"The Patriarch has been busy recently, but if you want to pay a visit, I will naturally help you pass on the message. However, please tell us your name," the steward said respectfully. He had been in the Xi family for dozens of years, so he naturally understood that this person in front of him couldn't be neglected.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to the steward, "Say that Luo Zheng is here to pay a visit to him."
"Luo, Luo Zheng?" The steward suddenly shouted, his eyes staring at Luo Zheng as if he had seen a ghost. Because his voice was too loud, it immediately alarmed the many warriors who had come to propose marriage.
Many warriors also came over with puzzled faces.
"Did you hear that? That kid called himself Luo Zheng, is he the Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall? "
"Isn't Luo Zheng dead? It's been almost two years, but there's no news about him at all. It's like he disappeared from the world! "
"It's really possible. Besides Luo Zheng, how many people can step into the False Tribulation realm in just two years? Oh, right, there's also the god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie … "
The steward of the Xi family looked at Luo Zheng in a daze, and then asked cautiously, "You, you are really Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Of course."

Chapter 673
After a while, several streaks of light flew out from the Xi Family Castle, immediately attracting the attention of many suitors.
One of the streaks of light directly rushed into the square and shouted, "Luo Zheng!"
This person was Xi Xiaojie.
Two years ago, during the Martial Arts Competition, because of a sudden change, Xi Xiaojie missed the opportunity to challenge Luo Zheng, which made him feel very regretful.
In these two years, Xi Xiaojie's strength had also soared, but Luo Zheng had disappeared without a trace, and there were rumours everywhere that he had fallen. Now that he suddenly heard the news of Luo Zheng, how could Xi Xiaojie not be excited? He rushed out almost immediately, and even felt a little nervous because he suspected that someone was pretending to be Luo Zheng.
He didn't expect that it was indeed Luo Zheng!
Seeing Xi Xiaojie, Luo Zheng also showed a surprised expression. He knew that this person was a god-grade genius of the Void Spirit Sect, but he didn't know that he was a member of the Xi Family.
"Xiaojie of the Void Spirit Sect, I trust you have been well since we last met." Luo Zheng nodded, but he didn't show any excitement.
"You have also stepped into the False Tribulation Realm! Let's fight, okay? "Xi Xiaojie wanted to challenge Luo Zheng as soon as they met, so he didn't look at the situation at all.
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't agree. He didn't come here to challenge Xi Xiaojie, but for the young lady of the Xi Family.
"Xiaojie, don't mess around!" A middle-aged man followed closely behind Xi Xiaojie. Some sharp-eyed people had already recognized that this person was the Xi Family Patriarch, Xi Xinghuai.
Xi Xinghuai cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "I heard that Young Hero Luo Zheng has come to visit my Xi Family, and I am deeply honored. This is not a place to receive guests, please come in!"
Luo Zheng also cupped his hands towards Xi Xinghuai, and then followed the cultivators of the Xi Family into the Xi Family Castle.
How fast was Xi Xinghuai's brain working?
There had to be a reason why Luo Zheng had disappeared for two years, and Luo Zheng was neither a relative nor a friend of the Xi Family. It wasn't difficult to guess why he had come to the Xi Family today, it must be for the Extreme Violet Yin Body. Because of Xi Youqin's matter, Xi Xinghuai had been under a lot of pressure recently, and Luo Zheng had come at the right time!
Inside the Xi Family Fort, Luo Zheng had just sat down and exchanged a few simple words with the Xi Family. Cultivators were not scholars, so there was no need for unnecessary formalities. Xi Xinghuai then opened his mouth and said, "Young Hero Luo Zheng, did you come to my Xi Family Fort for my daughter?"
Xi Xinghuai, Xi Xinghuai said, Xi Xinghuai's family, Xi Xinghuai of Xi.......
. "Xi Xinghuai clapped his hands and ordered a servant next to him," Go and find Youqin. "
Xi Xinghuai sighed, "It's my fault for spoiling this child too much. Since Young Hero Luo Zheng came here, you should know the whole story, but now you are in a hurry to find someone to entrust her to, otherwise I really don't know how to deal with this matter."
Xi Xinghuai said this because he wanted to hear Luo Zheng's opinion. Luo Zheng also saw the long line outside, and his words were actually a naked hint.
Xi Xiaojie was silent, but there was a naughty smile on his face. In his heart, he was thinking that if Luo Zheng became his brother-in-law, he would have many opportunities in the future to fight Luo Zheng sooner or later.
How could Luo Zheng not understand Xi Xinghuai's meaning?
But he couldn't really marry her just because this matter was urgent, could he? What's more, Xi Family's Young Lady might not be willing.
Luo Zheng said, "Xi Family's Young Lady has Extreme Purple Yin Body, so it is indeed inappropriate for her to stay in Void Sky City. I want to take her to the Cloud Hall to temporarily avoid the limelight. The Sect Protecting Array of the Cloud Hall should be able to resist for a while."
Xi Xinghuai's face showed a trace of disappointment. Xi Xiaojie was the adopted son of Xi Family, and Luo Zheng was no stranger to Xi Family. It was said that this boy's talent was even better than Xi Xiaojie's. If he could accept Luo Zheng as his Xi Family's son-in-law, the benefits to Xi Family were obvious!
But listening to Luo Zheng's evasive tone, Xi Xinghuai thought, 'Well, maybe after he sees my daughter, he will change his mind. If Luo Zheng agrees, Xi Youqin won't be able to be capricious this time!' Xi Xinghuai thought secretly, and a trace of decisiveness slowly appeared on his face. This matter really couldn't be delayed any longer!
"If Young Hero Luo Zheng can persuade my daughter to go to the Cloud Hall with you, it will naturally be a solution, but as long as my daughter is not married, Cui Xie will not stop thinking about it. We still have to think of a way to solve this once and for all," Xi Xinghuai said.
At this time, Xun suddenly transmitted a voice message to Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "This old guy wants to give his daughter to you! I guess that girl looks like a pig's head, so he can't give her to you! "
Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to Xun's words, and just nodded to Xi Xinghuai. At this time, two maids opened the door, and then a layer of prestige mixed with the fragrance of a young girl came in. A young girl in plain clothes walked in. This was Xi Youqin.
"Youqin, come and greet him," Xi Xinghuai hurriedly said.
The servant only asked Xi Youqin to go over, so how could he know who she was going to meet? She thought that it was some young master from a wealthy family who begged the head of the family to meet her directly. Xi Youqin had always been very resistant to this matter, so how could she have a good expression after coming in?
So when she heard Xi Xinghuai's words, she quickly walked over, and her elegant face like a white lotus seemed to be covered with a layer of frost. Xi Youqin glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said coldly, "It doesn't matter whether I greet him or not. You are not qualified to marry me. This young master who came out of nowhere, please go back!"
Seeing this scene, Xi Xiaojie secretly glanced at Xi Xinghuai, and his heart sank. He immediately knew that it was bad!
Sure enough, Xi Xinghuai's face was as gloomy as a piece of black charcoal. He suddenly got up and took a few steps towards Xi Youqin, and said coldly and angrily, "Youqin, you are too presumptuous! Don't think that just because great-grandfather loves you, you can mess around in the Xi family! "
The great-grandfather that Xi Xinghuai mentioned was Taoist Priest Qingxu.
It was because Taoist Priest Qingxu loved Xi Youqin that he, Xi Xinghuai, as her father, didn't dare to control Xi Youqin. However, he didn't expect this girl's temper to be so stubborn. He originally racked his brains to make Luo Zheng speak, but now it seemed that Luo Zheng himself didn't have this intention. However, his own daughter came up and said such words. How could Xi Xinghuai not be angry?
Being despised for no reason, Luo Zheng's face didn't show any anger. What's more, Luo Zheng didn't come to propose marriage.
"How am I messing around? Father, at most, you will force me to death! "Xi Youqin's face showed a resolute expression. This girl's temper was not ordinary.
Xi Xinghuai raised his hand and was about to slap her, but Xi Youqin's face was straight and didn't have the slightest intention of dodging. At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and stopped Xi Xinghuai. Luo Zheng then said, "Patriarch, please calm down. I have a few words to say to Miss Xi."
In front of outsiders, Xi Xinghuai couldn't lose his composure too much. He could only forcibly suppress the anger in his heart. He was really angry.
Luo Zheng stared at Xi Youqin indifferently and then said, "Miss Xi, you misunderstood. I didn't come to propose marriage."
Xi Youqin's face showed a mocking expression, "I know. You just want to get to know me and show me your strength and eloquence. Let me know which family you are from and how much potential you have in the future … Isn't your final goal the same? People like you can only be described with one word, hypocrite! You are even more hateful than those guys who open their mouths to propose marriage! "
"Pfft …" Hearing his sister's words, Xi Xiaojie couldn't help but burst out laughing.
"Xiaojie, what are you laughing at? What's so funny! "Xi Youqin turned her head and scolded Xi Xiaojie.
Luo Zheng was also speechless. He didn't expect this quiet and elegant Miss Xi to be so fierce and have such a rich imagination.
At this time, Luo Zheng sternly said, "I don't want to get to know you. You have the Extreme Purple Yin Body. It's too dangerous for you to stay here. I want to take you away from Void Sky City."
"Take me away? With just you? "The mocking expression on Xi Youqin's face became even more intense.
"Come with me, or die now. Choose one of the two." Luo Zheng's tone was unusually flat, but no one doubted that he could do what he said.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 674
Luo Zheng's words were not a joke. In Luo Zheng's heart, Luo Yan was the most important.
Just like Si Miaoling in the past, Xi Youqin's existence was a threat to Luo Yan. However, Si Miaoling stood in the position of Luo Zheng's enemy, while Xi Youqin in front of him was very innocent.
But regardless of whether Xi Youqin was innocent or not, Luo Zheng could not tolerate Luo Yan being threatened. Therefore, Luo Zheng decisively told this Xi Family's young lady that she could either follow him back to the Cloud Hall or be killed. It was that simple.
So when Luo Zheng said this, Xi Youqin was suddenly stunned.
She was free, intelligent, and lovable. In her generation, other than her adopted son, Xi Xiaojie, she was the youngest. She was the apple of the family's eye. Not to mention the many elders of the Xi Family who loved her very much, even the Grand Grandfather who had always been elusive would take the time to come back to the Xi Family to see her!
After Taoist Priest Qing Xu took charge of the Xu Ling Sect, he rarely appeared in the Xi Family. Even if Xi Xinghuai wanted to see him, it would be very troublesome. However, Taoist Priest Qing Xu could not forget his great-granddaughter. At this time, he was actually willing to send Xi Xiaojie to accompany Xi Youqin because he knew that Xi Youqin and Xi Xiaojie had a good relationship.
It could be imagined to what extent Taoist Priest Qing Xu doted on her?
It was also because of this that the Xi Family would repeatedly endure and give Xi Youqin enough time to be willful. This betrothal search had been going on for so long, but they still had not picked a suitable candidate.
If she was just a concubine's daughter in the Xi Family, she would have been coaxed and scared to marry out.
Xi Youqin never thought that the man in front of her would be so arrogant that he dared to say that he would take her life!
Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai were also stunned. They could see that Luo Zheng was not joking. As for the other Xi Family members in the hall, such as Xi Youqin's elders, their faces showed unkind expressions.
Although everyone had a headache about Xi Youqin's marriage, it was because they doted on Xi Youqin. You, an outsider, dared to come to the Xi Family's territory and treat Xi Youqin like this?
Xi Xiaojie frowned... Although he was an adopted son, he grew up with Xi Youqin since childhood. They really had a feeling that they were related by blood. They were like biological siblings. How could he let Luo Zheng really hurt Xi? Xi?
Just as Xi Xiaojie was about to step forward and speak to separate Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng, Xi Xinghuai waved his hand and stopped Xi Xiaojie.
Looking at Xi Xinghuai's action, Xi Xiaojie's face showed a confused expression. Xi Youqin was his daughter, wasn't he worried at all?
While puzzled, Xi Xiaojie chose to bide his time.
Xi Youqin was Xi Xinghuai's youngest daughter. How could he not worry about Xi Youqin's safety? However, Xi Xinghuai had an intuition. He felt that Luo Zheng would not really do it, or rather, he felt that his daughter was willful to this extent. Someone should really teach her a lesson!
Xi Youqin's status in the Xi Family was needless to say. No one dared to offend her. Even he, her father, did not dare to do anything. Most importantly, everyone had to give face to Daoist Priest Qing Xu. Although Daoist Priest Qing Xu rarely returned to the Xi Family Castle, he was the backbone of the Xi Family.
Outside of the Xi Family Castle, in this big Void Sky City, who had the qualifications to teach Xi Youqin a lesson?
The young man in front of him was different. The legend of Luo Zheng berating Cui Xie was still vivid in his mind. It had even been compiled into a story that was played and sung in the taverns and teahouses. It had become a story told by storytellers. Not to mention mortals, even some cultivators loved to listen to it.
This Luo Zheng was not even afraid of Cui Xie, so how could he be afraid of Daoist Priest Qing Xu?
He wanted to see if this Luo Zheng had the ability to subdue his daughter!
"Let me die? Do you have the ability? " Xi Youqin's face was deathly pale, but her stubborn temper had not been cultivated in a day or two. Even though she intuitively sensed that Luo Zhenghui would do as he said, she still bit her lips and persisted.
What's more, there were so many elders of the Xi Family present!
The young man in front of her had the cultivation of the False Tribulation Realm, which indeed made Xi Youqin somewhat afraid, but a cultivator at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm couldn't make a big wave in her Xi Family. At least her father was a cultivator at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and Xi Xiaojie had just entered the False Tribulation Realm. With his god-grade talent, he should be more powerful than this guy in front of her, right?
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he stared at Xi Youqin. "I said, you have two choices. Follow me, or I kill you now. Choose one."
"What if I don't choose?" Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"Then I'll help you choose!" Luo Zheng snorted lightly and directly reached out to grab Xi Youqin.
"You dare!" An elder of the Xi Family shouted in a stern voice.
However, Xi Xinghuai glared fiercely at that elder and also stopped him.
Seeing that her father not only didn't help her but also stopped the other members of the Xi Family from attacking, Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of despair. A teenage girl was the easiest to feel self-pity and hurt. She immediately burst into tears. "If I die, then I die!"
As soon as her voice fell, Luo Zheng's hand had already grabbed her white and flawless neck. It was at this moment that Luo Zheng said, "You're not afraid of death because you never knew what death was!"
Suddenly, killing intent surged out from Luo Zheng's body!
Luo Zheng had accumulated a lot of killing intent in the Tower of Sin and the Mysterious Underworld Cave. When he suddenly brought it out, the rich killing intent suddenly erupted, as if a demon god had descended!
Killing intent was also the aura of slaughter. It wasn't an aura that gradually accumulated from killing. It was also a kind of curse that was left behind by living creatures on the verge of death for Luo Zheng. It was the resentment of those living creatures after they killed Luo Zheng!
When this monstrous killing intent gushed out, the hearts of the tens of thousands of people in the Xi Family Fort suddenly trembled. Even those outside the Xi Family Fort were alarmed.
"Then, then what's wrong with the Xi Family Fort? Could it be that Cui Xie has sneaked in? Why is his killing intent soaring to the sky! "
"I don't think so. Although Cui Xie is both good and evil, he doesn't walk the path of slaughter. He doesn't have such a fierce killing intent!"
"Then who is it? Who dares to mess around in the Xi Family Fort? Are they not afraid of the Void Spirit Sect? "
Many cultivators speculated. They didn't dare to barge into the Xi Family Fort, so they could only make wild guesses.
Xi Youqin felt like she was about to suffocate. She felt like she wasn't facing a person, but a demon that crawled out of hell!
This person would really kill her without hesitation!
She grew up in the Xi Family Fort. She was a flower that grew up under the careful care of a greenhouse. How could she withstand any wind and rain? She was even worse than Yuan Qingwei that Luo Zheng encountered in the Fish Dragon Sect!
She felt that she wasn't afraid of death because she had never encountered the danger of death before. She was also confident that the Xi Family would never leave her alone!
But now, Xi Youqin felt like she was incomparably close to the god of death. The man in front of her only needed to exert a little force and she would definitely die. She was already hovering on the edge of life and death!
Why didn't father save her! Why didn't Xi Xiaojie do anything! Why were the Xi Family Elders indifferent? Xi Youqin finally panicked. In this situation, her survival instinct suddenly rose.
"Father … save me!"
She even forgot to cry. Because of fear, her elegant and clean voice became very sharp.
But Xi Xinghuai was indifferent, as if he didn't hear it.
The evil spirit released by Luo Zheng was still growing. At the same time, he also released a part of his soul pressure. Xi Youqin definitely couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's soul pressure. If the pressure was too great, she might directly faint. So this pressure wasn't very strong, but it was enough to make her feel the threat was constantly increasing!
"Are you sure you still want to choose death?" Luo Zheng stared at the girl in front of him. To be honest, he didn't like to be a bad person. This Xi Family Miss was elegant and quiet. Ordinary men would have a feeling of pity and love when they saw her. Luo Zheng was no exception, but now his behavior was completely opposite.
Xi Family Miss' lips were pale. When Luo Zheng's evil spirit and soul pressure slightly reduced, she immediately said, "I, I choose to go with you!"
All the evil spirit was instantly stored in the Slaughter Sword Mountain by Luo Zheng. At the same time, the soul pressure also disappeared without a trace. At this time, Xi Youqin almost involuntarily took a deep breath, and then gasped for breath.
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, many Xi Family Elders, including Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai, felt very distressed, but they were indeed helpless.
Xi Youqin was like a frightened bird, staring at Luo Zheng with a face full of fear. When facing death, Xi Youqin chose to retreat, but at the same time, she hated Luo Zheng to the bone.

Chapter 675
Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression, then she asked, "Tell me your name!"
Although Xi Youqin stayed in her room, she knew a lot about the young geniuses in the Central Domain. Although she didn't participate in the Martial Dao Competition two years ago, before Xi Youqin left, she had helped Xi Youqin analyze all his potential opponents.
The man in front of her had broken through to the Void Tribulation realm at such a young age, Xi Youqin knew he wasn't a nobody.
Just now, when Xi Xinghuai had sent a servant to fetch Xi Youqin, of course, the servant wouldn't tell Xi Youqin who she had met today. Xi Youqin had just met Luo Zheng, and she had immediately caused a ruckus. Xi Xinghuai didn't even have the chance to introduce Luo Zheng to her.
"After I tell you my name, I'll find a chance to take revenge?" Luo Zheng stared at Xi Youqin and asked with a smile on his face.
"That's right!" Xi Youqin didn't try to hide anything. Xi Youqin was only an Early Divine Core warrior, but she had the Extreme Purple Yin Body. When the Extreme Purple Yin Body was cultivated to a very high level, it would be extremely frightening! When the Extreme Purple Yin Body broke through to the Divine Core realm, it would be able to stay in the Extreme Purple Realm for a short period of time, and when it broke through to the Void Tribulation realm, it would be able to stay in the Extreme Purple Realm for a long period of time. Not only were there 99 billion gigantic swords in the Extreme Purple Realm, there were also True Spirits! However, the price of summoning a True Spirit was extremely high.
Si Miaoling had tried to summon a True Spirit during the Martial Dao Competition, and according to Qinglong, once Si Miaoling succeeded, Luo Zheng would definitely die.
Hearing Xi Youqin's threat, Luo Zheng replied with a faint smile on his face, "I hope that day will come. My name is Luo Zheng."
"Luo Zheng?" When Xi Youqin heard this name, her brows furrowed slightly. After a moment, her expression suddenly changed and she looked at Xi Xiaojie. "Xiaojie, he's the Luo Zheng you've been talking about all the time!"
Although Xi Youqin had never left Void Sky City, she had heard of Luo Zheng's name more than a thousand times!
Ever since the Martial Arts Conference, every time Xi Xiaojie returned home from the Void Spirit Sect, he would always talk about Luo Zheng. It seemed that not being able to fight with Luo Zheng in this life was a very regrettable thing.
Later on, there were more and more legends about Luo Zheng. It was said that his talent was even higher than Cui Xie's, and he had even used his own rune technique to arrange an incredible Sect Protecting Array, which had forcibly blocked the insufferably arrogant Cui Xie!
Everyone commented that even Feng Guanyu's attainments in rune technique were far inferior to Luo Zheng's.
Feng Guanyu started his career in the Void Spirit Sect, so his name was the most famous in the Void Sky City and the Void Spirit Sect. This legendary figure had a huge statue erected in the south of the Void Sky City. When Xi Youqin was very young, every time she went to the south of the city, someone would tell her how amazing Feng Guanyu was. The Sect Protecting Array that he had set up was still protecting the Void Spirit Sect even now.
However, Luo Zheng had easily surpassed Feng Guanyu!
When Xi Youqin heard that Luo Zheng's talent was greater than Xi Xiaojie's, she felt that it was incredible. After all, in Xi Youqin's eyes, her younger brother was the most talented person in the Central Domain, a god-level genius! As long as he didn't die, he would definitely be able to enter the Divine Sea Realm! He was completely treated like a treasure in the Void Spirit Sect, but there was actually a young elite in the Central Domain who was even more amazing than her younger brother.
In the end, not only was this person's talent in cultivation powerful, even his attainments in rune technique were rarely seen in the world. No, it should be said that he was unparalleled in the world because no one in the Central Domain had ever displayed rune technique to such a high level. What was even more difficult to accept was that Luo Zheng was merely a youth who hadn't even reached 18 years of age at that time …
Therefore, Xi Youqin, who lived in her boudoir, was filled with curiosity towards this person. She thought that if she had the chance, she would like to meet this Luo Zheng and see what kind of person he was. However, after the trip to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng had directly disappeared.
Even Xi Xiaojie, who had participated in the trip to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, guessed that Luo Zheng had most likely died in the immortal tomb.
Regarding this, Xi Youqin had always felt regretful. After all, Xi Xiaojie had been nagging at her for a long time, but she hadn't been able to meet this person.
Now, Xi Youqin sized up Luo Zheng. Two years ago, Luo Zheng was 18 years old. Now, Luo Zheng looked to be in his early twenties. Their ages were indeed very similar, but wasn't Luo Zheng dead? Why was he standing in front of her, perfectly fine?
Xi Xiaojie blinked and said helplessly, "Sister, he's that Luo Zheng."
At this moment, Xi Youqin understood why Luo Zheng only gave her two choices. Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, had fallen into the hands of Cui Xie. Everyone in the Central Domain knew about this. When Xi Youqin heard about this, she was very touched. This man was willing to sacrifice everything for his sister.
Now, Xi Youqin naturally understood that if she fell into the hands of Cui Xie, her sister would also be implicated!
But even so, this man was too hateful! He actually dared to treat her like this. Xi Youqin was shocked, but her face didn't change much. This was her personality. Xi Youqin still gritted her teeth and said, "Even if you're Luo Zheng, I will still have my revenge one day!"
"I'll be waiting," Luo Zheng replied with a smile on his face.
Xi Xinghuai, who was next to him, breathed a sigh of relief and said, "Since you've made the decision, it's good. In fact, the Cloud Hall Master of your Cloud Hall has also invited Xi Youqin to temporarily stay, but this child is too stubborn and refuses to go to the Cloud Hall. It's already noon now, and the servants have already prepared lunch. After lunch, we can set off."
Void Sky City and Cloud Sea City were connected by a transmission array, so it was very convenient to go to the Cloud Hall.
Luo Zheng nodded and said politely, "Then I'll have to trouble you."
Only then did everyone move and go to eat. Xi Youqin walked towards another exit and said, "I'm not going to eat with this guy! I'll come out after lunch! "
A trace of a bitter smile appeared on Xi Xinghuai's face. He could only smile at Luo Zheng and said, "There's nothing I can do about it. My daughter is like this."
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care. However, he hadn't expected that because of this lunch, there would be a huge change in the situation!
The transmission array of Void Sky City was built in the west, and this was the most prosperous area of Void Sky City. The two transmission arrays were built in the open space by the Celestial Silkworm River to the west of Void Sky City. One of the two transmission arrays was used to teleport to Cloud Sea City, and the other to Tianqi City!
The cost of constructing a teleportation formation was huge. Even though such teleportation formations couldn't be compared to large-scale teleportation formations, they could still traverse a small portion of the central territory. Moreover, these 3 cities were the largest cities in the central territory, and they had the most cultivators as well. So, countless cultivators utilized these teleportation formations to head to Ocean of Clouds City or Heavenly Awakening City every single day.
Even some ordinary merchants would pay a high price to transport some valuable goods. Similarly, they also needed to use these transmission arrays.
The frequency of use of these transmission arrays was extremely high, so the cost of maintenance was even higher.
Today, there was a long line by the Celestial Silkworm River.
During this month, the two transmission arrays had become even busier. Many people had heard that Cui Xie was going to lead the cultivators of the Tian Xie Sect to attack Void Sky City, so they had no choice but to leave and head to either Tianqi City or Cloud Sea City to avoid being caught in the crossfire.
The cost of using the transmission arrays had risen along with it, and it had doubled. Even then, many people were willing to pay a high price. After all, money was just a mere worldly possession when compared to their lives.
All the cultivators were waiting patiently in line. Right at this moment, two cultivators had started to cut in line.
Some of the cultivators had been waiting for around half a day. When they saw those two cultivators cut in line, the other cultivators couldn't stand it any longer, and one of them criticized, "Hey! Hey! Why are you cutting in line!?"
"Yeah! Even if it's an emergency, it should be first come first served, right?"
"That fellow is really lacking in manners!"
The two cultivators turned around when they heard the others criticizing them, and one of them laughed coldly, "I'm cutting in line today. So what? Do you want to fight me? "
His words caused all the cultivators who were criticizing them to shut their mouths. Most of the cultivators in line were Xiantian realm warriors, and only a few of them were Divine Reflection realm warriors. The two cultivators in front of them were Divine Core warriors, and the gap between them was huge. How could these cultivators afford to offend them?
Seeing that the crowd had fallen silent, the two cultivators revealed mocking smiles on their faces. "All of you have such big mouths, why don't you take a look at yourselves?"
The entire line slowly approached the Teleportation Array in silence. White lights rose up into the sky, indicating that someone had entered the dimensional tunnel. Right when the two Divine Core warriors were approaching the Teleportation Array, one of them said in a lazy manner, "Alright, let's do it!"

Chapter 676
There were some guards from the Void Sky City standing next to the Teleportation Formation, but everything happened too quickly. These guards were only at the Divine Reflection realm, so there was no way they could react in time.
Besides, destroying a Teleportation Formation was something that would harm others without benefiting oneself. Under normal circumstances, no one would intentionally destroy a Teleportation Formation. After all, destroying a Teleportation Formation wouldn't bring any benefits to oneself.
When all the warriors saw the two Divine Core warriors throwing the black beads into the Teleportation Formation, they immediately backed off. Then, they saw a purplish black bead appear in the middle of the Teleportation Formation, and tiny lightning bolts were shooting out from the bead.
After that, the lightning bolts suddenly exploded, emitting a blinding light and a powerful Spatial Energy. At the same time, loud explosive sounds could be heard.
"Clap, clap!"
When the ear-piercing explosive sounds were heard, everything within a 30 meter radius from the Teleportation Formation was devoured by the bright light. All the warriors who were lining up and the guards who were guarding the Teleportation Formation were instantly killed by the bright light. They didn't even have the chance to scream before they were turned into ashes.
"Those two men destroyed the Teleportation Formation!"
"That's a Dimensional Thunder Bead! It contains the Law of Lightning and the Law of Space, and it can completely destroy the spatial tunnel! "
"Why did they destroy the Teleportation Formation?"
Some warriors who were standing further away from the Teleportation Formation had already identified the purplish black bead, and they couldn't help but shout out in shock.
It wasn't an easy task to destroy a Teleportation Formation. Once a Teleportation Formation was built, the entire spatial tunnel would be extremely stable. Even if the foundation of the Teleportation Formation was destroyed, the spatial tunnel wouldn't be damaged. All they had to do was rebuild the foundation.
However, the Spatial Quaking Thunder Bead was different. This kind of weapon was originally developed to deal with teleportation arrays. The power of lightning contained in the bead would destroy the foundation of the teleportation array, and the power of space contained in the bead would stir up the space channel in the teleportation channel, rendering the channel useless.
Right after the two Divine Core warriors destroyed the Dimensional Thunder Bead, another Teleportation Formation that led to Heavenly Awakening City was destroyed at the same time. Right now, both the paths leading to Cloud Sea City and Heavenly Awakening City were completely blocked.
"What, what is going on?"
"I think I know what's going on! These people are most likely from the Lascivious Sect! "
"By destroying the portal, the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance won't be able to help. Most likely … Cui Xie is going to make his move …"
Some people quickly guessed the truth of the matter.
In fact, it was not that the Void Sky City did not prepare in advance. The Void Spirit Sect had sent many martial artists to patrol the Void Sky City. The guards of these two teleportation arrays were only ordinary Divine Illumination Realm martial artists, but now, there were several Divine Illumination Realm martial artists!
It could only be said that if the Tian Xie Sect wanted to take action, it was really impossible to guard against it. Even if the Void Spirit Sect sent False Tribulation Realm martial artists to guard it, the Tian Xie Sect would very likely send False Tribulation Realm martial artists to destroy the teleportation array. After all, protecting something was much more difficult than destroying it.
Just now, some people guessed that the Tian Xie Sect was going to make their move, but in fact, the Tian Xie Sect had already made their move.
The entire Void Spirit Sect was built on top of a tall mountain, and it was adjacent to the Void Sky City. Right now, the entire Void Spirit Sect was covered in a light purple barrier, and within the Void Spirit Sect, there were several thousand runes that formed a circular Eight Trigrams symbol.
This Sect Protecting Formation was Feng Guanyu's legacy, and it was called the Thousand Illusionary Formation.
Before the Sect Protecting Formation created by Luo Zheng, the Thousand Illusionary Formation was the strongest Sect Protecting Formation in the Central Domain!
Outside of the Sect Protecting Formation, over ten thousand martial artists were floating in the air. Most of these martial artists were at the Divine Illumination Realm, and a small portion of them were at the Divine Core realm. There were also a few dozen False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
All these martial artists were wearing black robes, and two words were drawn on their chests, "Tian Xie".
These martial artists were the Tian Xie Sect's "Divine Kingdom Army"!
Other people referred to the Tian Xie Sect as the Tian Xie Sect, but the people of the Tian Xie Sect called themselves the Kingdom of Evil Deities.
All the martial artists in the Kingdom of Evil Deities were once independent martial artists.
The world of martial artists was extremely cruel. Compared to those martial artists who grew up in sects, the path of independent martial artists was much more difficult, and they were often bullied by the disciples of sects. Therefore, these independent martial artists more or less hated those big sects!
The reason why Cui Xie was able to successfully build his Divine Kingdom was because he had grasped the thoughts of these independent martial artists. He claimed that he would unite all the independent martial artists and overthrow all the sects in the Central Domain. Once his Divine Kingdom was completed, he would then divide the entire domain!
It was worth mentioning that Cui Xie's plan was perfect. Not only had he grasped the appetite of the independent martial artists, he had also promised them great benefits. Therefore, in just a short period of time, Cui Xie had won over a large number of followers.
When the sects saw that the situation was not right, they finally reacted and began to block the independent martial artists!
But it was too late. Cui Xie's "Kingdom of Evil Deities" expanded at an extremely fast speed and quickly grew into the largest force in the entire Central Domain!
If it was purely based on the sects' ranks, the Kingdom of Evil Deities was already qualified to be a sixth-rank sect. Of course, this "Kingdom of Evil Deities" lacked one or two Divine Sea Realm cultivators.
It was not so easy to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. Now, Cui Xie was also stuck at that bottleneck. Therefore, he was also in a hurry to find the third woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body so that he could break through to the Divine Sea Realm one day. Only then would his Kingdom of Evil Deities be worthy of its name!
This was also one of the reasons why Cui Xie wanted to attack the Void Spirit Sect!
And if he attacked the Void Spirit Sect, his Kingdom of Evil Deities would become even more famous. At that time, the number of independent martial artists seeking refuge with Cui Xie would increase exponentially. Even the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance would not be able to stop them!
"Brothers, this is the number one sect in the world, the Void Spirit Sect! Has anyone been bullied by the Void Spirit Sect in the past? "Cui Xie suddenly shouted as he stood at the front of the Kingdom of Gods' army.
"Yes!"
Tens of thousands of martial artists, the lowest cultivation level was at the Divine Reflection Realm. The aura from this roar could really shake the earth and mountains.
In fact, although the Void Spirit Sect was the number one sect in the world, it was impossible for its power to spread to the entire Central Domain. It was impossible for all of these independent martial artists to have been bullied by the Void Spirit Sect.
However, as independent martial artists, they were more or less suppressed by the martial artists of the sect. For example, when they went to explore a dangerous place, independent martial artists would often travel alone. At most, they would travel in groups of two or three. However, the martial artists of the sect would often travel in groups of dozens. In the end, when they found opportunities and treasures, the independent martial artists would definitely be at a disadvantage!
However, the world of martial artists was like this. Whoever was stronger would get the treasures. It was just the law of the jungle. Thinking about it from another perspective, these independent martial artists would also do the same.
Of course, Cui Xie was stirring up their passion like this, so why would they think about it carefully?
"Very good. Then today is the day the Void Spirit Sect is destroyed!" Cui Xie said coldly.
At this moment, a figure flew out from the Kingdom of Gods' army. It was a fair-skinned scholar. This scholar was a middle stage False Tribulation Realm expert!
The scholar held an ancient folding fan in his hand. When the fan was opened, the word "Xuan" was written on it.
This person was the military advisor of the Kingdom of Gods' army, Xuan Chen. This person was once an independent martial artist and had some fame in the southern part of the Central Domain. However, because he had offended the people of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, his entire family had been killed by the Mysterious Yin Mansion.
Xuan Chen had been living in seclusion all these years. When he heard that Cui Xie had established a Kingdom of Gods, he realized that his opportunity had come.
In Xuan Chen's opinion, whether Cui Xie could really establish a Kingdom of Gods was not important. What was important was that he could borrow Cui Xie's strength to destroy the Mysterious Yin Mansion. Therefore, he and Cui Xie could be said to be using each other.
"I just received news that the young lady of the Xi family is not in the Void Spirit Sect, but in Void Sky City," Xuan Chen said indifferently.
"Oh?" Cui Xie's eyes flashed. "It seems that Taoist Priest Qing Xu really doesn't take me seriously. Haha, so I really should go to Void Sky City!"
"The two transmission arrays in Void Sky City have been destroyed, but I'm afraid that the Xi family would rather die than live in dishonor …" Xuan Chen said.
Cui Xie frowned, and a cautious look appeared on his face. This was indeed a possibility. How could the Xi family be willing to hand over the woman with the Extreme Violet Yin Body to him?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 677
Seeing Cui Xie's expression, Xuan Chen immediately said, "In addition to Miss Xi, there is another piece of news that you should be interested in."
"What news?" Cui Xie asked.
"Luo Zheng is back," Xuan Chen immediately said.
"Luo Zheng! Hmph, he really is back! "When Cui Xie heard this name, a murderous look flashed across his face!
There were rumors in the Central Domain that Luo Zheng was dead, but only Cui Xie didn't believe it.
Luo Zheng's performance in the Wheel of Providence was very clear. Cui Xie didn't believe that Luo Zheng would die! Unless Luo Zheng was personally killed by Cui Xie, he wouldn't believe that Luo Zheng was really dead.
"What do you plan to do now?" Xuan Chen carefully asked when he saw the murderous look on Cui Xie's face.
"Stop attacking the Void Spirit Sect and station everyone 100 miles away. Wait for Wu Zhanhe's troops to gather before attacking! Wait for me to arrive before attacking! "Cui Xie instructed.
Poison King Wu Zhanhe had also joined Cui Xie's Kingdom of Evil Deities. Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie were originally not on the same side. It could even be said that there were conflicts between him and Cui Xie!
However, in the face of benefits, Wu Zhanhe still stood on Cui Xie's side. Under Cui Xie's invitation, Wu Zhanhe chose to cooperate with Cui Xie in the grand scheme of the Kingdom of Gods.
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe was rushing over with another group of independent warriors.
Cui Xie did not dare to be the slightest bit careless. The Void Spirit Sect was not called the number one sect in the Central Domain for nothing. Although Feng Guanyu's Sect Protecting Formation could not compare to the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Formation, this "Thousand Illusion Maze Array" would still cause considerable trouble for the God Nation's army.
Moreover, the Void Spirit Sect also had Taoist Priest Qing Xu, whose strength even Cui Xie did not dare to underestimate. In addition, the strength of the Void Spirit Sect's Seven Sons was comparable to a Life and Death Realm expert.
To Cui Xie, the Void Spirit Sect was a hard bone to chew, but once he did, then the Kingdom of Evil Deities would benefit greatly!
Cui Xie asked Xuan Chen to pass down the order to postpone the attack on the Void Spirit Sect. Then he sneered, "That brat is so lucky. Let's see how he can escape this time!" After saying that, Cui Xie turned into a stream of light and went straight to the Void Sky City.
Within the Void Spirit Sect, Taoist Priest Qing Xu was standing in the middle of a huge Eight Trigrams, staring at the sky with a complicated expression.
The Seven Sons of Void Spirit Sect had formed a unique formation according to the Seven Stars Formation. With solemn expressions, they were also staring at the countless warriors in the sky.
Most of these warriors were at the Divine Reflection Realm, and they posed no threat to the Void Spirit Sect. In front of the Thousand Illusionary Formation, no matter how many warriors below the Divine Core realm came here, they would all die. However, there were many Divine Core warriors among them, and the number of Void Tribulation warriors was a few times more than the Void Spirit Sect!
It was hard to determine the outcome of a battle.
One month ago, Taoist Priest Qing Xu had a premonition that Cui Xie would attack the Void Spirit Sect. In fact, many people had guessed it, but Taoist Priest Qing Xu didn't expect Cui Xie to come so soon. Facing the strongest sect in the Central Domain, Cui Xie had attacked without hesitation. His ambition and courage made Taoist Priest Qing Xu feel ashamed of his inferiority!
Right when all the Sect Elders and disciples of the Void Spirit Sect were preparing for the battle, Cui Xie had turned into a beam of light and left!
At the same time, all the warriors of the Tian Xie Sect had started retreating in an orderly manner!
"Sect Chief, Cui Xie is flying towards the Void Sky City." One of the Seven Sons of Void Spirit Sect reminded.
Taoist Priest Qing Xu's expression changed. "Cui Xie, he must be heading towards the Xi family! Sigh, that child is so willful, and being spoiled like this is actually harming her … "Taoist Priest Qing Xu really wanted to rush out and stop Cui Xie. Although his overall strength was weaker than Cui Xie's, he wasn't much weaker than Cui Xie in the Void Sky City.
But now, he had to stay in the Void Spirit Sect and take charge of the situation!
Although the Xi family was important to Taoist Priest Qing Xu, the Void Spirit Sect was even more important. The entire Xi family, or even the entire Void Sky City, was built under the protection of the Void Spirit Sect. Taoist Priest Qing Xu could still distinguish which was more important.
"They are retreating. Should we rush out?" One of the Seven Sons of Void Spirit Sect asked.
Now that Cui Xie had just left, it was a chance for the Void Spirit Sect to counterattack and achieve an unexpected effect. However, Taoist Priest Qing Xu still shook his head. Who knew if this was a trap or not?
"No, we will defend to the death." Taoist Priest Qing Xu said in a deep voice, and his eyes were filled with determination. From the moment he became the Sect Chief of the Void Spirit Sect, his life had been firmly tied to the entire sect!
A beam of light flew towards the Void Sky City. When the beam of light approached the Void Sky City, it was immediately blocked by an invisible force. This force was the no-fly restriction in the Void Sky City.
This kind of restriction was very popular a thousand years ago, but due to the opposition of many cultivators, many cities removed the no-fly restriction one after another. Only the Void Sky City maintained the old rule and still kept the no-fly restriction.
"Hmph." Facing this no-fly restriction, Cui Xie snorted coldly and broke the restriction with a casual punch. He came to the sky above the Void Sky City, glanced around, and went straight to the Xi Family Castle.
The lunch in the Xi Family Castle lasted for half an hour. Xi Xinghuai, the patriarch of the Xi Family, still attached great importance to Luo Zheng. Although he said it was a simple meal, in fact, every dish was very particular. Of course, it took a long time.
During the meal, Xi Xiaojie was still thinking about it. He said to Luo Zheng across the table, "Brother Luo Zheng, if there is a chance, I will go to the Cloud Hall to challenge you. You must accept the challenge!"
This Xi Xiaojie was so persistent that Luo Zheng showed a helpless smile on his face. In the end, he still agreed.
Xi Xinghuai next to him also smiled. He also knew his adopted son's temper. Xi Xiaojie was not afraid of losing. Even if he lost, he would lose with peace of mind.
Just as Xi Xiaojie was about to say something, his face suddenly changed. He reached out and took out a token from his spatial ring. The color of the token turned blood red!
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Even Xi Xinghuai's face became very ugly when he saw the blood-red token.
The Void Spirit Sect's token had a total of three colors. Usually, the token was emerald green. If the Void Spirit Sect entered a state of alert, it would turn yellow. Once a battle started or was about to start, it would turn red. During this period of time, the Void Spirit Sect's token had remained yellow. Now that it suddenly turned red, how could Xi Xiaojie not be anxious?
"Oh no, the Void Spirit Sect is under attack! I have to go! " After Xi Xiaojie entered the False Tribulation Realm, he was also the top battle force of the Void Spirit Sect. At this time, how could he still stay here?
Hearing that the Void Spirit Sect was under attack, Luo Zheng's face suddenly sank. He immediately got up and cupped his hands towards Xi Xinghuai, saying, "I'll take your Miss out of Void Sky City!"
If he didn't eat this lunch, Luo Zheng would have already taken Xi Youqin out of Void Sky City. Now, it was precisely because of this lunch that they were delayed. He didn't expect that there would be a change in the situation. This was indeed something that Luo Zheng never expected.
Xi Xinghuai also knew that this matter was of great importance. He nodded with a dignified expression. "I'll take you to find Xi Youqin!"
Xi Xiaojie rushed to the Void Spirit Sect, while Luo Zheng went straight to Xi Youqin's residence under Xi Xinghuai's lead.
Xi Youqin was alone in her small courtyard. Because she was about to leave the Xi Family Castle, she wasn't even in the mood to eat. Looking at the table full of light and exquisite food, Xi Youqin's eyes drifted, and no one knew what she was thinking.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng almost directly smashed into Xi Youqin's small courtyard, smashing the door and breaking the screen!
These two screens were both made of Spirit Bone Jade. Not to mention that they were expensive, the key was that Xi Youqin liked them very much. She spent a lot of effort to get them two years ago. She didn't expect that they would be directly smashed by Luo Zheng!
"You, you compensate me for my screens!" Xi Youqin furrowed her brows and said angrily.
This guy was really abominable. He didn't put her in his eyes at all.
"Youqin, you still care about this pair of screens at a time like this!" Xi Xinghuai didn't know how to educate his daughter, not to mention now was not the time to educate her.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk to her. He grabbed Xi Youqin and spat out a word, "Let's go!"

Chapter 678
Luo Zheng soared into the sky and smashed the beam. As soon as the beam of the house broke, the whole house began to collapse. Everything in the small garden was smashed to the ground.
"My, my Yu Hua Yuan …" Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin wanted to cry but had no tears.
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. This rich young lady didn't seem to understand her situation, but he really didn't have the mood, nor did he have the time to sit down with her and analyze the situation and the danger she was in. If this matter wasn't related to Luo Yan, why would he care about this idiot woman's death?
Dragging Xi Youqin along the way, Luo Zheng rushed in the direction of the transmission array. Although the Void Sky City was huge, with Luo Zheng's current flying speed, it wouldn't take long!
However, at this time, a powerful aura suddenly descended from the sky. After Luo Zheng felt the aura, his face suddenly changed.
"Cui Xie!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
When Xi Youqin saw Cui Xie, her face suddenly turned pale. Just a moment ago, Xi Youqin didn't understand what was going on. Now, she finally understood. She didn't expect that the thing that the Xi Family's elders had been worried about all these years would actually happen!
"Luo Zheng!" Cui Xie roared at Luo Zheng from the sky, "Your actions are quite fast! However, if you didn't come to the Xi Family, your life might have been longer. Now, you are really courting death, haha! Today, I will kill you! "
In the past, Luo Zheng really made Cui Xie feel aggrieved. However, Luo Zheng had been hiding outside the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array. Cui Xie couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
However, that was then and this is now. Now, there was no Sect Protecting Array to protect Luo Zheng!
Cui Xie was well aware of how terrifying Luo Zheng's luck was. He wouldn't feel at ease unless he personally got rid of such a person!
What was more, in two years, Luo Zheng had reached the False Tribulation Realm. Although he was only at the early stage, Cui Xie was still afraid of his speed of progress. If Luo Zheng could live for another three or five years, wouldn't he be able to break through to the Spirit Sea Realm? At that time, killing him would be as easy as an eagle catching a chick!
Cui Xie's grand plan was to establish the Divine Kingdom. How could he allow such a great threat to remain in this world?
Therefore, today, Cui Xie's killing intent was the strongest, and it was to kill Luo Zheng. Even a major event like attacking the Void Spirit Sect had been postponed. It could be imagined how much importance Cui Xie attached to Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng wasn't willing to listen to Cui Xie's nonsense. He grabbed Xi Youqin and quickly rushed towards the Heavenly Silkworm River of the Void Sky City. Cui Xie followed closely behind Luo Zheng. They were only a few li apart.
"I hope I can make it in time!" Luo Zheng frowned.
Xi Youqin was tightly dragged behind by Luo Zheng. She could only hear the wind blowing past her ears. Her mind was also in a mess. Just as Luo Zheng arrived at the Heavenly Silkworm River, he saw two columns of black smoke rising into the sky not far away. His heart immediately sank.
Even though he didn't see the Transmission Array, Luo Zheng had already guessed what had happened. When he flew past the two Transmission Arrays, Luo Zheng just lowered his head slightly and saw that the Transmission Arrays were already black and burnt. He didn't slow down at all and continued to fly forward!
"Want to escape through the Transmission Arrays? Wishful thinking! " In order to prevent the support of the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, cutting off the two Transmission Arrays was the most important thing in attacking the Void Spirit Sect. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng was trapped now!
At this time, Cui Xie didn't use his speed. Luo Zheng was already the prey in his hands. The process of chasing him was also a kind of enjoyment for Cui Xie!
Luo Zheng had no way to solve the current situation. Even if Luo Zheng had great luck, Cui Xie didn't believe that anyone could save Luo Zheng's life, unless Taoist Priest Qing Xu came personally! Taoist Priest Qing Xu didn't dare to walk out of the Void Spirit Sect. As the sect master, how could he dare to leave the sect at this time?
How could Luo Zheng not know what Cui Xie knew?
If he were to fully erupt with his astral essence, then with Luo Zheng's current cultivation and strength, he was confident he could escape from Cui Xie. But right now, he was dragging a burden down, and this burden couldn't be easily shaken off!
With a gloomy expression, he suddenly pulled Xi Youqin's hand over!
"Ah!" Xi Youqin screamed. Luo Zheng directly pulled Xi Youqin into his arms.
A man's breath rushed over. Even in this situation, Xi Youqin still blushed. She immediately said angrily, "What are you doing!"
Luo Zheng ignored Xi Youqin. He immediately reached out and grabbed Xi Youqin's waist, carrying her on his back. The Vital Essence in his body instantly erupted. The innate talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion was mixed with the Vital Essence. In an instant, Luo Zheng's speed doubled!
Cui Xie originally maintained a steady speed, following behind Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's speed was fast enough, it was nothing to Cui Xie. What's more, this guy was dragging a burden?
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng suddenly turned into a thin line and shot forward. His speed increased by several levels. Even Cui Xie was a little stunned by his speed.
"Damn it!" Realizing that he had once again underestimated Luo Zheng, Cui Xie angrily cursed. The Vital Essence in his body flickered, and he began to increase his speed while following Luo Zheng!
At that moment, Luo Zheng's speed was indeed unparalleled. Even Cui Xie was somewhat inferior. However, the eruption of Vital Essence was very short. It was far from lasting as long as Vital Essence. Therefore, it could only be used for a short period of time.
Now, Luo Zheng had used the eruption of Vital Essence to increase the distance between him and Cui Xie. However, the situation was still not optimistic. Cui Xie was still firmly locked onto him. The Central Domain was not small. Whether it was going to Tianqi City or the Cloud Hall, there was still a considerable distance to travel.
Once Luo Zheng's Vital Essence was exhausted, it was only a matter of time before Cui Xie caught up to him.
Xi Youqin was lying on Luo Zheng's shoulder. The whistling wind made her unable to hear anything. Their speed was too fast. They had left Virtual Sky City in almost an instant.
She had never left Virtual Sky City since she was a child. She had never traveled outside. She did not expect that the first time she left Virtual Sky City would be in such a situation.
After Luo Zheng's first wave of Vital Essence was exhausted, Cui Xie's flying speed also slowly increased. The distance between the two quickly narrowed.
"Cui Xie is catching up!" Xi Youqin, who was lying on Luo Zheng's shoulder, reminded him.
"Shut up, I don't need you to remind me." How could Luo Zheng not know that Cui Xie was rapidly approaching? Purely relying on Vital Essence to fly, Luo Zheng's speed was still not as fast as Cui Xie's.
"Luo Zheng, I advise you to surrender. Today, you can't escape no matter what. Don't waste time!" Cui Xie said coldly.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest. Instead, he instilled Vital Essence into his voice and replied to Cui Xie, "Since I'm going to die whether I escape or not, I have to try. In any case, you are the Sect Master. Don't talk nonsense!"
"I am the Monarch of the Heavenly Evil Deities Kingdom, not the Sect Master you speak of." The outside world believed that the Tian Xie Sect was a Sect Master. However, no one dared to mention the Tian Xie Sect in front of Cui Xie. Generally, they said the Heavenly Evil Deities Kingdom!
"Hmph, self-proclaimed Monarch of the Divine Nation. You are so shameless," Luo Zheng sneered.
"You are about to die, yet you still want to provoke me? You will only die more miserably! " Cui Xie suddenly increased his speed. The fist in his hand was already flickering. A great power was brewing in Cui Xie's body. As long as there was an opportunity, Cui Xie would make his move.
Feeling this power, Xi Youqin's face was drained of blood. Her face was filled with grief. Today, she was afraid that she would really die here, die on this man's shoulder …
However, to Xi Youqin's surprise, specks of red light suddenly drilled out from Luo Zheng's side. It was Luo Zheng's sword spirit.
After Xun's body completely condensed, she was very close to Xi Youqin. The two women looked at each other. Xun revealed a mocking expression towards Xi Youqin. Then, she took a mid-grade Sage Ranked Spear from Luo Zheng and turned around to charge towards Cui Xie!
"This is Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit." Xi Youqin had heard that Luo Zheng had a very special Sword Spirit. However, a Sword Spirit was a Sword Spirit. Why did it have an expression? Moreover, that Sword Spirit seemed to be mocking her?
Xi Youqin felt that she was hallucinating.

Chapter 679
Xun's figure flashed, and the long spear in her hand shot towards Cui Xie in the opposite direction, thrusting her spear forward!
"A middle-grade sacred tool!"
Cui Xie's eyes flashed. There were only a few low-grade sacred tools in the Central Domain. Seeing Luo Zheng's sword spirit holding a middle-grade sacred tool, how could Cui Xie not be envious?
But at the same time, Cui Xie's eyes flashed with a trace of doubt. Wasn't Luo Zheng's sword spirit using a huge sword? How come it was now a long spear?
Luo Zheng's luck was really heaven-defying. After not seeing him for two years, not only had his cultivation broken through to the False Tribulation Realm, but he had also obtained a middle-grade sacred tool.
"Not bad, but unfortunately, this middle-grade sacred tool is still mine. All your luck and all your secrets will belong to me!" In Cui Xie's eyes, there was no doubt that Luo Zheng was hiding a huge secret. As long as he obtained this secret, not only would he be able to become an emperor in the future, but he would also be able to seek greater hegemony. Cui Xie's vision was not limited to the Central Domain. There were also the four Divine Kingdoms on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. The world was so vast, and Cui Xie had been unhindered for thousands of years. In the end, he would stand at the highest point of the world.
And Luo Zheng in front of him was the most crucial step!
Facing Xun's spear, Cui Xie did not hesitate at all. He shot out an earth-yellow fist aura.
"Humph, break for me!"
However, there was no trace of fear on Xun's face. Her long spear trembled, and a formless wave of energy flew out. An astonishing power erupted from the wave of energy, and instantly shattered Cui Xie's fist light.
Seeing this scene, Cui Xie's face revealed a look of shock!
How could Luo Zheng's sword spirit be so powerful?
Although Cui Xie did not use his full strength in this punch, Luo Zheng's sword spirit was able to block his fist aura? How could Cui Xie not be shocked?
Xun looked at Cui Xie with an indifferent expression and sneered, "Are you surprised?"
"You can talk?" Cui Xie's surprised expression became even more obvious. How could a sword spirit talk? Cui Xie had witnessed Luo Zheng's sword spirit before. Although the sword spirit's sword dance was exquisite, it was nothing to Cui Xie's eyes.
How could Cui Xie not be surprised by the Sword Spirit's exquisite spear technique?
However, the surprise on Cui Xie's face quickly dissipated. His expression became incomparably serious. Cui Xie realized that Luo Zheng was not as easy to deal with as he had imagined. He could not treat Luo Zheng as a cultivator who had just entered the Virtual Tribulation Realm! Luo Zheng was just a Divine Reflection warrior, but he was still able to defeat Early Divine Core warriors, and even a Mid Divine Core warrior was no match for him!
"You've really surprised me!" Cui Xie said with a serious expression. An extremely confident and domineering expression emerged on his face, "As the strongest man in the Central Domain, it has been a long time since I've felt this way! But too bad, Luo Zheng, you've come back too early. If you were two or three years later, I might really be no match for you! Haha! "
The domineering aura spread out, as if countless invisible rocks were falling down from the sky, and then falling down from the sky.
Many warriors in the Void Sky City felt their hearts tremble. Fear emerged in their eyes as they raised their heads and stared at the sky.
As for the thousands of mortals in the Void Sky City, they felt as if their heads had been hit by a heavy blow. Their vision turned black, and they couldn't get up from the ground. They only opened their eyes a few hours later, and their faces were filled with absent-minded expressions. They had no idea what had just happened.
For Luo Zheng, Cui Xie's words were just nonsense. Of course, he knew that his best choice was to return to the Central Domain after he had cultivated to the peak of Combat Sovereign realm. If he returned to the Evil Tower, he wouldn't be in such a difficult situation when facing Cui Xie. He might even be able to kill Cui Xie!
But, time waits for no man. If Luo Zheng hadn't returned in time, Cui Xie would have captured the young lady of the Xi family. By the time Cui Xie finished setting up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, it would have been too late!
What's more, at that time, Cui Xie would most likely have broken through the Life and Death Realm and become a powerhouse of the deep sea. Luo Zheng might not necessarily be Cui Xie's opponent.
"A mere Life and Death Realm warrior dares to claim to be the strongest person in the Central Domain? What a joke!" While sneering, Xun suddenly revealed a supreme aura. Her aura wasn't deliberate, but was naturally formed by someone who had been in a high position for a long time.
Although Xun's aura wasn't as majestic as Cui Xie's aura, at this moment, Cui Xie unconsciously felt that he was inferior to her!
"You're just a Sword Spirit. How dare you be so rampant in front of me!"
Cui Xie sent out another punch. Xun sneered and also sent out a spear!
Cui Xie was now a fourth layer Life and Death Realm warrior. A year ago, he had passed the fourth tribulation of the Life and Death Realm, and his strength had increased slightly.
According to the division of realms on the Sea God Continent, Cui Xie was now a fourth step Battle-Saint. However, Cui Xie's strength was extremely strong, and he couldn't be regarded as an ordinary Battle-Saint. He was naturally much stronger than Meng Chong, who Luo Zheng encountered in the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
Cui Xie sent out this punch with all his strength. That earthy yellow fist light was sent out, and the rich power of the law of earth contained within it made people feel that this fist light was incomparably heavy, as if it was real.
Seeing this, Xun turned into specks of red light and dissipated. Together with the spear, she shot back towards Luo Zheng.
Xun's purpose was only to slightly obstruct Cui Xie. After returning to Luo Zheng's side, the specks of red light once again condensed and formed her tall body. The spear was naturally held in her arms.
Luo Zheng was already running, but his path was very strange. Originally, he was running towards the outside of the city, but at this moment, he deviated to the other side and began to circle around the periphery of the Void Sky City!
Xun hugged the spear, and her sharp eyes unscrupulously fell on Xi Youqin's face. There was still a faint mocking expression on her face.
She had been unhappy with this woman for a long time. She was a delicate young lady from a wealthy family, but she had no sense of propriety and was opinionated. With Xun's personality, she would have killed this woman the moment she saw her. Why would she become a burden to Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng's strength might be inferior to Cui Xie's, but if Luo Zheng went all out, it wouldn't be difficult for him to escape from Cui Xie. However, he had to carry this burden and escape.
However, Xun understood Luo Zheng's personality. He wouldn't kill the innocent, and he was soft-hearted towards women. Therefore, she couldn't kill this woman, so as to avoid angering Luo Zheng.
"You, why are you looking at me like that?" Being stared at by Xun like that, Xi Youqin suddenly felt a burst of panic.
Xun sneered coldly and said, "Aren't you not afraid of death? Why are you still holding on to Luo Zheng so tightly? "
Although Xi Youqin was very reluctant to be held by Luo Zheng, she still held on to Luo Zheng's shoulders tightly while flying at high speed.
"I …" Xi Youqin's expression darkened. She didn't know how to respond to Xun's words. However, she suddenly thought of something and her stubborn temperament suddenly came up. Then, Xi Youqin said coldly, "Luo Zheng, let go of me."
"Let go of you?" Xun blinked her eyes. "If I let go of you, Cui Xie will catch you and set up the Great Formation of Heavenly Demon Joyous Union? You are indeed not important, but Luo Yan is a hundred times more important than you! "
From Luo Zheng's point of view, this was indeed the case. Xi Youqin's life or death was not important to Luo Zheng. The reason why he wanted to take Xi Youqin away was for his sister.
"Then, then just kill me …" Xi Youqin finally understood that there was no other way in front of her. There was no other way for her to choose, except for death!
"Xun, forget it," Luo Zheng said lightly.
How could he not know Xun's purpose? It was nothing more than to squeeze Xi Youqin and use Xi Youqin's temper to make him give up on her, or even kill her. However, Luo Zheng would not choose to do so.
Although the world of martial artists was cruel, Luo Zheng could choose to do something or not do anything. Xun's choice was indeed the safest and most convenient, but Luo Zheng did not want to easily lose something!
While carrying Xi Youqin and circling around Virtual Sky City, the distance between Cui Xie and Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer. However, just as Luo Zheng flew over a palace-like building in Virtual Sky City, he suddenly stopped and faced Cui Xie with a strange smile on his face!
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly stop, Cui Xie's expression changed and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face. It was impossible for this kid to be captured without putting up a fight. His actions must be a trap!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 680
Previously, Luo Zheng had run towards the outside of the city. Cui Xie also had other plans. After Luo Zheng left the city, he would use the True Essence Talisman to send a message to Poison King Wu Zhanhe so that Wu Zhanhe could surround Luo Zheng.
However, he didn't expect that not only did Luo Zheng not escape from the city, but he was also circling around in the sky above the Void Sky City. How could Cui Xie not be on guard against this strange behavior?
"What are you worried about?" Luo Zheng asked with a faint smile across the distance of several hundred feet.
Cui Xie's expression sank, and he looked around even more vigilantly. Looking around, Cui Xie didn't find anything wrong. However, looking at Luo Zheng's smile, Cui Xie became even more suspicious!
The two of them faced each other from several hundred feet away.
"In that case, I'm leaving!" Luo Zheng smiled and turned around to leave.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to leave, Cui Xie suddenly became angry. Who knew that Luo Zheng would use the empty city tactic?
Cui Xie had no choice. He circulated his True Essence and suddenly accelerated, shooting towards Luo Zheng!
"Attack!"
Seeing that Cui Xie had arrived above the palace, Luo Zheng shouted.
The palace below Cui Xie suddenly bloomed with rays of light. These rays of light connected from dots to lines, and the streets within a radius of hundreds of mu bloomed with red light. It was as if a sun had fallen to the ground. The streets were directly connected to each other and evolved into a huge rune!
At the same time, the power of the Law of Space suddenly fluctuated in the palace. After several blazing white rays of light flashed, Xi Xiaojie, Xi Xinghuai, and the Seven Void Spirit Masters appeared!
"Xiu Xiu Xiu Xiu …"
From the huge rune formed by the streets, small dragons of light emerged. These small dragons rushed into the sky and wrapped around Cui Xie at lightning speed. Some of the small dragons wrapped around Cui Xie's limbs, while others wrapped around his body. In the blink of an eye, these small dragons tightly trapped Cui Xie!
"I've long heard that in addition to the Thousand Illusion Maze Formation, Feng Guanyu also had a peerless masterpiece hidden in the Void Spirit Sect. Today, I've seen this Dragon-trapped Rope. It's really extraordinary!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng had not seen the power of the "Thousand Illusion Maze Formation" of the Void Spirit Sect, but the power released by this Dragon-trapped Rope still made Luo Zheng sincerely admire it!
After all, the Central Domain was not the Upper World. Unlike Luo Zheng, Feng Guanyu could not obtain the inheritance of the Divine Rune Technique. Therefore, Feng Guanyu had no predecessors to learn from and could only rely on himself to explore and create. But even so, Feng Guanyu could exert the rune technique to this extent. Luo Zheng could feel that the power of this Dragon-trapped Rope was not inferior to some three-star Divine Runes.
Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai suddenly broke through the void and came to Luo Zheng.
The Seven Void Spirit Masters also slowly flew into the sky. They had maintained vigilance, holding long swords and facing Cui Xie.
In addition to Xi Xiaojie and the Seven Void Spirit Masters, there were also two Void Spirit Sect disciples escorting a servant girl in green clothes.
Xi Youqin suddenly broke free from Luo Zheng's body, retreated a few steps, and fiercely glared at Luo Zheng before flying towards the two Void Spirit Sect disciples. "What are you doing? Why are you capturing Li Hua! Let her go! "
Xi Xiaojie's face revealed a bitter expression, and he said to Xi Youqin, "Sister, this servant girl of yours is someone that Cui Xie and the others placed by your side …"
"Impossible! Li Hua has been with me since young, and we are very close. We are inseparable. How can she be one of Cui Xie's people! "Xi Youqin's face was full of disbelief.
Hearing Xi Youqin's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh, and his face was full of a bitter smile. Xun rolled her eyes and said in a low voice, "It's best to kill this kind of idiot. Living in this world is a waste of food!"
Li Hua had indeed grown up with Xi Youqin, and they were like sisters, but although she was a servant girl, she was also a Xiantian life form. If Cui Xie wanted her to betray Xi Youqin, it would be too easy. In fact, this kind of thing didn't need Cui Xie's help, but was arranged by Xuan Chen.
"Sister, don't make trouble!" At this time, even Xi Xiaojie couldn't bear it and said coldly to Xi Youqin.
"But Li Hua, she …" Xi Youqin still seemed unwilling.
"Xiu!"
An invisible spear light suddenly shot out. Even the Void Spirit Seven and Xi Xinghuai were very afraid of this spear light, and this spear light was shot towards Xi Youqin!
This spear light almost brushed past Xi Youqin's cheek, and immediately cut off a strand of hair near her ear. At the same time, it left a thin scar on her face, and a little bit of blood seeped out.
"If you speak any more nonsense, I will kill you," Xun said in a deep voice, and her eyes revealed a faint killing intent.
When such killing intent was released, it was as if Xun was really a terrifying True God who controlled slaughter. At this time, Xi Youqin immediately shut her mouth.
Xi Xinghuai saw that his daughter's face had been cut, and although he felt distressed, he couldn't say anything.
"Hahahaha, so you had already planned this! Good, good! The number one sect in the world shouldn't be so weak. Interesting, interesting … Hahaha! "Cui Xie, who was firmly bound by the Dragon-trapping Rope, suddenly began to laugh wildly.
Since Cui Xie led tens of thousands of Godly Nations troops to surround the Void Spirit Sect, Daoist Qing Xu had been guarding the sect with his life, appearing extremely weak.
In fact, Cui Xie's movements and goals had long been known by the Void Spirit Sect, so they chose to beat him at his own game!
If it was to protect Xi Youqin, the Void Spirit Sect would definitely not leave her in the Xi Family Castle. At least, they would let Xi Youqin enter the Void Spirit Sect to temporarily hide. Therefore, Xi Youqin was just a bait, and the goal was to lure Cui Xie!
Originally, Daoist Qing Xu planned to let Xi Xiaojie escape with Xi Youqin and lure Cui Xie to the Dragon-trapping Rope. However, Xi Xiaojie had just entered the Void Tribulation Realm. Although he was proficient in the Law of Space, he might not be able to successfully complete the mission.
Coincidentally, Luo Zheng appeared at this time!
However, when Luo Zheng had just entered the Xi Family Castle, he did not know about the Void Spirit Sect's scheme. When Xi Xinghuai and the others put on a show and finally forced Xi Youqin to leave with Luo Zheng, Li Hua, as Xi Youqin's personal maid, naturally knew about this news!
When everyone was eating lunch, although they were laughing on the surface, they were secretly communicating with each other using true essence sound transmissions. Although Xi Youqin and Li Hua did not eat together, it was very likely that Li Hua was not the only spy in the Xi Family, so everyone was still very careful!
After Li Hua secretly burned the sound transmission talisman, Luo Zheng had already agreed to this matter. Therefore, he directly rushed into Xi Youqin's small courtyard and took Xi Youqin away in a "hurry". At this time, Cui Xie had already received the news and rushed over from outside the Void Sky City.
From the beginning to the end, only Xi Youqin was kept in the dark in the Xi Family.
No matter how stupid Xi Youqin was, at this time, she completely understood that from the beginning to the end, she was just bait …
She thought that she was highly valued in the Xi Family and was doted on by everyone. Whether it was her grandfather, father, or the other elders of the Xi Family, they all held her in their hands. She did not expect that in the end, she would actually play such a role.
"Is this how you treat me …" Xi Youqin's eyes blurred and her expression was miserable. However, everyone's attention was now focused on Cui Xie, so who would pay attention to Xi Youqin?
"Cui Xie, you're about to die and you're still so arrogant. My Void Spirit Sect is known as the number one sect in the world, do you really think it's just an exaggerated title?" The leader of the Void Spirit Seven pointed his sword at Cui Xie and shouted in a stern voice.
There was no trace of fear in Cui Xie's eyes, and they were still full of ridicule. "Indeed, you're a little smarter than I thought, but unfortunately, it's still far from enough!"
When Cui Xie's voice fell, a black mist suddenly erupted from between his eyebrows. The black mist instantly wrapped around him and the Dragon-trapping Rope, and the mist seemed to be constantly corroding the Dragon-trapping Rope!
"Isn't this Dragon-trapping Rope able to seal off vital essence? Why can Cui Xie still operate vital essence? "
"That's not vital essence, it should be some kind of secret method that doesn't need vital essence!"
"We can't let him destroy the Dragon-trapping Rope, kill, kill him quickly!"
The Void Spirit Sect had been planning for a long time, and their purpose was to rely on Feng Guanyu's Dragon-trapping Rope to kill Cui Xie. Although this move was extremely risky, once Cui Xie was killed, the Void Spirit Sect could be considered to have made a supreme contribution! On that day, the Kingdom of Evil Deities would inevitably collapse!
It was because of this reason that Luo Zheng agreed to cooperate with the Void Spirit Sect. After all, Luo Zheng's goal was the same as the Void Spirit Sect's.
This Dragon-trapping Rope was extremely powerful. It was said that if a Life and Death Realm martial artist was trapped inside, even a Life and Death Realm martial artist wouldn't be able to escape. However, Cui Xie was still able to use this secret method!
This scene caused everyone's expressions to change greatly. The Seven Voidspirit Masters' expressions were grave as they raised their swords one after another. Six of them retreated while one of them charged forward. This was the Seven Voidspirit Masters' most powerful formation.

Chapter 681
For the Void Spirit Sect, this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
How could the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect dare to be negligent at this time?
Although the Dragon-trapping Rope was a trump card of the Void Spirit Sect, Cui Xie was the strongest person in the Central Domain. Who knew what would happen if they delayed? Moreover, the black fog was indeed corroding the Dragon-trapping Rope. If Cui Xie really broke the Dragon-trapping Rope, the Void Spirit Sect's previous scheme would be in vain. How could they miss such a heaven-sent opportunity?
The overall strength of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect had improved a lot, and the leader had reached the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
Moreover, the "Seven Voids Into One" they set up could combine the strength of seven people. This sword strike was bound to take Cui Xie's life!
"Whoosh!"
The sword light in the hand of the leader of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect soared, and it directly disappeared into the black fog!
Everyone stared at the black fog nervously. Cui Xie was locked by the Dragon-trapping Rope, and at this moment, he couldn't even operate his Genuine Essence. If this sword strike hit him, he would definitely not be able to block it!
Luo Zheng stared at the black fog, and a bad premonition suddenly rose in his heart. From the day Luo Zheng stepped into the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had blocked Cui Xie as his opponent and the biggest obstacle in his martial arts. Luo Zheng didn't believe that this obstacle could be eliminated so easily.
However, compared with Luo Zheng, the others seemed to be very confident. For example, Xi Xinghuai, the head of the Xi Family, could help the Void Spirit Sect eliminate Cui Xie, and his Xi Family would definitely be famous in the world!
"Ding … Ding ding ding!"
However, just after the joint attack of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect, everyone suddenly heard the sound of metal breaking, and then they saw several beams of light flying out of the black fog!
"Puff puff puff puff!"
The beams of light contained great power, and they instantly hit the chests of four of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect. The beams of light didn't stop at all and directly penetrated the four of them. Blood burst out in front of their chests and behind their backs, leaving a horrible hole in their chests. Then the four of them fell from the sky!
At this time, everyone saw clearly that the beams of light were fragments of the sword. Not only did the sword strike fail to kill Cui Xie, but it also shot back after it shattered, it instantly killed four of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect!
"Third Brother!"
"Fifth Brother!"
"Sixth Brother …"
Everyone's expression changed drastically, and the remaining three of the Seven Void Spirit Masters cried out in grief.
The Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect ate and slept together, and they had long been connected with each other. They had been in the Central Domain for so many years, and none of them had died. But today, four of them had died in the blink of an eye, and the remaining three were devastated.
The black fog gradually dispersed, and the Dragon-trapping Rope that originally bound Cui Xie had broken layer by layer, and the light dissipated little by little. At this time, Cui Xie's body exuded a violent aura, and layers of scales appeared on his skin.
"It's really good that you can force me to this point. In return, I will crush the entire Void Spirit Sect, hahahaha!" Cui Xie laughed wildly. At this moment, the wind and clouds changed color, and the entire Void Sky City was shrouded under his momentum. Except for him, there seemed to be nothing else.
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng did not think much, but rushed to Xi Youqin immediately. After grabbing Xi Youqin again, the Zhen Qi in his body began to circulate crazily, and the Vital Spirit burst out at the same time. His figure turned into a black line!
His hunch was indeed correct. Since Cui Xie had the confidence to establish a Divine Kingdom and dared to attack the Void Spirit Sect, then his means were definitely not limited to this!
"I, I'll kill you!"
The Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect were like one person. The other four had died, and the remaining three could not live alone!
At this time, the others did not have the impulse to fight. In the face of Cui Xie in such a state, they were simply courting death if they rushed up. Therefore, when Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai saw Luo Zheng take away Xi Youqin, they did not stop them. In contrast, it was safer for Xi Youqin to follow Luo Zheng than to follow them!
Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai, however, fled in two different directions.
It was also because three of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect had bought time for them to escape. Although the remaining three were no match for Cui Xie, they were still Virtual Tribulation Realm powerhouses after all!
Luo Zheng's face was very ugly. He had expected that Cui Xie would not be killed so easily, but he did not expect that Cui Xie's strength would suddenly increase to such an extent! If it was before, Luo Zheng could resist Cui Xie's strength, and with his speed, he could even escape from Cui Xie's hands. But now, Luo Zheng might not be a match for Cui Xie.
Rushing forward, Luo Zheng had rushed out of the Void Sky City in just a short while. Outside the Void Sky City was a vast mountain range. After Luo Zheng chose a direction, he did not stop. Once again, the vital essence in his body erupted, and he transformed into a stream of light and flew through the air.
If he did not use the Transmission Formation, with Luo Zheng's flying speed, it would only take him about three days to arrive at Cloud Sea City!
However, would Cui Xie not chase after him?
Luo Zheng was originally Cui Xie's target, and he had Xi Youqin with him. This woman was also something Cui Xie had to get his hands on. After dealing with the remaining three of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect, Cui Xie would definitely chase after him.
Sure enough, after an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng saw a black dot appear behind him. That black dot was Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, but that black dot was not slow either!
As long as Luo Zheng stopped circulating his vital essence, that black dot would be closer to Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng's vital essence could not be released all the time. This was the limitation of a body cultivator. Even Luo Zheng could not avoid this. When Luo Zheng had just entered the Sea God Continent, he was also chased by three Demon Race War Sages like this. In the end, they almost caught up with him because he could not replenish his vital essence in time.
"This is troublesome!"
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows deeply.
He did not notice that from the beginning to the end, Xi Youqin was lying on Luo Zheng's shoulder expressionlessly like a piece of wood.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about how to deal with it, Xi Youqin suddenly said, "Luo Zheng, kill me."
If he killed Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng would not need to carry such a big person to escape. His speed would inevitably increase, and the probability of escaping would naturally be higher.
If it were someone else, Luo Zheng could just let them go. He believed that Cui Xie would not find trouble with other people in order to chase Luo Zheng. However, Xi Youqin had the Extreme Purple Yin Body. She was also someone that Cui Xie must catch. Being in such a situation was indeed very unfavorable for Luo Zheng.
"Kill you?" Xun, who was flying at the same speed as Luo Zheng, sneered, "Aren't you afraid of death?"
Xi Youqin's face revealed a resolute expression, "I was very afraid before, but now … I'm not."
Today was indeed a sad day for Xi Youqin. She suddenly felt that she was a fool in everyone's eyes. Although everyone in the Xi family flattered her, no one trusted her. Even Xi Xiaojie, who grew up with her, was the same.
Under such circumstances, Xi Youqin's mood suddenly became extremely depressed.
As soon as her voice fell, Xun suddenly pointed her spear. Xun really intended to stab this time. The tip of the spear had already pierced Xi Youqin's forehead. In Xun's opinion, only by killing this woman could Luo Zheng escape with all his strength. She had wanted to kill Xi Youqin for a long time.
"Stop," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"If she dies, we will have a chance to escape," Xun said lightly.
"I know," Luo Zheng replied, staring ahead.
"Why don't you let me kill her?" Xun asked again. She felt that it was unwise to drag this burden down in this situation.
Luo Zheng took a breath and his Vital Spirit erupted again. After his speed suddenly increased, Luo Zheng said, "I have another way."

Chapter 682
There were countless fierce beasts lurking in the Cloud Dream Swamp. So far, the warriors of the Central Domain had not been able to fully explore the Cloud Dream Swamp.
In the sky, Luo Zheng was locked onto by Cui Xie. It was difficult for him to shake off Cui Xie. However, the Cloud Dream Swamp was extremely complicated. Luo Zheng could shake off Cui Xie!
Luo Zheng headed straight for the Cloud Dream Swamp. At this time, a cold smile appeared on Cui Xie's face. "Enter the Cloud Dream Swamp? That's a good idea. However, Luo Zheng, luck doesn't seem to be on your side this time! "
Then, Cui Xie took out a sound transmitting talisman and pinched it lightly. The sound transmitting talisman began to burn. "Wu Zhanhe, a rat has entered the Cloud Dream Swamp. The Void Spirit Seven have been killed by me. We can take down the Void Spirit Sect at any time. Tell Xuanchen to retreat 150 kilometers. Bring your men over!"
Cui Xie was very clear that Wu Zhanhe had been hiding in the Cloud Dream Swamp all these years. In the entire Central Domain, there was probably no one who knew the Cloud Dream Swamp better than Wu Zhanhe.
Why couldn't Luo Zheng hide anywhere? Why did he have to hide in the Cloud Dream Swamp?
After a while, a flame appeared beside Cui Xie's ear. Wu Zhanhe had burned the sound transmitting talisman. A voice came from the sound transmitting talisman. "Haha, the Cloud Dream Swamp is like my back garden to me. Let me help you catch the rat!"
Wu Zhanhe's strength was only slightly weaker than Cui Xie's. The two of them did not have a subordinate relationship. It was just that Wu Zhanhe had the ambition to establish a Holy Land, while Cui Xie dreamed of establishing his own Divine Kingdom. The two of the most powerful people in the Central Domain chose to join forces.
However, Cui Xie was very clear that the two of them were using each other. However, once they succeeded, there would definitely be a battle between them. Wu Zhanhe was definitely hiding a trump card that Cui Xie did not know about. However, Cui Xie was also confident that he could take down Cui Xie.
No matter what, there were no cracks in this seemingly united alliance for the time being. After all, their goals were shockingly similar, and their ambitions were also shockingly great!
After Luo Zheng entered the Yunmeng Swamp, he immediately lowered his altitude and flew close to the ground.
The terrain of the Clouddream Swamp was extremely complicated. There were shallow depressions everywhere. Some of the depressions looked incomparably clear, but in fact, they contained fatal toxins. Even the most powerful creatures would die immediately after licking them!
Luo Zheng was almost flying close to the ground, trying to restrain his aura as much as possible. In order to reduce the True Essence fluctuations and the leakage of his imposing manner, Luo Zheng even let Xun transform into a little red light that entered his body. Because of this, Luo Zheng's flying speed also slowed down.
After entering the Clouddream Swamp, Luo Zheng did not sense Cui Xie's aura. Perhaps Cui Xie had also concealed his own aura. At this moment, Luo Zheng was unable to determine Cui Xie's position. Then, Cui Xie would also find it difficult to lock onto Luo Zheng. This was also the result that Luo Zheng wanted.
The Clouddream Swamp was very vast, and the terrain was also extremely complicated. As long as he retracted his aura and slowly stealthily increased the distance between him and Cui Xie, then carefully left the Clouddream Swamp, it would not be difficult to get rid of Cui Xie.
"It's useless, you can't get out." At this moment, Xi Youqin suddenly opened her mouth and said.
Just as she finished speaking, Luo Zheng covered her mouth with one hand and said with a ruthless expression, "Shut up, do you want to die?"
Her mouth and nose were covered by Luo Zheng, so she could no longer speak. Her pair of brown eyes coldly stared at Luo Zheng. Now, she really did not seem to know what fear was.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a great power being released!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng covered Xi Youqin's mouth and quietly approached a quagmire. Then, his whole body sank into the quagmire.
Cui Xie's perception was very sharp. In order to avoid the perception released by Cui Xie, Luo Zheng did not dare to use Zhenqi to protect his body. He was afraid that Cui Xie would sense the fluctuations of Zhenqi, so the two of them were immediately covered by wet mud.
Xi Youqin's natural disposition was to be clean. If she did not circulate her Zhenqi, her whole body would be covered with a layer of black mud. How could she be willing?
At this moment, she twisted her body and made a fuss in Luo Zheng's arms.
"You're not even afraid of death, yet you're afraid of being dirty?" Luo Zheng lowered his voice and sneered.
Hearing this, Xi Youqin suddenly stopped resisting. Then, Luo Zheng dragged her down to the bottom of the mud!
The two of them were completely wrapped in mud and were immersed in the bottom of the quagmire.
Just as they entered, Luo Zheng felt a perception sweep over them and then slowly leave. Obviously, the owner of this perception was Cui Xie.
The two of them quietly lay at the bottom of the quagmire, motionless. After about the time it took to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng dragged Xi Youqin out. However, he still did not dare to make too much noise and carefully moved to the shore of the quagmire.
At this time, the white-clothed Xi Youqin had completely turned into a "black person". In a situation where she could not use Zhenqi to protect her body, her face, nose, and ears were all covered in mud!
She had never been so dirty in her life!
The black mud was like crawling worms, making her feel uncomfortable. At this moment, she wanted to immediately find a place to clean herself.
Xi Youqin was about to speak when she heard Luo Zheng say, "Don't move! Don't use Zhenqi! "
She followed Luo Zheng's gaze and saw a small black snake in the grass beside her!
The small snake's entire body was pitch black. Because its surface was too smooth, it flickered with a faint luster.
"Black Feathered Snake!"
Xi Youqin saw the feather-like crown on the small snake's head and immediately recognized the origin of the small snake.
It was not that Xi Youqin was knowledgeable, but the Black Feathered Snake was too famous. Therefore, Xi Youqin was able to recognize it in an instant.
The Black Feathered Snake was one of the most famous poisons in the Central Domain. The price of the Black Feathered Snake's poison was very high. It was a rare poison in the world and also a precious material.
Even the most powerful martial artist would die within a breath of time after being bitten by the Black Feathered Snake. This small snake's poison was extremely overbearing. Therefore, every year, many martial artists would lose their lives trying to catch the Black Feathered Snake!
The moment Xi Youqin saw the Black Feathered Snake, she wanted to use Zhenqi to resist the Black Feathered Snake. However, Luo Zheng stopped her at this time.
"Hiss!"
The Black Feathered Snake probably sensed that the two of them had discovered it. It suddenly jumped out of its body and bit towards Xi Youqin.
At this moment, Luo Zheng quickly stretched out his hand and blocked in front of Xi Youqin. However, the Black Feathered Snake bit Luo Zheng's arm.
The moment the Black Feathered Snake bit Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin wanted to scream. However, before she could scream, Luo Zheng's other hand covered her mouth. Luo Zheng had expected this woman to scream!
Then, Xi Youqin looked at the Black Feathered Snake with fear in her eyes. "You, it bit you …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and grabbed the Black Feathered Snake in his hand. He casually tore the Black Feathered Snake into several pieces and threw them into the grass. With a calm expression, he said, "I'm fine."
Xi Youqin suddenly looked at Luo Zheng as if she was looking at a monster. Although she had heard about all kinds of incredible things that had happened to Luo Zheng, the Black Feathered Snake's venom was so strong. How could he be fine just like that?
"Follow me." Luo Zheng parted the grass in front of him and motioned for Xi Youqin to follow him.
Xi Youqin stood in place and hesitated for a while. She stared at Luo Zheng's back, which was not particularly broad. Although she knew that Luo Zheng was just afraid that she would use Zhenqi, he did not hesitate to stretch out his hand and let the snake bite him. This made her feel very complicated.
After thinking about it, Xi Youqin stepped forward and followed Luo Zheng.
But, her body was covered in a layer of mud, and she felt very uncomfortable.
She had never lacked any cultivation resources since she was young. Also, she was a Heavenly rank genius, and she had great talent, which allowed her to break through to the Divine Core realm without going through any training. Naturally, she couldn't imagine how difficult it was for cultivators in the outside world, and she couldn't imagine how some cultivators would risk their lives just for a low rank Spiritual Weapon, and work hard for a few years just for a single pill!
She had never experienced how difficult it was to walk the path of cultivation, but she had never experienced it.
In a way, this could be considered her first time venturing out into the outside world …
Both of them walked slowly in the Dreamcloud Swamp. Because they were afraid that they would be discovered if they circulated their Zhenqi, they didn't dare fly.
After walking for a while in the swamp, her eyes suddenly lit up. She saw a crystal clear pool, and she wanted to wash off the mud on her body in the pool.
She walked up to Luo Zheng and patted on his shoulder. After that, she said, "I, I want to take a bath …"
Luo Zheng looked at the black Xi Youqin, then he looked at the crystal clear pool. With a grin on his face, he picked up a green Reed Grass and threw it into the pool.
"Sizzle … sizzle … sizzle …"
When the Reed Grass was thrown into the pool, it immediately turned black, and at the same time, a faint smoke emerged from it. Clearly, the clear water in the pool contained a deadly poison.
"Do you still want to take a bath?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 683
The entire Yunmeng Marsh was shrouded in a faint mist.
Of course, this kind of mist was different from the dense fog in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. The dense fog in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was arranged using a formation. If one couldn't get the formation plate, they would be trapped and unable to walk out of the fog.
The fog in the Yunmeng Marsh might be a little troublesome for ordinary people and warriors with low cultivation. However, for warriors at Luo Zheng's level, they needed to pay more attention to the complex environment and ferocious beasts.
When Xi Youqin saw the highly toxic pond water, her expression changed dramatically. She didn't have an abnormal body like Luo Zheng's that could resist the poison. If she jumped in like this, her whole body would be corroded by the poisonous water until not even dregs would be left!
"But I want to take a bath …" Xi Youqin really couldn't stand being so dirty.
"Bear with it," Luo Zheng shook his head. He pushed aside the grass at the side and continued to move forward.
The direction he was moving in was the direction Cui Xie's perception had just swept over. According to general logic, Luo Zheng should choose to move in the opposite direction from Cui Xie instead of following Cui Xie because they weren't deep into the Yunmeng Marsh at the moment. Since Cui Xie had already entered, Luo Zheng could escape as long as he left the Yunmeng Marsh in the opposite direction.
However, Luo Zheng didn't do so. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, Cui Xie had released his perception so ostentatiously just now to let him discover him, making him think that Cui Xie had already entered the Yunmeng Marsh. In the end, Cui Xie would come back and kill him.
If that was the case, Luo Zheng would become extremely dangerous.
As Luo Zheng moved forward, he was also thinking about how to deal with it. Suddenly, Luo Zheng's expression changed. He suddenly lowered his body and pulled Xi Youqin into the grass at the same time.
In mid-air, a human figure turned back in the thick fog and shot out of the Yunmeng Marsh at an extremely fast speed.
"Sure enough, I guessed right." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. If he had just left the Yunmeng Marsh, Cui Xie would have caught up with him sooner or later.
In mid-air, Cui Xie was flying at high speed. This density had a great restraining effect on perception. Even though Cui Xie's perception could not extend too far, it could only cover a small area. The most troublesome thing was that although the Yunmeng Marsh looked very desolate, in fact, there were countless creatures lurking in this desolate marsh. If Luo Zheng was lurking among them, Cui Xie would not be able to distinguish them one by one.
Therefore, Cui Xie could only use this method to create an illusion for Luo Zheng, making him think that he had entered the depths of the marsh. But soon, Luo Zheng turned back and rushed out of the marsh. His speed was like a meteor!
If Luo Zheng had avoided his search, he should have chosen to escape from the Yunmeng Marsh because this was an excellent opportunity. Therefore, if Cui Xie returned like this, it was very likely that he would catch up with Luo Zheng. As long as he locked onto Luo Zheng's figure, that brat would not be able to escape his pursuit even if he flew up to the sky or escaped underground.
However, after Cui Xie left the Yunmeng Marsh, he did not find Luo Zheng's figure. Then, he landed on an open space outside the Yunmeng Marsh. Cui Xie placed a thin, long stick shaped object on the open space. The top of the stick shaped object was inlaid with a purple crystal. Zhenqi was flickering in the crystal.
This object was a simple letter tablet. Cui Xie had placed it here before entering the Yunmeng Marsh. If Luo Zheng really left the Yunmeng Marsh, there would be a record in this letter tablet.
Cui Xie checked for a while, but did not find Luo Zheng's figure in the letter tablet. His face revealed a trace of a grim smile. "That cunning brat is still hiding in the Yunmeng Marsh!"
At this time, Cui Xie was not in a hurry to enter the marsh to find Luo Zheng. Instead, he waited for Wu Zhanhe's arrival. Wu Zhanhe had been lurking in the Yunmeng Marsh for so many years. In the Central Domain, there was probably no one more familiar with the Yunmeng Marsh than Cui Xie!
Before this, Cui Xie had already burned the Sound Transmitting Talisman to inform Wu Zhanhe. Therefore, he did not have to wait for long. Suddenly, dozens of escape lights appeared not far away and shot straight towards Cui Xie. The leading escape light was the fastest. That person was no doubt Wu Zhanhe.
After Wu Zhanhe arrived, he only nodded towards Cui Xie, while the other more than 20 people respectfully cupped their hands towards Cui Xie and shouted, "Greetings, Your Majesty!"
Cui Xie nodded and said to Wu Zhanhe, "Zhanhe, that Luo Zheng brought that girl from the Xi family into the Yunmeng Marsh. Do you have a way to find him?"
A confident smile appeared on Wu Zhanhe's face and he chuckled, "I am very familiar with every area of the Yunmeng Marsh. As long as that brat is still in the Yunmeng Marsh, there will be no place for him to hide! Cui Xie, come with me! " Wu Zhanhe then turned back and said to the False Tribulation Realm warriors, "Also, you guys search the area according to my plan! The Yunmeng Marsh is huge and finding a person in it is as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack. In fact, it is not so. Because there are different types of fierce beasts in each area. Once Luo Zheng passes through these areas, he will definitely provoke those fierce beasts. As long as a battle breaks out, I … will be able to sense his location! "
Hearing Wu Zhanhe's tone, Cui Xie's forehead unconsciously wrinkled. He had once asked Wu Zhanhe to address him as Country Lord. Wu Zhanhe had only agreed to it face to face, but he still called him by his full name.
This meant that Wu Zhanhe did not acknowledge his identity as Country Lord.
The reason why the two of them could work together and plan for the Divine Kingdom was because they had the same goal. However, as Life and Death Realm experts, neither side was willing to submit to the other!
"Forget it, after my Great Demonic Joyous Union Array is completed, it won't be too late to suppress you. At that time, if you still don't listen to me, don't blame me for being ruthless," Cui Xie thought indifferently.
Cui Xie thought this way, but how could Wu Zhanhe not have the same thoughts?
For the Kingdom of Evil Deities to be able to develop to its current state, how could it not have Wu Zhanhe's contribution? Asking him to address Cui Xie as Country Lord, there was no way!
Why was Wu Zhanhe so proactive this time?
Luo Zheng might have to die, but that Xi Youqin would also have to die. Wu Zhanhe also did not wish for Xi Youqin to fall into Cui Xie's hands. The moment Cui Xie's Great Demonic Joyous Union Array was completed, Wu Zhanhe's end would not be much better! The best fate for him would be to become Cui Xie's vassal. If Cui Xie was a little more ruthless, he would probably be the first person that Cui Xie would kill after breaking through.
The two of them seemed to be united on the surface, but they were divided at heart. But together, they were indeed the strongest power in the Central Domain!
Under Wu Zhanhe's orders, everyone entered the Cloud Dream Swamp and used voice transmission talismans to communicate with each other.
Wu Zhanhe was extremely familiar with the Cloud Dream Swamp. The Cloud Dream Swamp was vast, and even Cui Xie had not entered the deepest part of the swamp. Or it could be said that since ancient times, only Wu Zhanhe had lived here before. Thus, he was extremely familiar with every part of the Cloud Dream Swamp.
When Wu Zhanhe entered the Dreamy Cloud Swamp, his body suddenly emitted streaks of green poisonous fog. The moment this poisonous fog was released, it spread rapidly within the thick fog. He slowly floated in mid-air, his eyes closed as though he was trying to communicate with something!
Because they were walking, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin's speed was not fast. After such a long time, they had only walked less than 10 li.
How difficult was it to walk through the swamp? There was mud and puddles everywhere. Xi Youqin frowned along the way, using her hands to hold up her black skirt. Every time she took a step, she would pout. Looking at her sleeves sinking into the black mud, she could not help but feel disgusted.
Of course, this expression was seen by Luo Zheng, but he was too lazy to educate this arrogant young lady.
The difference in personality between people was too big. Xun's status was thousands of times higher than the young lady of the Xi family. In the upper realm, Xun was also the king of the peak. It could be said that she was born noble and could stand at the highest level of life to look down on all living things.
However, after Xun understood her situation, she quickly determined her position. She was very decisive, almost without any hesitation, and placed all her hopes on Luo Zheng! And this Xi Youqin still did not understand the situation …
When the two of them passed through a patch of low grass, there was a large stretch of swamp in front of them. This swamp was not deep, and the water in the swamp was only waist high. However, the two of them did not dare to use their true essence to fly, so they could only wade through the swamp.
"There's no poison here, right?" Xi Youqin glanced at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng stepped into the swamp and nodded, "There's no poison."
Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of joy. At least now she could take a good bath!
The two of them slowly waded through the swamp. As Xi Youqin walked, she used the clear water to wash the dirt on her body. After bleaching her plain white clothes, the clothes stuck to her body, outlining her slim waist and proud twin peaks.

Chapter 684
Underneath the ripples were numerous crocodiles with grey scales all over their bodies.
The full name of this crocodile was the Fine-Scaled Orange Toothed Crocodile. Its skin could be used to make a Spiritual Weapon armor, but not many warriors were willing to hunt this Orange Toothed Crocodile.
The reason was that this Orange Toothed Crocodile was extremely ferocious, and it had an incredible defensive ability. Even ordinary Divine Core warriors would find it hard to hunt it down. Even if they spent a lot of effort and killed this Orange Toothed Crocodile, they would only get a piece of crocodile skin in return. It was a huge difference between the investment and the reward. Therefore, no warriors would want to hunt this Orange Toothed Crocodile.
Within this swamp, there were over a hundred Orange Toothed Crocodiles quietly approaching Luo Zheng.
Not only did Luo Zheng restrain his True Yuan, he didn't even dare expose his Divine Sense. Therefore, he didn't notice these Orange Toothed Crocodiles.
Both he and Xi Youqin were moving forward through the water, and the faint ripples were getting closer and closer.
"Splash!"
When an Orange Toothed Crocodile got close to Xi Youqin, it suddenly opened its huge mouth and bit toward Xi Youqin.
This Orange Toothed Crocodile was an expert at camouflage. If one didn't look closely, they would think it was just a piece of rotten wood floating in the water. However, once it started moving, its speed wasn't slow at all.
Hearing the sound of water behind her, Xi Youqin abruptly turned her head, only to see a bloody mouth in front of her. She was stunned for a moment. This Orange-toothed Crocodile had two rows of orange-red teeth on its upper and lower jaws. Even if it bit pig iron, it would leave a bite mark!
In fact, ordinary Divine Core warriors weren't afraid of this Orange Toothed Crocodile. Although Xi Youqin was a Divine Core warrior, she had almost zero experience, and she didn't know how to deal with this situation.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly moved. He lightly tapped his feet on the surface of the water, then he jumped forward and stomped on the Orange Toothed Crocodile's lower jaw. The upper jaw of the Orange Toothed Crocodile was like a door filled with nails as it slammed down toward Luo Zheng. It was determined to crush this man in its mouth.
However, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and simply punched toward the upper jaw.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's punch directly tore apart the crocodile's mouth. Bright red blood immediately soaked the clear water surface. The Orange-toothed Crocodile was in so much pain that it couldn't help but roll on the water surface, splashing out waves.
"Ah!"
Xi Youqin screamed again. Six Orange-toothed Crocodiles appeared around Xi Youqin at the same time. In the eyes of the Orange-toothed Crocodiles, Xi Youqin was clearly a good meal!
Luo Zheng frowned.
These Orange-toothed Crocodiles posed no threat to Luo Zheng. Even if Luo Zheng just stood there and let these Orange-toothed Crocodiles bite him, they wouldn't be able to swallow Luo Zheng. However, it wasn't easy to kill so many Orange-toothed Crocodiles either. If Luo Zheng used his True Yuan, he could easily kill these Orange-toothed Crocodiles. But, the problem was, he was afraid that the ripples produced by his True Yuan would be sensed by Cui Xie.
But, if he killed these Orange-toothed Crocodiles with his bare hands, it would also cause a huge commotion. The Dreamcloud Swamp was as quiet as a tomb, and even the slightest movement could be heard from far away!
"This is troublesome!"
Luo Zheng floated past, and the True Yuan in his body began to slowly circulate. Then, Luo Zheng grabbed the frightened Xi Youqin and sped forward, sticking close to the surface of the water.
Those Orange-toothed Crocodiles couldn't fly, so naturally, they couldn't catch up. When they reached the edge of the swamp, Luo Zheng dispersed his True Yuan. Luo Zheng grabbed Xi Youqin and said, "Quickly, leave this place!"
At the same time, Wu Zhanhe, who was quietly floating in the air, revealed a trace of a smile. "Very good, I found you! In the southeast region, Luo Zheng should be near the crocodile pool. Be careful of the Orange-toothed Crocodiles in the water! "
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
In mid-air, several Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists heard Wu Zhanhe's words and immediately turned into several streaks of light, flying towards the southeast. They didn't have the misgivings of Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin. How fast was their speed when they ran like this?
Wu Zhanhe wasn't slow either. Not only did he want to kill Luo Zheng, but he also wanted to kill the young lady of the Xi Clan! Therefore, he had to be one step ahead of Cui Xie.
In less than half an hour, those Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists had already arrived at the swamp that Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin had just passed by. They saw an Orange-toothed Crocodile with its mouth wide open and its white belly floating on the water.
"Chase, Luo Zheng should have just passed by here!"
"Killing Luo Zheng is a great merit. The Monarch will definitely reward you handsomely!"
Why were these independent martial artists so dead set on following Cui Xie? It was because Cui Xie's rewards were extremely generous. Moreover, after uniting the independent martial artists, these independent martial artists felt a sense of belonging. At least, if anything happened, the Monarch of the Gods would step in and help them solve it.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Those several escape lights scattered in several directions, searching for Luo Zheng inch by inch.
At this time, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin continued to advance into the depths of the Yunmeng Swamp. Suddenly, Luo Zheng felt a Zhen Yuan fluctuation behind him. Then, a shallow escape light passed through the fog.
"Get down!"
Luo Zheng grabbed Xi Youqin and hid in the grass.
That escape light was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it passed over Luo Zheng's head.
"A False Tribulation Realm martial artist." Luo Zheng blinked. It seemed that Cui Xie had ordered his subordinates to hunt him down. In other words, Cui Xie was definitely not the only martial artist in the Yunmeng Swamp. In order to hunt him down, this Cui Xie didn't even attack the Void Spirit Sect. He really thought too highly of himself!
The two of them hid in the grass. Naturally, the False Tribulation Realm martial artist didn't discover them. Luo Zheng originally planned to leave with Xi Youqin after the martial artist left. However, at this time, a small spider quietly crawled along the grass towards Xi Youqin.
On the spider's back was a small ghost face. Luo Zheng had encountered this kind of ghost face spider on the road of the Trial Challengers. It wasn't considered a fierce creature.
However, this ghost face spider jumped up and jumped onto Xi Youqin's arm.
Xi Youqin felt something on her arm. When she raised her hand to look, she was immediately shocked. Although she knew that she couldn't make any noise at this time, she still couldn't help but let out a sharp cry.
"Ah!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed. He grabbed Xi Youqin's mouth. As for the ghost face spider, Luo Zheng casually flicked it, shattering it into pieces.
The two of them were still hiding in the shadows, motionless.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the False Tribulation Realm martial artist in front of him. However, once he attacked, he would definitely expose his position and attract Cui Xie's attention.
The False Tribulation Realm martial artist above him had already left. How fast was a False Tribulation Realm martial artist? He flew over Luo Zheng's head. By the time Xi Youqin screamed, he had already flown over a mile.
But at this moment, he suddenly heard a woman's scream.
The False Tribulation Realm martial artist had a strange expression on his face. He floated in the air and thought for a moment. Then, he changed direction and flew towards Luo Zheng.
The sound just now was very sharp, sounding like a woman's scream. In this quiet swamp, it could travel a long distance, but the sound was very sharp, and it was maintained for a very short period of time, causing the Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artist to be suspicious.
He wasn't sure if it was a woman's scream or the cry of a bird.
Since he had doubts, he decided to go back and carefully search this area.
The False Tribulation Realm martial artist slowly floated in the air. He used his perception to sweep the ground inch by inch. After sweeping the swamp, he slowly began to sweep the grass. At this time, he was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng pressed Xi Youqin against his body, revealing only his eyes. He stared at the approaching martial artist who was slowly floating in the air. His calm eyes were filled with pressure. With this method, it was almost certain that he would be able to find Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng.
"I hope you're lucky enough to miss this place." Luo Zheng thought to himself.
As long as this False Tribulation Realm martial artist found him, Luo Zheng would definitely kill him!
But, the False Tribulation Realm martial artist had no idea that he was walking towards the edge of death. In this False Tribulation Realm martial artist's eyes, Luo Zheng was just a new False Tribulation Realm martial artist, and he had an Early Divine Core warrior with him. An opponent like this wasn't difficult to deal with. As long as he could capture Luo Zheng, it would definitely be a great contribution!
Similar to a sect, the martial artists in the Divine Kingdom would compete with each other. If he could stand out from the other False Tribulation Realm martial artists, then in the future, when Cui Xie's Divine Kingdom was completed, as long as he could get a share of the soup, it would definitely bring him endless benefits.
Fifty meters …
Thirty meters …
Twenty meters …
Ten meters …

Chapter 685
The Void Tribulation Realm cultivator was only about ten feet away from Luo Zheng. The moment the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator's perception swept over and discovered Luo Zheng, the Astral Essence within Luo Zheng's body suddenly erupted!
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng shot towards the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator like an arrow released from a bow. Before the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator could react, Luo Zheng had already arrived in front of him.
"You!" The Void Tribulation Realm cultivator didn't know how to react at all. He only blurted out one word. In a moment of desperation, he wanted to ask if Luo Zheng was Luo Zheng …
However, he forgot that since he had discovered Luo Zheng here, Luo Zheng would definitely fight to the death. Why would he waste time talking nonsense with him?
Peng!
Luo Zheng's fist landed directly on the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator's chest. After receiving Luo Zheng's thunderous punch, the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator's chest deflated like a deflated balloon. He didn't even have the chance to howl in grief as he fell limply into the grass!
From the moment Luo Zheng gathered his strength, to the moment he attacked, and then to the moment he killed the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator, everything was done in one go without any hesitation.
Xi Youqin was also a cultivator, and her cultivation wasn't low either. However, this scene shocked her to the core!
Ever since she was young, Xi Youqin had watched many battles between cultivators. Within the Xi Family, the various large families of Void Sky City, and the Void Spirit Sect, there were battles almost every year. As the Young Miss of the Xi Family, Xi Youqin always had the highest seat reserved for her. Xi Youqin boasted of her sharp and unique vision. Whenever she watched the cultivators fight in the arena, she would often comment on them. Every time, her estimation would be seventy to eighty percent accurate.
But now, Xi Youqin discovered that the battles in the arena were simply child's play compared to the current battle.
She didn't expect that Luo Zheng, who had just entered the Void Tribulation Realm, would be able to kill a middle stage Void Tribulation Realm cultivator so easily. The Void Tribulation Realm cultivator didn't even have the time to react …
How could Luo Zheng care about Xi Youqin's inner thoughts? He flew down, grabbed Xi Youqin, and coldly said, "Let's go!"
Then, Luo Zheng took Xi Youqin and ran away. At this time, Luo Zheng no longer concealed his True Essence. True True Qi and Astral Essence erupted simultaneously, transforming into a beam of light, and headed straight for the Cloud Dreamy Swamp...
.. Although Cui Xie had been deliberately ordered by Wu Zhanhe to search for another area, he was also rushing in this direction. His speed was also the fastest!
Bits of Sword Spirit's light flickered around Luo Zheng. Since their location had already been exposed, there was no need for Xun to hide. After Xun appeared, she coldly stared at Xi Youqin, and then said to Luo Zheng, "I've already said that this woman is a nuisance. Killing her is the best choice!"
If it weren't for Xi Youqin's scream, they naturally wouldn't have been discovered by the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator. Perhaps Cui Xie and the others would have searched for Luo Zheng for a while, but they couldn't find him and would eventually choose to give up. Now, they had returned to the beginning and were being chased by Cui Xie. The problem was that there wasn't just one Cui Xie, there were other Void Tribulation Realm cultivators!
Everyone was shuttling through the dense milky white fog. They couldn't see each other's figures, but they could feel each other's aura and Zhen Yuan fluctuations.
Luo Zheng didn't speak, and just focused on circulating his Zhen Yuan. The swamp on the ground rapidly receded in Luo Zheng's field of vision, and the surrounding scenery gradually changed.
When Luo Zheng had just entered the Cloud Dream Swamp, the surroundings were still emerald green, but as he continued to enter the depths of the Cloud Dream Swamp, the swamp and plants gradually turned dark brown, and the surrounding aura became more and more lifeless.
While fleeing, Luo Zheng felt that the Zhen Yuan fluctuations behind him were becoming more and more intense. In addition to the weaker Zhen Yuan fluctuations, Luo Zheng also felt two relatively powerful Zhen Yuan fluctuations!
"One should be Cui Xie, but who is the other? His speed is actually not much slower than Cui Xie's! Is he also a Life and Death expert? "Luo Zheng's brows wrinkled. For him, this was definitely not good news.
Luo Zheng was carrying a person, and his Astral Essence couldn't be used for a long time, so the distance between him and the two behind him was getting closer and closer. From the initial forty to fifty li to thirty li, they were now only ten li away from each other!
"Hehe, Luo Zheng, I already said that you can't escape. In the end, you're still wasting your strength!" A steady voice suddenly resounded behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face sank. He naturally wouldn't respond to Cui Xie, and continued to move forward. However, if this continued, Luo Zheng couldn't see the slightest chance of turning the situation around, and didn't know what to do next.
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that at this moment, a strange voice suddenly sounded in his ears, "Kid, run to the right!"
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he immediately sent a Zhen Yuan sound transmission, "Who are you?"
"Who am I? Hehe … "That person didn't answer.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. This Zhen Yuan sound transmission had come from behind, so it should have come from one of the two martial artists behind him. Separated by the fog, Luo Zheng couldn't tell which one was Cui Xie, but the owner of this voice was definitely one of the Life and Death experts!
Who was it? Why did they give him such a suggestion?
This voice, it was somewhat familiar …
Luo Zheng's memory wasn't bad. He seemed to have heard this voice two years ago, but in his anxiety, Luo Zheng couldn't remember who it was.
"Why do you want to help me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Help you? Hehe, I just don't want that woman on your body to fall into Cui Xie's hands, "the voice laughed mischievously.
"It seems that no one wants Cui Xie to become stronger," Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a sneer. He was also very hesitant in his heart, because Luo Zheng couldn't completely believe this person's words. If this person was playing tricks and led Luo Zheng into a trap, wouldn't Luo Zheng be walking right into a trap?
Then, the voice once again sounded in Luo Zheng's ears, "You're right, I don't want Cui Xie to become too strong. Presumably, you don't want that either. The simplest way is to kill the woman in your hands. What do you think?"
"If I kill her, I will indeed satisfy you, but I will be in danger, right? Poison King Wu Zhanhe! " Luo Zheng finally remembered the owner of this voice. At that time, Luo Zheng had seen this person in the Wheel of Fortune. It was the warrior known as the Poison King.
At that time, Luo Zheng had been cursed in the Wheel of Fortune, but in the end, Wu Zhanhe gave a chance to dispel the curse to his opponent, a warrior from Divine Kingdom, and dispelled the curse for the Saintess of Divine Kingdom.
After Luo Zheng knew that this person was Wu Zhanhe, he actually believed his words!
From Wu Zhanhe's point of view, there was no need to remind him, because Luo Zheng was almost certain to die under the joint pursuit of Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie. There was no need to remind him at all. It seemed that Wu Zhanhe had indeed joined forces with Cui Xie, but the two of them didn't seem to be on good terms!
This wasn't difficult to understand. How could experts at their level be willing to share benefits with others? As the saying goes, how could one allow others to snore beside one's bed? For the vast majority of warriors, what they hoped for was to be supreme.
It was impossible for someone like Wu Zhanhe to submit to Cui Xie, and it was even more impossible for Cui Xie to tolerate Wu Zhanhe. Although the two of them had joined forces, there was an irreconcilable conflict between them.
If Xi Youqin fell into Cui Xie's hands, and Cui Xie broke through, how could Wu Zhanhe's days be any better?
"Right!" Luo Zheng's figure turned, and he quickly turned to the right. Then, he sent a voice transmission, "What about now?"
"Ten miles ahead, there is an underground palace. Once you enter the underground palace, I can't guarantee that you will be able to get rid of Cui Xie, but I can delay him for a while!" Wu Zhanhe sent a voice transmission. Then, he coldly said in his heart, "But that underground palace will also take your lives!"
Below the Cloud Dream Swamp, there was a large underground palace. In the entire Central Domain, only he knew of this secret!
However, even though this underground palace was a dangerous place, there didn't seem to be any opportunities in it. Instead, it was extremely dangerous. Wu Zhanhe had explored it twice, but he didn't find any treasures. Instead, he almost died in it. Hence, Wu Zhanhe gave up on exploring this underground palace.
Now, sending Luo Zheng into this underground palace and letting him die inside was the best choice.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 686
Between cultivators, they all had their own schemes.
Luo Zheng wanted to escape with Xi Youqin, while Cui Xie wanted to kill Luo Zheng and capture Xi Youqin. As for Wu Zhanhe, his goal was to kill Xi Youqin. As for Luo Zheng … even if he died, he would not gain anything. Everything that belonged to Luo Zheng would be obtained by Cui Xie. Therefore, whether Luo Zheng died or not did not matter much.
With Luo Zheng's current speed, ten li could be traversed in an instant.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw a large karst cave below. This karst cave was surrounded by moss and plants. Due to the lush growth of the surrounding plants, there was almost no light that could shine through. There was only a dark cave entrance.
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng brought Xi Youqin into the cave.
"Eh?" Cui Xie suddenly could not sense Luo Zheng's True Essence, and a look of doubt appeared on his face. Wu Zhanhe sneered in his heart, but his face was also filled with surprise. Soon, the two arrived above the cave.
"This brat actually broke into the underground palace!" Wu Zhanhe pretended to be surprised.
Cui Xie's eyes flashed. He stared at Wu Zhanhe and asked, "How did this brat know that there was an underground palace here?"
Wu Zhanhe shook his head, "This underground palace is very dangerous. I don't know how he knew. Perhaps he knew that he could not escape and discovered that there was an underground palace here, so he entered."
Hearing Wu Zhanhe's words, the suspicion on Cui Xie's face deepened. Just now, Luo Zheng had been rushing in one direction, but now he suddenly changed directions and entered the underground palace. This indeed made Cui Xie feel very strange.
Cui Xie was originally a very suspicious person. He also suspected that Wu Zhanhe had secretly warned Luo Zheng. However, he did not have any evidence to prove it. Furthermore, this was not the time for him to argue with Wu Zhanhe, so he nodded and said, "Even if he entered the underground palace, he would not be able to escape!"
At this moment, the Void Tribulation Realm martial artists also rushed over.
Cui Xie glanced at them and asked, "Why are you two missing?"
There were indeed two people missing among the False Tribulation Realm cultivators. One of them said, "One was killed by Luo Zheng. The other accidentally entered the nest of a water flood dragon and was devoured by it."
There were also some extremely powerful ferocious beasts residing in the Cloud Dream Swamp. As everyone went deeper into the Cloud Dream Swamp, the ferocious beasts they encountered would naturally become more powerful.
"Water Serpent?" Cui Xie's interest was piqued. "I'll deal with it later! Now, let me enter the underground palace and take Luo Zheng's life first! "
After that, Cui Xie took the lead and entered the entrance of the underground palace. Wu Zhanhe and the other False Tribulation Realm cultivators also entered.
There was almost no light in the underground palace. Luo Zheng had to rely on his perception to move forward!
This underground palace might have been built by some ancient sect. The paths inside were winding and spiraling, making it a huge maze.
Wu Zhanhe definitely wouldn't be so kind as to point out the path for him. However, Luo Zheng really didn't have a choice. Just now, Luo Zheng really couldn't shake off Cui Xie while running away!
There were countless paths in this complex underground palace. Almost every path had three or four forks. Luo Zheng wasn't sure if there were any dangers. At this moment, he could only rush forward step by step. The more forks there were, the lower the possibility of Cui Xie finding him.
Luo Zheng's face was gloomy. He was extremely unhappy. It wasn't easy for him to come back from the Sea God Continent. His luck was so bad that he was chased all the way here by Cui Xie. It would be strange if he was in a good mood.
However, at this moment, Xi Youqin started acting up again. "It's so dark here. I don't like it."
Unexpectedly, Xun didn't mock Xi Youqin at this moment. In the darkness, Xun stared at Xi Youqin quietly, sneering in her heart.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He just kept moving through the underground palace. It could be said that he didn't know where to go.
"Can you think of a way to get out? I don't want to stay here! "Xi Youqin said again.
Xun sneered in her heart. She could already feel that Luo Zheng was extremely irritated. As a woman, Xun was indeed very smart. She understood that Luo Zheng was already extremely irritated. This idiotic young lady of the Xi family was still causing trouble for Luo Zheng like a fly. If this continued, Luo Zheng would explode sooner or later!
It would be best if Luo Zheng killed this woman in anger. Xun thought bitterly in her heart.
"Take me out! Luo Zheng! " Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Xi Youqin's stubborn temper flared up once again. She had completely forgotten that it was all because of this woman that Luo Zheng was chased all the way to the underground palace!
Bam!
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly threw Xi Youqin away.
He threw her with a great force, causing Xi Youqin's soft body to slam onto the ground.
But, Xi Youqin was an Early Divine Core warrior, so she wasn't injured by such a great force.
However, after being thrown to the ground by Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin was dumbfounded. After that, she suddenly screamed out, "What are you doing?!"
Slap!
Right after Xi Youqin's words left her mouth, Luo Zheng immediately slapped her across the face!
How powerful was his strength?! If Luo Zheng had used all his strength, this slap would have been enough to smash her head into pieces. But, Luo Zheng controlled his strength, and the slap only left a clear palm print on her face.
"If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have come here!" Luo Zheng said furiously. Not many people were able to anger him. Aside from those who had a grudge that couldn't be resolved like Cui Xie, Luo Zheng rarely got angry.
Actually, the situation today was nothing to Luo Zheng. The life and death crisis Luo Zheng had experienced in the past was ten times more troublesome than this! He knew there was a gap between him and Cui Xie, but in a fight between warriors, there was never a 100% chance of winning. If he fought with all his strength, Luo Zheng might have a chance!
But, Luo Zheng's anger had been successfully ignited by this stupid woman. He had to admit, Xi Youqin's ability to anger others was an unexpected "talent".
Xi Youqin covered her face and glared at Luo Zheng. "You, you dare to hit me!"
When they were at the Xi Family, Luo Zheng only used his killing intent to suppress Xi Youqin. In fact, he didn't make a move.
Without waiting for Xi Youqin to speak, Luo Zheng directly said, "Since you were a child, no one has ever hit you, right?"
"Yes! Since I was a child, no one has ever dared to hit me! "Xi Youqin's face showed a trace of hysteria.
"Pa!"
Just as Xi Youqin finished speaking, Luo Zheng slapped her again.
This slap made Xi Youqin's hair messy. Under the dim light, a pair of brown eyes stared at Luo Zheng. She gritted her teeth and said, "Luo Zheng! I, I … I'll fight you! "
Xi Youqin just got up and was about to fight with Luo Zheng.
"Let's see how you spell it!"
Luo Zheng suddenly rushed forward and grabbed Xi Youqin's neck with one hand. With a bang, he pushed her against the wall. His other hand gently patted her lower abdomen and injected a stream of Zhenqi into her body!
Her cultivation was far lower than Luo Zheng's. After Luo Zheng's Zhenqi was injected into Xi Youqin's lower abdomen, it immediately messed up Xi Youqin's Zhenqi and made it unable to circulate.
Then, with a flip of his hand, Luo Zheng grabbed Xi Youqin's collar. With a gentle pinch, he tore her white clothes to the side, ripping them to shreds.
"What do you want to do!" Xi Youqin's eyes widened and her face was full of disbelief!
"Zi — —"
"What? I'm going to take your Primordial Yin! " Luo Zheng sneered. He stretched out his hand and tore again. Suddenly, there was the sound of cloth tearing. Her clothes were instantly torn clean by Luo Zheng.
Xi Youqin wasn't married yet, and she had never seen anything like this before. Her naked body was exposed in front of a man. Her blood instantly rushed to her head, and her fair face was now completely red. Half of it was due to anger, and the other half was due to embarrassment!
"Luo Zheng, you're a beast!" Xi Youqin screamed out.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to Xi Youqin's words. Xi Youqin's struggle was futile for Luo Zheng. She was weak to begin with, and she was only a Divine Core warrior. To put it bluntly, when Luo Zheng was still a Xiantian realm warrior, he even had the chance to defeat her!
Besides, her Zhenqi was sealed by Luo Zheng, and she didn't even have the strength to fight back.
After that, Luo Zheng put his arm around Xi Youqin's shoulder and pushed her to the ground. The underground palace was cold and damp, so it was impossible for it to be clean. But, Luo Zheng didn't care about that at this moment.
Xun hugged his spear and hovered nearby like a ghost. He had a cold smile on his face.

Chapter 687
Xi Youqin didn't expect that things would come to this!
She was proficient in zither, chess, calligraphy, and painting since she was young, and her talent in martial arts was envied by the disciples of other sects. Every time she followed Xi Xiaojie to the Void Spirit Sect to cultivate, those men's eyes were always on her.
Whether it was in the Void Sky City or the Void Spirit Sect, she was like a goddess high above. It was not easy for ordinary people to see her smile. Even so, there were still countless young elites who wanted to curry favor with her, doing everything they could to make her happy!
There was once a Heaven-grade genius in the Void Spirit Sect. In order to celebrate Xi Youqin's birthday, he collected sixteen Radiance Grass seeds from thousands of miles away and strung them together into a bracelet for her.
The seeds of the Radiance Grass were extremely difficult to pick and could only be found in the snowy mountains in the far west. The seeds of the Radiance Grass emitted a faint glow day and night and were extremely beautiful. It was indeed an ingenious gift, but very few people in the central region would make it into a bracelet as a gift.
This was because the Radiance Grass seeds were originally very valuable. The value of a single seed was almost equivalent to the value of an immortal tool. A bracelet strung with sixteen seeds could be considered an extremely precious item.
However, when Xi Youqin saw the bracelet, she casually threw it on the ground.
At that time, everyone in the Xi family doted on her. When the elders in the family saw Xi Youqin's willful behavior, they could only helplessly smile. As for that Heaven-grade genius, although he was very angry, Xi Youqin was the descendant of Daoist Qing Xu after all, so he couldn't flare up.
In the past, she was so arrogant. Who would have thought that in the blink of an eye, she would be trapped in this dark underground palace and her clothes would be torn apart by the man in front of her and she would be naked in front of him!
To Xi Youqin, how humiliating was this?
She tried to resist. Her smooth jade-like legs kicked hard, and she directly grabbed Luo Zheng. Finally, she directly used her mouth to bite him!
However, with her little strength, how could she hurt Luo Zheng? Not to mention that her True Essence was sealed, even if she could circulate her True Essence, she still wouldn't be able to break through Luo Zheng's High Grade Immortal Artefact Body.
When her nails ruthlessly scratched Luo Zheng's skin, she only felt that his skin was extremely tough. Her nails were about to break, but they couldn't even leave a mark on his skin. When her teeth fiercely bit down on Luo Zheng's shoulder, she felt as if she was biting a piece of iron. Her pearly white teeth almost broke!
"Let, let me go!" When Luo Zheng put his hand on her chest, her whole body trembled and she groaned. An extremely strange feeling suddenly spread throughout her body. She was a virgin, how could she have experienced such a feeling? It was as if all the power had been drained away at this moment.
"I … If I'm lucky enough to escape this time … I'll definitely kill you!" Xi Youqin said through gritted teeth.
"Since I've seen you, I've said this three times," Luo Zheng replied coldly.
What Xun said was right. This was indeed the safest way. Even if Luo Zheng was lucky enough to leave the underground palace, it would be difficult for him to take this woman with him. As long as he took away her Primordial Yin, her Extreme Purple Yin Body would be useless to Cui Xie! At that time, even if Luo Zheng gave this woman to Cui Xie, Cui Xie would probably not be interested!
With Cui Xie's strength as the strongest person in the Central Domain, Cui Xie didn't lack women. Especially for warriors who were determined to reach the peak, they wouldn't be overly greedy for lust. Only those evil cultivators who used women as Cultivation Furnaces would indulge in lust.
Luo Zheng was also relying on his anger to rush forward. He was also a virgin and had no experience!
Xi Youqin soon discovered this fact. She twisted her snake-like waist, but refused to cooperate. As a result, it was even more difficult for Luo Zheng to enter the underground palace.
Seeing this scene, Xun was completely speechless. Although she didn't shy away, she was still a woman after all. She couldn't help Luo Zheng. She could only tilt her head and float to one side with the long spear in her hand, guarding Luo Zheng.
"There are no less than a few hundred forks in this underground palace. Cui Xie and the others won't be able to find this place in a short period of time. However, Luo Zheng, it's better to end this quickly." Xun curled her lips. Her astonishingly long legs were crossed. The scene that was playing out in front of Xun's eyes was a shock to her soul. However, as a Sword Spirit, she did not have any physical reaction.
"Ah!"
Accompanied by Xi Youqin's scream, Luo Zheng finally moved.
At this moment, purple rays of light constantly gushed out. Those rays of light were like silk spat out by silkworms. They constantly spread, condensed, and entangled. Finally, they formed a purple cocoon of light, tightly wrapping the two of them.
These purple rays of light were a kind of Primordial Yin unique to the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Cui Xie wanted to gather the three of them and use the Great Demonic Acacia Formation to completely activate this Primordial Yin.
However, even if he didn't use the Great Demonic Acacia Formation, after absorbing the Primordial Yin, whether it was Luo Zheng or Xi Youqin, it would be greatly beneficial!
After the initial painful scream, Xi Youqin didn't make a sound. Her eyes were like a dead fish as she stared at the man in front of her. Looking at Luo Zheng's firm chest, Xi Youqin's heart was filled with despair and bitterness!
Her proud heart had been forcibly shattered by Luo Zheng and then trampled on by this guy. How big was the contrast in Xi Youqin's heart?
Amidst this despair, Xi Youqin felt a strange sensation. Her nostrils flared slightly and her breathing became heavy. Her powerless hands, which were originally hanging on the ground, seemed to want to grab onto a point to attach themselves to!
Although Xi Youqin was constantly suppressing herself, the sound of her breathing still became louder and louder. Her body couldn't help but twist and turn. Finally, her jade-like hands, which were naturally suited for playing the zither, finally climbed onto Luo Zheng's arm!
After feeling Xi Youqin's pandering, Luo Zheng's strength also became stronger and stronger. That strength returned to Xi Youqin's body. Finally, Xi Youqin couldn't help but cry out.
During this process, the purple cocoon of light, mixed with the sweat on their bodies, slowly seeped into Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin's bodies. The Extreme Purple Yin Body was the best body for dual cultivation. After the Primordial Yin was absorbed in this way, it would greatly affect the two's bodies!
When Xun heard Xi Youqin's gradually increasing volume and saw the undulating cocoon of light surrounding the two of them, she couldn't help but curl her lips. Her pair of slender and tough legs were twisted together at an unbelievable angle. Her thin and sexy lips couldn't help but curl …
After a long time, accompanied by Luo Zheng's deep roar, Xi Youqin's originally soft moan suddenly increased by an octave. Then, the cocoon of light completely dissipated, revealing the two's entwined bodies.
Xi Youqin lay on the ice-cold ground. Her entire body was covered in fine beads of sweat. Her eyes stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Her originally dim and unfocused eyes were now filled with a trace of doubt.
In Xi Youqin's heart, there was still an endless desire to kill Luo Zheng. However, Xi Youqin discovered that this man wasn't as hateful as she had imagined!
This was also the reason why Xi Youqin was so confused.
After Luo Zheng got up, he tidied himself up and took out a set of loose clothes from his spatial ring. He turned his face to the side and threw the set of clothes to Xi Youqin.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xi Youqin was immediately angered by Luo Zheng's actions. You even took my primordial yin. Now you're embarrassed to even look at me?
Xi Youqin had guessed correctly!
Luo Zheng was indeed a little embarrassed. Just now, he pushed Xi Youqin down in anger. The key point was that he was now forced into this desperate situation by Cui Xie. He was afraid that Xi Youqin would fall into the hands of Cui Xie. For the sake of the bigger picture and for his sister, Luo Zheng had no choice but to play it safe.
Although there were so many reasons, Luo Zheng was still a virgin. After this incident, Luo Zheng would naturally feel a little uncomfortable!
However, from Xi Youqin's point of view, it was different. Luo Zheng's actions could be described with a common saying. It was as if he didn't recognize anyone after putting on his pants …
"Put on your clothes. Let's find a way to leave this underground palace," Luo Zheng said with his back facing Xi Youqin.
For some reason, Xi Youqin blurted out, "Not wearing it!"
After saying that, Xi Youqin's face suddenly turned red. Even she herself couldn't imagine that she would one day be so shameless in front of a man naked.

Chapter 688
In this kind of environment, the effect of acting shamelessly was very poor!
Luo Zheng didn't even turn his head and walked forward. Xun, who was holding her spear, looked back at Xi Youqin.
Being stared at by Xun, Xi Youqin felt as if she had been bitten by a poisonous snake. She quickly curled up her body and grabbed the clothes to cover her body. In the Xi family, even her personal maidservants had never seen her naked body!
Xun smiled coldly and turned to follow Luo Zheng.
In this dark underground palace, waves of cold wind blew. Xi Youqin suddenly became very nervous. She hurriedly put on the clothes that Luo Zheng handed to her. These clothes were Luo Zheng's spare clothes. How could they fit?
Her waist and legs were empty, and her chest was tightly wrapped by the clothes. It was very uncomfortable.
When she put on these clothes, she remembered that she also had spare clothes in her sumeru ring. But in the panic, she had forgotten. Seeing Luo Zheng walk away, she didn't have time to change. She could only clench her teeth and follow closely behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't turn his head and walked forward along the road in the underground palace. Xun, who was beside him, looked at Luo Zheng faintly. There was always a faint smile on her face.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked unnaturally.
"How do you feel?" Xun asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and then said, "I feel that my dantian is running more smoothly. My true essence is also faintly purer."
Xun's face showed a strange smile. Of course, she didn't ask this question. Luo Zheng had taken Xi Youqin's primordial yin. Luo Zheng's cultivation should have improved, but Xun knew that Luo Zheng was shy. Naturally, she didn't ask.
This was the biggest difference between Xun and Xi Youqin. In contrast, Xun had been in a high position for a long time and was born noble, but she didn't have the slightest arrogance. Instead, she was very tactful and never embarrassed people.
She followed Luo Zheng's words and said, "Yin and Yang are in harmony. If one is missing, nothing will be born. In fact, there are some secret dual cultivation methods in the upper realm that are very powerful!"
"Secret dual cultivation method, isn't it evil?" Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment before asking.
Xun smiled faintly. "That's just the standard of your Central Territory. There has never been such a thing as evil in this universe. What's more, the Dual Cultivation of Man and Woman harmonizes the Yin and Yang Qi, which is the source of the universe. How can there be such a thing as evil and good?
Luo Zheng was silent...... Xi.......
. Xi Youqin was very obedient. She followed Luo Zheng closely and didn't say anything else …
Xi Youqin was not stupid. It was just that her past experience had affected her greatly, causing her to have an unusually annoying personality.
Xi Youqin understood very well that Luo Zheng didn't need to take her away!
It didn't matter even if she was abandoned in this underground palace. After all, her primordial yin had been taken by Luo Zheng. Even if it fell into the hands of Cui Xie, it wouldn't cause any trouble.
After understanding this, their positions began to reverse. Now, Xi Youqin was begging Luo Zheng to take her away. Otherwise, with her strength, she wouldn't be able to leave the underground palace. Even if she left the underground palace, she wouldn't be able to walk out of the Yunmeng Swamp.
In this situation, Xi Youqin was very obedient.
In the underground palace, Luo Zheng's heaven-defying luck finally showed its effect!
This underground palace was originally an extremely dangerous place. When Poison King Wu Zhanhe lived in seclusion here, he almost lost his life when exploring the underground palace. In other words, if a Life and Death Realm expert wasn't careful, they could also die here.
However, Luo Zheng just kept his head down and sprinted forward. He did not encounter any danger and proceeded abnormally smoothly!
On the contrary, when Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe stepped into the underground palace, they encountered one trouble after another. For this reason, three False Tribulation Realm experts had died. Even Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe were slightly injured. Along the way, they bumped and bumped, but they didn't find Luo Zheng's figure. Cui Xie's temper also became more and more irritable. In his fury, Cui Xie smashed the underground palace layer by layer. However, he didn't expect to alarm a powerful Vicious Beast in the underground palace!
A few years ago, Wu Zhanhe had fought with that Vicious Beast and almost died at its hands. Cui Xie attacked in anger, but he still couldn't beat that Vicious Beast. A group of False Tribulation Realm experts and two Life and Death Realm experts were chased by that Vicious Beast for a long time. In the end, they had no choice but to withdraw from the underground palace …
At this time, Luo Zheng had already found another exit in the underground palace. Seeing the light in front of him, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he immediately rushed out.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips and also rushed out of the underground palace with Luo Zheng.
After coming out of the Underground Palace, Luo Zheng naturally would not linger around any longer. To think that he would be reminded by Wu Zhanhe in such a desperate situation, allowing him to escape from Cui Xie's pursuit through the Underground Palace. This was a double manifestation of strength and luck.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to fly away, Xi Youqin, who was following Luo Zheng, finally spoke. At this moment, she said timidly, "Luo Zheng, you, you want to leave me here?" Her eyes, which were originally filled with stubbornness and pride, were now filled with limpid autumn water. Her expression faintly contained a pitiful look.
"What? Do you still want to follow? " Xun sneered. "Didn't you keep asking Luo Zheng to let go of you? Didn't you say you weren't afraid of death?"
In the depths of the Clouddream Swamp, even ordinary Divine Core warriors would have a hard time surviving, let alone Xi Youqin who only had a strong cultivation base. How could she possibly walk out of the Clouddream Swamp? And Luo Zheng's speed was incredibly fast. With her flying speed, there was no way she could keep up with Luo Zheng.
Hearing Xun's question, Xi Youqin clenched her teeth and said, "Luo Zheng, if you leave me here, I'll definitely die!"
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then he turned around and grabbed Xi Youqin. After that, he said, "Fine, I'll bring you out of the Clouddream Swamp!"
He wasn't a cold-hearted man. If not for Xi Youqin forcing Luo Zheng into a corner, he wouldn't treat her like this.
Luo Zheng dragged Xi Youqin and flew at high speed. In just two hours, they had left the Clouddream Swamp. During the journey, Luo Zheng had encountered some ferocious beasts in the Clouddream Swamp. For example, a ferocious bird that was hiding in the clouds, and a 300 meter long Swamp Python. But, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all, he just used his speed to avoid them. Although he could obtain some precious materials by killing these ferocious beasts, Luo Zheng was still running for his life, so he didn't have the time to care about these things.
Luo Zheng had entered the Clouddream Swamp from the east, and now, he was leaving from the west. He was now much closer to Cloud Sea City.
In the evening, Luo Zheng finally arrived at another medium-sized city, Sunfire City.
This city couldn't be compared with large cities like Cloud Sea City, Heaven Awaken City, and Void Sky City. There were only a few Second Grade Sects around Sunfire City. Moreover, because the Tian Xie Sect was constantly expanding, the cultivators in Sunfire City were also in danger. Several Sects had begun to move towards the south. More than half of the cultivators had left, and a lot of mortals had left as well.
After flying above Sunfire City, Luo Zheng let go of Xi Youqin's hand and said indifferently, "Okay, let's stop here. Head south from Sunfire City. You can go around the Clouddream Swamp and return to Void Sky City."
All along the way, Xi Youqin was lying softly on Luo Zheng's back, and she was stunned when she suddenly heard Luo Zheng ask her to leave.
Void Sky City and the Void Spirit Sect were deeply involved in the war between the Sects. Cui Xie was unable to capture Luo Zheng, so he would definitely lead the cultivators to attack the Void Spirit Sect once more. Now that the Seven Void Spirit Disciples had been killed, even though the Void Spirit Sect still had numerous Void Tribulation Realm cultivators and Daoist Priest Qing Xu, it was impossible for the Void Spirit Sect to resist the attacks of the Tian Xie Sect by relying on the Sect Guarding Grand Formation left behind by Feng Guanyu.
So, what could she do if she returned?
"I …." Xi Youqin wanted to say something, yet she didn't know how to start.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at Xi Youqin and didn't say anything. If Cui Xie noticed that he'd left Clouddream Swamp, then it was very likely that Cui Xie would chase after him. The journey to Cloud Sea City was still very long, so it wasn't convenient for him to bring Xi Youqin along.
In the end, Luo Zheng didn't say anything, and he still chose to turn around and leave!
Xi Youqin floated in midair and stared blankly at the streak that was ceaselessly disappearing into the distance. She bit her lips forcefully, and she didn't even notice that blood seeped out from her lips in the end. After that, her gaze slowly became extremely icy cold and resolute, and her emotions gradually became agitated as a strand of extremely strong obsession surged incessantly into her mind.
After floating silently in midair for the time for an incense stick to burn, Xi Youqin suddenly felt as if flames were burning within her Dantian.
"Boom!"
In practically an instant, strands of violet flames emerged from her Dantian and enveloped her!
Those flames weren't formed from Xi Youqin's True Essence because Xi Youqin didn't cultivate a fire attribute cultivation technique.
The flames were emanating from the Extreme Violet Realm ….
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 689
The purple flames that erupted from Xi Youqin's dantian wrapped around her, and then her body began to fall downwards!
"A big fireball fell from the sky!"
"Heavens! It smashed into Old Wang's house … "
"There's someone in that fireball, could it be that martial artist?"
Most of the people in Sunfire City were ordinary mortals. The martial artists with higher cultivations had already left Sunfire City with their sects.
To these mortals, the sect wars between martial artists didn't have much to do with them. If it was any other day, they would still live. No matter who ruled this continent, they wouldn't make things difficult for these mortals.
Xi Youqin smashed a tile-roofed house, but the purple flames continued to burn. The people outside were unable to approach.
But there were still some martial artists left in Sunfire City. After a while, three Xiantian realm martial artists rushed over. But when they saw the purple flames, their expressions changed.
The purple flames were too fierce. These Xiantian realm martial artists didn't dare to approach. They could only watch helplessly as the flames continued to burn until the tile-roofed house was completely burned down.
"There's another person in the flames!"
"The purple flames can't burn him to death. This person must be a peerless powerhouse!"
"That's right, but I wonder where he came from. Why did he fall into our Sunfire City?"
These Xiantian realm martial artists didn't have much experience to begin with, so how could they distinguish the situation in front of them?
After a short period of unconsciousness, Xi Youqin slowly regained consciousness. Then, she entered a very strange state. Her Extreme Purple Yin Body's innate talent was rapidly activated!
Those who possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body could communicate with the Extreme Purple Realm and even cultivate there!
But every Extreme Purple Yin Body's activation time was different. For example, Si Miaoling had also activated her Extreme Purple Yin Body. It was just that Si Miaoling hadn't kept her primordial yin with Cui Xie. She had activated her Extreme Purple Yin Body because Cui Xie had found a secret method for her to forcefully activate it!
On the other hand, Xi Youqin's Primordial Yin was naturally opened after it dissipated. The effect was completely different!
The Extreme Violet Yin Body itself was divided into different grades. Although the number of Extreme Violet Yin Bodies was rare, there were countless living beings in the universe. Just the Central Domain alone could find a few of them. Therefore, there would be a considerable number of Extreme Violet Yin Bodies in the entire universe. The Extreme Violet Yin Body itself was divided into six grades.
The humans of the Upper Realm categorized these six ranks according to their colors. They were Light Purple, Green Purple, Red Purple, Azure Purple, Bright Purple, and Black Purple.
Among them, black-purple was the highest grade, while light-purple was the weakest. Xi Youqin possessed the black-purple grade, which was the best grade, the Extreme Purple Yin Body!
The higher the grade of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, the easier it would be to communicate with the Extreme Purple Realm, and the more resources one would be able to obtain from the Extreme Purple Realm. Only when a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body was opened would one be surrounded by purple flames, and no one would be able to get close to them!
These purple flames were extremely powerful. Not only those Xiantian realm warriors, even those Divine Core and False Tribulation realm warriors couldn't get close to them. Even those Life and Death realm warriors had to use all of their strength to barely resist these purple flames!
These purple flames burned for an entire day and night ….
In the Fire Sun City, this was no small matter. At first, it had attracted countless civilians, then some Xiantian Secret Realm martial artists and a few Divine Reflection Realm martial artists to investigate, but none of them could find out anything.
Finally, the remaining three Divine Core warriors in Sunfire City arrived, but they still didn't dare get close to the purple flames.
After 24 hours, one day and one night, the purple flames finally began to dissipate. Xi Youqin who was sitting cross-legged within the purple flames slowly opened her eyes. In just one day and one night, her temperament had undergone a tremendous change!
During this period of time, Xi Youqin had been cultivating in the Extreme Purple Realm. Not only did she learn about the rules of the Extreme Purple Realm, she also learned about all sorts of secrets, and she finally understood how frightening her innate talent was!
The Extreme Purple Yin Body was a special martial art. This martial art was very different from the normal martial arts. It was a shortcut, but the first step would be limited by the innate talent of the Extreme Purple Yin Body. For example, a normal Extreme Purple Yin Body with a "Light Purple" Sixth Grade would never be able to reach the height of a "Blue" Fifth Grade in their lifetime no matter how high their cultivation was!
However, Xi Youqin possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body, a First Grade Dark Purple Yin Body!
"I didn't expect there to be such a pretty little girl inside the purple flames!"
"What a pretty little girl! She has broken through to the Divine Core realm at such a young age! Could she be from some big family?"
Everyone was trying to guess Xi Youqin's identity.
Three Divine Core warriors standing not far away from her blinked their eyes. They looked at each other, then a strange smile emerged on their faces.
In the eyes of those Divine Reflection and Xiantian realm warriors, this girl was someone they couldn't afford to offend. However, in the eyes of these three men, she was nothing.
Although this girl in front of them was an Early Divine Core warrior, and although her foundation was solid, her True Yuan was extremely weak! This meant that her actual combat strength was extremely weak!
Judging from the looks of it, this girl must be from some big family, and she must be very wealthy!
According to the information they received, Cui Xie was attacking the Void Spirit Sect, and this girl might be a warrior who escaped from some Third Grade Families in the Void Sky City. Perhaps she had some treasures from those big families?
Even if she didn't have any treasures, just her pretty body alone was a treasure in their eyes!
The Divine Core warrior with a mustache walked over and asked politely, "Young lady, is there anything I can help you with?"
Xi Youqin didn't have much confidence in front of Luo Zheng. How could she possibly be nice to an ordinary warrior? She only threw a cold glance at the mustache man, then she was about to fly up to him.
However, the other two Divine Core warriors were one step ahead of her, and they blocked Xi Youqin's path.
"Young lady, why are you in such a hurry? Since you're here in the Fiery Sun City, you should rest well before you leave! "
"You're right, why don't you accompany us for a drink?"
If it was before the awakening of her Extreme Purple Yin Body, it would have been very difficult for Xi Youqin to get rid of these three men. Although these three warriors were only Early Divine Core warriors, and they were all from Second Grade Sects, so their actual combat strength was nothing to worry about. However, at that time, Xi Youqin was much weaker than them.
However, because of that one day and night, Xi Youqin had undergone a complete transformation.
"Get lost!" Xi Youqin said coldly.
"Don't be so fierce!" One of the Divine Core warriors said.
Another mustache man laughed and said, "It's okay to be fierce, I like fierce girls! Especially when a beauty is fierce, it's a totally different flavor! "
Right at this moment, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes, and the three Divine Core warriors suddenly felt a gust of wind blowing past them. After that, some dark shadows appeared in the sky.
When the three Divine Core warriors raised their heads, they immediately saw an ancient looking huge sword appearing in the sky. There were more than a hundred huge swords! Each huge sword was a few dozen meters long, and they were hanging in the sky, as if they were going to fall down at any moment.
"What, what is this?!"
"Why are there so many swords all of a sudden?!"
Xi Youqin coldly harrumphed, then the hundred huge swords all smashed towards the Divine Core warriors at the same time!
"Bam bam bam bam bam …"
The huge swords smashed onto the ground, leaving deep trenches in the ground. The Fiery-Sun City wasn't a big city, so when these huge swords smashed onto the ground, the entire city began to tremble. Those who didn't know what was going on might even think that an earthquake had occurred!
With over a hundred huge swords smashing onto the ground, how big was the area they covered? Even if these Divine Core warriors wanted to dodge, it was too late. They didn't even have the time to let out a miserable shriek before they were instantly turned into meat paste by these huge swords!
With a cold expression, Xi Youqin flew up into the sky. Although she was a warrior, this was her first time killing someone!
After flying up into the sky, a hesitant expression emerged on Xi Youqin's face. She didn't know whether she should return to the Void Sky City or Cloud Sea City. She stared at the direction where Lu Zheng disappeared, and a sad expression emerged on her face. In the end, she decided to fly back to Cloud Sea City.
Right now, Xi Youqin was very confident in her own strength. The experience she had in the Extreme Purple Realm had allowed her to understand her potential and true strength.

Chapter 690
All the other warriors in the Fiery Sun City stared coldly at the scene in front of them.
After the gigantic swords disappeared, they left behind a huge crater on the ground, and countless sword marks could be seen within the crater.
Looking at the miserable state of the three Divine Core warriors, all the other warriors felt a lingering fear in their hearts.
After the woman left, those Xiantian realm warriors started discussing with each other with fear still lingering in their hearts.
"That woman is really ruthless, she turned three Divine Core warriors into minced meat with just a single strike …"
"Luckily I ran away when I realized the situation wasn't right. If not, I would have been dragged into this as well! Don't be fooled by that woman's pretty face, she's really ruthless! "
"Sigh … this is a chaotic world, I think it's better for us not to get involved."
For one day and one night, Luo Zheng maintained a high speed as he flew back to Cloud Sea City. He was eager to return home, and he didn't want to stop for even a second. Along the way, he had replenished countless True Origin Stones.
Luo Zheng had returned from the Sea God Continent, and he wanted to return to the Cloud Hall as soon as possible. However, he didn't expect to encounter so many obstacles along the way.
A bright red glow began to shine from the horizon, and the morning sun dyed the clouds golden. Looking at Cloud Sea City in front of him, a faint smile finally emerged on Luo Zheng's face. After a long journey, he had finally returned to Cloud Sea City.
"Eh?"
When Luo Zheng approached Cloud Sea City, a doubtful expression emerged on his face.
The sky above Cloud Sea City was empty, and he couldn't see any sign of the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall leaned on a huge floating rock and floated above Cloud Sea City. It was shrouded in clouds all year round, and occasionally, the Cloud Hall would change its position. But, it would always circle above Cloud Sea City.
But now, Luo Zheng realized that the entire Cloud Hall had disappeared!
Could it be that something had happened to the Cloud Hall?
That shouldn't be the case. While flying back to Cloud Sea City, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
In the Central Domain, there weren't many forces that could threaten the Cloud Hall. After Luo Zheng arranged the Sect Protecting Great Array, apart from the Tian Xie Sect, no other force could take down the Cloud Hall.
What's more, the Tian Xie Sect was attacking the Void Spirit Sect right now. Cui Xie couldn't take care of both sides at the same time. If the Cloud Hall had been attacked before, the Xi family would have definitely told him.
It was useless to think too much about it. After Luo Zheng entered the city, he headed straight for the Cloud Sect.
The Cloud Sect was one of the 5 great 2nd Rank Sects under the Cloud Hall. However, when compared to the 2nd Rank Sects like the Blue Cloud Sect and the Misty Cloud Sect, the Cloud Sect's status was slightly higher. After all, the Cloud Sect was closely connected to the Cloud Hall. Moreover, the various clans in Ocean of Clouds City would ceaselessly send their disciples to the Cloud Sect, and the elites of the Cloud Sect were slightly more numerous than the Blue Cloud Sect and the Misty Cloud Sect.
Right after Luo Zheng entered the cave, two Divine Core warriors immediately came up to him from below.
"Who are you from the Cloud Sect?" One of the Divine Core warriors asked Luo Zheng. When he discovered that Luo Zheng was a False Tribulation warrior, a fearful expression emerged on his face.
The Sect Chief of a 2nd Rank Sect was only a Late Divine Core warrior. However, since the Cloud Sect was supported by the Cloud Hall, the Divine Core warrior wasn't worried about this man causing trouble. But, now that something had happened in the Cloud Hall, he was worried that this man would take advantage of the situation and loot it!
"Where is the Cloud Sect's Sect Chief?" Luo Zheng asked in an indifferent manner.
"Who are you? Why are you looking for our Sect Chief? "The Divine Core warrior asked again.
"Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng." Luo Zheng told them his name.
The two Divine Core warriors looked at each other. When they heard Luo Zheng's name, a panicked expression emerged in their eyes. "Luo Zheng! You're back? "
Their panicked expressions couldn't escape Luo Zheng's eyes. He was puzzled as well, why did these two men panic when they heard his name? Could it be that someone didn't want to see him back? Although he was thinking about this, his expression didn't change at all.
"That's right, where is the Cloud Sect's Sect Chief? Ask him to come see me! "Luo Zheng asked again.
"Sect Chief, Sect Chief went to the Cloud Hall …" The Divine Core warrior replied.
"Why did the Cloud Hall leave Cloud Sea City? Where is the Cloud Hall now? "Luo Zheng asked again.
The Divine Core warrior stuttered, "I, I don't know!"
Perhaps this Divine Core warrior didn't want to tell Luo Zheng where the Cloud Hall was, but he couldn't think of a way to lie to Luo Zheng. Therefore, he could only say he didn't know.
Seeing the warrior's reaction, Luo Zheng became even more suspicious. With a swoosh, he flew in front of the warrior and said with a cold voice, "You don't know? Or you don't want to tell me? Tell me, where is the Cloud Hall? "While speaking, Luo Zheng stared at the warrior. A faint killing intent emerged on his face.
The other Divine Core warrior said, "Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall is located 30 miles northwest of Cloud Sea City! You'll find the Cloud Hall if you head northwest! "
"En." Luo Zheng replied with an indifferent tone. He had guessed that something must have happened in the Cloud Hall, but he didn't want to waste his time on these two warriors. Everything would be clear once he returned to the Cloud Hall.
After Luo Zheng turned into a beam of light and left, the Divine Core warrior glared at him and said, "Why did you tell him? Now that this fiend is back, our family's plan is going to be ruined! I'm afraid we'll all be implicated! "
The other Divine Core warrior sneered, "Why didn't you tell him? Are you kidding me? It's fine if Luo Zheng didn't die in the outside world, but now he's back, and he's even broken through to the Void Tribulation realm! He was able to defeat a Divine Core genius when he was just a Divine Reflection warrior! If you didn't tell him just now, I bet he would definitely attack you, and you wouldn't even be able to withstand a single attack from him! "
The warrior fell silent, then he murmured to himself, "This is troublesome, now that Luo Zheng is back, we'll be in big trouble!"
After Luo Zheng received the news, he immediately started flying northwest. 30 miles was just a blink of an eye for Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng's heart was in his throat.
The two Divine Core warriors were definitely hiding something from him. They clearly knew the relationship between him and Ning Yudie, and if the Cloud Hall was in trouble, they wouldn't have such an expression when they saw him. Since they didn't want to see him return, then Ning Yudie must be in trouble!
Soon, Luo Zheng saw a huge floating palace in front of him. It was the Cloud Hall, and right at this moment, the barrier on the surface of the Cloud Hall was flickering with faint ripples. It was the Light of Water Barrier from the Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation that Luo Zheng had set up.
This barrier was able to withstand a full force attack from a Life and Death warrior, and even with Luo Zheng's current cultivation, he could break it apart with just a single strike.
Standing outside the barrier, Luo Zheng looked around. He didn't see any guards at the entrance of the Cloud Hall, and Luo Zheng couldn't find anyone to open the barrier for him!
Bam!
Right at this moment, a bright light flickered from deep within the Cloud Hall, followed by a violent energy fluctuation.
"Someone is attacking me inside the Cloud Hall?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
With that thought in mind, Luo Zheng circled around the Light of Water Barrier and arrived at the bottom of the barrier.
This Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation was set up by Luo Zheng himself, and he knew exactly where the eye of the formation was located.
The entire Light of Water Barrier was like a huge eggshell. It covered the entire Cloud Hall from top to bottom and from front to back. When Luo Zheng arrived at the bottom of the Cloud Hall, he gently twisted his body in midair. After circling around a few times, he easily entered the barrier. After that, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it, he simply rushed into the depths of the Cloud Hall.
Luo Zheng had guessed half of what had happened in the Cloud Hall.
Right now, the entire Cloud Hall was in a state of internal strife.
In fact, compared to other Sects in the Central Domain, the Cloud Hall's defense was the most stable. Even the Tian Xie Sect wouldn't be able to break through the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array. However, this time, the trouble came from inside the Cloud Hall!
After Ning Yudie cultivated the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra, she quickly recovered all her strength. After nine times of dissipating her cultivation, Ning Yudie could finally break through to the Life and Death Realm!
Breaking through to the Life and Death Realm wasn't difficult for Ning Yudie. The difficult part was dealing with the Life and Death Tribulation!
Warriors who entered the Life and Death Realm had to go through the Life and Death Tribulation. The difficulty of the Life and Death Tribulation varied from one warrior to another. However, there were still certain rules to follow.
The greater a warrior's potential and strength, the more terrifying the Life and Death Tribulation would be. For example, Yun Luo's Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra was extremely troublesome to cultivate. However, once she succeeded in cultivating it, her strength would be far greater than other warriors of the same level. After she broke through to the Life and Death Realm, the Life and Death Tribulation she would face would naturally be extremely terrifying!
It was at this critical juncture that the Zhuo Family of Cloud Sea City joined forces with several other third-grade families to launch a sudden attack.

Chapter 691
The rapid rise of the Cloud Hall wasn't just due to Ning Yudie alone. The strength of all the cultivators in the Cloud Hall had steadily increased.
After obtaining the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, the Cloud Hall was already ranked as a quasi fifth-grade sect. However, in the eyes of the Central Domain cultivators, the Cloud Hall was already a fifth-grade sect that wasn't inferior to the Void Spirit Sect. Even if it was inferior, it was only inferior to the Void Spirit Sect in terms of foundation.
Once Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death Realm, the Cloud Hall's status as a fifth-grade sect would be unshakable. Once Ning Yudie broke through, she would take advantage of the Cloud Hall's soaring momentum and lead the Cloud Hall to become a sixth-grade sect, giving birth to the first Holy Land in the Central Domain!
Who would have thought that when Ning Yudie was breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, the Cloud Hall would have such a serious internal strife!
The seeds of this internal strife had been sown a few decades ago.
The Cloud Hall slowly developed from the Cloud Hall. At first, the prototype of the Cloud Hall was the Cloud Sect. As the Cloud Sect continued to develop, it joined forces with the Zhuo Family, Chen Family, Fei Family, Wu Family, and other third-grade families to form the Cloud Hall.
No matter how the Cloud Hall developed, the position of the Cloud Hall's Hall Master had always been occupied by the descendants of the major families.
At that time, Granny Yu didn't come from any of these major families. Instead, she was a genius disciple from the Cloud Hall's Rosy Cloud Sect.
However, Granny Yu's cultivation was powerful and her talent was extremely high. Although the major families in the Cloud Sea City had some criticisms about Granny Yu's birth, the genius disciples of the major families were useless and couldn't compete with Granny Yu at all!
However, when it came to Ning Yudie's generation, it was different. Everyone knew about Ning Yudie's birth. Although she grew up in the Cloud Sect, she was born as an outsider. Moreover, at this time, there were many people who could shoulder the burden of the Cloud Hall. For example, Mister Zhuo and the others had the strength to compete for the position of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!
In the end, Granny Yu passed the position of Palace Master to Ning Yudie. This made the other aristocratic families very confused, especially the Zhuo family led by Mister Zhuo!
From the Zhuo family's point of view, Ning Yudie was indeed more outstanding than Mr. Zhuo in certain aspects. Under Ning Yudie's leadership, the Cloud Hall had indeed undergone considerable changes. For example, Ning Yudie had generously treated Luo Zheng and brought an unparalleled protective array to the Cloud Hall.
However, those aristocratic families were not as far-sighted as Granny Yu. Even if Ning Yudie's existence was indeed beneficial to the Cloud Hall, they should not let an outsider take charge of the Cloud Hall!
This was especially true for Mister Zhuo, who had seized every opportunity to topple Ning Yudie from her position as Hall Master. Unfortunately, Mister Zhuo had never been able to seize this opportunity.
However, Mister Zhuo now saw an opportunity.
Granny Yu, in order to find an opportunity to pass through the next life and death calamity, had gone on an expedition to Heavenly Star with the independent martial artist Venerable Nanhua. Once Granny Yu left, there was no one in the Cloud Hall to support Ning Yudie. Now, Ning Yudie wanted to break through to the Life and Death Realm.
At this time, Ning Yudie was facing a terrifying life and death calamity. She herself was facing a considerable test. Perhaps, with just a little bit of pressure from the side, she would fail the calamity!
How could Mister Zhuo let go of such a good opportunity?
Granny Yu was getting closer and closer to her life and death calamity. Since ancient times, how many people had returned from exploring the sea in search of opportunities?
Once Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death Realm and passed through the calamity, Mister Zhuo would no longer have a chance. Therefore, after scheming for a long time, Mister Zhuo finally chose to make his move.
Ning Yudie's Ice Palace was filled with slender ice spikes. The entire Ice Palace looked like a huge hedgehog!
And within the Ice Palace, there were dozens of martial artists resisting with all their strength!
Not all martial artists stood on Mister Zhuo's side. Currently, the entire Cloud Hall was divided into three factions. The first faction was led by Mister Zhuo. They were striving to seize the position of Hall Master. If they didn't succeed, they would die trying!
Once Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death Realm, the third rank families that supported Mister Zhuo would be implicated. They might even be wiped out by Ning Yudie!
The second faction was the neutral faction led by Fei Han. These elders of the Cloud Hall weren't willing to overthrow Ning Yudie, but as members of the third rank families of Cloud Sea City, they could only be said to be in a dilemma. They simply didn't help either side. Even so, Fei Han and the others were under great pressure. Take Fei Han as an example. This time, the Fei Family of Cloud Sea City fully supported Mister Zhuo. As a member of the Fei Family, Fei Han refused to help. Naturally, he was under great pressure.
As for the third faction, it was those who stood on Ning Yudie's side.
Of course, the third faction was led by Daoist Dameng. Many disciples of the younger generation were part of this faction as well. After all, these disciples of the younger generation didn't have much of a relationship with the families of Cloud Sea City. On the contrary, after joining the Cloud Hall, they had always regarded Ning Yudie as the core of the Cloud Hall.
For the past few days, Mister Zhuo had led many martial artists to attack Ning Yudie's Ice Palace. However, wave after wave of attacks were resisted by Daoist Dameng and his men.
However, the strength of the martial artists on Daoist Dameng's side wasn't very strong. After all, they didn't have the advantage in numbers. Furthermore, the younger generation of martial artists hadn't fully matured. Apart from Daoist Dameng and a few other Void Tribulation Realm elders, most of the other martial artists were only at the Divine Core realm, and some were even at the Divine Reflection realm.
It was a miracle that they were able to resist the attacks for so many days, and the person who created this miracle was none other than Hua Tianming!
Right at this moment, Hua Tianming was sitting on the square in front of the Ice Palace. He was holding a dark green longsword in his hand, and blood was flowing out from both of his eyes. The bloodstain was about 6 meters long on the square.
Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and a few other men were standing guard beside Hua Tianming. As for Daoist Dameng and the other martial artists, they had completely surrounded them!
During the past two years, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and a few other men had made great progress in their cultivation. All three of them had broken through to the Divine Core realm, and Hua Tianming had broken through to the Mid Divine Core realm.
Originally, a Mid Divine Core warrior alone wouldn't be able to change the situation.
After all, no matter how talented Hua Tianming was, it would still be difficult for him to fight a False Tribulation warrior. However, Hua Tianming had unintentionally comprehended a higher level of the Heavenly Sword!
He had comprehended the 'Sword Eye' of the Heavenly Sword, which allowed him to absorb the Force of the Heavens into his sword, allowing him to store an unlimited amount of sword intent!
As long as he was given enough time, he could even kill a Life, Death, or Divine Sea warrior with just a single thrust!
Of course, this was only in theory. Although the Force of the Heavens was powerful, Hua Tianming had a limit to how much he could absorb. If he kept using the Force of the Heavens for a long time, it would cause great damage to Hua Tianming's body. Therefore, blood was flowing out from both of his eyes!
But, because Hua Tianming was guarding the entrance of the Ice Palace, no one dared to attack him!
Hua Tianming could only unleash a single thrust with his sword, and anyone who dared to attack him would die. But, as long as anyone could withstand this attack, Hua Tianming would no longer be a threat.
But, who would be willing to withstand this attack?
The last time Hua Tianming attacked with his sword was three days ago, and he had killed the Fei family's Patriarch, Fei Longyang!
Fei Longyang was a late-stage False Tribulation Realm cultivator who cultivated the Laws of Earth, so he was probably the cultivator who was most skilled in defense in the city. Especially his Earthen Dullness technique, it even utilized the Laws of Earth to its limits. It was capable of spreading the attacks he suffered to the ground, allowing the ground to bear the brunt of the damage.
When Fei Longyang unleashed the Earth Art of Foolishness, even Daoist Dameng's attack couldn't withstand it!
It was at that exact moment that Hua Tianming unleashed the Heavens Shaking Sword.
No one had expected this disciple of the Cloud Hall, who was only a Divine Core warrior, to be able to unleash such a powerful attack!
The speed of the sword was incredibly fast, and it carried a tremendous force. Although Fei Longyang was crazily unleashing the Earth Art of Foolishness and spreading the force of the sword across the ground, with Fei Longyang as the center, the ground within a 30 meter radius was instantly turned into dust, and it still couldn't withstand Hua Tianming's sword attack.
In the end, the sword attack still pierced through Fei Longyang's defense, killing him with a single strike!
Even Fei Longyang, who was a Late Void Tribulation warrior, was killed by Hua Tianming with a single strike. So, which Void Tribulation warrior still dared to step forward? Whoever stepped forward would die!
Therefore, Mister Zhuo had no choice but to launch some meaningless attacks at the Ice Palace from afar.
"This can't go on like this!" Originally, Mister Zhuo wanted to take down Ning Yudie in a short period of time, but he didn't expect it to drag on for so long. If Ning Yudie really broke through to the Life and Death realm, all his efforts would be in vain.
"You, go up there!" Mister Zhuo pointed at a Void Tribulation warrior standing next to him. The Void Tribulation warrior was from the Shen family.
As long as they could force Hua Tianming to attack with his sword, they would be able to swarm him. In other words, they were looking for a scapegoat!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 692
When the Void Tribulation warrior from the Shen family heard this, his expression immediately changed.
Hua Tianming's sword was incredibly sharp, anyone who went up against him would die. Wasn't asking him to go up there seeking his own death?
Which Void Tribulation warrior didn't cherish their own lives?
The reason why these few big families had joined hands was to push Mister Zhuo to the position of Palace Master, but at the same time, these big families had their own motives. If they pushed Mister Zhuo to the position of Palace Master, these big families would also benefit from it.
But, it wasn't worth it for others to pay with their own lives.
"I'm not going, if you want to go, then you go!" The Void Tribulation warrior from the Shen family shook his head.
Mister Zhuo gritted his teeth and said with a cold voice, "If all of you are afraid of death, how are we going to break into the Ice Palace?!"
All the Void Tribulation warriors looked at each other, then one of them said in a low voice. "If you're not afraid of death, then you go …"
"That's right, Mister Zhuo, you can go! You'll be the first to go, and we'll follow behind you! "
"As long as you take the lead, there's no reason for us not to go!"
Mister Zhuo became even angrier when he heard their words. I was the first to rush up and get killed by that brat Hua Tianming. I'm afraid the Zhuo Clan won't get the position of Hall Master. You Shen Clan, Fei Clan, and Wu Clan are trying to take advantage of me?
"Dad, I'll go!"
The man who spoke was Mister Zhuo's eldest son, Zhuo Feiling, who was also Zhuo Bufan's older brother.
"You?" Mister Zhuo was startled, then he shook his head and said, "It's useless!"
Zhuo Feiling was just a Divine Core warrior, and even if he went up, Hua Tianming wouldn't do anything. With Zhuo Feiling's strength, he would be instantly killed by Daoist Dameng and the others.
"If none of you go up, then what do you think will happen when that bitch Ning Yudie breaks through to the Life and Death realm?" Mister Zhuo said with a cold voice.
His words caused everyone to fall silent. Since ancient times, those who failed in a rebellion always had a miserable ending. Not only would they suffer, all the big families would be severely punished as well. Although the Cloud Hall couldn't remove the names of these big families, these big families had taken root in the Cloud Hall, and once they were punished by the Cloud Hall, it would have a great impact on their families.
"Then … should we attack together?" Finally, one of them revealed a ruthless expression. This time, they had indeed thrown caution to the wind. There was no way out. It was only because no one was willing to be the first scapegoat that they had been stuck here for so long.
Mister Zhuo nodded. "Alright, we've been delayed for so long. Let's attack together. We'll definitely be able to take down the Ice Palace and kill that little b * tch, Ning Yudie!"
He had been planning this for a long time, and he had waited so long for this opportunity. Of course, he had to grasp it firmly in his hands!
"The Cloud Hall belongs to the clans of our city, not Ning Yudie!"
"Victory or defeat depends on this!"
"No, we should win! But Daoist Master Big Dream alone can't stop us! "
As long as all of them attacked at the same time, Hua Tianming would only be able to kill one of them. After Daoist Dameng was killed, everything would be settled. The remaining Void Tribulation Sect Elders were nothing to be afraid of. As for those Divine Core juniors, although they weren't afraid of death, the difference in their cultivation levels was too great.
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
After finishing their discussion, Mister Zhuo and the other men finally took the first step and charged towards the Ice Palace.
On the platform in front of the Ice Palace, Hua Tianming's eyes were still closed. Blood kept flowing out from his eyes, and he looked horrified.
"They're coming up!" With a gloomy expression, Pei Tianyao reminded Hua Tianming.
"I know." Hua Tianming took out the longsword from his chest and gripped the hilt. Although his Heavenly Sword was powerful, he could only unleash a single strike. After unleashing that strike, he would need to charge up again. Obviously, Mister Zhuo and the other men wouldn't give him the chance to charge up again.
Therefore, Hua Tianming was hesitant about who to kill with this strike. How to unleash the full power of this strike was a huge challenge for Hua Tianming.
Daoist Dameng and the other Sect Elders were standing on the side with serious expressions on their faces. They knew that if Mister Zhuo really led all of his men and charged towards the Ice Palace, their chances of winning would be very small.
However, the people standing here were all people who had pledged their lives to follow Ning Yudie!
Since they had chosen to stand here, they were prepared to give up their lives!
"Draw your weapons!"
"Zeng, zeng, zeng!"
On the platform, everyone had already made their preparations to welcome the slaughter below.
The air was filled with killing intent, and the distance between the two sides was constantly closing. At this moment, Hua Tianming suddenly moved.
It looked like Hua Tianming was sitting on the ground, but in reality, he was two inches off the ground. At this moment, Hua Tianming was sliding along the ground, constantly adjusting his position.
Seeing Hua Tianming move, Mister Zhuo and the other False Tribulation Realm experts' expressions changed. With Hua Tianming's strike, someone would definitely die! As for who would die, it would depend on who Hua Tianming chose to attack!
"Charge, stop him from thrusting his sword!" someone shouted.
All of the False Tribulation Realm experts charged towards Hua Tianming with extreme speed. At this moment, Daoist Dameng and the other Sect Elders also stood in front!
After Hua Tianming adjusted his angle, his eyes, which were constantly bleeding, suddenly opened!
In his pitch-black eyes, there were two faint sword shadows. These sword shadows were brewing in his eyes, causing his gaze to be unusually sharp. If anyone met his gaze, they would feel an unbearable pain, as if their eyes were being pierced by needles!
After opening his eyes, Hua Tianming suddenly attacked!
"Scatter!"
When Mister Zhuo saw Hua Tianming facing him, he was immediately scared out of his wits. He had planned for a long time and was about to obtain the Palace Master's position. If he were to be assassinated by Hua Tianming at this moment, he would truly be wronged. Even if he were to become a ghost, he wouldn't be willing!
Just as Mister Zhuo was desperately dodging, Hua Tianming's sword had already pierced out!
Suddenly, a strange aura spread out from Hua Tianming's eyes. This aura was majestic and spirited. Anyone who stood in front of him would feel insignificant!
This kind of feeling was produced when a Sect Elder was alone and looked up at the heavens!
Hua Tianming's accumulated aura of the heavens erupted at this moment. Everyone suddenly felt as if the heavens and earth had been turned upside down. At this moment, Hua Tianming represented the heavens and everything!
Although everyone knew that this was only an illusion caused by Hua Tianming's attack, their minds were still affected by Hua Tianming's aura.
"Whoosh!"
An extremely sharp sword light pierced through the air!
This sword ray was extremely fast, and there was no time to dodge. Everyone only felt a flash of light in front of their eyes, and then three sounds rang in their ears.
"Pu pu pu!"
These were the sounds of bodies being pierced by the sword ray!
It was as if time had frozen at this moment. No matter if it was Daoist Dameng or Mister Zhuo, they were all frozen on the spot. All the other Sect Elders were frozen on the spot as well.
After a short while, the bodies of the three Void Tribulation Realm warriors swayed. Their eyes were filled with unwillingness and anger.
"Why, why is it me …"
Plop, plop, plop …
A single thrust of the sword had killed three Void Tribulation Realm warriors! Hua Tianming was only a Mid Divine Core warrior. One had to admit that the Heavenly Sword cultivated by Hua Tianming was extremely heaven defying! Even Luo Zheng, who had just broken through to the War Reverend realm, was unable to do this!
"Fei, Fei Cheng!"
"Wu Xiaoran!"
A few angry roars sounded out from Mister Zhuo's group.
Looking at this scene, Mister Zhuo let out a long sigh of relief. Luckily, Hua Tianming's attack wasn't aimed at him, or else he would be a corpse lying on the ground right now …
"Charge! Kill that guy! "Mister Zhuo gritted his teeth and shouted out.
All the remaining Void Tribulation Realm warriors were enraged. They were all warriors from third rank families, and the man who was killed was their brother. How could they not be angry at this moment?
Most importantly, after Hua Tianming unleashed the attack, he needed a long time to gather his strength. After unleashing the attack, he would only be an ordinary Divine Core warrior, and he posed no threat to a Void Tribulation warrior.

Chapter 693
Hua Tianming's attack just now was meant to kill Mister Zhuo!
Mister Zhuo was their leader, and it was because of his ambition that all third ranked families in Cloud Sea City had gathered together.
However, right before he attacked, Hua Tianming changed his mind.
Even if he killed Mister Zhuo, it wouldn't change the entire situation. If he lost this battle, even if he went to Mister Zhuo, there would be someone else who would take his place!
That was why Hua Tianming chose a tricky angle to kill the three Void Tribulation warriors. But even so, the effect wasn't great.
Daoist Dameng and Mister Zhuo's strength were on par with each other, and they quickly engaged in a fierce battle. However, the number of Void Tribulation warriors on their side was still much greater than Hua Tianming's.
As for Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and the other Divine Core warriors, they were no match for the Void Tribulation warriors. In just the blink of an eye, they were defeated.
Swoosh!
A Void Tribulation warrior finally broke through the line of defense. He was holding a green blade in his hand as he charged towards Hua Tianming.
"You killed my little brother, so you can die as well!"
After saying that, the Void Tribulation warrior swung his blade at Hua Tianming's head with an extremely powerful aura.
Hua Tianming lightly drew a line on the ground, then he struck out with his sword once again.
With a "ding" sound, this sword was easily blocked by the other party.
Hua Tianming's strength came from the Sword Eye of the Heavenly Sword. Without the Sword Eye, he was no match for a Void Tribulation warrior.
Just as his sword was blocked by his opponent, the opponent turned around and punched Hua Tianming right in the chest.
"Boom!"
The Void Tribulation warrior's punch landed on Hua Tianming's chest, causing it to cave in. He was thrown backwards, and only stopped after rolling a few dozen times on the ground. Hua Tianming laid on the ground, gasping for breath. His eyes were filled with stubbornness.
Choosing this path was the result of a discussion between him, Pei Tianyao, and Red Maple.
The main reason why he chose to support Ning Yudie was because of Luo Zheng.
They knew about the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. At first, the three of them were hesitant, but even the timid Red Maple stood up. Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao had no reason not to do so!
As for whether their choice was right or wrong, Hua Tianming did not know. Perhaps, as a martial artist, one did not necessarily have to weigh everything in terms of benefits. As the saying goes, there are some things to do and some not to do. This was the logic behind it.
"A young Divine Core warrior is actually able to kill a False Tribulation warrior? What a pity, I wonder how far you'll grow in the future!" The False Tribulation warrior slowly walked towards Hua Tianming, the blade in his hand was flickering with a cold light.
At this moment, an agile figure rushed out. That figure was so fast that it was dazzling.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Because it was moving so fast, it created countless clones that surrounded the False Tribulation warrior. This man was Red Maple!
A strange movement skill like this could be considered outstanding amongst all Divine Core warriors, but for a False Tribulation warrior, it was just a piece of cake. Just as Red Maple was moving around the False Tribulation warrior, the False Tribulation warrior suddenly punched out.
"Bang!"
The punch accurately located Red Maple among all the clones!
With just a single punch, Red Maple was sent flying away.
A faint smile emerged on the False Tribulation warrior's face. "A strange movement skill indeed. Even when I was a Divine Core warrior, I couldn't have such a strange movement skill. Too bad, your cultivation base is too weak!"
Right after he finished speaking, a huge palm suddenly appeared above his head. The palm was so huge that it looked like a real palm, and it forcefully slapped downward.
"Hmph!"
The False Tribulation warrior didn't even raise his head. He simply slashed upward with his blade. A massive blade beam formed from True Yuan instantly shattered the palm!
Pei Tianyao's attack couldn't stop the False Tribulation warrior from moving forward.
Soon, the False Tribulation warrior arrived in front of Hua Tianming. He stepped on Hua Tianming's hand, and placed his blade on Hua Tianming's neck. "Too bad, if you didn't choose to stand on Ning Yudie's side, you would have become a powerful warrior of the Cloud Hall in the future! Since you've chosen to die, don't blame me for granting you death! "
The current Hua Tianming could be considered as a Divine Realm genius. Killing Hua Tianming would be a great loss to the Cloud Hall. After all, they were only here to obtain the position of Palace Master, not to destroy the Cloud Hall!
However, since Hua Tianming had chosen to stand on Ning Yudie's side, they couldn't be blamed for this.
A determined expression emerged on Hua Tianming's face. However, he had a resolute heart. Since he had taken this step, he had already mentally prepared himself for failure.
Looking at the rapidly descending blade, Hua Tianming closed his eyes.
But after a short moment, the blade still didn't descend …
Hua Tianming furrowed his brows. 'Is this guy going to mock me before killing me?'
Just as Hua Tianming opened his eyes, he saw a hand grabbing the edge of his saber. The saber was only a few inches away from him, but it couldn't move any further.
"Who is it? Who can grab the blade of a False Tribulation Realm expert with their bare hands? "
Hua Tianming turned his head to look. His eyes suddenly emitted a bright light, and a faint smile appeared on his face. He had imagined that Luo Zheng would come back, but he didn't expect Luo Zheng to appear at this juncture. Hua Tianming smiled faintly and said, "You're back."
Luo Zheng nodded. The hand that grabbed the blade slightly exerted force, and the high-grade immortal tool bent in Luo Zheng's hand. The tough blade was as fragile as a piece of paper. "Yes, I'm back!"
Everyone was still immersed in the battle, so they didn't notice the movement here. Only Red Maple's face revealed an ecstatic smile. Pei Tianyao let out a long breath and said faintly in his heart, 'Hua Tianming, we made the right choice!'
As for the False Tribulation Realm expert in front of him, he was completely stunned. He stared blankly at the bent blade in his hand, and then at Luo Zheng, as if he couldn't react.
"I'm Luo Zheng, I'm back!" This time, Luo Zheng suddenly roared at everyone. With the infusion of True Essence, Luo Zheng's voice was immediately heard clearly by everyone.
When the martial artists who were still fighting heard this fierce roar, they stopped one after another.
Even Daoist Dameng and Mister Zhuo pushed each other away. Their eyes gathered on Luo Zheng's face.
Of course, the two's expressions were completely different. When Daoist Dameng saw Luo Zheng, a smile suddenly appeared on his face. At the same time, he said, "Luo Zheng! You … are already in the False Tribulation Realm! "
Mister Zhuo's face was unsightly at this moment.
Just now, Hua Tianming made a move and killed three False Tribulation Realm experts with one sword. However, he himself was safe and sound. He knew that the position of Cloud Hall's Hall Master was already his! As long as he entangled Daoist Dameng and waited for the others to clean up these experts, he could break into the Ice Palace and kill Ning Yudie!
Everything was going according to plan. In a few days, the entire Cloud Hall would be his! With the protection of the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, Mister Zhuo wasn't afraid even in the face of the Lascivious Sect. After becoming the Cloud Hall's Hall Master, he used the Cloud Hall's resources to make a breakthrough. His future prospects were almost limitless!
But at this time, that damned Luo Zheng actually came back at this critical moment?
Wasn't he dead?
Although most people in the Cloud Hall believed that Luo Zheng wasn't dead, Mister Zhuo stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng was dead without a doubt. There was absolutely no possibility of him coming back.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng standing not too far away and had even broken through to the False Tribulation Realm, how could Mister Zhuo not be shocked?
The expressions of many third-rank aristocratic families' experts were also uncertain. This Luo Zheng suddenly came back to kill them. How should they deal with him?
"Hmph, Luo Zheng! So what if you're back? You're only in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Do you think you can turn the tide by yourself? What a joke! Attack, kill him! "Mister Zhuo ordered.
"That's right, it's just another False Tribulation Realm warrior! They're no match for us! "
"Let's join forces and kill him first!"
Mister Zhuo's words were very useful. There were too few warriors standing on Ning Yudie's side, and most of them were just Divine Core juniors. Now that Luo Zheng was here, they couldn't turn the situation around.

Chapter 694
Four Void Tribulation Realm warriors were attacking Luo Zheng at the same time, and two of them were Mid Void Tribulation Realm warriors. This was enough to show how much importance they attached to Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng was still at the Divine Reflection realm, he was able to suppress those Divine Core geniuses. Now that he had broken through to the Void Tribulation realm, no one knew how strong he had become.
However, in their minds, no matter how strong Luo Zheng was, with four Void Tribulation Realm warriors attacking him at the same time, he wouldn't be able to fight back.
Daoist Great Dream's expression changed. He lifted his leg and his figure became erratic. Just as he was about to use the Phantom God Steps to help Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo stabbed out with his spear. It was this spear that forced Daoist Great Dream back!
Everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and the others had worried expressions on their faces. Even if Luo Zheng's cultivation had skyrocketed in the past two years, there was no way he could fight back against four Void Tribulation Realm warriors by himself.
Facing the four Void Tribulation Realm warriors, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. His body was like a fallen leaf floating on water, constantly stretching and drifting in the air!
"Is this an illusion?"
"Or is this some kind of special movement skill?"
Various thoughts flashed through the minds of the four Void Tribulation Realm warriors.
But since they had already attacked, and Luo Zheng wasn't dodging, how could they let go of this opportunity?
For a moment, all sorts of attacks were thrown at Luo Zheng!
However, something strange happened. It was as if none of the attacks could touch Luo Zheng!
It looked like the weapons in their hands were either slashing or stabbing at Luo Zheng's body, but it was as if Luo Zheng's body didn't exist. It was as if their weapons were slashing at the air.
Although Daoist Dameng was being held back by Mister Zhuo, when he glanced around, a shocked expression emerged on his face.
"This is the Law of Space! Daoist Master Dameng couldn't help but exclaim in surprise. Where did Luo Zheng go these past two years?
Although Mister Zhuo was entangled with Daoist Master Dameng, his mind was also on Luo Zheng. Seeing Luo Zheng's inconceivably strange movement technique, how intense was the shock in his eyes?
"This kid …" Mister Zhuo suddenly had a bad premonition. He seemed to have underestimated this kid.
From the first time he saw Luo Zheng, Mr. Zhuo realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng!
At that time, Mr. Zhuo had thought that Luo Zheng was just a little guy who had climbed up from the Blue Cloud Sect. At the entrance of the Road of Trials, he had wanted to take action against Luo Zheng.
Who would have thought that Ning Yudie would directly slap him in the face and tell him to get lost!
At that time, Mr. Zhuo had already wanted to kill Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng had risen like a comet in the Central Domain. This kid's strength had grown at a speed ten times faster than he had imagined! When Luo Zheng had been in the Divine Reflection Realm, he had already made Mr. Zhuo feel a sense of crisis.
He hadn't expected that after disappearing for two years, he would return as a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. Plus, with this strength … Could Mr. Zhuo defeat Luo Zheng?
Mr. Zhuo didn't have an answer in his heart. However, after a breath, the answer floated clearly in his mind!
Bang, bang, bang, bang!
In an instant, Luo Zheng threw out four punches, sending the four False Tribulation Realm martial artists flying!
These False Tribulation Realm martial artists didn't have the strength to fight back in front of Luo Zheng. After they fell heavily to the ground, they either sat or lay down. Their faces were as white as paper. Clearly, their injuries weren't light!
When Luo Zheng was still a general, he was already able to fight against the peak war elder in the Sin Tower. Furthermore, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the Nihility Tribulation Realm, and was also a war elder expert. It was not too difficult for him to deal with these early and middle stage Nihility Tribulation Realm warriors.
However, what Luo Zheng thought was normal was abnormal in the eyes of others!
Everyone on the platform was stunned. They felt that they were not facing a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, but a Life and Death Realm peerless powerhouse! Only a Life and Death Realm martial artist could easily crush a False Tribulation Realm martial artist.
Hua Tianming said with a faint smile on his face. "Luo Zheng's strength is still normal …"
In the beginning, when Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian warrior, he was able to fight with Divine Reflection Realm martial artists. But, after breaking through to the Divine Reflection Realm, he was able to suppress Divine Core warriors. In fact, the higher one's cultivation level was, the harder it was to maintain this advantage. After all, all the martial artists who could cultivate to the False Tribulation Realm were geniuses amongst geniuses.
This was also the reason why Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Daoist Dameng were so worried.
But now, they understood that Luo Zheng was still able to maintain this huge advantage. According to their calculations, Luo Zheng did indeed have the strength to fight with Life and Death Realm martial artists!
Life and Death Realm martial artists … they were the strongest existences in this continent. Even Ning Yudie was still trying to break through to the Life and Death Realm. No one expected that after missing for two years, Luo Zheng would possess such frightening strength.
Everyone sighed in their minds.
As for Mister Zhuo, the answer in his mind had finally become clear. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could easily crush him!
His heart sank, and the hearts of all the martial artists who came with him sank as well.
Luo Zheng looked at Mister Zhuo and said, "Give up resisting, and you'll be given a lighter punishment. If you resist again, you'll be killed without mercy!"
Many False Tribulation Realm martial artists were hesitating. Just now, Luo Zheng had casually shown his strength, and it had planted a seed of fear in their hearts. Many of them were slightly shaken.
"Even if you give up resisting, he won't let you go!" Mister Zhuo's words made all of them tighten their grip on their weapons. They were plotting a rebellion, and any rebellion in a sect was punishable by death! It was the same as a rebellion in a mortal's Imperial Palace. You've already decided to overthrow someone, and you're expecting them to let you go?
Hearing Mister Zhuo's words, Luo Zheng sneered. He took a step forward, crossing layers of space and heading straight for Mister Zhuo. This person was the source of the chaos!
The current situation was different from before. Just now, Hua Tianming didn't kill Mister Zhuo because even if he did, he wouldn't be able to change the situation. But now, Luo Zheng could completely suppress the current situation, so as long as Mister Zhuo was killed, it would be difficult for the others to resist!
Seeing Luo Zheng chasing after him, Mister Zhuo shot backwards!
"Escape? Let's see where you can escape to! "
The Abundant Light enveloped the entire Cloud Hall, so it was impossible for Mister Zhuo to escape from the barrier. Mister Zhuo had just entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and was only equivalent to a War Reverend of the eighth or ninth stage! How could he be Luo Zheng's opponent!
Being chased by Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo's face was full of regret. He thought that he had calculated everything, but he had missed this guy.
As a member of the Cloud Hall, how could Mister Zhuo not know how terrifying Luo Zheng was?
As long as this guy didn't fall, in the future, who in the Central Domain could be his opponent?
But Mister Zhuo wasn't an immortal. It was impossible for him to calculate that Luo Zheng would return, and at this critical juncture!
"Luo Zheng, let me go! I will change my name and never set foot in the Central Domain again! "Mister Zhuo fled while begging Luo Zheng behind him.
"You wish. Actually, I've wanted to kill you for a long time, but as an elder of the Cloud Hall, I can't do it. Today, you pushed yourself into a desperate situation. What's the use of begging for mercy now?" Luo Zheng said coldly. His figure constantly shuttled through space. Every time he shuttled through space, he got closer to Mister Zhuo!
"If you kill me, my Zhuo Family and the Cloud Hall will be irreconcilable! All the aristocratic families in the Cloud Sea City will become enemies with the Cloud Hall! "Mister Zhuo threatened again.
"You're just a small third-rank aristocratic family. How could the other aristocratic families in the Cloud Sea City be like your Zhuo Family? Dream on! "Luo Zheng retorted. At this moment, he was only three meters away from Mister Zhuo.
"Die!" Seeing that he couldn't escape, Mister Zhuo suddenly turned around and pulled out a black spear. He turned around and stabbed it at Luo Zheng. "Sun Extinguishing Spear!"
When this spear stabbed out, the spear tip emitted a light that seemed to be able to steal the radiance of the sun and moon. Its might was extremely shocking. As one of the strongest elders of the Cloud Hall, Mister Zhuo's strength was unquestionable.
Facing Mister Zhuo's full strength spear, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He sneered and directly grabbed the spear tip with his palm. He pushed hard. This high-grade immortal artifact instantly bent under Luo Zheng's push, and at the same time, it started to break into pieces.
Seeing this scene, Mister Zhuo's heart sank into the abyss. The difference in strength between him and Luo Zheng was even greater than he had imagined.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 695
With his weapon broken by Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo's eyes flashed with a hint of pleading. He immediately said, "Luo Zheng, I am an elder of the Cloud Hall. Even if it is a rebellion, Ning Yudie will be the one to deal with it! I … surrender! You can't kill me! "
Hearing Mister Zhuo's words, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of hesitation.
Strictly speaking, this was true. After all, Mister Zhuo was one of the pillars of the Cloud Hall. His status and identity were higher than Luo Zheng's. In fact, Luo Zheng was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall and had not been promoted to a position like a deacon.
Mister Zhuo also understood that as long as he was not killed by Luo Zheng, he could let the entire Zhuo family influence Ning Yudie and save his life. As long as he did not die, there was still a chance for him to rise again. After all, the lifespan of a martial artist was too long. Who knew what the situation would be like in a few hundred years?
Many people of the Cloud Hall were watching this scene from various windows and corners of the Cloud Hall.
In this rebellion, most of the disciples of the Cloud Hall chose to be neutral. After all, this rebellion involved the internal strife between the higher-ups and had little to do with the lower-level martial artists of the Cloud Hall.
"Oh my god, Luo Zheng is back, and he is chasing Mister Zhuo with his bare hands!"
"This kid is really a monster. He disappeared for two years and just came back, and he can actually fight with Mister Zhuo!"
"Are you blind? Mister Zhuo has no power to fight back. This is not a fight, this is a crushing, understand? "
For most of the people of the Cloud Hall, the ownership of the Cloud Hall was not important. So at this time, they were watching this with the mentality of watching a show.
Of course, some of the children of aristocratic families were not in a good mood, especially some of the children of the Zhuo family. When they saw Great Master Zhuo being beaten back by Luo Zheng, their faces were as ugly as they could be. However, their cultivation was too low, and the difference in strength was too great, so they could not participate in this.
Zhuo Bufan, who was in the Elite Hall, watched in a daze as his father was chased by Luo Zheng and even begged for mercy. His face was extremely gloomy!
The way he looked at Luo Zheng was also extremely complicated!
How arrogant was Zhuo Bufan when he was on the path of the trial-takers?
At that time, who else could Zhuo Bufan be but me? Among the younger generation of disciples, who could rival him? At that time, Zhuo Bufan did not take Luo Zheng seriously at all!
But two years had passed. In just two years, Luo Zheng had grown to a level that even his father found difficult to contend with, while he himself was still lingering in the Divine Reflection Realm. Even Hua Tianming and the others were far inferior to him...
How could Zhuo Bufan not hate him?
In fact, Zhuo Bufan had a Heaven-grade talent, and his cultivation speed should not have been so slow. However, at that time, one of his hands was crippled by Luo Zheng in the Cloud Hall, and his martial arts heart was greatly damaged. Under the double psychological and physical blow, Zhuo Bufan was depressed for a long time!
At this time, Zhuo Bufan wanted to rush up and stand in front of his father. Unexpectedly, a member of the Zhuo family next to him held him down from behind and shook his head at Zhuo Bufan, indicating that he should not act rashly. Luo Zheng's strength had already exceeded their imagination. Zhuo Bufan would only be asking for humiliation if he went up.
In mid-air, Luo Zheng thought for a moment. The hesitation in his eyes disappeared in a flash, and then a murderous look appeared on his face. "You're right. I can't kill you, but I can kill you on behalf of Ning Yudie!"
After that, Luo Zheng sneered and rushed toward Mister Zhuo again.
Luo Zheng knew very well that raising a tiger would only invite calamity. Mister Zhuo was very cunning. He had been the one who had targeted him several times in the Cloud Hall.
What's more, this time, his goal was to kill Ning Yudie!
There was no problem in seizing the position of the Cloud Hall. With Luo Zheng's current vision, a mere Cloud Hall was not very attractive to him. However, if this person wanted to kill Ning Yudie, he was courting death!
There were not many women in the world who were worthy of Luo Zheng's attention, but Ning Yudie was one of them. If anyone touched her, it would be tantamount to touching Luo Zheng's reverse scale.
When Cui Xie captured Luo Yan, Luo Zheng was no match for him, but he did not show any mercy. Moreover, Mister Zhuo was far inferior to Cui Xie.
Seeing Luo Zheng rushing toward him, Mister Zhuo's heart sank. He said with grief and indignation, "Luo Zheng, you're ruthless!"
"You're right. Since you dared to have designs on Ning Yudie, you should be prepared to die!" Luo Zheng had already taken out the long sword in his hand.
Seeing the sword light shining from the treasured sword, Mister Zhuo's face was full of despair. "Who is Ning Yudie to you? Is she worthy of your protection? Whatever she can give you, I can give you too! "
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword. His sword intent spread out in the shape of a crescent and covered Mister Zhuo. Then Luo Zheng said with a faint smile, "Sorry, I'm not interested!"
Mister Zhuo took out another spare long spear from his sumeru ring and blocked Luo Zheng's sword intent. Realizing that he could not persuade Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo's face was full of madness. He roared, "Luo Zheng, you're nothing but Ning Yudie's exclusive property. The Cloud Hall is unfair, Ning Yudie is unfair!"
Knowing that he could not escape death, Mister Zhuo could only roar unwillingly. Now, he was doing his best to smear Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's reputation.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face showed surprise. At the same time, he said with a faint smile, "It seems that you were the one who spread the rumors in the Cloud Hall early on?"
When Luo Zheng first entered the Cloud Hall, because of Ning Yudie's special care, rumors slowly spread among the disciples, deacons, and elders. Some Cloud Hall disciples made groundless accusations that Luo Zheng was Ning Yudie's exclusive property and that Ning Yudie had taken a fancy to him.
"Yes, it's me. Am I wrong? You're a pair of adulterers! "Mister Zhuo brandished his long spear and counterattacked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng raised his hand and easily blocked Mister Zhuo's spear. Then, he slashed out three times in a row. His long sword was a high-grade sacred tool. How could Mister Zhuo's high-grade immortal tool block it? In an instant, Luo Zheng cut his sword into several pieces.
"You're wrong." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Mister Zhuo threw away the broken long spear and took out another long spear. He said coldly, "You dare to do it, but you don't dare to admit it. Luo Zheng, you're just so-so!"
This was Mister Zhuo's last resort. He couldn't defeat Luo Zheng in a direct confrontation, so he could only use such words to force Luo Zheng to distract him. Maybe he could give himself a chance to defeat Luo Zheng!
But how strong was Luo Zheng's state of mind?
He casually stabbed out with his sword. Mister Zhuo couldn't see through this move, "No Style", let alone block it. The long sword hit Mister Zhuo's chest and penetrated his heart. "I'm not Ning Yudie's exclusive property. I should put it another way. Ning Yudie is my woman."
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng pulled out the long sword, and blood spurted out from Mister Zhuo's chest. Then his body fell down like a kite with a broken string.
A heart-wrenching cry came from below. "Father!" That person was Zhuo Bufan, who was watching the battle below.
Luo Zheng glanced at Zhuo Bufan indifferently, and then flew toward the Ice Palace, leaving the people in the Cloud Hall still in shock.
They were not shocked because Luo Zheng had killed Zhuo Bufan. They were shocked because of Luo Zheng's last words. Ning Yudie was his woman?
Not to mention whether this was true or not, he dared to say this in front of so many people. This was …
Everyone could no longer describe their feelings at this time. Ning Yudie's reputation was not only in the Cloud Hall, but also in the entire Central Domain. First of all, she had a peerless appearance, unparalleled talent and status. She was an absolutely perfect woman. In their hearts, she would always be the high and mighty Hall Master, but she had actually become Luo Zheng's woman?
This sounded unbelievable to them.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng heard Xun's voice. "Hey, since when did Ning Yudie become your woman?"
Luo Zheng replied with a faint smile, "Who doesn't know how to boast?"
The Ice Palace was located at the highest point in the Cloud Hall. Although many Divine Core Sect Elders didn't leave the platform, they could see the result of the battle. Zhuo Bufan had been killed by Luo Zheng. As for the other Sect Elders who participated in the rebellion, they had completely given up on resisting.

Chapter 696
Luo Zheng didn't care about these things. Pei Tianyao and Red Maple were recuperating, so Luo Zheng didn't want to disturb them. He walked towards Daoist Dameng and asked, "How is Palace Master?"
Daoist Dameng nodded at Luo Zheng. He knew why Luo Zheng was worried, so he said, "Palace Master should be fine."
"If she's fine, why did these guys dare to act rashly?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
If Ning Yudie was fine, even if Mister Zhuo was given a hundred guts, he wouldn't dare to rebel. Something must have happened to Ning Yudie, and this was what worried Luo Zheng the most.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Daoist Master Dameng Dream realized that Luo Zheng had misunderstood. Thus, he hurriedly explained, "The Hall Master is undergoing a life and death tribulation. That's why these guys are taking advantage of him!"
"Life and death tribulation!" Luo Zheng was shocked, then asked, "What about Grandma Yu?"
Even if Ning Yudie was trying to break through to Life and Death Realm, with Grandma Yu overseeing the Cloud Hall, how could Mister Zhuo have a chance?
"Grandma Yu went out to look for opportunities …" In fact, Daoist Dameng had also advised Ning Yudie not to try to break through to Life and Death Realm at this time. Not to mention Mister Zhuo's rebellion, this Cloud Hall didn't have a pillar to oversee the situation. If she encountered any trouble, it would be difficult to deal with it.
However, Ning Yudie insisted on breaking through at this time. The Tian Xie Sect was growing stronger day by day. She wanted to enter Life and Death Realm as soon as possible. Perhaps, she would have a chance to fight against Cui Xie!
He didn't expect that Ning Yudie's attempt to break through to Life and Death Realm would lead to such a big dispute. If not for Luo Zheng's sudden appearance, Mister Zhuo might have already led his people into the Ice Palace.
"I want to go in and take a look." Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of worry. He himself hadn't gone through a life and death tribulation, but he already knew that the death rate was very high. Every life and death tribulation was like walking around the gates of hell. If one's strength wasn't strong enough and rashly tried to pass the tribulation, there was a high chance of dying.
"This … Palace Master strictly ordered that no one is allowed to enter the Ice Palace while she's undergoing tribulation," Daoist Dameng said.
Luo Zheng shook his head and walked towards Ning Yudie. Daoist Master Dameng originally wanted to stop him, but looking at Luo Zheng's back, he didn't dare to say anything. If it weren't for Luo Zheng, the one walking in at this time would probably be Great Teacher Zhuo. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to harm Ning Yudie, so since he wanted to go in, Daoist Master Dameng would let him.
The Ice Palace was filled with dense ice mist. After pushing open the door and entering, Luo Zheng couldn't see anything. Immediately, Luo Zheng operated his Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils and could see the scene not far away.
Ning Yudie was sitting cross-legged on the ground, wearing only a thin layer of clothing. Her entire body was encased in an icicle!
Two years …
Luo Zheng stared blankly at Ning Yudie, a trace of pity appearing on his face. In two years, Ning Yudie's appearance hadn't changed in the slightest. She still retained her incomparably beautiful appearance.
After circling around the ice pillar, Xun quietly came out of Luo Zheng's body and condensed behind him. She glanced at Ning Yudie and said indifferently, "She's already at the final juncture of breaking through to Life and Death Realm. Once she breaks through, a life and death tribulation will descend."
Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and asked, "What exactly is a life and death tribulation? Is it really as terrifying as the legends say? "
"Actually, life and death tribulation is also what you Central Domain call it. In the previous session, we called this tribulation minor tribulation," Xun explained.
"Minor tribulation?"
"Yes, after Life and Death Realm, you'll face a minor tribulation. A martial artist's cultivation is originally going against the heavens, breaking through the limits of life and creating a supreme true body. Since it's going against the heavens, after cultivating to a certain point, you'll face the punishment of the heavens! The stronger the cultivation, the heavier the punishment. That's why there's a difference between minor tribulation and major tribulation! "Xun said slowly.
"Every tribulation in Life and Death Realm is a minor tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Xun sized up Ning Yudie, but suddenly shook her head, "This Ning Yudie's minor tribulation will be extremely terrifying. I'm afraid it'll be difficult for her to pass!"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
If it were someone else, Xun would definitely say that this person was overestimating himself. His talent was not strong enough, yet he still dared to cultivate this kind of technique. He was simply courting death.
Xun knew Luo Zheng's character very well. He was actually most concerned about Ning Yudie, so naturally, Xun would not say it so sarcastically. However, after thinking about it, she came up with the right words and said, "The technique she's cultivating is a technique that focuses on dispersing one's cultivation. This technique is very heaven-defying. Once it's cultivated, her strength will be far stronger than martial artists of the same level."
Luo Zheng nodded, "She's cultivating the 'Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra'. This technique is also very powerful, but it's difficult for ordinary people to cultivate."
"Difficult to cultivate is only one of the problems," Xun shook her head, "In the Upper Realm, very few people cultivate techniques that require dispersing one's cultivation. This is because this type of technique will bring about a more powerful tribulation, so many martial artists choose to avoid it."
Xun's words puzzled Luo Zheng. Back then, Qinglong had also noticed that the 'Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra' was not ordinary, but he did not tell Luo Zheng about it. "Qinglong, you didn't mention it back then!"
Qinglong, who had been silent for a long time, thought about it, then said, "Actually, there's a way to eliminate the negative effects of dispersing one's cultivation nine times … but …"
"But she's already started to break through to Life and Death Realm, so there's no chance." Xun suddenly laughed.
"Little girl, don't keep us in suspense. If that's the case, Luo Zheng has a solution too," Qinglong said again.
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "What solution? How come I don't know about it? "
When Luo Zheng asked, Qinglong and Xun fell silent again. Xun only said, "Although this minor tribulation is powerful, Ning Yudie's cultivation technique is not ordinary. It's not necessarily impossible for her to withstand the power of the minor tribulation. If she really can't withstand it, I'll tell you the solution!"
Since Xun said so, and Qinglong looked very confident, Luo Zheng did not pursue the matter. It was not the first time these guys had been so secretive. Luo Zheng had long been used to it …
Standing in the ice fog, Luo Zheng accompanied Ning Yudie for more than twenty hours. Unknowingly, a day and a night had passed. Ning Yudie still maintained the same sitting posture, sitting upright in the icicle.
At this moment, cracks finally began to appear on the huge icicle. These cracks spread rapidly. Soon, the icicle began to disintegrate little by little, turning into countless flying ice shards and falling down rapidly.
When the icicle disappeared, the sky outside the Ice Palace suddenly flashed with dazzling light, followed by deafening thunder. In the blink of an eye, the sky was covered by dark clouds!
"Is the minor tribulation coming?" Hearing the thunder outside, Luo Zheng could not help but ask.
Xun nodded and replied, "Yes, this is the vision of heaven and earth brought by the minor tribulation!"
"A minor tribulation is already so terrifying. What about the major tribulation?" Luo Zheng felt the great power coming from the sky. Even Luo Zheng felt frightened.
Xun said with a smile, "If you are powerful enough, you can trigger nine minor tribulations. Each minor tribulation will be more powerful than the one before. After passing the nine minor tribulations, you will have to face the major tribulation when you enter the Spirit Sea Realm. As for the power of the major tribulation," Xun suddenly pouted and said, "You can't imagine it for now."
The major tribulation was still far away from Luo Zheng, but the minor tribulation was approaching. As long as Luo Zheng continued to improve his cultivation and entered the peak of the False Tribulation Realm, he would also have to face the minor tribulation.
"Boom!"
At this moment, a dragon-shaped lightning struck the roof of the Ice Palace directly!
This Ice Palace was originally built like a fortress, and now the top of the Ice Palace was covered with thick icicles. However, this lightning directly blasted a big hole in the roof of the Ice Palace. Gravel, ice, broken wooden beams and other debris immediately fell into the Ice Palace.
Of course, these things could not cause any harm to Ning Yudie. She closed her eyes tightly, and streams of cold air escaped from her body. At this moment, she was facing the major tribulation of life and death from above.
She was so focused that she could not be distracted. She did not even notice that Luo Zheng was there.
Through the big hole in the roof, Luo Zheng stared at the electric dragons hovering in the sky with a serious expression and asked, "How can these electric dragons penetrate the Bounded Domain?"

Chapter 697
The lightning dragons spiraled and slowly descended from the sky, emitting a tyrannical aura that covered the entire Cloud Hall.
After experiencing the internal strife, all the warriors in the Cloud Hall were in a state of panic. Now that they were facing such an imposing aura, it was as if the whole world was in the midst of a storm!
"The Hall Master's life and death tribulation is coming!"
"I wonder if she can survive it!"
"If the Hall Master can break through to the Life and Death Realm, it will be a good thing for our Cloud Hall!"
The Life and Death Realm was the barrier between the top experts in the Central Domain and the ordinary experts!
Judging by the current number of warriors in the Central Domain, many third grade Sects had False Tribulation Realm experts, but almost none of them had Life and Death Realm experts.
As long as there was a Life and Death Realm expert, no matter if it was a family or a Sect, it could definitely enter the ranks of fourth grade Sects. However, there were very few fourth grade Sects in the entire Central Domain. In the past, there were only Cloud Hall, Blood Wood Cliff, Mysterious Yin Mansion, and a few other Sects.
Moreover, a sect like Blood Wood Cliff indeed had a Life and Death expert in the past. However, after the Life and Death expert overseeing the sect fell during the tribulation, it was difficult for the sect to give birth to a new Life and Death expert.
From this, it could be seen that a Life and Death Realm expert had a great influence on a Sect.
Of course, a Sect's grade also needed to be measured by its comprehensive strength and foundation, but the number of experts was the most direct standard.
Luo Zheng raised his head and watched the white lightning dragons slowly descending, his face full of solemnity. The lightning dragons were so powerful, could Ning Yudie resist?
Luo Zheng was very nervous, but Xun seemed to be used to this kind of scene. She slightly looked at Luo Zheng's stiff face and said with a smile, "Don't be too nervous. Since she chose to undergo the tribulation at this time, she must be fully prepared and have great confidence."
Luo Zheng nodded and his eyes fell on Ning Yudie.
In front of the slowly descending lightning dragons, Ning Yudie's originally petite body seemed particularly small.
When the lightning dragon was less than ten feet away from her head, Ning Yudie's fair hands suddenly flipped over and a small jade tablet appeared in her hand.
She gently flipped the jade tablet, and ice phoenixes shot out from the jade tablet. Then, the cold light began to expand inch by inch, spiraling into the sky!
"What a pure Power of Law!" Looking at the Ice Phoenix in the jade token, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The Ice Phoenix contained pure Law of Ice, and Luo Zheng found the Law of Ice very unfamiliar. This meant that the Law of Ice didn't just contain the first layer of Law, but also the second layer of Law of Ice.
When the Ice Phoenixes rose into the air, they converged with the Lightning Dragons!
"Bang!"
When these two impossible Laws collided with each other, the light that erupted was extremely intense!
People in Ocean of Clouds City who were 15km away suddenly saw a dazzling ray of light appear on the horizon, and those who weren't aware of the situation would think that an enormous star had risen in the sky!
Only a very small portion of cultivators understood that it was a phenomenon of the heavens and the earth caused by the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall overcoming her life and death tribulation.
They were even more clearly aware that once Ning Yudie successfully overcame her life and death tribulation, then the situation in Ocean of Clouds City would probably be settled ….
Actually, the internal strife within the Cloud Hall didn't affect the Cloud Hall the most, and it affected Ocean of Clouds City instead.
Because most of the members of the Cloud Hall maintained a neutral attitude, and the cultivators who chose to rebel were practically the members of the various clans of Ocean of Clouds City.
They were very well aware of Ning Yudie's character. At first glance, Ning Yudie seemed like a delicate little girl. She wasn't tall, and she seemed petite and lovable. But in reality, this woman was extraordinarily forceful. Perhaps she wouldn't really remove all the clans from the list.
After all, there were too many connections between these clans and the Cloud Hall. If Ning Yudie did that, then the impact on the Cloud Hall would be too great.
But she would definitely eliminate the rebels. When it came to this, any Sect Master would be merciless.
It was exactly because of the connections between these Third Rank Clans and the Cloud Hall that some clans couldn't even flee. Not to mention that they were in troubled times now. Instead of fleeing, it was better to obediently pay for the mistakes they'd made. At the very least, these clans would still be under the protection of the Cloud Hall.
"Crack!"
Violent explosions resounded in Luo Zheng's ears. Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all, and he still stared at Ning Yudie with extreme caution.
Even though these lightning dragons were extremely formidable, it was just as Xun had said. Ning Yudie had made ample preparations. The cold light emanated from the small jade token was ceaselessly weakening the might of the lightning dragons!
Every time a layer of cold light was emitted, it would intertwine with another lightning dragon. Both sides simultaneously released the power of Law, and they melted each other!
Even though there were many lightning dragons, Ning Yudie's jade token also released a large number of ice phoenixes. Every time a lightning dragon fell, an ice phoenix would rise to meet it.
From beginning to end, not a single lightning dragon fell on Ning Yudie's body. They were all offset by the ice phoenixes.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the number of lightning dragons in the sky began to decrease. After a few sparse lightning dragons were offset by the ice phoenixes, Luo Zheng asked, "That's it?"
Xun shook her head, "Not necessarily. There are many types of Heavenly Tribulations, and their might is also different. Almost every martial artist encounters a different Heavenly Tribulation. Some martial artists only face a single wave of Heavenly Tribulation, while others often face several waves of Heavenly Tribulation. However, there is only one rule. The stronger one is, the stronger the Heavenly Tribulation!"
There were some legends among the people that believed that Heavenly Tribulation was a punishment sent down by the Heavens. In fact, this rumor was very absurd.
In fact, Heavenly Tribulation was a method of resistance by the Heavens!
As long as a powerhouse was born in this world, they would attract the attention of the Heavens. This was because the Life and Death Realm was a boundary in the path of cultivation. Breaking through the Life and Death Realm and opening the Spirit Sea, one would truly have the qualifications to threaten the Heavens!
And Heavenly Tribulation was precisely because the Heavens felt this threat that it would descend and eliminate this threat while it was still in its infancy!
There were big and small threats sensed by the Heavens. Some martial artists had amazing talent, and their strength was also extremely powerful. Naturally, the Heavenly Tribulation that descended would be extraordinarily powerful. However, some martial artists' talent was average. Relatively speaking, the Heavenly Tribulation wasn't that great.
In Xun's opinion, although Ning Yudie's 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》 was very powerful, this cultivation method itself also set up a huge obstacle for herself! Compared to other martial artists, the difficulty of her Heavenly Tribulation was much greater!
This was also one of the reasons why there were very few people in the Upper Realm who cultivated powerful cultivation methods like the 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》.
Sure enough, after Ning Yudie extinguished those lightning dragons, a new wave of power began to appear in the sky!
The rolling dark clouds slowly changed color, from black to red. The clouds in the sky were like burning clouds, as if there was a huge flame burning in the sky.
When the red clouds appeared, an invisible heat was suddenly transmitted. All the martial artists in the Cloud Hall felt the heat in the sky, and their faces changed greatly.
"This flame will not burn down the entire Cloud Hall, right?"
"I think the Hall Master shouldn't choose to undergo the Heavenly Tribulation in the Cloud Hall. The power of this Heavenly Tribulation is too great. After she passes it, the entire Cloud Hall will be destroyed!"
"If it's not in the Cloud Hall, where should it be? The martial artists outside are covetously watching. If it's targeted by the Lascivious Sect, it'll be over if it's even a little bit distracted during the Heavenly Tribulation! "
Everyone in the Cloud Hall channeled their True Essence, forming a thin layer of True Essence to resist the heat from the sky.
The power in the fire clouds was powerful, but after all, it was directed at Ning Yudie. The residual heat did not have much impact on the Cloud Hall.
This time, Luo Zheng did not speak. Xun was right. He really underestimated Ning Yudie. After all, he had been away for two years. How could Luo Zheng know what happened in these two years?
At this time, the rolling red clouds also circled down, tilting toward Ning Yudie's head.
Ning Yudie's expression remained the same, and with a slight flip of her finger, this time in addition to activating the jade tablet, her own True Qi also began to overflow little by little, and as soon as her finger gently pointed upwards, the entire ice palace began to tremble.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 698
As the Ice Palace continued to tremble, the ice pillars covering the Ice Palace all disintegrated, revealing thousands of palm-sized crystal stones.
Those crystal stones refracted a cold light at the same time, converging towards Ning Yudie's head.
At this time, a small Ice Phoenix shot out from the jade tablet. The Ice Phoenix began to devour the cold light. Amidst the cold light, the Ice Phoenix began to grow rapidly, eventually turning into a huge monster above Ning Yudie's head.
"Yo!"
The Ice Phoenix let out a cry and rushed towards the rolling red clouds with its head held high.
"Zi … …"
How terrifying was the power of the flames in the red clouds?
As the Ice Phoenix rushed into the red clouds, it began to melt and steam began to rise.
Although the Ice Phoenix was rapidly melting, the thousands of crystal stones in the Ice Palace continued to replenish its cold energy!
As the Ice Phoenix continued to wander in the red clouds, the cultivators in the Cloud Hall suddenly felt the heat slowly recede, and the feeling of being roasted slowly dissipated … …
Xun smiled faintly, "She was more prepared than I thought. The second wave of the Heavenly Tribulation was more violent than the first wave, but I didn't expect her to resolve it so quickly and easily!"
Indeed, this Heavenly Tribulation was much simpler than Luo Zheng imagined, "If this Heavenly Tribulation can be passed so easily, then this life and death tribulation is nothing more than this. It's not as terrifying as I imagined! Although the power of this Heavenly Tribulation is not small, even I can withstand it! "
"Pfft!" At this time, Xun suddenly covered her mouth and laughed, "You? Hehe, when it's your turn to face the minor Heavenly Tribulation, I'm afraid it will be ten times more powerful than this! "
After Xun finished speaking, she saw Luo Zheng staring at her blankly, so she asked, "What? You don't believe me? "
"I believe you," Luo Zheng replied.
"Then why are you looking at me like that?" Xun asked.
"I didn't expect you to smile like this. Your smile is very beautiful," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Ever since Luo Zheng obtained the Sword Spirit, Xun had been expressionless. Although she had an almost perfect appearance, her expression was very mechanical.
Later, when Smoky began to speak in the Tower of Sin, she began to emit a dominating aura. It was as if nothing in the world could enter her eyes. Anyone who stood in front of Smoky would feel short of breath. Those with a weaker aura would not even be able to raise their heads in front of her.
However, in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, Luo Zheng saw her agitated side. She was cursing at another King of the Demon Night Clan, and this was an eye-opener for Luo Zheng.
Today, Luo Zheng saw Xun's smile, and he suddenly felt a lot closer to her.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xun glared at him fiercely. Fortunately, she was now a Sword Spirit, so she didn't blush.
While the two of them were conversing, the weather in the sky changed again!
When Xun raised her head slightly, her expression changed abruptly. "The third wave is actually the Nightmare Tribulation! Why is there a Nightmare Tribulation!? "
Ever since Ning Yudie began her tribulation, Xun's expression had been very calm and relaxed. In Xun's opinion, Ning Yudie's tribulation wasn't very difficult. However, when she saw the third wave, her expression changed. Naturally, Luo Zheng's expression changed as well.
"Nightmare Tribulation?"
Xun said with a complicated expression, "There are many different types of Heavenly Tribulations. According to the statistics of the Upper Realm, there are all kinds of Heavenly Tribulations. The first wave of Heavenly Tribulation that Ning Yudie just experienced was an ordinary Thunder Dragon Tribulation, which is a very common type of Heavenly Tribulation. It's just a bit more difficult than ordinary Thunder Dragon Tribulation. The second type of tribulation is the Fire Cloud Tribulation. Ning Yudie cultivates the Law of Ice. Although the Fire Cloud Tribulation is a bit more difficult than the Lightning Dragon Tribulation, Ning Yudie has an innate advantage in her cultivation method. It won't be difficult for her to go through it! "
"But the Nightmare Tribulation is an extremely rare type of tribulation …" Xun said with a sullen expression. "I don't know what kind of fate Ning Yudie has to bear. How did she attract the Nightmare Tribulation?"
Xun said a lot in one breath, but this only made Luo Zheng even more anxious. "What's so terrifying about this Nightmare Tribulation?"
"I don't know about the Human Race. According to the statistics of the Demon Night Clan, the Nightmare Tribulation has only appeared a little over a thousand times," Xun said.
A little over a thousand times sounded like a lot, but when a cultivator entered the Life and Death Realm, they had to undergo tribulations. After the Life and Death Realm, some cultivators had to undergo tribulations three or four times, while others had to undergo tribulations seven or eight times. The Demon Night Clan controlled a vast and boundless world. How many Life and Death Realm cultivators were there in the Upper Realm? Just the number of cultivators who underwent tribulations every year was unknown. However, according to the statistics, there were only a little over a thousand Nightmare Tribulations. This was already a very small number.
"How many people have survived the Nightmare Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun pursed her lips and said, "One person. This person encountered the Nightmare Tribulation when he was in the Divine Sea Realm. Of course, his cultivation was different, so the Nightmare Tribulation was a hundred times more powerful. Later, this person became a Celestial Venerable!"
Xun's words immediately caused Luo Zheng to suck in a breath of cold air. Originally, the number of martial artists who encountered the Nightmare Tribulation was already quite rare, but in these thousand over Nightmare Tribulations, there was only one person who survived? The probability was too small.
Green petals began to bloom in the sky. Those petals kept circling, slowly rolling toward Ning Yudie.
"Didn't you just say that I have a way to break the Heavenly Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked immediately.
Xun nodded and said, "If Ning Yudie can successfully pass the Heavenly Tribulation, she won't have to use that thing. If she can't, she will have to use it."
Luo Zheng immediately guessed what Xun was referring to. "You mean the Fragment of the Heavenly Way?"
"Yes." Xun nodded.
"How do I use it?" Luo Zheng wanted to take out the Fragment of the Heavenly Way and go up now to help Ning Yudie share the pressure of the Heavenly Tribulation.
However, Xun stopped him. "Let's wait and see. Don't worry. Although the Heavenly Tribulation is a cultivator's tribulation, it is also a way to temper oneself. If Ning Yudie can't withstand it, you can go up …"
"Is the Fragment of the Heavenly Way used to resist the Heavenly Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
He knew that this thing was very important, but Luo Zheng still didn't understand.
Xun smiled faintly. "If the Fragment of the Heavenly Way is only used to resist the Heavenly Tribulation, it's overkill. This Fragment of the Heavenly Way is actually not the Fragment of the current Heavenly Way."
"The current Heavenly Way? What do you mean? "This statement was really new, and Luo Zheng didn't understand.
Xun said faintly, "The current Heavenly Way is the Firmament, and the Fragment of the Heavenly Way in your hand is the Fragment of the previous Heavenly Way, which is the Winning Heaven!"
"These Heavenly Ways are different?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
At this moment, those petals floated down one by one. Luo Zheng didn't have time to ask about this. Instead, he looked at Ning Yudie, who was in the center of the ice palace, with a face full of concern.
Ning Yudie also felt the power of this Life and Death Tribulation, and her face was full of caution. She gently spread her hands, and the huge Ice Phoenix let out a long cry, turned around, and rushed toward Ning Yudie!
In the blink of an eye, Ning Yudie and the Ice Phoenix merged into one. Luo Zheng also knew that this was Ning Yudie's most complete form. The Ice Phoenix turned into layers of close-fitting armor that covered her body!
After the two merged, Ning Yudie's figure suddenly flashed, and then she soared into the sky, heading straight for the petals.
"These petals don't look scary?" Compared to the previous two Heavenly Tribulations, Luo Zheng didn't feel any power from these petals. Instead, the petals that filled the sky were like rain. What power did these petals have?
"Each petal is a Nightmare Tribulation, and the reason why this Nightmare Tribulation is so difficult to resolve is because it does not target a cultivator's physical body, but rather the soul itself," Xun frowned as she looked at Ning Yudie in the sky.
Just like what Xun had said, those petals looked like ordinary petals, and with just a light touch from Ning Yudie, the petals broke apart. However, after each petal was broken, it was like a nightmare, forming a series of illusions that rushed straight into Ning Yudie's mind!

Chapter 699
A martial artist's soul was the most difficult part to cultivate. Very few martial artists were like Luo Zheng, who could cultivate their body and dantian while simultaneously cultivating their soul.
Ning Yudie's soul was slightly stronger than an ordinary martial artist's, but it was far from Luo Zheng's.
If there were only a few dozen Nightmares attacking Luo Zheng's soul, she could still withstand it. However, there were hundreds, or even thousands of Nightmares in front of her. How could Ning Yudie withstand it?
After a few breaths of time, Ning Yudie's face was as pale as paper, and her body began to stagger. It was difficult for her to resist.
"It's time to make a move!" Seeing Ning Yudie's appearance, Luo Zheng began to worry. Once the soul was injured, it would have a great impact on a martial artist. It could even cause irreversible damage.
"Wait a little longer," Xun still tried to stop him. "Although this Nightmare Tribulation is attacking Ning Yudie, it is also tempering her. This kind of tempering is also beneficial for her."
All martial artists grew through tempering, but Xun understood how to grasp the propriety of it.
How could Luo Zheng not understand this? However, as the saying goes, 'Concern leads to confusion'. He was concerned about Ning Yudie, so how could he bear to see her get hurt?
Just as the petals continued to hit Ning Yudie, she suddenly took out a bronze-colored medicinal pill and swallowed it. Then, Ning Yudie's face flashed with a touch of red!
Before breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, Ning Yudie had repeatedly reminded herself that she could only succeed in breaking through to the Life and Death Realm.
Now that the Tian Xie Sect was rising in the east, it had become the biggest threat in the Central Domain. The entire Central Domain had fallen into chaos because of this. And because her master was facing a life and death calamity, she had no choice but to go overseas to look for opportunities!
Ning Yudie and Granny Yu knew this very well, so did Granny Yu. Therefore, when Granny Yu left, she explained everything about the Cloud Hall before leaving.
When Granny Yu left, she let out a long sigh. She knew that this sigh was for herself, and also for Luo Zheng.
If only that little guy was still here …
Ever since the trip to the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb and Luo Zheng's strange disappearance, Ning Yudie had gone to the Chaotic Astral Ocean to search for him several times, but every time she failed.
However, she firmly believed that Luo Zheng would definitely not fall. This brat would definitely return one day!
Unfortunately, two years had passed in the blink of an eye, and Luo Zheng was nowhere to be found. She couldn't find any news about Luo Zheng in the vast central region. It was as if he had completely vanished into thin air. Even though she believed it, she was still worried.
Now that Granny Yu was missing in the Central Domain, Ning Yudie's choice to break through to the Life and Death Realm was actually a gamble!
In order to break through to the Life and Death Realm, Ning Yudie had made ample preparations. She had used almost all the resources in the Cloud Hall. For example, the jade token in her hand was borrowed from the World Business Alliance at a great cost.
If it were any other time, no matter how much Ning Yudie paid, it would be impossible for her to receive this jade token. This kind of jade token could increase the chances of passing the Life and Death Tribulation by 20%. It was a fatal attraction to any late stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist.
When Granny Yu wanted to borrow it, she was flatly rejected by the World Business Alliance.
However, with the rise of the Tian Xie Sect like a comet, the World Business Alliance became anxious. Clearly, in the entire Central Domain, only the fourth grade and above Sects could resist the Tian Xie Sect. The first to bear the brunt were the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and the Cloud Hall.
Normally, the competition between these three Sects was quite fierce. However, when they faced the same powerful enemy, they could only choose to band together.
One more Life and Death Realm martial artist meant one more chance to fight against Cui Xie. Even a child would understand this principle, so how could the ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance not understand it?
After obtaining this jade token, Ning Yudie finally had the confidence to break through to the Life and Death Realm.
When facing the first and second waves, Ning Yudie was indeed very successful. It was so successful that she found it hard to believe. Generally speaking, after breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, the first test of the Life and Death Tribulation wouldn't be too difficult. Some Life and Death Realm martial artists would only face one wave before passing the test.
However, Ning Yudie had to face two waves of the Life and Death Tribulation, which already exceeded the difficulty of ordinary Life and Death Tribulations. She didn't expect that she would face the third wave of the Life and Death Tribulation!
However, the third wave of the Life and Death Tribulation was actually a soul attack!
From an outsider's point of view, the petals that hit her body didn't seem to cause any harm. However, to Ning Yudie, it was a great torture!
Every time a petal hit her body, an illusory nightmare would appear in her mind. The nightmare would corrode her soul, bringing her a heart-wrenching pain.
"This, why is the third wave of the Life and Death Tribulation so difficult?" Ning Yudie's face was full of confusion!
However, although she was a woman, her heart of martial arts didn't lose to any male martial artist. Since she had chosen to break through to the Life and Death Realm, there was no turning back. Right now, she could only endure it bit by bit!
However, the pain brought about by the corrosion of the soul wasn't something that an average person could endure.
The physical pain would slowly become numb, and a person might even faint from the pain. In fact, this was also a kind of self-protection ability.
However, the pain of the soul couldn't be avoided. This pain was very subtle, but also incomparably real!
In a moment of desperation, Ning Yudie swallowed a "True Soul Pill". This pill was refined from the brain of a Shadow Beast. It could double the strength of the soul for a short period of time! The effect of this pill was heaven-defying, but it was also very precious. This "True Soul Pill" was the ancestral treasure of the Cloud Hall. It had been passed down for hundreds of years, and Ning Yudie swallowed it in one gulp.
Ever since Ning Yudie stepped into the Cloud Hall Hall Master's position, she had indeed squandered a lot of the Cloud Hall's resources. For example, when Luo Zheng was on the Rising Dragon Arena, Ning Yudie had used the Ci Lie Beast's Law Eye to block Cui Xie's punch.
However, the resources that Ning Yudie had consumed also brought many things to the Cloud Hall. Now, the Cloud Hall was a fifth-grade Sect. Moreover, because of Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall had an indestructible Sect Protecting Array.
If Ning Yudie could break through to the Life and Death Realm this time, the Cloud Hall might even become a sixth-grade Sect in the future, becoming the first Holy Land in the Central Domain.
Therefore, Ning Yudie swallowed the "True Soul Pill" without hesitation.
Just as she swallowed the "True Soul Pill", a powerful medicinal power immediately poured into her body. She suddenly felt her soul become a lot stronger, and her perception of her surroundings also became a lot clearer.
However, Ning Yudie didn't want to waste the slightest bit of soul power to perceive her surroundings. If she did so, she would discover that Luo Zheng was already standing in her Ice Palace.
Facing a life and death calamity, Ning Yudie didn't dare to be careless. She completely ignored everything in the outside world and focused all her attention to resist these damned petals.
After Ning Yudie swallowed the "True Soul Pill", the corrosive effect of the flower petals on Ning Yudie was indeed weakened. Her eyes, which were already on the verge of collapse, regained their luster as she endured the attack of the flower petals.
At this time, Ning Yudie had already endured the attacks of a hundred Nightmare Demons.
However, the petals in front of her seemed endless, and she wasn't sure if she could really endure it.
After an incense stick's worth of time, Ning Yudie's originally rosy cheeks turned pale bit by bit.
"I still can't endure it?" A trace of sorrow appeared on Ning Yudie's face. She could feel the medicinal effect of the True Soul Pill slowly fading away, but the petals in front of her were endless and didn't show any signs of weakening.
Of course, Ning Yudie didn't know how hard it was to endure this Nightmare Demon Calamity. At this time, she only thought that her strength wasn't enough.
Following the attacks of the Nightmare Demons, Ning Yudie gradually couldn't endure it anymore. She felt as if her head was stuffed with balls of fire, as if her entire head was about to be burnt.
"Did I still fail?" A sad expression appeared on Ning Yudie's face. She was very clear about the consequences of failure. The vast majority of the Life and Death Realm martial artists in the Central Domain didn't die from the exhaustion of their lifespan, but from the great calamity of life and death.

Chapter 700
Ning Yudie narrowed her eyes slightly. At this time, her mind was already in a mess. Everything she saw was a blur.
This was what happened after the soul was damaged. Like a drunk person, it was easy to hallucinate.
She actually saw Luo Zheng …
That little sweetheart. Did she miss him too much? She actually saw such a hallucination at the moment of her death.
Ning Yudie felt very unreconciled. She felt that she had been too confident. She originally thought that she had a 70% chance of surviving this life and death tribulation. But now, it seemed that it was impossible for her to survive this life and death tribulation.
Unfortunately, she couldn't see Luo Zheng before she died. But seeing Luo Zheng's hallucination felt pretty good.
After being attacked by countless Nightmares, countless hallucinations had already appeared in her mind. Those flower petals looked like flower petals to others, but in her eyes, they were all kinds of grotesque Ominous Beasts. But now, among these grotesque Nightmares, there was one more Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng's hallucination appeared, it quickly approached her.
Ning Yudie took the initiative to stretch out her hands and hug him.
In the past, Ning Yudie had always been proud of her status. After all, the difference between her and Luo Zheng's status was too big. Although she had a good impression of Luo Zheng since the Trial Taker's Road, she was still the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. How could she express too much?
At this time, Ning Yudie didn't think so much. It was just a hallucination after all …
Luo Zheng's figure wasn't tall and sturdy, but he was very tall. What's more, Luo Zheng had grown one or two inches in the past two years. He was a head taller than the petite Ning Yudie.
She took the initiative to hug Luo Zheng like this, but her face revealed a miserable smile. Relying on a hallucination to comfort herself before her death was indeed too useless. But she still felt satisfied.
At this time, Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face. When he saw that Ning Yudie couldn't hold on any longer, he flew straight over with the Heavenly Dao fragment in his hand. He didn't expect that as soon as he approached, Ning Yudie would dive into his arms.
Luo Zheng held Ning Yudie in his arms and activated the Heavenly Dao fragment according to the method taught by Xun.
According to Xun, the characteristics of this Shard of Heavenly Axiom were very strange. It could absorb as much True Essence as there was. She asked Luo Zheng to try not to cause too big of a fluctuation, and only poured a trace of True Essence into it.
After Luo Zheng poured a trace of true essence into it, the Heavenly Dao fragment began to absorb the petals like a giant whale!
Just now, Xun had told Luo Zheng that the Heavenly Tribulation was actually sent down by the Heavens, and this fragment of Ying Tian could easily absorb it. The two different Heavenly Axioms also reinforced and restrained each other.
The effect was even better than Luo Zheng had imagined. It was almost instantaneous!
Those petals were like a whirlwind, and in the blink of an eye, they disappeared completely. As for the sky, there was no longer any power. This life and death calamity seemed to have ended.
Ning Yudie still had her eyes closed and leaned on Luo Zheng's chest. She had a faint smile on her face, but there was a faint trace of misery between her eyebrows. From time to time, she would shake her head.
Luo Zheng landed on the ground of the Ice Palace and sat down cross-legged. He placed Ning Yudie on his lap and quickly took out an emerald green medicinal pill and stuffed it into Ning Yudie's mouth. Luo Zheng had also prepared some medicinal pills for soul healing. When he left the Sea God Continent, Situ Haotian and the others also gave him a lot of good things.
This medicinal pill came from the Sea God Continent. It didn't have a grade, but it was said that the recipe was found in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Its effect was definitely better than the medicinal pills in the Central Domain.
When Luo Zheng stuffed the medicinal pill into Ning Yudie's mouth, she frowned slightly. For a moment, she wanted to spit out the medicinal pill, but Luo Zheng forced it back. After she swallowed it, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand. There was a slight hesitation on his face, but he immediately patted her flat belly.
High-grade medicinal pills required the use of True Essence to dissolve their medicinal power.
At this time, Ning Yudie was almost in a semi-conscious state. She couldn't use True Essence to dissolve the medicinal power of the medicinal pill, so she could only let Luo Zheng do it for her.
Luo Zheng's hand poured into Ning Yudie's flat belly. Then, he gently released True Essence. Ning Yudie didn't resist. If she did, with her strength, she could completely block Luo Zheng's True Essence.
With Luo Zheng's infusion of True Essence, the medicinal pill gradually dissolved, and the medicinal efficacy began to take effect. A faint fragrance began to emanate from her body.
After a while, Ning Yudie's head gently tilted. She leaned against Luo Zheng's chest and fell into a deep sleep.
Luo Zheng was most worried that her soul wouldn't be able to recover after being damaged. Now, it seemed that the problem wasn't that big. He believed in Xun's vision. No matter what, Xun's timing was very accurate.
Just as Ning Yudie fell asleep, three people broke into the Ice Palace.
It was Daoist Master Dameng leading two Cloud Hall Elders to investigate the situation.
Since the life and death tribulation had disappeared, the result was naturally out. Whether Ning Yudie could survive the life and death tribulation was related to the fate of the entire Cloud Hall. It was impossible for Daoist Master Dameng and the others to not care.
Previously, when Ning Yudie was undergoing her tribulation, she had given a strict order. Under any circumstances, no one was allowed to enter the Ice Palace. At that time, Daoist Master Dameng didn't even want to let Luo Zheng in.
After all, one couldn't be distracted during the tribulation.
Now that the tribulation was over, they naturally rushed over.
When Daoist Master Dameng and the two Elders saw Ning Yudie sleeping in Luo Zheng's arms, they were immediately stunned. Their faces revealed strange expressions. But when they thought of some rumors in the Cloud Hall, it seemed that they weren't groundless.
However, this was other people's private matter. They didn't have the qualifications to interfere. Moreover, the feelings of a dignified Hall Master was something that subordinates like them could interfere with.
Daoist Master Dameng was just about to speak when Luo Zheng raised his finger and made a silent gesture.
The three of them understood tacitly and nodded slightly before withdrawing.
In any case, Ning Yudie had already passed through her life and death tribulation and was already a Life and Death expert.
Although Ning Yudie had only passed through her life and death tribulation once, her cultivation method was extremely special. When Ning Yudie was at the initial stage of False Tribulation, her strength wasn't any weaker than Daoist Master Dameng's. Even if Ning Yudie had just entered the Life and Death realm, her strength shouldn't be much weaker than other Life and Death experts.
Luo Zheng let Ning Yudie sleep in his arms. Her soft body seemed weightless to Luo Zheng.
Twelve to fourteen hours later, it was already the morning of the second day. The sky was just beginning to brighten. Ning Yudie's fine eyelashes faintly trembled, and her brows furrowed deeply.
Her muddled mind slowly became clear. She gently pinched her fingers and found that she seemed to be tugging on someone's clothes. Soon, her mind was filled with confusion.
'Didn't I die?'
When she realized that she was still breathing evenly, her beautiful eyes suddenly opened. She was greeted by a handsome face, and her petite body suddenly trembled!
Sensing that Ning Yudie had woken up, Luo Zheng also opened his eyes. He maintained this posture and was cultivating. Seeing Ning Yudie staring at him in a daze, Luo Zheng faintly smiled, "Awake?"
Ning Yudie pursed her lips, as if she still couldn't believe the scene before her eyes. Or perhaps, she was afraid that this was still an illusion, an incomparably realistic illusion.
She didn't hate illusions. At least, this kind of illusion gave her a very good feeling. She only hoped that even if this was an illusion, she would be able to stay in it forever. However, illusions often only lasted for a moment, and would disappear before long …
"Why aren't you speaking?" Luo Zheng asked strangely. There was even some worry on his face. Could it be that her soul was really injured and her brain was damaged?
Ning Yudie looked at the big hole in the ice palace above her head. The clouds above floated by, and the dazzling rays of the morning sun shone down on her. The morning air was mixed with slightly frantic Qi of Heaven and Earth …
This wasn't an illusion.
The previous Luo Zheng wasn't an illusion. He really did come back!
After realizing this, the corners of Ning Yudie's mouth suddenly curled up, and a burst of heartfelt joy filled her heart. Just as she was about to laugh out loud, her eyes suddenly turned red, and she burst into tears.
When Ning Yudie cried, Luo Zheng was at a loss. Why was she crying all of a sudden? Luo Zheng was even more worried. Ning Yudie's head wasn't really damaged, right? Why was she crying and laughing at the same time?
＝＝＝＝＝