Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.3

Chapter 201
A crisp "ding" sound came from the crafting furnace, followed by black smoke billowing out from the crafting furnace.
The outer disciple looked back and his face turned ugly. "Oh no, what's going on? Is Senior Brother's Primordial Fire not enough? He can't suppress the materials in the furnace. The furnace is going to explode! "
The furnace was extremely hot, and the pressure inside and outside were different. In order to suppress the high pressure, the walls of the furnace were designed to be very thick.
Just relying on the walls of the furnace was not enough to suppress the energy in the furnace. Many times, rich experience and corresponding methods were needed to deal with the situation inside. When the materials were placed in the furnace, there would be a strange reaction. Every reaction had a different way of dealing with it, so experience and skills were especially important at this time.
This was also the reason why Xie Lang only had the strength of Half-step Innate, but the weapons he refined were far better than the Blue Cloud Sect disciples. Xie Lang was also restricted by the fact that no one taught him the orthodox refining methods. If there was an expert to guide him, Xie Lang would not only be able to refine the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon, but he might also be able to refine the Spiritual Weapon.
The Senior Brother of the 17th Academy, who was sitting at the top, had a very ugly expression.
An explosion was a big deal.
The crafting furnaces on Dipping Fire Peak were not cheap. Every crafting furnace was made of refined copper, and some rare metals were added to the inner walls. If the crafting furnace were to explode, no one would be able to bear the loss.
Therefore, at this moment, all the disciples of the 17th Academy were panicking.
"Mentor, I'll call the mentor!"
"This furnace will explode in the blink of an eye. By the time you call the mentor over, it will be too late!"
The inner and outer disciples were like ants on a hot pan, running in circles anxiously.
"Senior Brother, use your Primordial Fire to suppress it. Try your best to separate the sword embryo from the other materials in the furnace!" someone suggested.
The Eldest Senior Brother's face was covered in beads of sweat, and he kept pouring streams of True Fire into the crafting furnace. He clenched his teeth and said, "I've tried my best, but the sword embryo, Primordial Chaos Knot, and other materials are stuck together tightly. I really can't separate them!"
"Try your best, Senior Brother. Do your best!"
Faced with this sudden situation, Luo Zheng stood at the gate of the courtyard and blinked his eyes. Whether this crafting furnace exploded or not, it had nothing to do with him.
However, when he thought about how he originally wanted to borrow their crafting furnace, he decided to lend them a hand at this moment.
So Luo Zheng walked forward.
"What are you doing?" The previous Outer Sect disciple was also anxious at the moment, but he could only be anxious and couldn't do anything to help. Now that he suddenly saw Luo Zheng come in, he was angry. Now the courtyard was in a mess, and this brat actually came in to add to the chaos. Wasn't he looking for a beating?
Therefore, that Outer Sect disciple stretched out his fist and punched towards Luo Zheng.
Although the disciples of Dipping Fire Peak also cultivated, their main homework was refining weapons. Therefore, in terms of martial arts attainment, there was a big gap between them and the disciples of the 33 peaks. Even the weakest disciple, Xiao Yufeng, was far inferior to them, let alone this Outer Sect disciple who was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. How could his fist touch Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng just moved his feet lightly. Like a ghost, he suddenly sped up to avoid the punch and then walked towards the Senior Brother with unhurried steps.
The Outer Sect disciple's punch missed. He was stunned for a moment and realized that this brat's strength was extraordinary. However, at this moment, he didn't want this guy to get close to the Senior Brother. He hurriedly shouted, "Everyone, stop that guy. He's making trouble. Quick, quick!"
Under the Outer Sect disciple's shout, several other disciples also surrounded Luo Zheng. However, no matter how they tried to stop him, they couldn't affect Luo Zheng's speed at all. He just dodged a little and still walked over at an unhurried speed.
Such a strange movement technique and speed was an eye-opener for these disciples.
Then, some of them realized that since this person's strength was so strong, he could totally help the Senior Brother!
Luo Zheng was indeed planning to help the "Eldest Senior Brother". When Luo Zheng passed by the crafting furnace, his speed suddenly increased. Before the "Eldest Senior Brother" could react, Luo Zheng had already reached out and patted the "Eldest Senior Brother" on the back.
Although Luo Zheng's control of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence was not perfect, it was basically at a level where he could do it with ease.
For example, when Luo Zheng had just mastered the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence, he couldn't even control its devouring power. Now, Luo Zheng could completely control the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence. Most of the time, he could avoid the devouring power of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence. Therefore, in Luo Zheng's Dantian, half of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence and the other half of the Red Sandalwood Vital Essence.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Relax!" Then, he patted the Senior Brother's back, and a steady stream of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence was poured into him.
The Senior Brother was originally a little nervous. He didn't know what Luo Zheng's actions were, but he didn't expect that Luo Zheng would pour Vital Essence into him. Moreover, this kid's Vital Essence was actually so vigorous and powerful.
He had already reached his limit. Using the Vital Essence in his hands to form a net of Vital Essence, he tightly bound the sword embryo and the materials that were undergoing violent changes in the crafting furnace. This was the only solution!
The more intense the sword embryo's reaction was, the faster the net of Vital Essence would be consumed. Seeing that his Vital Essence was close to exhaustion, once the sword embryo broke free from his Vital Essence, an explosion would inevitably occur.
But at this moment, he didn't have a better way. Other than bitterly holding on, there was no other way.
He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would give him such pure Vital Essence at this moment. For a moment, the Vital Essence in his hands suddenly became three times denser!
"Huff huff …" Streaks of fiery red Primordial Fire gushed out and continuously surged into the crafting furnace. The net of Primordial Fire formed by the Primordial Fire was instantly strengthened and firmly fixed the abnormal movements of the sword embryo.
When the disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard saw the Senior Brother's Vital Essence flourish, and then the reaction in the crafting furnace slowly stopped, they breathed a sigh of relief.
At this moment, the way they looked at Luo Zheng was completely different.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would have such strength that he could help the Senior Brother pass through this hurdle!
After the Senior Brother's Vital Essence Fire spewed out for a while, he slowly stopped. At this moment, bursts of white smoke were coming out of the crafting furnace, indicating that the situation in the furnace was still good.
Before the crafting furnace was opened, the craftsman could judge the success rate of the refining based on the smoke coming out of the crafting furnace.
If pure black smoke came out, then the success rate was pitifully small, about 10% to 20% of the refining success rate. If black and white smoke came out, then the success rate was 30% to 50%. If white smoke came out, it meant that the impurities in the sword embryo and materials were fully burned. The success rate was very high, about 80%!
This was the first time that the disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard were refining a High Level Profound Armament. They weren't sure about the success rate of the refining. As long as the furnace didn't explode during the refining process, even if black smoke came out, they could accept it. If white smoke came out, then they would thank the heavens and burn incense. But they didn't expect white smoke to come out of the furnace!
Seeing the white smoke, the faces of the disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard suddenly showed ecstasy.
They didn't expect that the first time they tried to refine a High Level Profound Armament, they would succeed. This was not a very common thing in the Dipping Fire Peak, so it was inevitable that they would be very excited.
Although the white smoke came out and the success rate was only 80%, it was enough to make them look forward to it!
The Eldest Senior Brother sat on the spot and let out a deep breath. A smile appeared on his face. The situation where the furnace was about to explode had been forcefully reversed. It was as if he had walked through a life and death crisis. However, the most important thing was that he had to thank the person who had helped him.
Therefore, the Eldest Senior Brother turned around and cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng: "Many thanks to this dear friend for lending a hand at the critical moment. If not, the situation just now would be very bad. My name is Xu Han, the Eldest Senior Brother of the Seventeenth Courtyard."
Luo Zheng returned the greeting and introduced himself: "Luo Zheng, Xiao Yufeng's Outer Disciple."
Xu Han nodded and asked: "Brother Luo Zheng, did you come to our Dipping Fire Peak to refine a Profound Armament? Although I, Xu Han, am not proficient in my skills, refining high grade Profound Armaments is still somewhat lacking. You have also seen that this time when I was refining high grade Profound Armaments, the cauldron exploded. However, low grade and middle grade Profound Armaments should not be a problem, I can help! "
People were like this. If you take the initiative to help others, others will also take the initiative to help you.
Luo Zheng helped Xu Han escape the fate of a furnace explosion. Now, Xu Han wanted to help Luo Zheng refine a Profound Armament as a reward to Luo Zheng.
Not to mention a Profound Armament, even a Spirit Armament was nothing in Luo Zheng's eyes. Therefore, Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a smile: "Many thanks for Brother Xu Han's good intentions, but there is no need. I only came here to borrow your furnace!"

Chapter 202
It was the first time that an outer disciple of Xiao Yufeng had come to Dipping Fire Peak to borrow a crafting furnace.
Xu Han had indeed heard that some disciples were gifted geniuses who not only practiced martial arts but also had profound attainments in the art of crafting weapons.
But generally speaking, such disciples must have the support of aristocratic families. The crafting furnaces of those aristocratic families were much more advanced than the crafting furnaces of these disciples on Dipping Fire Peak. Why would they need to borrow one from them?
"That's true. I just want to borrow your crafting furnace. But don't worry, I won't let the furnace explode because I'm not using it to craft weapons, but to condense a weapon …" Luo Zheng explained.
This time, Xu Han was even more confused.
From Luo Zheng's tone, he was not a crafting master. But if he was not a crafting master, how could he want to condense a weapon? What the hell was this?
The so-called condensation was a crafting master condensing a trace of his understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination into a weapon. Only after condensation could the weapon produce a grade. It could be said that condensation was the most crucial part. The level of understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination directly determined the grade of a weapon.
As the saying went, without the skin, where would the hair attach?
If Luo Zheng was not a crafting master, how could he comprehend the Way of Heaven's Divination? Since he could not comprehend the Way of Heaven's Divination, what kind of condensation was he going to do?
Therefore, Xu Han felt that it was strange.
But …
Luo Zheng's request was not too excessive. If he only wanted to condense and not craft weapons, he could lend it to him. After all, there was no risk of the furnace exploding during condensation. As for whether it succeeded or not, it had nothing to do with Xu Han.
Besides, Luo Zheng had helped him a lot. If Luo Zheng had not appeared at this moment, the furnace in front of him would have been torn apart.
Therefore, Xu Han said, "If you only want to condense, it's not impossible. But you have to wait a while. I haven't condensed this upper grade profound weapon yet. It still needs some time."
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled. "Of course I can wait. You can finish your work first." With that, Luo Zheng stood aside.
Only then did Xu Han sit in front of the crafting furnace and release the Genuine Fire in his body again.
In fact, the condensation process did not require Genuine Fire. Whether it was Genuine Fire or Genuine Essence, one only needed to infuse Genuine Essence into the weapon according to his understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination to complete the condensation process.
If the heat of the True Fire was too high, it would not be good. Not to mention that the bottom of the furnace was originally connected to the volcanic vein. The underground lava continuously provided the furnace with heat. Even if the True Fire was not released, the temperature in the furnace would not be too low.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng had chosen to come to Dipping Fire Peak. Luo Zheng did not specialize in fire-attribute cultivation techniques. For example, the Heavenly Demon's Quintessential Essence could not be used to refine weapons. Although Condensation did not require high temperatures, it still required a certain temperature in the crafting furnace.
The crafting furnace on Dipping Fire Peak was Luo Zheng's best choice.
Luo Zheng stood aside and waited for a while. He saw Xu Han push the Genuine Genuine Fire into the crafting furnace.
Compared to the raging Primordial Fire from before, the Primordial Fire he sent in now was much weaker. Furthermore, when Luo Zheng looked carefully, he could feel that within this Primordial Fire, there seemed to be some power that he could not explain clearly!
Although the power hidden in the Genuine Fire was extremely small, it was difficult to completely ignore.
"This power should be Xu Han's understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination!" Luo Zheng looked indifferently at the power hidden in the Genuine Fire.
The condensation process was the most critical stage in crafting weapons. Moreover, the duration of this stage could be long or short.
It was said that the length of the process depended entirely on one's perception and luck.
However, the length of time had little to do with the quality of the weapon.
In history, some craftsmen had left behind many legendary stories, especially the "condensation" stage. Because it involved the Way of Heaven's Divination, it was often said to be miraculous.
For example, someone had spent an entire month to refine a weapon! In this one month, he had been eating and drinking beside the crafting furnace. That crafting master felt that he had not condensed the weapon properly. After a month of continuous condensing, he opened the crafting furnace and really condensed a Celestial Artifact!
What's more, during the condensation process, he suddenly encountered a vision of heaven and earth. Lightning flashed, thunder roared, wind rose, and clouds surged. The whole condensation process only took the time it took to burn a stick of incense, and he also obtained a fairy weapon.
Because of this encounter, many inferior craftsmen misunderstood that crafting was a skill that depended on luck.
In fact, in the process of crafting weapons, there was a little bit of luck, but the most important thing was strength!
Generally speaking, the condensation process of an apprentice craftsman like Xu Han was not too short. It often took one to four hours.
However, Luo Zheng also had a lot of patience. He stood quietly by the side and did not say a word.
Unexpectedly, Xu Han's condensing process was very smooth this time. Only half an hour had passed by the sundial next to him. Xu Han withdrew the True Fire and then said with a smile, "It's done!"
The disciples of the 17th Courtyard who were waiting by the side also showed a happy expression. "Eldest Brother, it's really done!"
"Quick, quick, open the furnace and take a look. Take a look at the first Upper Grade Xuan Weapon of our 17th Courtyard!" Someone said urgently.
Xu Han walked to the side of the crafting furnace and reached out to open the lid of the crafting furnace. Before he put his hand in, Xu Han condensed a layer of True Fire on his hand and arm to protect his arm. At this time, the temperature in the crafting furnace was quite high, he had to use his own True Fire to resist the high temperature in the furnace to prevent himself from being burned.
By the time Xu Han retracted his hand, there was already a sword in his hand.
The treasured sword was silver-white in color. It shone brightly under the sun, sparkling with sparkling light.
"The grade has really reached the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon. I'll call this sword 'Seeking Water Sword'!" Xu Han held the sword in his hand and carefully looked at it. Xu Han's Junior Brothers swarmed around it, wanting to see the elegance of this Upper Grade Xuan Weapon.
Luo Zheng also slowly walked to Xu Han's side and said with a smile, "Congratulations, Brother Xu Han, for refining a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon."
Xu Han saw that Luo Zheng faintly glanced at the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon he had just refined. It seemed that the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon was not very pleasing to his eyes. Xu Han asked, "I've finished condensing. When will you use the crafting furnace?"
"Then let's use it now," Luo Zheng replied.
Xu Han stepped aside and waved his hand, "Please, Brother Luo Zheng, help yourself."
Xu Han was indeed curious. What kind of medicine was Luo Zheng selling in the gourd? A person who was not a craftsman, what kind of weapon did he want to condense?
Luo Zheng lightly tapped his Sumeru Ring and took out the sword from it.
Xu Han and the other disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard saw the weapon in Luo Zheng's hand and their faces were suddenly shocked!
As craftsmen, they were quite sensitive to the quality of weapons!
Although the sword in Luo Zheng's hand had not been condensed, it was obviously not an ordinary weapon. It obviously came from the hands of a Master.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to put the sword into the crafting furnace, Xu Han stretched out his hand to stop him, "Brother Luo Zheng, the sword in your hand is extraordinary. If you ask a craftsman to condense it, it can at least condense a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon!"
Xu Han's meaning was very clear. Luo Zheng was not a craftsman. If such a beautiful sword was condensed by Luo Zheng, it would be destroyed by him. That would be a real waste of God's gift!
Since Luo Zheng was able to obtain such a treasured sword, he presumably was not someone who couldn't afford it. If he hired a good Blacksmith, he wouldn't need a Blacksmith Grandmaster to condense it into a high-grade spirit weapon. A high-grade spirit weapon! Just thinking about it made Xu Han excited.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head.
If he needed a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon, why would he spend so much effort? Wouldn't it be better to just buy one? Moreover, last time in the treasury of White Emperor City, Luo Zheng also had the opportunity to choose a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon. However, he gave up at that time and chose two crystals instead.
This time, he tried to use the Heaven's Divination Essence to condense an Immortal Weapon!
"Brother Xu Han, I appreciate your kindness. I just want to try and see if I can condense it successfully," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xu Han felt like crying. How much of a wastrel was this guy? He wanted to try out such an exquisite weapon. Did he know what the price of trying it out was?
Weapons could not be condensed repeatedly. If the condensation was not successful, the weapon would basically be scrapped! Luo Zheng was basically playing with a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon …
Xu Han really wanted to stop Luo Zheng. However, he was not the owner of the sword. Naturally, he could only speak to the point. Seeing Luo Zheng's firm attitude, he had no reason to stop him.
Like Xu Han, the disciples of the 17th Academy were speechless at this moment. Some of them even showed anger on their faces. Obviously, they were deeply dissatisfied with Luo Zheng's waste.
Facing those regretful and angry gazes, Luo Zheng acted as if he did not see them and put the sword into the furnace.
"Hey, you don't use True Essence to protect your body?" Xu Han found another strange thing about Luo Zheng. He noticed that when Luo Zheng put the sword into the furnace, there was no protection on his hand. The problem was that Luo Zheng was not burned!
"Oh, the temperature in this furnace is not high, so I don't need to use it," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"…"
Xu Han was completely speechless. Although Luo Zheng had just transferred a thick amount of True Essence to Luo Zheng, Xu Han knew that Luo Zheng was very strong. However, the furnace was connected to the underground fire vein. Moreover, he had just used True Essence to roast it, so the temperature was not ordinary.
If a pig was thrown in now, it would only take two breaths of time to roast the pig inside and out.
Luo Zheng put his hand in and acted as if nothing had happened. It was really unreasonable.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 203
After putting away the treasured sword, Luo Zheng closed the door of the furnace and walked to the top, which was where Xu Han was refining. This place was right in front of the furnace's fire outlet.
After Luo Zheng sat down, a ball of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan appeared in his hand.
This ball of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan wrapped around his hand.
The Sky Evolution Essence was of great importance, so he had asked Zhang Wuxian to help him auction it. On one hand, he trusted Zhang Wuxian, and on the other hand, besides Zhang Wuxian, Luo Zheng had no better way to sell the Sky Evolution Essence. However, he didn't want to let a third person know that he had the Sky Evolution Essence except for himself and Zhang Wuxian.
As for the disciples of the 17th Courtyard, Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't let them know about it.
In order to achieve this effect, Luo Zheng could only do a little trick. The Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan was thick and was purple-black in color. He wrapped the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan around his hand with the Sumeru Ring, and then took out a batch of Sky Evolution Essence from the ring.
The Sky Evolution Essence was mixed in the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan and couldn't be seen from the outside.
After preparing, Luo Zheng spurted the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan into the crafting furnace's fire mouth. The Sky Evolution Essence was wrapped in the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan, so he couldn't guarantee that it was flawless. A real master would still be able to see it.
However, Luo Zheng believed that the disciples of the 17th Courtyard absolutely wouldn't be able to detect it.
The Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan formed a thick line and continuously poured the Sky Evolution Essence into the crafting furnace drop by drop.
Seeing the purple-black Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan, Xu Han's eyelids twitched. No wonder he felt that Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan was very thick. This purple-black Zhen Yuan was indeed extraordinary. Although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage, his strength couldn't be underestimated.
However, although this purple-black Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan was special … it was useless for refining tools.
Xu Han clearly saw that this Zhen Yuan didn't contain the slightest trace of the Sky Evolution Dao. Luo Zheng didn't have any comprehension of the Sky Evolution Dao, so how could it be used for refining?
The other disciples of the 17th Courtyard sighed.
Alas, it seems like this Luo Zheng was just messing around. What a waste of such a good sword …
Luo Zheng was too lazy to care about what they thought. At this moment, he was concentrating on refining.
Luo Zheng did not understand the Dao of Heaven's Divination. In fact, he could not be considered to have condensed it. He could only be considered to have watered it with the Heaven's Divination Essence. It would depend on the grade of the sword that would be watered in the end.
Actually, Luo Zheng was a little uncertain. After all, this was his first time using the Heaven's Divination Essence to water a weapon. He might end up with a Xuan weapon or even a useless one if he used the wrong method.
After injecting the Heavenly Demon True Essence into the crafting furnace, Luo Zheng manipulated the Heavenly Demon True Essence to cover the treasure sword.
— —
The magma in the underground fire vein slowly flowed through the tunnel dug under the crafting furnace. Through heat conduction, the high temperature was continuously transmitted upwards.
The treasure sword was placed in the furnace and was baked by the heat emitted by the magma. During the refining process, a certain temperature had to be maintained. The temperature in the crafting furnace was neither too high nor too low. It was very suitable.
After the Heavenly Demon True Essence covered the treasure sword, the first drop of Heaven's Divination Essence was supported by the True Essence and dripped onto the blade of the treasure sword.
The moment the drop of Heaven's Divination Essence touched the blade of the treasure sword, a metallic ripple formed on the smooth blade. The ripple did not spread over a large area. It stopped after a few inches, leaving a demonic pattern on the blade.
Immediately after, the second drop of Heaven's Divination Essence also dripped onto the blade, leaving behind a similar pattern.
As the Heaven's Divination Essence increased, it fell onto the blade like raindrops. Patterns bloomed on the blade of the sword one after another.
At this moment, the Heaven's Divination Essence in Luo Zheng's ring was continuously being sent into the crafting furnace through the Heavenly Demon True Essence.
If some famous craftsmen saw Luo Zheng using the Heaven's Divination Essence like this, they would probably vomit blood in anger.
How precious was the Heaven's Divination Essence?
Generally speaking, using the Heaven's Divination Essence to refine a weapon would only be used on the most important part of the weapon. As the saying goes, good steel should be used on the blade.
If they were to use the Heaven's Divination Essence to refine a sword, the Heaven's Divination Essence would only be used on the blade. If the amount of Heaven's Divination Essence was insufficient, the Heaven's Divination Essence might be accurately placed on the blade of the treasure sword.
Although this would greatly reduce the effect of the Heaven's Divination Essence, it was something they had no choice but to do.
However, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest intention of conserving the Heaven's Divination Essence. He allowed the Heaven's Divination Essence to drip freely. Therefore, not only did the Heaven's Divination Essence enter the blade of the sword, but even the hilt of the sword was filled with Heaven's Divination Essence!
However, even this treasure sword could not absorb the Heaven's Divination Essence endlessly. There was a limit, and this limit depended on the craftsmen's skill in refining weapons.
In one breath, Luo Zheng sent hundreds of drops of Heaven's Divination Essence into the furnace. The entire treasure sword was enveloped by the Heaven's Divination Essence. The entire blade, hilt, and tip of the sword had been completely absorbed. It could be said that the Heaven's Divination Essence was close to saturation!
At this point, Luo Zheng withdrew the Heaven's Divination Essence that had not been absorbed from the furnace and flowed back into Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring.
At this point, the refinement was basically complete. The time taken from start to finish was not very fast. In total, it took less than an incense stick's worth of time.
Seeing Luo Zheng gradually pull apart the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy, the disciples of the 17th Academy were still baffled. Xu Han was even more stunned. He asked, "Is the refinement finished?"
According to their knowledge of refining weapons, the refinement time varied. However, Luo Zheng's refinement time was simply too short. It was so short that it defied common sense!
Just from this point alone, Xu Han could confirm that Luo Zheng was completely teasing them!
Luo Zheng smiled. "The refinement is complete!"
"Then, Brother Luo Zheng, please open the furnace and let us see the result." Xu Han did not have any malice. He was really curious about what Luo Zheng wanted to do.
Luo Zheng walked to the front of the furnace. The moment he opened the lid of the furnace, a silver-white light suddenly shot out from the furnace's interior!
"Buzz buzz buzz!"
The silver-white light shot out from the mouth of the furnace and hit the wall beside the 17th Academy. A layer of the wall was abruptly removed by the silver-white light.
The moment Luo Zheng reached into the furnace and took out the treasure sword, the silver light from the treasure sword soared into the sky. An invisible wave spread out from the treasure sword to the surroundings!
"Buzz …"
At this moment, everyone on Dipping Fire Peak sensed that something was wrong!
Behind Dipping Fire Peak, that earthfire vein that extended from Purgatory Mountain ultimately gathered here, forming a deep pool that was one zhang in size. However, what this deep pool contained wasn't water, but rather surging magma, which was why this place could be called a fire pool.
Around the fire pool, there were two weapon refiners sitting on the side. They continuously summoned the true fire in their bodies and mixed it with the magma in the fire pool.
These two weapon refiners were the instructors on Dipping Fire Peak. One of them was called Yan Jie, and the other was called Jiang Min. Both of them had reached Xiantian seventh stage. Although their strength was not high, their attainments in weapon refinement were not bad. Although they were far from the level of a master, they were more than enough to be instructors on Dipping Fire Peak.
In order to make their true fire purer, weapon refiners would often choose to visualize flames.
There were many types of flames. The magma that erupted from underground could be considered one type. Only, the flames within magma were too berserk.
Through visualization, one could indeed greatly increase the power of one's true fire. However, the true fire would also become berserk and difficult to control.
That was why when the two of them visualized this fire pool, they would take a 'Clear Mind Pill' every incense stick's worth of time. When the Clear Mind Pill entered their mouths, it would produce a wave of yin and cool energy.
In reality, weapon refiners mostly cultivated fire attribute techniques, so this type of cold energy was a great taboo. However, that wave of yin and cool energy could move through their entire bodies, helping them suppress the berserk aura within the magma, calming their minds.
Right when they were concentrating on visualizing the magma in the fire pool, suddenly, a silver wave swept past their bodies, moreover quickly spreading into the distance.
The two's expressions immediately changed.
"This wave of fluctuation … this is a weapon refined by someone!" Yan Jie's face revealed an extremely serious expression, but he still wasn't willing to give his judgment.
Beside him, Jiang Min was the first to speak out, "This is the aftermath of a magic weapon being refined!"
Generally speaking, all ranked weapons, even if it was a low-grade profound level weapon, would produce a small wave of fluctuation when it was refined. It was just that the fluctuation was very light and ordinary people would not be able to detect it.
However, the fluctuation produced by a spiritual weapon was more objective. Even ordinary people could see it with their naked eyes, but the range of the fluctuation was only a few feet.
Although the fire pool where Yan Jie and Jiang Min were at was not far from Dipping Fire Peak, the fluctuation of a spiritual weapon naturally could not spread here!
Only when a Fairy Weapon was refined could it possibly release such a violent fluctuation!
Looking at the manner of the fluctuation, it spread to the fire pool without the slightest sign of stopping, spreading into the distance. The two of them could not determine the grade of this weapon.
"Who on earth is refining a Fairy Weapon on Dipping Fire Peak?" Yan Jie asked with a frown.
"Could it be that Qian Yu is refining a Fairy Weapon?" Jiang Min could not think of anything, so she could only guess.
Refining weapons was not the forte of the Blue Cloud Sect. From the situation at Dipping Fire Peak, it could be seen that out of the hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect, only a mere thousand people were willing to embark on the path of refining weapons.
In all these years, the Blue Cloud Sect had only produced one Weapon Refining Grandmaster, who was also one of the three great Weapon Refining Grandmasters in the Burning Sky Empire. He was Qian Yu.
Jiang Min had just voiced her thoughts when Yan Jie immediately rejected it, "Impossible, Qian Yu is a Weapon Refining Grandmaster, how could he be willing to refine weapons on Dipping Fire Peak?"
The furnace used by the disciples on Dipping Fire Peak naturally could not enter Qian Yu's eyes. The Blue Cloud Sect had spent a lot of money to prepare the "Nine-patterned Earth Dragon Furnace" for Qian Yu. The Nine-patterned Earth Dragon Furnace was a treasure that was not inferior to a Fairy Weapon in the eyes of a Weapon Refiner.
How could he, who was used to using the Nine-patterned Earth Dragon Furnace, be willing to use an ordinary copper furnace on Dipping Fire Peak?
Jiang Min also said, "I also think it's impossible, but only Qian Yu can refine Fairy Weapons in the Blue Cloud Sect. How could others refine Fairy Weapons?"
"Since we can't understand, why don't we go to the scene and see?" After Yan Jie finished speaking, he got up and rushed towards the Dipping Fire Peak. Jiang Min also followed closely behind him. Although both of them were refiners, their strength was also at the Xiantian seventh stage, so their speed was not slow. They arrived at the Dipping Fire Peak almost in an instant.
In the 17th Academy.
At this moment, the sword in Luo Zheng's hand had completely changed.
Although the shape of the sword had not changed, its appearance was still very ordinary before it was smelted.
However, at this moment, the entire sword was brimming with a peculiar silver light. If one were to look carefully, one would be able to faintly discern traces of runes on the body of the sword.
Xu Han and the disciples of the 17th Academy were completely dumbfounded.

Chapter 204
Weapon refiners were most sensitive to weapons and magic treasures.
Although Xu Han couldn't believe that Luo Zheng could condense an immortal weapon, it was an iron-clad fact in front of him.
Luo Zheng gently held the sword hilt and swung it in a circle. His face showed a very satisfied expression.
He noticed that there was a pattern at the bottom of the sword. The pattern was somewhat different from the spirit pattern on Luo Zheng's body. In comparison, it looked more complicated and the shape was more beautiful.
This pattern was not a spirit pattern, but an immortal pattern.
There was an immortal pattern on the sword, which meant that the sword in Luo Zheng's hand was an immortal weapon!
After swinging the sword in a circle, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and stabbed upward.
"Whoosh!"
A bright silver sword light shot out from the tip of the sword. The sword light was so sharp that it directly penetrated the eaves on the side.
The eaves on Dipping Fire Peak were made of steel, but they were penetrated by the sword light like mud.
Moreover, Luo Zheng didn't use the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence. This sword light was the "skill" of the sword itself, which was the skill of an immortal weapon!
"This sword has no name because it's not completed. Since I'm the one who condensed it, I'll give it a name. It'll be called" Flowing Light "!" Luo Zheng said in his heart.
Who knew that when Luo Zheng thought this, he suddenly felt the "Flowing Light" tremble.
"Eh?" Luo Zheng looked at the Flowing Light Sword curiously. He heard that after a magic weapon entered the rank, it would slowly awaken a part of its own consciousness. Although it couldn't directly communicate with its owner, it was enough to establish a certain connection with its owner. This was the so-called "Profound Enlightenment of Sword Intent".
What's more, after the Sword Intent slowly awakened, it would condense into a Sword Nascent Soul! At that time, the sword would be equivalent to his own avatar!
However, whether or not the Flowing Light Sword could condense into a Sword Nascent Soul was something that would happen a long time later. Luo Zheng didn't consider it now.
The huge commotion had attracted almost all the disciples on Dipping Fire Peak. Regardless of whether they were in black robes or white robes, they all crowded at the entrance of Courtyard 17 and stuck their heads out to look inside.
They were naturally curious as to who had created such a huge commotion in the 17th campus.
For a time, the entrance of the seventeenth courtyard was also packed with people!
Not far away, two figures sprinted over at an extremely fast speed and stopped steadily at the entrance of the 17th compound. The two people were Yan Jie and Jiang Min, who had rushed over from the fire pond.
When the two of them saw the situation at the entrance of the Seventeenth Courtyard, they didn't need to ask to know that the shockwave just now had come from here. This saved them the trouble of going from house to house to house.
When the disciples who had gathered at the entrance of the Seventeenth Academy saw that it was their teacher, they all made way for him.
Before Jiang Min entered, she asked, "Who was refining just now?"
Yan Jie's gaze was even sharper. When he entered the Seventeenth Academy, he glanced around and fixed his gaze on Luo Zheng and the sword in his hand.
When he heard Jiang Min's question, the Eldest Senior Brother of the Seventeenth Academy, Xu Han, quickly came over and bowed to Jiang Min. "Mentor Jiang, I was refining just now."
"You!" Jiang Min misunderstood. When she heard Xu Han's words, she thought that the person who had created such a huge commotion was Xu Han! There weren't many disciples on Dipping Fire Peak, so Jiang Min knew every one of them very well.
Xu Han was also a disciple with some talent. If he worked hard in the future, he might become a good refiner.
However, with Xu Han's talent, he could only reach the level of an ordinary Weapon Refiner. At most, he could refine a middle grade Spirit Weapon. If he worked hard enough, he could still become an excellent Weapon Refiner and refine a high grade Spirit Weapon.
However, Xu Han was destined to never become a refiner! It was absolutely impossible! Not to mention that he could refine an immortal weapon now?
Therefore, Jiang Min didn't believe it at all. However, when she saw Xu Han's serious expression, it didn't seem fake. Jiang Min was confused for a moment …
In contrast, Yan Jie was much calmer than Jiang Min. He asked, "What weapon were you refining just now? Was it the sword in the young man's hand? "
Xu Han realized that Jiang Min had misunderstood his words. He quickly waved his hand and said, "Mentor Jiang, you misunderstood. I didn't refine that sword. Just now, I refined a high-grade mystic weapon with the disciples of the Seventeenth Academy. That young man is Luo Zheng, Xiao Yufeng's disciple. He didn't refine the weapon just now. He just condensed the sword!"
"Condensed an immortal weapon?" Yan Jie asked.
"Yes …" Xu Han nodded.
When Jiang Min and Yan Jie heard Xu Han's affirmative answer, they suddenly fell silent.
This answer shocked the two of them. It was not much less shocking than when Jiang Min misunderstood that Xu Han had refined an immortal weapon.
The disciples of the Thirty-Third Peak were all warriors who focused on cultivation. They didn't know how to refine weapons, but to be able to refine an immortal weapon?
The two of them had been immersed in refining weapons for so many years, but this was simply unheard of. This sounded like a fantasy story. It was already against common sense. It was simply impossible!
In order to confirm what had happened, Yan Jie stepped forward and asked, "Did you refine this sword?"
Luo Zheng waved the sword in his hand and said with a smile, "You mean this Flowing Light Sword? Yes, I did refine it. "
Hearing Luo Zheng admit it so easily, Yan Jie took a deep breath. Thousands of questions emerged in his mind. He couldn't help but ask, "How did you do it?"
Luo Zheng slowly put the Flowing Light Sword back into the scabbard and said with a smile, "I can't say."
Yan Jie's question was indeed a bit excessive.
No matter if it was a warrior or a refiner, they all had their own secrets. No one would be stupid enough to share these secrets with others. This was absolutely a big taboo.
If it was Qian Yu refining weapons here, Yan Jie wouldn't dare to ask this question even if he had a hundred times the courage.
But Yan Jie subconsciously regarded Luo Zheng as a junior.
In Yan Jie's view, Luo Zheng was a teenager with a strength of Xiantian first stage. He was an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
And he was a mentor of the Blue Cloud Sect. Although he was not a mentor of the Thirty-Third Peak, but a mentor of the Dipping Fire Peak, his status was much higher than that of a disciple.
Hearing Luo Zheng evading the question, Yan Jie was somewhat unwilling, especially since this kid still had an immortal weapon in his hand!
An immortal weapon, given to an outer disciple, wasn't this a reckless waste of God's gift? The changes in people's hearts were complicated. Yan Jie, who originally just wanted to find out, suddenly had a greedy thought. He exchanged glances with Jiang Min, who was next to him, and Jiang Min's eyes also flashed with a trace of greed.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was like a child with a treasure in his hand. And from Luo Zheng's mouth, there should be a big secret about the way of refining weapons! If they could get the immortal weapon in his hand and coax out Luo Zheng's secret, then Yan Jie and Jiang Min could really be regarded as having a meteoric rise.
They would no longer have to squat in the Dipping Fire Peak and endure hardships every day, teaching a group of disciples with average talent …
If they grasped the secret in Luo Zheng's hand, they were afraid that they could become the new master refiners of the Eastern Territory, and their status would be comparable to Qian Yu's!
What's more, Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe. He was just an outer disciple, and he was 100% sure that he had no background. If he was a descendant of a landowning family, he would immediately enter the inner court after entering the Blue Cloud Sect. How could he still be an outer court disciple? Moreover, this kid wanted to refine weapons, but he didn't even have a crafting furnace, and needed to come to the Dipping Fire Peak to borrow this copper furnace …
Once a person had evil thoughts, it was difficult to stop.
Yan Jie laughed. "What's the name of Xiao Yufeng's disciple?"
"My name is Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng responded faintly.
"Luo Zheng, right? Since you refined such an amazing weapon on our Dipping Fire Peak, we need to record it for you. Can we talk in private?" Yan Jie said in a low voice.
"Oh?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, then nodded and replied, "Okay."
Although he agreed on the surface, Luo Zheng sneered in his heart. How could he not see that these two people were greedy for him?
Yan Jie and Jiang Min didn't make too much of a cover-up. In their view, as the mentors of the Dipping Fire Peak, the entire Dipping Fire Peak belonged to them. Luo Zheng was just a small outer court disciple, and it was impossible for him to overturn the heavens on the Dipping Fire Peak!
If it weren't for the presence of so many disciples, perhaps the two of them would have already revealed their ferocious side.
An immortal tool and the method to refine immortal tools … whether it was the former or the latter, they were both things that could drive a craftsman crazy!
But what they didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't put Yan Jie and Jiang Min in his eyes.
Yan Jie and Jiang Min were only in the Xiantian seventh stage, not to mention that they were craftsmen, so their fighting strength was reduced. How could they be Luo Zheng's opponents?
If these two people really had any evil intentions, Luo Zheng didn't mind teaching them a lesson. It was also a good opportunity to test the power of the Flowing Light Sword he had just refined.
Now that Luo Zheng had agreed, the rest of the matter would be easy to handle. Yan Jie was suddenly overjoyed. He even suspected that Luo Zheng was a fool. For him, the more foolish Luo Zheng was, the better. It would be best if he could obediently hand over the immortal tool and the secret of refining immortal tools, so that he wouldn't have to waste a lot of effort!
"Disperse! Disperse! What's there to see? " Yan Jie waved to the disciples at the door. After driving them all away, he said to Luo Zheng, "In that case, Luo Zheng, you come with me."
Then Yan Jie walked in front, Luo Zheng walked in the middle, and Jiang Min walked at the back. The two of them intentionally or unintentionally surrounded Luo Zheng in the middle, for fear that this "fool" would run away.
But they also felt that this was superfluous. With the strength of the Xiantian first stage, how could Luo Zheng escape from their hands? If this guy didn't hand over the immortal tool and his secret, it was impossible for him to leave the Dipping Fire Peak.

Chapter 205
This courtyard was a place for their mentors to rest, so there was naturally no one else present.
After entering the courtyard, Yan Jie stared at the treasured sword in Luo Zheng's hand. The treasured sword had already been sheathed.
Generally speaking, when a treasured sword was sheathed, its sharpness would be completely restrained. This was because all the sharpness of a sword was concentrated on the blade. Once the blade was sheathed, it would naturally be completely concealed.
Most blacksmiths also followed this rule. When refining a treasured sword, they would try their best to choose the best materials, regardless of whether it was the blade or the hilt. However, when refining, they wouldn't be willing to condense the Heaven's Divination Dao into the hilt. That would be too wasteful …
However, Yan Jie and Jiang Min noticed that after Luo Zheng sheathed the treasured sword, the hilt also exuded a mighty aura.
In other words, during the smelting process, he actually wasted his comprehension of the Heaven's Divination Dao on the sword hilt …
Heavens! Although they didn't know how this kid was able to comprehend so much Heaven's Divination Dao and refine a sword to such an extent, they could imagine that the secret Luo Zheng possessed was definitely no small matter!
When they thought of this, Yan Jie and Jiang Min's hearts immediately burned with passion.
"I really didn't expect that you would be able to refine an immortal weapon at your age. Have you given your treasured sword a name?" Yan Jie asked.
Generally speaking, blacksmiths would give their weapons a name after refining them. This was considered branding the weapon they had refined. Luo Zheng's treasured sword didn't have a name because Che Daozi hadn't finished refining it. He had entrusted his hopes to someone else, so naturally, Luo Zheng would be the one to name it.
Luo Zheng answered honestly, "This treasured sword is called 'Flowing Light'."
"Flowing Light? Flowing like clouds and flowing water, like light and dust. Good name! "Yan Jie nodded." Good name! Can you lend me this sword to take a look? "
In response to Yan Jie's request, Luo Zheng shook his head. He wasn't a fool. Martial artists regarded their weapons as important as their lives. There was once a martial artist who said a wise saying, "Don't lend out your weapon or your woman on the bed!"
Although Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had just been successfully smelted and Luo Zheng did not rely on the sword to fight, this did not mean that he could casually give this sword to others.
After Luo Zheng refused, Jiang Min, who was next to him, chimed in, "Instructor Yan is a refining master. Although he is not at the level of a grandmaster, he can help you see if there are any shortcomings in this Flowing Light Sword. We are all instructors of the Blue Cloud Sect, so you don't have to be too cautious."
Luo Zheng still refused. He just smiled and said, "Just now, Instructor Yan said that he would take me here to make a record. I don't know what kind of record it is. If you want to make a record, I can cooperate with you. If there is nothing else, I will leave first."
How could Yan Jie and Jiang Min let Luo Zheng go so easily?
In the hearts of the two, the fairy weapon in Luo Zheng's hands was already meat in their mouths.
Even if they had to take a little risk and really kill Luo Zheng here, so what? For a fairy weapon, it was absolutely worth taking this risk! What's more, they had the final say on Dipping Fire Peak. Although the disciples below knew about this matter, as long as they did this matter beautifully, which disciple would dare to go out and say anything?
"This record is indeed necessary, but the most important thing is, what means did you use to smelt this fairy weapon?" Jiang Min did not like to beat around the bush like Yan Jie, so she asked directly.
Luo Zheng was used to this kind of straightforward approach. He immediately said, "Didn't I just say it? I definitely can't answer this question! "
"I'm afraid you can't not answer. You are a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. If you have any discoveries, skills, or secrets, you should share them with the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect's cultivation of you is not in vain," Yan Jie said with a smile. His words were very beautiful, and at the same time, his words also revealed his dense fangs.
"Ah? I smelt the fairy weapon myself. Do I have to go through the Blue Cloud Sect? Do I have to share it with the Blue Cloud Sect? That doesn't make sense, does it? " Luo Zheng pretended to be naive, but in his heart, he was constantly sneering. These two guys finally showed their true colors.
Yan Jie nodded and said with a smile, "This is inevitable. Otherwise, why would the Blue Cloud Sect spend so much manpower and material resources to cultivate outer disciples like you?"
"What if I don't say it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Jiang Min stretched out her hand, and a flame suddenly appeared in his palm. Then she said coldly, "If you don't say it, I'm afraid you won't be able to walk out of Dipping Fire Peak!"
Luo Zheng looked at the flame in Jiang Min's hand, and the smile on his face slowly disappeared, replaced by a cold expression. "Is that so? I think the strength of the two mentors is only at the Xiantian seventh stage. With your strength, I'm afraid you can't keep me here! Since the two mentors insist on making trouble for me, Luo Zheng, then I can also try the power of this Flowing Light Sword! "
After that, Luo Zheng gently rubbed his thumb and pushed the scabbard away. His other hand stretched out to pull out the Flowing Light Sword, and pointed the sword tip at the two mentors. His eyes were indifferent, as if he didn't put the two mentors in his eyes.
Jiang Min and Yan Jie did not expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly be so unyielding. What did they hear from this kid's words? His strength was only at the Xiantian seventh stage? Even if the two of them were not good enough, they still had the strength of the Xiantian seventh stage, and Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage! Why didn't he put the two of them in his eyes?
"Hehe, I didn't expect that Xiao Yufeng, ranked last, could cultivate such an arrogant disciple. He is only at the Xiantian first stage, but he dares to look down on us. Interesting, interesting!" Yan Jie laughed and also stretched out his hand, and a blazing purple flame appeared in his hand.
Every refiner cultivated a different flame.
The flame in Jiang Min's hand was pink, and it was constantly spreading like a delicate peach blossom. This kind of flame didn't seem to be very powerful, but if it was really burned, the temperature and destructive power would be very astonishing!
In contrast, Yan Jie's flame was dark purple, and around the flame, small wisps of flame were constantly emitted. Although the power of this dark purple flame was inferior to the pink flame in Jiang Min's hand, his flame had a special feature, and that was, it was indestructible.
The so-called indestructible flame was not really indestructible, but rather, his purple flame could ignite almost everything in the world, even on the surface of the water, so it created the illusion of an indestructible flame.
As for the real indestructible flame, it was naturally far from something that a refiner of this level could obtain.
Jiang Min was still unwilling to give up and continued to threaten, "I advise you to obediently hand over the secret of refining weapons and the treasured sword in your hand. Otherwise... I can use the flames in my hand to burn your body inch by inch!"
A wisp of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan gushed out from Luo Zheng's body and condensed in Luo Zheng's fists. A part of it even spread in Luo Zheng's hand and climbed along the flowing light sword. Under the stimulation of the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng's imposing manner became extremely astonishing.
"You are the mentors of the Blue Cloud Sect, but you're acting like a robber. But have you ever thought about it? Since I came to the Dipping Fire Peak to refine an immortal tool, I'm naturally not afraid of you knowing. Since you're greedy, you'll have to pay the price for your greed! "Luo Zheng sneered.
"Jiang Min, don't talk nonsense with this brat. First, control him and then force him to tell us the secret!" When Yan Jie saw Luo Zheng's astonishing aura, he had a bad feeling in his heart, but this bad feeling didn't have any effect on him, after all, in his opinion, Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian first stage, so how could he be so strong?
Jiang Min didn't hesitate and waved her hand. Two groups of peach blossom like flames rolled towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng used the flowing light sword for the first time and he used the basic swordsmanship.
Since the basic swordsmanship was full of the word basic, it was the most basic swordsmanship. There were not too many tricks in the basic swordsmanship.
And the things that didn't have too many tricks were often the most practical.
Of course, this didn't mean that the basic swordsmanship was necessarily the best swordsmanship. It was precisely because there were too many people who practiced the basic swordsmanship that everyone was very familiar with the basic swordsmanship. Therefore, every time a move was used, the opponent would easily think of a way to break and restrain it.
The problem was … …
Luo Zheng's arm was inlaid with a piece of Phoenix Soaring Crystal. Using the energy provided by this Phoenix Soaring Crystal, Luo Zheng's sword could reach a terrifying degree of speed.
No matter what it was, if it reached an extreme speed, it would completely change its character. If a flying flower or a falling leaf reached an extreme speed, it could also injure people.
Facing the two blazing balls of flames flying towards him, Luo Zheng sneered and suddenly attacked with the flowing light sword in his hand. His moves were two simple straight thrusts!
"Xiu xiu!"
The flowing light sword was like a stream of light.
The tip of the sword sank into the two balls of flames and a little bit of Sky Demon Zhen Yuan was injected into them.
In the process of flying, the two balls of flames began to change color. First, they were pink, then they turned purple, and then slowly turned into purplish black … …
The Zhen Yuan practiced by refiners was actually a kind of Zhen Yuan. But, they could practice fire attributed power techniques and constantly visualize flames, so they could transform their Zhen Yuan into flames. Therefore, Sky Demon Zhen Yuan could devour these flames.
By the time the two balls of flames flew in front of Luo Zheng, they had been completely devoured and transformed by Sky Demon Zhen Yuan.
Luo Zheng used his left hand to gently lift the two balls of purplish black Zhen Yuan fire. Luo Zheng smiled faintly: "I wonder if you plan to use this to burn my body?"
Because of Luo Zheng's Spirit Artifact Physique, his body was not afraid of being burned by flames. It could be said that he could completely restrain martial artists who practiced fire attributed power techniques. Moreover, the Zhen Yuan fire of these refiners was used to forge weapons and not to kill enemies. Its power was much weaker than that of martial artists who practiced fire attributed power techniques.
Seeing Luo Zheng directly take away her Zhen Yuan fire, Jiang Min was shocked. Yan Jie's expression was also very unsightly.
Even the Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect were shocked when they discovered the strangeness of Luo Zheng's power technique. The vision of these two refiners was naturally far inferior to the Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect. At this moment, they even couldn't understand what was going on with the purplish black Zhen Yuan in Luo Zheng's hand.
Yan Jie reacted faster than Jiang Min. He already knew that he had encountered a tough opponent, but at this moment, he could only act decisively. After all, the gap between Luo Zheng's cultivation realm was right in front of him. Therefore, as soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the purple Zhen Yuan fire in his hand turned into a thin rope and coiled towards Luo Zheng.
Facing the rope of Zhen Yuan fire condensed by Yan Jie, Luo Zheng could completely stand in place without dodging.
When the Zhen Yuan fire approached him, he would directly devour it with the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence.
However, today, Luo Zheng had obtained the Flowing Light Sword. It was inevitable that he was itching to test his skills, so he gave up on using the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence to break the purple fire. Instead, he used the Flowing Light Sword to meet it.
"Basic Swordsmanship, Slashing Sword!"
The Basic Swordsmanship was divided into 17 groups. This Slashing Sword was to swing the sharp sword from top to bottom. It was an extremely ordinary swordsmanship move.
The moment Luo Zheng's sword slashed down, he used the "Flick Sword" again and raised his sword again.
These two ordinary moves were exerted by Luo Zheng's extremely fast speed. The Flowing Light Sword moved up and down and instantly cut the rope of Zhen Yuan fire into countless pieces. Of course, an ordinary sword couldn't cut the rope of Zhen Yuan fire. After all, Zhen Yuan fire wasn't a physical entity. Even if it was cut, it could still fuse back together.
However, Luo Zheng held an immortal weapon in his hand. Even though Luo Zheng was still unable to exert the true power of the immortal weapon, every time the sword chopped out, the sword rays flowing from the Flowing Light Sword would cut off the Zhen Yuan fire and slowly dissipate the Zhen Yuan fire layer by layer.
Under Luo Zheng's cutting, Yan Jie's rope of Zhen Yuan fire was like a long bamboo that was cut into nothingness by the Flowing Light Sword.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 206
Seeing that their Real Fire attacks had no effect, Yan Jie and Jiang Min looked at each other and finally revealed a hint of fear in their eyes.
Perhaps they were really wrong. They shouldn't have regarded Luo Zheng as an ordinary outer court disciple, and they shouldn't have only paid attention to his cultivation!
Xiantian first stage, able to condense an immortal tool, strange True Essence …
How could such a guy be an ordinary person?
Previously, their minds were indeed dominated by greed, and they didn't think about it realistically. Now that their attacks had been easily resolved by Luo Zheng, they carefully thought about it and felt that something was wrong.
Perhaps, this kid was not a character they could afford to provoke.
However, it didn't matter whether they could afford to provoke him or not. Since they had already started, there was no turning back. Not to mention that they hadn't used their full strength. If they had, it would have been hard to say who would win.
The most important thing was that once they subdued Luo Zheng, not only could they obtain a ready-made immortal tool, but they could also obtain the secret of condensing immortal tools that Luo Zheng had mentioned!
As the saying goes, wealth comes from danger. Whether it was a warrior or a refiner, in order to surpass the present and obtain the status they had always dreamed of, they had to pay a considerable amount of risk. Both of them believed that this risk was worth taking.
"Jiang Min, don't hold back!" Yan Jie's eyes were like an eagle's as he stared at Luo Zheng. Then, he took out a spear from his Sumeru Space. The tip of the spear was flowing with traces of blood-red light, while the shaft of the spear was engraved with two spiritual inscriptions.
This spear was a middle-grade spirit weapon, called the Fire Beacon Spear. It was Yan Jie's proudest masterpiece in his life.
At the same time, Jiang Min also pulled out a demon-head broadsword from her Sumeru Ring. On the demon-head broadsword, two spirit patterns were engraved. This demon-head broadsword was also a middle-grade spirit weapon!
Generally speaking, it was difficult for warriors who weren't born in a great aristocratic family to have a particularly good weapon. However, as refiners, these two certainly didn't lack money. The key was that the two middle-grade spirit weapons in their hands were refined by themselves.
Luo Zheng stood with his hands clasped behind his back. His sword was placed horizontally in front of his chest like a crouching dragon. He looked at the two coldly.
Yan Jie pinched the spear shaft, and the Fire Beacon Spear trembled. Wisps of purple True Fire poured into the spear, and the purple True Fire followed the veins in the spear shaft all the way to the tip of the spear, gushing out from the side of the spear tip. The purple True Fire was like the tassel of the Fire Beacon Spear.
Jiang Min also brandished the Ghost Head Saber. The Ghost Head Saber should have been refined using an evil technique. As it was brandished, a series of ghostly wails and wolf howls resounded in the air. It was extremely tragic.
At this moment, the two of them didn't hesitate at all. They attacked Luo Zheng from both sides, one on the left and one on the right.
Although they were blacksmiths, they had stayed in the Blue Cloud Sect for so many years. Although their attainments in martial arts were not as good as their attainments in blacksmithing, the gap was not too big.
"Purple Dragon Pierces the Sun!"
Yan Jie aimed the long spear at Luo Zheng and shook it. The whole spear bent into a bow, and then suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng. The power of this spear was naturally not low!
"Fierce Ghost Devours the Sky!"
Jiang Min also slashed at Luo Zheng from the air. A black Saber Qi slashed toward him. That Saber Qi not only brought with it the sound of whistling wind, but also the sound of ghostly wails and wolf howls.
Facing the joint attack of the two, Luo Zheng's footsteps were light, and he retreated two steps.
Yan Jie's Fire Beacon Spear was one step ahead of Luo Zheng's chest. Luo Zheng just slightly leaned to one side and avoided the tip of the Fire Beacon Spear. However, the moment he avoided the tip of the Fire Beacon Spear, an Astral Spear was shot out from the tip of the spear. The Astral Spear was extremely fierce, and it actually went straight for Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng sneered. The Flowing Light Sword in his hand gently blocked the Astral Spear with the body of the Flowing Light Sword.
Generally speaking, swords were rarely used for defense. This was because the body of the sword was not wide enough, and it was easy to break.
When the Astral Spear hit the Flowing Light Sword, the Flowing Light Sword was completely bent into a bow. However, the Flowing Light Sword was an immortal weapon. Even if it was bent to this extent, there was no possibility of it breaking!
After blocking Yan Jie's Astral Spear, Luo Zheng took advantage of the opportunity to move forward. At this time, he used the Basic Sword Technique.
"Upward Sword!"
"Ding!"
With a simple lift of the sword, Yan Jie's spear was pushed away at an extremely fast speed.
"Hanging Sword!"
"Collapsing Sword!"
Then Luo Zheng used two more sword moves. The Hanging Sword directly hung the Fire Beacon Spear on the ground, and the Collapsing Sword went straight for Yan Jie.
Luo Zheng's series of movements were so fast that Yan Jie almost didn't have time to react. His Fire Beacon Spear was chopped to the ground by Luo Zheng. By the time he realized it, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had gone straight for his face.
Yan Jie's face showed a look of fear. Probably because he was close to death, he felt that time was passing very slowly at this moment. Looking at the bright silver flowing on the Flowing Light Sword, he was afraid that Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword could take his life. He couldn't help but shout in his heart, "My life is over!"
Even though he knew that he couldn't avoid Luo Zheng's sword, he still raised his arm reflexively to protect his chest.
"Puff!"
The tip of the Flowing Light Sword pierced his arm, passed through the two tibia bones in his arm, and came out from the other end of his arm. Its momentum didn't decrease, and it still went straight for Yan Jie's chest. Just as the tip of the sword cut through his robe and pierced his skin, it suddenly stopped.
Yan Jie's face was full of astonishment. He could feel a chill transmitted from the tip of the sword in his chest. How could this sword, which was sure to kill him, stop just like that?
Then Yan Jie looked at Luo Zheng's cold expression. He snorted and immediately withdrew his sword. Apart from his arm being pierced by Luo Zheng, Yan Jie didn't have any other wounds. But the Flowing Light Sword was extremely sharp. When the sword was withdrawn, it didn't even bring out a drop of blood. It only left a thin wound, and for a while, blood still flowed out.
But this kind of injury could only be considered a minor injury for a Xiantian lifeform. Yan Jie had thought that he would die for sure. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would hold back. For a moment, Yan Jie was somewhat at a loss.
Luo Zheng withdrew his Flowing Light Sword, and turned around to launch an "Upward Chop".
Jiang Min's Saber Qi rolled over. The Saber Qi emitted a gloomy feeling, which made people's hearts palpitate.
"Bang!"
The brilliant silver sword radiance blossomed like a meteor on the horizon. It collided with the Saber Qi in an extremely sharp manner. The moment the sword radiance and the Saber Qi collided, those ghost-like wails and wolf-like howls became even louder. One by one, the virtual shadows of black skulls floated around the Saber Qi. They opened their big mouths, and stared at Luo Zheng. It seemed that they wouldn't stop until they had swallowed him.
But the sword radiance of the Flowing Light Sword was extremely sharp. The collision of the Saber Qi and the sword radiance only lasted for a moment. Then, that astonishing Saber Qi was cut into countless fragments by the sword radiance.
After the Saber Qi collapsed, the fragments shot out in all directions, and the originally flat ground became full of holes.
The Flowing Light Sword in Luo Zheng's hand rotated at will. Luo Zheng walked step by step towards Jiang Min.
At this moment, Jiang Min's face was full of panic.
The "Ghost-Like Wails and Wolf-Like Howls Chop" he used just now was the strongest Saber Technique he had cultivated. At that time, in addition to this Saber Technique, he could even forge this Ghost Head Saber. The Cultivation Method and this Ghost Head Saber, a middle-grade Spirit Weapon, complemented each other, and even gave him the ability to challenge those of a higher rank.
Jiang Min's Refining Technique might not be as good as Yan Jie's, but in terms of fighting strength, Jiang Min's strength was absolutely remarkable among the Refining Masters.
But Luo Zheng had only used one sword, and what he used was the most basic Basic Sword Technique?
All martial artists in the early stages of cultivation would practice various skills, fist techniques, basic Saber Techniques, basic Sword Techniques … After they grew up, they would choose the direction of development according to their own characteristics. Jiang Min had chosen the path of a Refining Master, but she still knew the Basic Sword Technique.
Since Luo Zheng was only willing to use the Basic Sword Technique, it meant that he didn't originally use a sword!
Then, Luo Zheng must have other means that he hadn't used yet. Just the Basic Sword Technique was enough to deal with her!
She couldn't possibly be this person's opponent …
Just as this thought arose, it had already taken control of her brain at an uncontrollable speed. At this time, Jiang Min only had one thought left, and that was to escape.
Just as Jiang Min had just dropped the Ghost Head Saber and was about to turn around and run away, Luo Zheng said, "I let the guy behind you go, so naturally I won't kill you. What's more … do you think you can escape?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Jiang Min suddenly stopped. What Luo Zheng said was reasonable. With her strength, she couldn't escape even if she wanted to. What's more, she had just seen Luo Zheng clearly stab Jiang Min with her sword, but Jiang Min didn't fall down. She was originally wondering if Luo Zheng had held back.
Luo Zheng wasn't a kind person. On the path of a martial artist, kindness to others was cruelty to oneself. He was very clear that if he couldn't defeat these two people today, the biggest possibility was that he would be imprisoned by them and forced to reveal the secret of how he could condense a fairy weapon.
Whether he answered or not, he would eventually become a mute corpse and be taken to a hidden mountain. As time passed, he would turn into a pile of yellow soil.
If today was outside the Blue Cloud Sect, he would never have shown mercy. Those who dared to have ideas about him must die.
However, these two people were after all mentors of the Blue Cloud Sect. It was no secret that he had come to Dipping Fire Peak. If he really killed them because of this, and the Blue Cloud Sect investigated, he was afraid that it would cause a lot of trouble for himself and Su Lingyun.
"I let you live because you are mentors of the Blue Cloud Sect, although I also want to kill you two scum!" Luo Zheng said to Yan Jie and Jiang Min indifferently, "Since I let you live, I think you should understand a principle, which is to keep your mouths shut. Also, tell your disciples not to spread it everywhere!"
If this hadn't happened, it would have been difficult to make them keep their mouths shut.
However, as mentors, they were greedy for Luo Zheng. They were probably even more unwilling to spread this kind of scandal than Luo Zheng.
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Yan Jie immediately said, "Don't worry, we won't spread this matter around!"
"Those disciples are all my students. If I tell them to keep their mouths shut, they won't dare to say a word." Jiang Min also swore to the heavens.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "I just want you to be careful. It's not a big deal if it really spreads. You're on your own in the future!"
There were thousands of people on Dipping Fire Peak, and hundreds of them had seen Luo Zheng condense a fairy weapon. At this moment, the disciples on Dipping Fire Peak had probably spread the news to everyone. Luo Zheng didn't believe that they could really control so many people's mouths.
After Luo Zheng left, Yan Jie wiped the sweat on his forehead. Fortunately, Luo Zheng still had some scruples. Otherwise, he and Jiang Min would definitely be dead today. Moreover, according to Luo Zheng's words, he didn't let him and Jiang Min go entirely out of scruples. He felt that this guy didn't put them in his eyes at all!
"Young people nowadays are each more ruthless than the last." Jiang Min picked up the ghost head broadsword from the ground. He hadn't completely extricated himself from the horror just now.
"You're wrong. It's not that young people nowadays are ruthless." Yan Jie shook his head. In addition to his fighting ability, he was much better than Jiang Min in both knowledge and vision. "Young people nowadays are still the same. It's just that in our Blue Cloud Sect, there is one more ruthless person."
He had the strength to challenge a Xiantian seventh stage master and defeated them so easily. His strength was simply unfathomable. What was even more exaggerated was that he could condense a fairy weapon! This kind of person had never appeared since the establishment of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Humph, so what if he's ruthless? He's just an outer disciple. I must find an opportunity to plot against him! "Jiang Min said indignantly. Obviously, he was still somewhat unwilling.
Yan Jie shook his head and sneered. "Plot against him? Haha, Jiang Min, I don't want to criticize you, but you don't think before you speak. He just doesn't want to care about us. You still want to plot against him? I think you're courting death! "

Chapter 207
Only when he left Dipping Fire Peak did Luo Zheng discover that it was raining.
It was the twelfth month of winter, so rain was rather rare.
He raised his head to look at the nearby Purgatory Mountain, his gaze immediately becoming a bit more resolute.
He previously felt that Purgatory Mountain was too high to reach, but as Luo Zheng's strength increased, he understood that the day he rescued his younger sister was already not far away.
His gaze didn't linger on Purgatory Mountain, instead turning around to leave.
The Peak Great Competition was precisely an opportunity for him to stand out. This competition was extremely important to him. Even though there was still some time before the Peak Great Competition, Luo Zheng had to seize every minute and second.
The Peak Great Competition that was held once every three years was about to begin. Almost every disciple felt a sense of urgency.
The outer sect disciples were in a rush to enter the inner sect. The inner sect disciples wanted to climb to the front of the inner sect. Meanwhile, the disciples at the front of the inner sect were planning to obtain a good result in the Peak Great Competition!
Regardless of whether it was the first ranked Lone Sky Peak or the last ranked Xiao Yufeng, regardless of whether their talent was ordinary or extraordinary, they were all cultivating bitterly during this period of time.
Luo Zheng was naturally no exception.
Entering the "Fantasy Fish Pool" consumed too many points. Before, Luo Zheng could cultivate in the "Fantasy Fish Pool" for two hours, but now, he needed four to six hours. The consumption of points was too shocking. Entering the Fantasy Fish Pool once, several hundred points would be gone.
In order to ensure that he had enough points in his disciple token, Luo Zheng could only use square crystals. Luo Zheng couldn't help but be ruthlessly ripped off by the Blue Cloud Sect. Ten thousand square crystals could only be exchanged for five thousand Blue Cloud Sect points. For the sake of cultivation, this was the only way.
After cultivating in the Fantasy Fish Pool for a week, Luo Zheng finally felt that he had broken through while fighting with that fishman!
Stepping from half-step Xiantian to Xiantian was equivalent to breaking through an extremely important bottleneck on the path of martial artists. In comparison, the difficulty of breaking through from Fighter One to Fighter Two was a bit lower.
However, Xiantian lifeforms would also encounter bottlenecks in the future. For example, from the Xiantian ninth stage to the Xiantian tenth stage, which was the peak Xiantian realm, was an extremely difficult bottleneck to break through. And if a peak Xiantian expert wanted to break through to the Divine Illumination realm, the difficulty would be even greater! Only one out of a hundred Connate Full Circle cultivators would be able to enter the Divine Reflection Realm. Most of them would never be able to cross this bottleneck in their entire lives.
Although entering the Xiantian second stage was a good thing, the points in the disciple card were almost depleted …
"This is troublesome." Luo Zheng frowned all the way back to Xiao Yufeng from the Fantasy Fish Pond. He didn't have the slightest joy of breaking through. It was a big trouble for him to run out of points so quickly.
Luo Zheng could cultivate his physique in the Fantasy Fish Pond, but Luo Zheng had just obtained the Flowing Light Sword. Luo Zheng couldn't hone his swordsmanship in the Fantasy Fish Pond.
The most suitable place to practice swordsmanship in the Blue Cloud Sect was the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform. However, the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform didn't consume as many points as the Fantasy Fish Pond. The Fantasy Fish Pond cost 200 points per hour, while the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform cost 80 points.
Luo Zheng guessed that this was probably because the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform could allow many people to cultivate at the same time, while the Fantasy Fish Pond could only accommodate one person at a time.
The problem was that Luo Zheng only had a trifling 180 points left in his disciple card. At most, he could cultivate on the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform for two hours, which wasn't enough at all …
Luo Zheng gloomily climbed onto the Xiao Yufeng and prepared to have a good rest after a big meal. He didn't expect to bump into Zhang Wuxian just after dinner.
When Luo Zheng saw Zhang Wuxian, he was like a land that had been dry for a long time meeting the Dragon King who had rained. If the Sky Derivation Essence that he entrusted to Zhang Wuxian to auction was successfully sold, Luo Zheng's desperate situation would be solved!
"How is it?" Luo Zheng, who had always been calm, asked impatiently at this moment.
Seeing Luo Zheng's impatient appearance, Zhang Wuxian was puzzled. Luo Zheng had received a large sum of square crystals from the last auction of crystal cores. If those square crystals were given to other outer disciples, it would be considered a huge sum of money. However, Luo Zheng seemed to be in urgent need of square crystals …
Although it was strange, Zhang Wuxian didn't ask directly. He only smiled and said, "Your item was successfully sold at the last auction!"
"What was the final transaction price?" Luo Zheng asked. Although he hadn't been to the auction, this item couldn't be faked. Every treasure auctioned at the Tianlu Auction House and sold at a sky-high price would soon be spread by word of mouth. At that time, Luo Zheng would be able to easily find out.
Zhang Wuxian chuckled and kept him in suspense. "Make a guess!"
Seeing Zhang Wuxian's smiling face, Luo Zheng guessed that the Sky Derivation Essence's operation must have been very successful. It must have been auctioned at a good price. This price would definitely not be lower than the previous auction price. After thinking for a while, he gave a rough price. "150,000?"
Zhang Wuxian shook his head with an unfathomable look.
"200,000?" Luo Zheng simply gave a higher price.
"Too low!"
"250,000?" Luo Zheng was also a little excited. Previously, at the Tianlu Auction House, Luo Zheng had personally seen the Heaven's Divination Essence being auctioned off at a price of 120,000. Could it be that this time, through Zhang Wu County's operations, the Heaven's Divination Essence would be auctioned off at twice the price?
Zhang Wuxian chuckled and said, "28,000!"
"So much?" Hearing this number, Luo Zheng was pleasantly surprised. They were both Heaven Amplification Essences. Why was it only 120,000 Heaven Amplification Essences last time and 280,000 Heaven Amplification Essences this time? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
"I didn't expect it to be so intense this time." Zhang Wuxian shook his head and stared at Luo Zheng. He smiled and said, "You're lucky! You just happened to bump into two big families smelting immortal artifacts! "
"Two big families?" Luo Zheng was still confused.
The two big families that Zhang Wuxian mentioned were the Yu Family of the Forbidden City and the Yun Family of the Qilin.
It was said that these two clans wanted to improve the quality of their Immortal Artifacts, turning their Low Grade Immortal Artifacts into Mid Grade Immortal Artifacts.
Every weapon only had one chance to be refined from the smelting process to the forging process. The refinement process directly determined the grade of the weapon.
Luo Zheng had been able to refine the Flowing Light Sword because Che Daozi had been unable to do so at that time and had given the opportunity to someone else, Luo Zheng.
Once a weapon was refined, it was extremely difficult to upgrade its grade. Either the weapon had to be melted down and reforged, which was equivalent to refining a new weapon, or the weapon's power could be increased by embedding crystals. However, there was a limit to the increase in power.
The last method was to use a secret method to fuse the Sky Derivation Essence into the weapon and forcefully upgrade its grade.
Unfortunately, Sky Derivation Essence was so rare that it could only be seen once every few years. To upgrade a low-grade immortal artifact to a middle-grade immortal artifact, it usually required dozens or even hundreds of drops of Sky Derivation Essence.
The Yu and Yun Families had been around for so many years and had two or three low-grade immortal artifacts. However, they didn't have a single middle-grade immortal artifact! In fact, five of the seven major landowning families each had a middle-grade immortal artifact.
This was also why the Yu and Yun Families wanted to use Sky Derivation Essence to refine middle-grade immortal artifacts.
In the last auction, fifty drops of Sky Derivation Essence had landed in the hands of Old Man Huang of the Sky Dragon Huang Family. How could the Yu and Yun Families miss out on it this time?
From the start of the auction, the two families had been fighting fiercely. In one breath, the price had risen to 130,000 cubes of crystal, instantly blocking out the other bidders. The Yu and Yun Families began to slowly compete. During this time, the two families had even sent people to each other's seats in private to exchange terms. If the other party gave up, the family would take out other things to compensate the party who gave up.
Unfortunately, the Sky Derivation Essence was too tempting. Both sides couldn't give up and could only engage in a fierce battle!
Therefore, the scale of the auction this time far exceeded that of the previous one! In the end, the price soared all the way to 280,000 cubes of crystal before it stopped. In the end, the Sky Derivation Essence landed in the hands of the Yu Family.
After listening to Zhang Wuxian's description of the auction, Luo Zheng could imagine how intense the bidding had been. The Yu and Yun Families had almost quarreled. If not for the fact that they were both landowning families, they would have fought on the spot.
Zhang Wuxian took out a small card from his pocket. The card was bright and shone with a faint green light. Then, he said to Luo Zheng, "Take out your token. After deducting the auction house's handling fee, you still have 250,000 cubes of crystal left. I'll transfer it to your token now."
The Tianlu Auction House's handling fee was divided into several types. If an ordinary person brought something to auction, they would have to deduct 20% or even 30% of the price! This was the Tianlu Auction House's biggest source of profit. However, Zhang Wuxian had helped Luo Zheng apply for the lowest fee, which was only 10%.
Even if it was only 10% of the handling fee, the Tianlu Auction House had made a net profit of 28,000 cubes of crystal!
And this result would be firmly recorded in Zhang Wuxian's' account book '! Therefore, Zhang Wuxian had to thank Luo Zheng at this moment.
Luo Zheng immediately took out his disciple token from his spatial ring and threw it to Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian placed the green translucent card together with the Tianlu Ticket House's token. As the yuan qi in his hand surged, the translucent card began to slowly melt. In a short while, it had completely merged with the Tianlu Ticket House's token.
This translucent card was refined from a kind of demonic beast's crystal core. It recorded the number of crystal stones of the Tianlu Ticket House and so on. Moreover, it was encrypted using the Zhang Family's special method, so it was very convenient to use.
When the card merged with the token, the record of the 252,000 cubes of crystal stones was also stored in the token.
"Good! This transaction is a complete success! But Brother Luo Zheng, you said last time that you still have Heaven's Divination Essence. Don't tell me you really have it … "Zhang Wuxian asked tentatively.
Zhang Wuxian knew that Luo Zheng was not one to speak blindly. If he said he had it, then he had it. However, if he had not seen it with his own eyes, it was hard to believe that he could take out so much Heaven's Divination Essence at any time!
It would be best if he had it. Heaven's Divination Essence was the most sought-after item in the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital. It could be said that he could help Luo Zheng sell as much as Luo Zheng had in his hands. But … did Luo Zheng really have more?
A mysterious smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. After putting away the Tianlu Ticket House's token, he led Zhang Wuxian to a secluded corner and took out a small bottle.
"This is a hundred drops of Heaven's Divination Essence. It's up to you whether to auction it once or twice," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Zhang Wuxian's eyes widened. "There really is more, and it's a hundred drops …"

Chapter 208
Luo Zheng naturally had more than this amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. He had more than 600 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence and entrusted Zhang Wuxian to auction off 50 drops. He still had more than 500 drops left. He had used more than 100 drops to smelt the Sword of Light. Including the bottle in his hand, Luo Zheng still had 400 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence left.
"Since it's so easy to sell, will the 100 drops be auctioned off in two batches of 50 drops or one batch of 100 drops?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This … this, of course, will be auctioned off in one batch of 100 drops!" Zhang Wuxian was so excited that his voice suddenly became louder. However, he quickly covered his mouth. After all, he could not reveal that the Heaven's Divination Essence was obtained from Luo Zheng. His fat head looked left and right twice.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Don't worry, no one will notice us!" Luo Zheng's soul power was much stronger than Zhang Wuxian's and Xiao Yufeng's. Even if he closed his eyes, he could tell if anyone was watching him.
"If they want to upgrade a low-grade immortal weapon to a middle-grade immortal weapon, 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence might not be enough. Therefore, no blacksmith will hold back during the smelting process. They will put all the Heaven's Divination Essence in one go. The more Heaven's Divination Essence there is, the higher the success rate!" Zhang Wuxian said.
For example, if 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were put into a low-grade immortal weapon, the probability of upgrading it to a middle-grade immortal weapon was only 20%. However, if 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were put into a low-grade immortal weapon, the probability of upgrading it to a middle-grade immortal weapon was 50%!
Therefore, the value of 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence was actually higher than 50 drops.
Just like when Luo Zheng smelted the Sword of Light, putting all the Heaven's Divination Essence into the Sword of Light was actually the right way to do it. However, Luo Zheng was too wasteful. He did not pay attention to the important parts and almost wrapped the entire sword with the Heaven's Divination Essence … It could only be said that Luo Zheng had too much Heaven's Divination Essence.
"If that's the case, I'll leave it to you, Brother Wuxian!" Luo Zheng handed a small bottle filled with 100 drops of Sky Amplification Essence to Zhang Wuxian.
The 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were squeezed into the small bottle like independent little fairies. They emitted a silvery-white glow that was very enchanting. Seeing so much Heaven's Divination Essence, Zhang Wuxian felt that it was unreal. God knew where Luo Zheng had gotten so much Heaven's Divination Essence!
This involved Luo Zheng's secret, so Zhang Wuxian certainly wouldn't speak out of turn. He only carefully placed it into his spatial ring, and then said with a serious smile, "I will definitely live up to Brother Luo Zheng's trust!"
Luo Zheng took out 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence for the second time. According to Zhang Wuxian's judgment, Luo Zheng definitely had a lot of Heaven's Divination Essence in his hands, and there were probably more than 100 drops. Luo Zheng had either found a secret place with a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence available, or he had found a way to refine Heaven's Divination Essence! However, whether it was the former or the latter, it was Luo Zheng's own opportunity.
Now that Luo Zheng was short on money, Zhang Wuxian had given him another 250,000 square crystal stones at a critical time. For him, this could be considered a solution to his desperate situation.
The next day, Luo Zheng went to the point exchange office and exchanged the 50,000 square crystal stones for 25,000 points. Without stopping, he rushed to the Seven Star Sword Light Platform.
Like the Fantasy Fish Pond, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was also a cultivation mystic realm. However, the Fantasy Fish Pond was built a long time ago, and could only accommodate one person at a time. On the other hand, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform could accommodate several hundred people cultivating at the same time!
Luo Zheng thought that if several hundred people cultivated together, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform wouldn't be like the Fantasy Fish Pond, where one would have to wait. Previously, when Luo Zheng went to the Fantasy Fish Pond, he would often encounter people cultivating inside, and he would have to wait outside for several hours. Sometimes, he would wait for more than one person, because before Luo Zheng went, there would already be others waiting.
Although the Fantasy Fish Pond was expensive, it was surprisingly effective in tempering one's cultivation. Not to mention, several hundred points was an astronomical number for an ordinary disciple, but it wasn't worth mentioning for the great aristocratic families.
But when Luo Zheng arrived at the Seven Star Sword Light Platform, he was immediately dumbfounded. In front of him was a long line of people. The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was already overcrowded, and there were several hundred people lining up …
"How could this be?" Luo Zheng looked at the dense crowd and slowly walked over.
The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was completed six years ago. It was said that when a family was excavating ore deposits in the north, they dug up a ten zhang tall and three hundred zhang wide polar spirit stone. After the Blue Cloud Sect found out, they spent a large amount of money to buy that polar spirit stone.
Such a huge polar spirit stone, even the almighty of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't transport it all at once. In the end, the huge polar spirit stone was cut into six pieces, which were loaded onto a giant flying chariot and transported back.
Then, the array masters of the Blue Cloud Sect set up an illusion array and borrowed the power of the polar spirit stone to hone their sword skills!
Although the Seven Star Sword Light Platform could also be used to hone their saber, spear, and staff skills, everyone discovered that the Seven Star Sword Light Platform had the best effect on honing their sword skills. In addition, the Blue Cloud Sect had the most sword practitioners, so slowly, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform became a place that specialized in cultivating sword skills.
If you came with a large saber, they wouldn't even let you enter.
Luo Zheng walked to the front of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform and quickly discovered that there were two lines in front of him. He frowned slightly. Could it be that the line here required the landowning household document to have priority?
This line was as long as a dragon, and there were hundreds of people. Moreover, they had to wait for the disciples on the Seven Star Sword Light Platform to give up their positions before they could enter. One could imagine how long they had to wait. Now that the All-Peak Tournament was approaching, almost all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were seizing the time to cultivate. Therefore, the time they had to wait in line outside was quite long.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that some people in this line had already waited for a day or even longer!
As for the other line, although they were also waiting in line, their speed was much faster. On the other hand, there were only a dozen people in the line.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng still walked toward the line with fewer people.
"Brother, why are there fewer people in line here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The person Luo Zheng asked was a black-robed disciple. That person turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe, his face revealed a look of contempt. "Why don't you go over there and line up?"
"Why? Is it possible that outer sect disciples aren't allowed to line up here? "Luo Zheng saw that the people in line were all wearing black robes, so he asked this question.
That person laughed twice. "Haven't you seen the strength of this line? This line is for the eighth, ninth, and tenth floors of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform! If you don't have the strength, go over there and line up. The line over there can enter the first to the seventh floors! "
"Oh! I see! "Luo Zheng nodded. He had a rough idea of what to do.
It turned out that the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was not the same as the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool. Because the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool had been built for a long time, the level design was not so reasonable. As a result, every time Luo Zheng entered the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool, he had to dive down from the first floor.
Because the first 150 meters of the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool was of little help to Luo Zheng's practice, every time he dived down, he had to waste a lot of time.
The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was different. It was directly divided into levels. The weaker disciples would choose the first to the seventh floor to practice, while the stronger disciples would choose the eighth to the tenth floor to practice.
The black-robed disciples lining up here were not weak. Basically, they were at the Xiantian Seventh Stage to the Xiantian Ninth Stage, and one of them was even at the Peak of the Xiantian Realm. No wonder they were lining up here.
Such being the case, it was easy for Luo Zheng to make a choice.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not practice any swordsmanship. Moreover, he was still using the basic swordsmanship. However, in terms of real fighting strength, he believed that he would not lose to these black-robed disciples in front of him. Since they could choose to line up here, Luo Zheng could also challenge the eighth floor and above.
Therefore, Luo Zheng stood quietly at the back of the line.
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not move, the black-robed disciple in front of him turned around and said: "What's wrong? It seems that this is your first time to practice on the Seven Star Sword Light Platform. Let me kindly remind you that the most important thing is to choose the difficulty that suits you. Although there is an illusory formation in the Seven Star Fractal Platform, the Magnetic Aurora extracted from the Extreme Earth Spirit Stone is real. If you are not careful, you may be seriously injured! Think about your own strength! I advise you to line up over there! "After saying this, the black-robed disciple pointed to the long line next to him.
The black-robed disciple's voice was so loud that it immediately attracted the attention of the disciples who were lining up next to him.
Although the Seven Star Sword Light Platform only required 80 points to practice for two hours, and the price was different according to different levels, but it was still not something that ordinary outer court disciples could afford.
Therefore, in this long line, most of the disciples were black-robed disciples. Only a small number of disciples were wearing white robes. These outer court disciples were probably from well-off families, so they could afford the cost.
At this moment, they found out that Luo Zheng was actually a white-robed outer court disciple!
At the front of the line, Luo Zheng was basically wearing a uniform black robe. Only Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe, which suddenly appeared very conspicuous.
Not to mention, among the black-robed disciples in front of Luo Zheng, the lowest realm was at the Xiantian seventh stage, eighth stage, and even one of them was at the peak of the Xiantian realm. However, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage …
Many people laughed in their hearts when they saw this scene. There were always some people in this world that didn't know their own weight. Once that white robed disciple that overestimated his ability entered the Seven Star Sword Radiance Platform and suffered a great loss, he naturally understood …
Luo Zheng naturally did not care about other people's opinions. As for the black-robed disciple's "kind words", Luo Zheng just smiled and said: "I appreciate your kindness, but I just want to give it a try!"
The black-robed disciple saw that his persuasion was ineffective and did not bother to persuade him again. He just shook his head and muttered in a low voice: "You overestimate yourself!"
Luo Zheng did not line up for long. After a while, more than 20 people came down from the Seven Star Sword Light Platform. The strength of these people was not ordinary. Each of them was a sword cultivator, and they all carried their treasured swords on their backs. They did not put them in their Sumeru Rings.
Many sword cultivators, in order to hone their sword intent, kept their treasured swords close to their bodies. No matter what, they would not separate their swords.
Seeing that the chests of this group of sword cultivators were engraved with the same kind of runes, Luo Zheng knew that they should be the elite inner court disciples of a certain mountain peak to come here to practice.
After that group of people came out, Luo Zheng's line began to file in.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 209
When it was Luo Zheng's turn, Luo Zheng handed the disciple card to the deacon at the door. The deacon kept his head down and received the disciple cards one by one without looking up. But when he saw that Luo Zheng's disciple card was an outer disciple's token, he was stunned. When did outer disciples come here to join in the fun? Since he became a deacon here, he had never received an outer disciple.
The deacon raised his head with a look of astonishment. He looked at the name on Luo Zheng's disciple card and said slowly, "This disciple named Luo Zheng, we are going to the eighth floor of the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform. With your strength, I'm afraid it's not suitable for you to go in. You'd better line up at the side!"
The black-robed disciple who had kindly advised Luo Zheng had already finished registering. At this time, he turned back and said, "It's useless. I just told him that he insisted on going to the eighth floor!"
The deacon thought that Luo Zheng was not clear about the rules of the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform and was about to explain it to Luo Zheng. But when he heard the black-robed disciple's words, he understood that Luo Zheng originally intended to enter the eighth floor …
"Cough cough … this disciple, there is not only an illusory array in the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform, but also the magnetic aurora contained in the polar spirit stone. It can also hurt people!" The deacon continued to persuade.
"It's useless. I just told him that he still wants to go in," the black-robed disciple said again.
The deacon was at his wit's end and could only shrug his shoulders. He was only a deacon on the Seven Star Sword Radiance Platform and not Luo Zheng's teacher. His greatest duty was to inform Luo Zheng of the dangers and difficulties involved, but Luo Zheng simply didn't listen to his advice, so what else could he do?
So the deacon took Luo Zheng's disciple card and took out another token to give to Luo Zheng. He realized that it was Luo Zheng's first time entering the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform. At the same time, he told Luo Zheng, "With this token, you can choose the difficulty when you enter the Sword Light Platform. Different difficulties will deduct different points …"
"Okay, I'll keep that in mind." After Luo Zheng received the token, he followed the black-robed disciples inside.
The Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was a very large and beautiful building. From the outside, it looked like an observation platform. In front of Luo Zheng, there were small terraced terraced platforms. The edges of the platforms were built with a circle of white marble railings. The railings were carved with all kinds of fierce beasts, dragons, and snakes.
After walking for a short distance, a small bridge appeared in the air. The width of the small bridge was only about the width of one person, and it was impossible for two people to cross side by side. Thus, all the disciples entered in a single file.
After walking for a while, the small bridges diverged, and each small bridge led to a platform.
The black-robed disciple in front of Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and asked Luo Zheng with a smile, "Which platform do you choose?"
The difficulty of each platform was different. The rightmost platform was marked with the word "Eight", which was the eighth level of difficulty. The left platform was marked with the word "Nine", which was the ninth level of difficulty. The center platform was marked with the word "Xi", which was the tenth level of difficulty.
Luo Zheng had come here for the first time, so he didn't have a rough idea of the difficulty of the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform. He shrugged his shoulders and said, "I don't know. Which difficulty do you choose? I'll go with you. "
The black-robed disciple smiled and said, "I'm at the Xiantian eighth stage, but I can barely adapt to the eighth level of difficulty." The implication was that he, a dignified Xiantian eighth stage master, could only adapt to the eighth level of difficulty. With Luo Zheng's strength, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to survive.
"Well, I also choose!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled and followed the black-robed disciple.
The black-robed disciple shook his head. He had seen a lot of people who overestimated themselves, but he had never seen someone who overestimated himself like this. Fine, this kind of person would make him suffer a few times, so he took the lead and walked towards the eighth level of difficulty.
Along this path, just as he stepped onto the platform, the surrounding scenery suddenly changed. The illusion matrix on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform had been activated at this moment.
The illusion matrix on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was not outstanding, and compared to other illusion matrices, it was even somewhat simple and crude. The reason was that this Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was mainly used to hone the sword intent, and the most important thing to hone the sword intent was to concentrate the mind and fully blend the mind with the sword in the hand, and reach the stage of 'man and sword become one'.
After entering the platform, the black-robed disciple untied a long sword from his back.
The long sword was tightly wrapped. After the black-robed disciple untied many layers, the treasured sword in the middle was revealed. On the scabbard of the treasured sword, a dragon made of gold was entrenched in the scabbard, and it looked very mighty and domineering.
The black-robed disciple slowly pulled the sword out of the scabbard, making a crisp sword sound. He smiled at Luo Zheng and said: "This sword is called 'Torch Dragon', and it's a middle-grade spiritual weapon!"
This black-robed disciple was born in a landowning household, but his landowning household was not very powerful. In addition, he was a collateral disciple in the landowning household, and his status was not high. He was basically relying on himself to cultivate all the way to today's level. Being able to obtain a middle-grade spiritual weapon was enough for him to be proud.
After all, most of the black-robed disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect may only have one high-grade Xuan Weapon, or even one low-grade Xuan Weapon.
"It's a very beautiful treasured sword, but … I don't know how to cultivate on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform?" Luo Zheng looked around. The illusory array on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was too simple. There was not even a scenery.
Everywhere was gray, and the line of sight was blocked by smoke. Compared to the exquisite illusory array on the Blood Red Mountain, it was simply a world of difference.
The black-robed disciple pointed not far away and said: "Do you see the two pillars in front?"
Luo Zheng looked not far away. There were indeed two pillars, and above the pillars were two crystal balls.
"Follow me!" The black-robed disciple held the treasured sword and led Luo Zheng to the two crystal balls. "Do you see the names on them?"
Luo Zheng looked over and saw the names engraved on the crystal balls. One of the crystal balls showed the two words "Luo Zheng", and the other crystal ball showed the two words "Zhao Zhao". Presumably, Zhao Zhao was the name of this black-robed disciple.
"This crystal ball belongs to you. In a while, when the illusory array on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform is activated, those polar spirit stones will release the Magnetic Aurora! The Magnetic Aurora will shoot from all directions, and you must use your sword to split the Magnetic Aurora! The power of the Magnetic Aurora will increase with the difficulty. If you hold an ordinary sword, I'm afraid that one Magnetic Aurora will destroy your sword. " While speaking, Zhao Zhao gently touched the blade of his precious sword named 'Torch Dragon'. Obviously, he had used this sword to deal with many Dimensional Magnetic Auroras.
So that's how it is. Luo Zheng quickly understood. In the end, the trial on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was to protect the crystal ball in the center. If the crystal ball was broken, the cultivation would be over. These swordsmen relied on the endless Magnetic Aurora to sharpen their sword intent.
"Rumble …"
Suddenly, the sound of thunder came from the sky.
"Alright, hurry up and draw your sword. The Protomagnetic Aurora is coming. Each crystal ball can only withstand three hits. When the crystal ball is hit three times by the Protomagnetic Aurora, it will shatter and you will be eliminated. Be careful!" Zhao Zhao warned.
Luo Zheng nodded. He took out the Flowing Light sword from his spatial ring, grasped the hilt, and gently pulled.
"Hum hum hum …"
A clear and melodious sword cry sounded out.
Zhao Zhao was waiting for Luo Zheng to draw his sword. He wanted to see just what kind of treasured sword Luo Zheng would be able to pull out.
When Zhao Zhao saw the Flowing Light sword in Luo Zheng's hand, he was immediately dumbfounded …
From the outside, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light sword was not as mighty and domineering as Zhao Zhao's Torch Dragon sword. It looked just like an ordinary sword. But looking at the bright silver luster flowing around the sword body, it gave people a soul-stirring feeling!
Especially when Zhao Zhao saw a looming immortal pattern on the sword body, he could not help but swallow his saliva. "This, this is an immortal tool!"
Luo Zheng gently shook the Flowing Light sword. The sword light was like an old dragon sucking in water, little by little. He turned his head and smiled at Zhao Zhao, "Probably."
Probably … …
Zhao Zhao felt that his throat was somewhat dry. A Xiantian second stage martial artist was said to carry an immortal tool with him!
According to Zhao Zhao's understanding, even a Xiantian great circle martial artist was not qualified to carry an immortal tool, because they simply could not display the power of an immortal tool. However, some Xiantian great circle martial artists were born in noble families. As the core disciples of noble families, under the care of their elders, it was possible for them to be bestowed an immortal tool!
But, but … …
This Luo Zheng was still an outer disciple, and his strength was only at Xiantian second stage. No matter how one looked at it, it was impossible for him to have an immortal tool. This was beyond common sense.
Zhao Zhao certainly did not think that this immortal tool was personally refined by Luo Zheng, and it was not bestowed by anyone. If it was really bestowed, then it was because of fate with the woman of Qianji Pavilion, who had given this semi-finished product to Luo Zheng.
Zhao Zhao was still in a daze. Not far away, two translucent auroras, as thick as the mouth of a bowl, were flashing a faint blue light. The two auroras were flying towards him at a moderate speed.
"Is this the Magnetic Auroras?" Luo Zheng stared at the approaching Magnetic Auroras, holding the Flowing Light sword in his hand and gently raising it, ready to attack.
Zhao Zhao's mentality at this moment was extremely unbalanced. How could a Xiantian second stage martial artist be able to wield an immortal tool! What kind of world was this? Wasn't this a reckless waste of natural resources? So what if he had an immortal tool? If he could not display the power of an immortal tool, then what was the difference between an immortal tool and a piece of wood in his hand?
Feeling indignant, Zhao Zhao jumped up and chopped at one of the Magnetic Auroras with the "Torch Dragon" in his hand. He wanted to let Luo Zheng understand that the sword was not the most important thing, but the person using the sword was the most important! Even if he was holding a middle-grade spirit tool, the power he could display was far stronger than Luo Zheng!
"Wild Dragon Roaring Sword!"
"Roar!"
Wild Dragon Roaring Sword was a very overbearing and powerful swordsmanship. Every time the sword was chopped out, it would form a dragon roar in the air, and its power was astonishing.
A dragon-shaped Sword Qi suddenly formed from Zhao Zhao's sword, and with a roar, it immediately rushed towards the Magnetic Auroras and entangled with them.
The Magnetic Auroras were a very sharp energy that could be used to hone sword intent. If the sword intent was sharp enough, then the Magnetic Auroras would be cut into pieces faster. On the other hand, if the sword intent was not sharp enough, then it would be difficult to break the Magnetic Auroras.
When Zhao Zhao's Sword Qi and the Magnetic Auroras entangled together, the Magnetic Auroras were bitten into pieces by the dragon-shaped Sword Qi and disintegrated. After a while, the Magnetic Auroras were torn into pieces by the dragon-shaped Sword Qi.
Seeing his results, Zhao Zhao's face showed a satisfied expression. Obviously, his sword intent had improved. Compared to the last time when he was fighting against the Magnetic Auroras, it was 10% faster. With this speed, he could probably last for 30 minutes in the eighth level of difficulty this time.
After Zhao Zhao dealt with his Magnetic Auroras, he looked at Luo Zheng. He wanted to see how Luo Zheng could display the power of an immortal tool!
Luo Zheng was still quietly standing in place. When the Magnetic Auroras approached, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly moved. The Flowing Light Sword in his hand suddenly slashed out, and it was still a simple "Sword Slash".
"Sword Slash?" Zhao Zhao's face showed a very awkward expression.
As a swordsman, he was very familiar with basic swordsmanship. This Luo Zheng did not practice any other swordsmanship? Only basic swordsmanship? Using an immortal tool to display basic swordsmanship?
Heavens … Zhao Zhao felt that his whole body was not good.
"Whoosh!"
With this simple slash, a half-moon shaped silver light was instantly formed. The bright silver light was so dazzling that it followed the direction Luo Zheng slashed out, and the sword light precisely cut into the middle of the Magnetic Auroras.

Chapter 210
The entire process took place in the blink of an eye. The time it took to destroy the Primary Magnetic Aurora was much shorter than Zhao Zhao's.
"…" Zhao Zhao's mouth was wide open. In such a short period of time, he had received so much stimulation that he felt a little sluggish.
Luo Zheng looked at Zhao Zhao's appearance and said faintly, "More Primary Magnetic Auroras are coming. Be careful!"
Not far away, another four Primary Magnetic Auroras were flying in their direction.
Zhao Zhao, who had been thoroughly defeated by Luo Zheng, felt a chill in his heart and his expression became serious.
The cultivation of swordsmanship was about protecting the heart of the sword, sharpening the sword intent, not being disturbed by external factors, and killing all inner demons.
Just now, Luo Zheng had repeatedly exceeded Zhao Zhao's expectations and caused Zhao Zhao's heart of the sword to become unstable. If the heart of the sword was unstable, the sword intent would also be weakened. In this way, the power of the sword in one's hand would also be affected. Therefore, the wavering of one's heart was a great taboo for swordsmen.
Seeing Zhao Zhao recover so quickly, Luo Zheng also smiled slightly. In the end, Zhao Zhao was a swordsman who cultivated swordsmanship. To be able to stabilize the heart of the sword in such a short period of time was very praiseworthy!
Luo Zheng didn't say much and also began to seriously deal with the Primary Magnetic Auroras!
The Primary Magnetic Auroras came wave after wave, and the number of waves was constantly increasing.
If the first wave only had one Primary Magnetic Auroras, then the second wave would have two, the third wave would have three, and so on.
In order to protect the crystal ball, the most important thing was to destroy the speed of the Primary Magnetic Auroras.
The Primary Magnetic Auroras were a kind of very pure energy. The auroras extracted from the polar spirit stones were very stable and were rarely disturbed by external factors.
Just like the dragon intent contained in Zhao Zhao's dragon-shaped sword qi, if used to fight against enemies or kill monsters, the effect would be good. However, it didn't have much effect on the Primary Magnetic Auroras. In order to cut the Primary Magnetic Auroras, one still relied on the sword intent, which was the pure understanding of swordsmanship!
Therefore, the Primary Magnetic Auroras were the best choice to sharpen the sword intent!
Luo Zheng and Zhao Zhao were constantly killing the Primary Magnetic Aurora, from the first wave all the way to the fifteenth wave.
This time, thirty Essencefused Auroras rushed over in one breath. Luo Zheng and Zhao Zhao each had fifteen.
"Break!"
The sword light in Luo Zheng's hand was like rippling waves in a lake. Layer upon layer, it slashed towards the magnetic auroras.
Waves of sword light crisscrossed back and forth, instantly killing the Protomagnetic Auroras.
The fifteen Essencefused Auroras were separated from each other, but how fast was Luo Zheng killing them? In a short while, they were all killed by Luo Zheng.
On the other hand, Zhao Zhao's speed was far inferior to Luo Zheng's. Zhao Zhao was already faintly struggling to deal with this.
He had to spend quite a bit of time on each of the magnetic auroras. Although the speed of the magnetic auroras was not particularly fast, they were still steadily flying towards the crystal in the middle. As long as one escaped the net, it would cause damage to the crystal. If there were three magnetic auroras, the crystal would be completely destroyed.
"Roar! Roar! "
Dragon-shaped sword beams slashed out from Zhao Zhao's' torch dragon '. As the Protomagnetic Auroras flew, Zhao Zhao destroyed 14 of them in one breath. However, in the end, one of the Protomagnetic Auroras slipped through the net and shot towards the crystal.
Zhao Zhao wanted to come back to save it, but it was already too late. He could only watch as the magnetic auroras drilled into the crystal.
"Crack!"
There was a thin crack extending from the crystal ball on the pillar.
Zhao Zhao's face was very ugly. He did not expect that this time, the first crack would appear after he had only persisted to the fifteenth wave. His previous best result was that the first crack appeared in the seventeenth wave. Compared to his previous results, he seemed to have regressed.
Luo Zheng looked indifferent and shook his head slightly. He could help Zhao Zhao, but the purpose of the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform was to hone one's sword intent. Relying on others' help would not have any effect. This could only depend on Zhao Zhao's own efforts.
After the cracks appeared on the crystal ball, Zhao Zhao clearly fought even harder. There were several times when he directly rushed to the magnetic auroras and brandished his sword.
Although the magnetic auroras' flight speed was not fast, if one was accidentally hit by the magnetic auroras, they would still be seriously injured. Therefore, Zhao Zhao's actions appeared very rash.
Although he was rash, the results were not bad after Zhao Zhao fought even harder. In the sixteenth and seventeenth waves, he did not miss any magnetic auroras.
And in these two waves, Luo Zheng still dealt with them very easily. Similarly, he did not miss any magnetic auroras.
However, when it came to the twentieth wave, Zhao Zhao missed another Proton Magnetic Aurora. The cracks on the crystal ball behind him had already spread to the middle of the ball. At this moment, his crystal ball was in imminent danger. If it was hit by another Proton Magnetic Aurora, it would completely shatter, and this cultivation session would come to an end.
After the end of the twentieth wave, Zhao Zhao sighed. Instead, he smiled and said, "Not bad. In the past, I could at most persist until the seventeenth wave without missing a single auroras. Then I missed one auroras in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth waves … this time, I was able to persist until the twentieth wave, but I'm afraid I won't be able to endure the twenty-first wave no matter what."
Zhao Zhao's heart was also full of frustration. Just now, he had looked down on Luo Zheng. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would persist until now without any difficulty. Instead, it was he who was about to be eliminated …
Luo Zheng put away the Flowing Light Sword and said faintly, "How can you know if you don't try? What's more, this isn't a real battle. Even if you fight, you won't lose your life. Only in a desperate struggle can you comprehend the pinnacle of the Sword Dao. If you are willing to fight, you may be able to endure the twenty-first or twenty-second wave. If you give up in your heart, then you have truly given up. "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Zhao was slightly taken aback. In his heart, he thought, "Yes, as long as I am a little careful, these Primary Magnetic Auroras won't hurt me so easily. Why don't I test my limits and see how far I can go?"
Thinking of this, Zhao Zhao's pupils contracted slightly. A sharp aura once again spread out from his body.
The aura of a swordsman was originally extremely sharp. Only by maintaining this sharp aura in his heart could he rely on the sword in his hand to break through all things in the world!
Unconsciously, even Zhao Zhao himself didn't realize that his understanding of the Sword Dao seemed to have deepened a little.
"The twenty-first wave is coming. Come on!" Luo Zheng said in a deep voice.
"Come on!" Zhao Zhao raised his Qi in one breath and gathered it all in the "Torch Dragon" sword in his hand. As he slashed out with his sword, dragon-shaped Sword Qi surged in all directions. On the entire platform, there were bursts of dragon roars coming from all directions.
Luo Zheng still stabilized his footwork and swung his sword at the Primary Magnetic Auroras coming from all directions. As the number of Primary Magnetic Auroras increased, Luo Zheng also gradually felt the pressure, but his pressure was not as great as Zhao Zhao's.
"Roar, roar, roar …"
Zhao Zhao killed twenty Primary Magnetic Auroras in one breath, but there was still a fish that escaped the net and flew in the direction of the crystal ball.
Although Zhao Zhao was already out of breath and couldn't catch up with the Primary Magnetic Auroras, when he thought of Luo Zheng's words and his own plan to put his life on the line, he forced himself to take a deep breath and madly ran toward the Primary Magnetic Auroras. At the same time, the Sword Qi in his hand rolled.
"Roar!"
Just before the Primary Magnetic Auroras hit the crystal ball, Zhao Zhao's dragon-shaped Sword Qi finally destroyed the Primary Magnetic Auroras.
Zhao Zhao's posture when he slashed out with his sword was wrong. His whole body hit the ground face first and fell heavily to the ground. When he got up, half of his face was blue.
Looking at Zhao Zhao's appearance, Luo Zheng mischievously smiled, "Not bad, you really went all out!"
Zhao Zhao gasped for breath and said, "Fortunately, this has already broken my record. I actually managed to survive the twenty-first wave! Incredible! "
Zhao Zhao had been cultivating on the Seven Star Sword Light Platform for more than a day or two. His previous best record was the twentieth wave. But there was one time when he managed to survive the twentieth wave, but that was because of the help of others. He barely managed to resist the last Primary Magnetic Auroras and reach the twenty-first wave …
Now, Zhao Zhao had relied on his own strength to survive the twenty-first wave and enter the twenty-second wave. This was truly incredible!
There was only a little time to rest between each wave. Zhao Zhao hadn't even caught his breath when the twenty-second wave came.
In the end, Zhao Zhao tried his best but still wasn't able to survive the twenty-second wave. The last Primary Magnetic Auroras mercilessly smashed his crystal ball … Zhao Zhao was like a person who had just been fished out of the water, his entire body drenched in sweat.
Relatively speaking, martial artists who used swords were much more graceful than those who used spears and sabers. It was rare for them to be in such a difficult situation. However, Zhao Zhao had pushed himself to the limit. This was a completely new experience for him.
He sat paralyzed on the ground. As he watched Luo Zheng calmly deal with the Primary Magnetic Auroras, he could only secretly sigh in his heart. This fellow was really an animal. This was his first time entering the Seven Star Sword Light Platform and he had already chosen the eighth level of difficulty. Not only that, but he was also able to calmly deal with the Primary Magnetic Auroras …

Chapter 211
Generally speaking, after Zhao Zhao failed, he would withdraw from this platform, but today he didn't want to leave. He wanted to see how long Luo Zheng could persist.
Waves of magnetic auroras continued to surge, and the number was constantly increasing, but Luo Zheng was still unhurriedly slashing his sword at those magnetic auroras.
Twenty-fifth wave … …
Thirtieth wave … …
Fortieth wave … …
Fiftieth wave … …
At this moment, whenever those magnetic auroras rushed towards Luo Zheng, there would be a large number of magnetic auroras. Seeing those magnetic auroras, Zhao Zhao felt his scalp go numb, but Luo Zheng was still able to cope with them. Zhao Zhao couldn't help but wonder if this boy had no limit at all!
At the sixtieth wave, Luo Zheng finally felt a little strenuous.
"These magnetic auroras are only sensitive to sword intent. Even if I use an immortal tool and rely on the Sword Qi of the flowing light sword, the cutting speed is still not fast enough." Luo Zheng frowned. In other words, Luo Zheng's comprehension of sword intent had not reached the level he wanted.
Sword, the head of all weapons, with its sharp blade, could cut through all things in the world.
Whether it was the basic swordsmanship or a variety of gorgeous and powerful swordsmanship, they didn't rely on brute force, but on the stimulation of sword intent to produce a sharp cutting power.
"How should I improve this sword intent?"
After feeling the pressure, Luo Zheng finally began to ponder.
"Break! Break for me! "
Luo Zheng slashed out his sword and instantly cut three magnetic auroras, but in the distance, more magnetic auroras rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Zhao Zhao looked at those magnetic aurora lights and said in his heart. It seemed that Luo Zheng was also unable to hold on any longer. There were too many magnetic aurora lights, but this was the first time Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect and he had already withstood 60 waves of magnetic aurora lights. Moreover, his strength was only at the Xiantian second stage. This strength could be said to be unprecedented in the history of Blue Cloud Sect.
Zhao Zhao was born in a gentry family and his vision was broad, but he came to such a conclusion in his heart! He felt that no matter how powerful a genius was, it would be difficult to create Luo Zheng's record.
Under Luo Zheng's wild slashes, the 61st wave was successfully passed. However, one of the Magnetic Auroras almost hit the crystal ball. Zhao Zhao judged that a crack would appear on Luo Zheng's crystal ball in the next wave. According to this trend, Luo Zheng shouldn't be able to withstand the 63rd wave …
With this result, he should be satisfied, Zhao Zhao thought as he sat by the side.
Who would have thought that right after the 61st wave, Luo Zheng would suddenly insert his Flowing-light Sword into the ground and close his eyes to meditate!
"What does he want to do?" Zhao Zhao looked at Luo Zheng curiously.
Luo Zheng remained motionless. His hands were placed on his knees. It seemed that he wasn't circulating his Zhen Yuan to regulate his body. Instead, he was thinking.
"Thinking at a time like this?" Zhao Zhao was speechless.
The interval between each wave of the Magnetic Auroras wasn't long. Luo Zheng didn't have much time to think. Before long, the dense Magnetic Auroras from not too far away flew over.
"Hey, the Magnetic Auroras are coming. Aren't you going to deal with them?" Zhao Zhao shouted at Luo Zheng. There wasn't even a crack on Luo Zheng's crystal ball. If he gave up like this, it would be too much of a pity. Zhao Zhao wanted to see how long Luo Zheng could endure.
But after Zhao Zhao shouted, Luo Zheng didn't move at all. It was as if he hadn't heard Zhao Zhao's voice at all. His entire body was like an old monk in meditation.
"Three Magnetic Auroras were shattered. If you don't move, you won't have a chance!" Seeing the surging Magnetic Auroras, Zhao Zhao was a little anxious. If he waited until the Magnetic Auroras arrived, it would be too late to deal with them.
Seeing the Magnetic Auroras getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng still didn't seem to hear them. Zhao Zhao could only anxiously watch from the side. When the Magnetic Auroras were less than ten feet away from Luo Zheng's crystal ball, Zhao Zhao could only sigh. "Forget it. To be able to achieve such a result, he is already proud of the Blue Cloud Sect. Which disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect can achieve such a result? He has already proven his ability. It won't be too late to challenge him in the future! "
But at this moment, Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the ground, suddenly opened his eyes.
For some unknown reason, Zhao Zhao saw that Luo Zheng's eyes seemed to have changed. His gaze became sharper, piercing straight to the heart!
At this time, the Magnetic Auroras were only a foot away from the crystal ball!
Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed the hilt of the Flowing Light sword. He slashed at the Magnetic Auroras closest to the crystal ball.
"Xiu!"
When the Magnetic Auroras came into contact with Luo Zheng's sword light, they were instantly disintegrated by the sword light!
Previously, when the Magnetic Auroras came into contact with Luo Zheng's sword light, they were only cut open by Luo Zheng's sword light and then slowly disintegrated. But now, Luo Zheng's sword light seemed to have become the nemesis of the Magnetic Auroras. If the Magnetic Auroras were flames, then Luo Zheng's sword light was cold water. When this cold water was poured on top of the flames, it would be extinguished in an instant.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu!"
More and more sword light slashed out from Luo Zheng's sword. Each sword light destroyed a Magnetic Auroras.
In a short while, the sixty-one Magnetic Auroras were completely destroyed by Luo Zheng's sword light.
In this sixty-first wave, the time Luo Zheng spent was actually less than half of the time spent on the sixty-sixth wave.
"Ah …" Zhao Zhao didn't expect that Luo Zheng would produce such a terrifying change just by sitting in place. His entire face revealed a sluggish expression. Was this Luo Zheng still human? No, no, he couldn't even be considered an animal. This was already abnormal …
At this moment, it seemed that using the word abnormal was no longer enough to describe Luo Zheng. This guy was an abnormal animal …
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a trace of a joyful smile.
Previously, Luo Zheng's sword intent had actually remained in a very basic state. In fact, his true understanding of sword intent was even inferior to Zhao Zhao. After all, he hadn't mainly used the sword these past few years.
But after a moment of contemplation, he felt that his understanding of sword intent had increased a bit.
With his understanding of sword intent and Luo Zheng's own strength, these Magnetic Auroras were much easier to deal with.
"How many waves of Magnetic Auroras will there be in this eighth level of difficulty?"
Since there were eight levels of difficulty here, Luo Zheng also knew that the number of waves was limited and couldn't be increased indefinitely. If there was an infinite increase, not only would the polar spirit stones on the Seven-star Sword Light Platform not be able to support, but the people participating in the practice would also not be able to bear it. Even if they were experts of the Divine Reflection Realm, how could they resist a thousand Magnetic Auroras?
"The seventieth wave! Kill! "
"The eightieth wave!"
"The ninetieth wave!"
"The hundredth wave!"
After Luo Zheng had endured the hundredth wave, there was finally no movement on the platform.
"Eh? The hundredth wave is the limit? "Luo Zheng asked strangely.
Zhao Zhao nodded vigorously. He had already gotten used to Luo Zheng's abnormal expression. He only said in a slightly trembling voice, "The limit of the eighth level of difficulty is 100 waves, but there are only a few people who can really pass the hundredth wave …"
No matter who practiced, they would try their best to hone their sword intent.
For example, Zhao Zhao felt that the eighth level of difficulty was the most suitable for honing his sword intent, so he would always stay in the eighth level of difficulty. If he could endure forty or fifty waves, he would feel that the Magnetic Auroras below the eighth level of difficulty were no longer effective for him, and then he would choose the next level of difficulty.
At this moment, the deacon at the door suddenly heard a roaring sound coming from the array disc behind him.
"This sound … someone broke through the hundredth wave?"
The deacon was somewhat curious. Generally speaking, very few people were so persistent. Even those who had reached the Xiantian Full Circle could break through a certain level of difficulty, but generally, they would not do such an exhausting thing. They would choose a higher level of difficulty to challenge.
The deacon picked up the array disc and found that the illusion array below the eighth level of difficulty had been broken through the hundredth wave. In his memory, there were only two people who had chosen the eighth level of difficulty today. One was Zhao Zhao, and the other was the outer court disciple called Luo Zheng.
Zhao Zhao often practiced on the Seven-star Sword Light Platform, so the deacon was very clear about his strength. He could only endure twenty waves of Magnetic Auroras, and could not break through the hundredth wave.
It couldn't be that Luo Zheng, could it? The deacon suddenly opened his eyes wide!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 212
The difficulty setting of each level of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was very special. This setting was to take care of the newcomers of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Take Zhao Zhao as an example. With his current strength, if he wanted to 'break through 100', that is, to resist 100 Protomagnetic Aurora, he could only do so in the fourth level of difficulty. In the fifth level of difficulty, Zhao Zhao could only resist 86 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora, 57 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora in the sixth level of difficulty, 40 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora in the seventh level of difficulty, and 21 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora in the eighth level of difficulty.
Zhao Zhao was at the Xiantian eighth stage.
In the memory of the deacon, even in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, there was no one who could break through 100 in the eighth level of difficulty. Some of the more outstanding results would be deliberately recorded by the deacon. He remembered that in the eighth level of difficulty, the best result was to resist 89 waves.
According to the deacon's speculation, if one wanted to break through 100 in the eighth level of difficulty, unless one entered the Illuminating Spirit realm, otherwise it was impossible.
And Illuminating Spirit powerhouses generally chose to practice in the ninth level of difficulty, or even the tenth level of difficulty.
"No, it can't be Luo Zheng, even if it is Zhao Zhao, it can't be Luo Zheng." The deacon muttered. The problem was that he was also clear about Zhao Zhao's strength. It was impossible for his strength to soar to such a degree overnight. Some time ago, he could barely resist 20 waves, but today he broke through 100? Unless he was dreaming.
Thinking about it, he suddenly patted his head. The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was not far from him, so why not just go and take a look?
So the deacon hurriedly rushed towards the Seven Star Sword Light Platform.
From the outside of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform, he could not see the things inside the illusion array, but he could see the people on the platform.
After a while, he saw that there were indeed two people on the platform of the eighth level of difficulty. One was Zhao Zhao, and the other was Luo Zheng. At this moment, Luo Zheng was sitting cross-legged, and it seemed that he was meditating?
The deacon climbed up the platform from the side path, and then asked Zhao Zhao, "Who just broke through 100, Zhao Zhao, was it you?"
Zhao Zhao shrugged his shoulders, smiled wryly, and then pointed to Luo Zheng, "It was him!"
"Is it really him?" The deacon sucked in a breath of cold air. If Luo Zheng could really break the 100 mark with his own strength, it meant that Luo Zheng had already caught up to Divine Realm experts in some aspects.
Every martial artist had their own uniqueness. The deacon's definition was very accurate. He believed that those who could surpass 100 would at least not lose to those Illuminating Spirit Realm experts in the comprehension of sword intent. However, in terms of overall strength, they might not be able to catch up to Illuminating Spirit Realm experts.
This statement was indeed correct.
This was because there was never a lack of outstanding geniuses in this world. However, the deacon had missed one point. Luo Zheng was not only outstanding in the comprehension of sword intent. On the contrary, he was outstanding in all aspects.
Whether it was strength, speed, or his abnormal body that was comparable to a middle-grade spiritual weapon, if there was one thing that he was inferior to an ordinary Illuminating Spirit Realm expert, it should be his control of Zhen Yuan. After all, Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could burn their Zhen Yuan to the limit, but Luo Zheng was unable to do so at his current level.
"Why is he like this?" Seeing Luo Zheng sitting motionless, the deacon asked again.
Zhao Zhao shrugged his shoulders, "He should be having an epiphany!"
"… Epiphany!" The deacon's pupils suddenly shrank. For a martial artist, an epiphany was a great opportunity that could only be encountered by chance. If a martial artist were to encounter it once or twice in their lifetime, it would already be a joyous occasion. He didn't expect that this boy would encounter an epiphany after breaking through a hundred points. He quickly asked, "How long has he been sitting here?"
"Not long. He's been like this since he broke the 100 mark. I don't know how long he'll be sitting here! But before he broke the 100 mark, he had an epiphany once. Why is he doing it again now … "Zhao Zhao was also puzzled. After resisting 60 waves, Luo Zheng sat down and pondered. No one knew what he had comprehended, but his understanding of sword intent had suddenly skyrocketed. At that time, Zhao Zhao had thought that Luo Zheng would at most hold on to 63 waves. He did not expect that Luo Zheng would directly" break the 100 mark "when he got up.
"What? He had an epiphany once before! " The deacon's voice trembled. A single epiphany was a great opportunity, but this kid had one after another. Was there any justice in this world? The deacon also felt that his brain was not big enough.
Seeing the deacon's expression, Zhao Zhao felt a little better. Previously, Luo Zheng had brought him waves of shock, which had almost crippled him. Now, it was not bad to let a second person experience this feeling. Zhao Zhao secretly laughed in his heart. He was now somewhat immune to the shock brought by Luo Zheng's achievements. It seemed that even if there was no justice in this world, it was only natural for this guy to do it.
"In a while, there will be people practicing in the eighth level of difficulty. If he has an epiphany here, I'm afraid that he will delay their practice." The deacon was a little embarrassed. "Epiphany" meant that a person comprehended something very mysterious in an instant. Although there was the word "pause" in this epiphany, a person's sea of consciousness was originally very mysterious, and sometimes it would take a long time.
Luo Zheng sat upright in the same place. Although his eyes were closed, his eyeballs were rapidly moving under his eyelids!
The Basic Swordsmanship was broken down into countless fragments in Luo Zheng's mind. There were countless figures in his mind, constructing every detail of the Basic Swordsmanship.
"Upward Slash."
"Cutting Sword."
"Hanging Sword."
"Collapsing Sword."
"Holding Sword …"
Although the Basic Swordsmanship was not presentable, it was the purest swordsmanship. After countless generations of swordsmen's modification and simplification, every move and style was not the slightest bit fancy or superfluous.
However, there were many images in Luo Zheng's mind. Even the simplest sword slash was broken down into tens of thousands of images! From drawing the sword to attacking, it included the most minute details!
But not long after, the images began to disappear one by one. The images disappeared faster and faster, from one or two images at the beginning to dozens and then hundreds of images.
Not long after, the "sword slash" formed by tens of thousands of images was now reduced to only a dozen images …
"This Basic Swordsmanship …" Luo Zheng stared. Although the "sword slash" he saw was still a sword slash, when Luo Zheng saw the images, a very mysterious feeling arose in his heart. This was a Basic Swordsmanship, but also not a Basic Swordsmanship!
After being simplified, the Basic Swordsmanship seemed to gather all the sword intent between heaven and earth into one simple movement.
Luo Zheng looked at the other movements of the Basic Swordsmanship. "Collapsing Sword," "Sweeping Sword," "Lifting Sword …"

Chapter 213
"This is definitely not a Basic Sword Art! In other words, this is a set of fundamental sword techniques that no one has ever seen before! " Luo Zheng was so shocked that he could only give an inaccurate definition. No matter what, Luo Zheng understood that this was a great opportunity for him, so he seized every minute and second to observe every scene.
At this moment, the deacon of the Seven Stars Spectroscopic Platform left the platform in a hurry. After registering the new batch of disciples, he hurried back. He had no choice but to come back. He had thought that if no one else chose the eighth level of difficulty, it wouldn't be a problem for Luo Zheng to use this platform.
But just now, several inner disciples had chosen the eighth level of difficulty, and two of them were descendants of landowning households. Therefore, the deacon had no choice but to do so.
If he left Luo Zheng here and activated the illusory formation, Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the ground, would probably be injured by the Magnetic Aurora flying from a certain angle. In that case, the loss would outweigh the gain. Therefore, the deacon decided to wake Luo Zheng up.
After entering the platform, he walked straight towards Luo Zheng. But when he was still five meters away from Luo Zheng, he suddenly saw several extremely sharp waves in front of him.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The deacon was a Xiantian creature, so his reaction was extremely fast. He moved back a few steps in an instant, but the clothes on his chest had already been cut into pieces by these waves.
"This is the Protective Sword Intent …" The deacon's expression was extremely unsightly. He felt that he had been involved in an unexpected disaster.
Zhao Zhao was also dumbfounded. He hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would have a Protective Sword Intent to protect him when he was having an epiphany. "No way! He can comprehend the Protective Sword Intent so quickly? I thought he didn't use the Long Sword Art? "
"Didn't use the Long Sword Art? What do you mean? "The deacon didn't dare to wake up Luo Zheng now, so he could only watch from where he was.
Zhao Zhao pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng seems to be a novice swordsman! Previously, when he broke through 100 points, he used the Basic Sword Technique! "
"Basic Sword Technique?" When the deacon heard these words, he immediately felt his vision darken. As the deacon of the Seven Star Sword Radiance Platform, he himself was also a swordsman. Of course, he knew how basic sword techniques were. For some martial artists who cultivated sword techniques, it might be something that they learned before the age of six or seven …
If Luo Zheng had really used the Basic Swordsmanship, then he wouldn't have used the sword for a long time. The deacon felt that the world was too unfair for him to comprehend the Protective Sword Essence just by using the Basic Swordsmanship.
At this moment, several people walked in from the bridge. One of them saw the deacon and shouted, "Deacon Song, don't make us wait too long!"
These people were in a hurry to activate the illusory array.
"Alas, if Luo Zheng doesn't wake up, I'll have to activate the illusory formation first." Deacon Song could only do this much. Anyway, he had the Protective Sword Essence. Even the Magnetic Aurora might not hurt him.
The black-robed disciples who had just entered saw that there was someone sitting there and asked, "Eh? Why is there someone meditating here? "
Zhao Zhao explained to them, "He has just had an epiphany and is meditating here for a while!"
"Epiphany? Ha ha … "The black-robed disciples showed an envious look and said," Epiphany has nothing to do with us. Don't delay our practice! "
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes!
When he opened his eyes, countless tiny ripples radiated from his body. Each ripple was countless slender sword intents. If someone stood around him, they would probably be instantly sliced into pieces by the slender sword intents.
"Sword Essence like Silk? Interesting, an outer disciple with the strength of the Xiantian second stage has actually comprehended to such a level! " A black-robed disciple said. Everyone practiced in the Blue Cloud Sect and also cultivated the Sword Dao. Naturally, they would pay attention to other disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who cultivated the Sword Dao.
"Sword Essence like Silk?" Hearing the black-robed disciple's words, Luo Zheng gently stretched out his hand and many fine silk threads extended from his hand. The power of these silk threads was not necessarily stronger than that of Luo Zheng's other attacks, but they were superior in quantity.
"Excuse me, which mountain are you from?" The black-robed disciple came up and asked, "Will you participate in this All-Sect Competition?"
Luo Zheng was already at the Xiantian second stage, and there was another examination at the end of the year to enter the inner core. If Luo Zheng's strength was strong enough, it was very likely that he would participate in the All-Sect Competition. The black-robed disciple hoped to meet Luo Zheng in the competition! As a swordsman, what he wanted most was to fight with another swordsman!
"My name is Luo Zheng, and I'm Xiao Yufeng's disciple. As for whether I will participate in this All-Sect Competition, I'm not sure." Luo Zheng knew that he had to participate in this All-Sect Competition, but he was not an inner core disciple at the moment, so he could not answer too confidently.
The black-robed disciple continued, "I hope to meet you in the competition. My name is Li Yan, and I'm an inner core disciple of the Tianzhao Peak."
The battle between swordsmen was often an opportunity to comprehend the Sword Essence, which was why Li Yan was interested in Luo Zheng.
"If there's a chance, we'll have a chance to learn from each other." Luo Zheng nodded. The Illusory Matrix was about to be opened, so he naturally could not stay here all the time, so he prepared to leave the platform.
But Li Yan suddenly said, "Wait, how many waves did you persist in the Illusory Matrix?"
Li Yan's strength was much stronger than Zhao Zhao's. Even at the eighth level of difficulty, he could persist until the 73rd wave.
According to the design of the Seven Stars Fractal Platform, if one wanted to break through a hundred waves in the eighth level of difficulty, one would need to be at least in the Divine Reflection Realm. Therefore, Li Yan, as a Xiantian lifeform, had already reached the 73rd wave. At this moment, Li Yan wanted to measure Luo Zheng's strength, and see how much of a gap there was between him and this outer core disciple who had comprehended the Sword Essence Silk.
"Ah? I should have just broken through a hundred, "Luo Zheng turned his head back and said indifferently. Then he looked down the platform and walked away.
"Wha, what?" Li Yan was stunned, and the other disciples who came with him also did not react.
When Zhao Zhao saw their reactions, he felt a little better.
Deacon Song, who was next to him, also felt a trace of joy. At least now he found a few scapegoats. Especially Deacon Song, his heart was a bit bad. As a deacon, he knew very well that Li Yan often practiced in the eighth level of difficulty. He was very proud of his record of holding the seventy waves.
At this moment, seeing Li Yan in a daze with a suspicious look on his face, Deacon Song did not forget to add: "Indeed, Luo Zheng should be the only Xiantian lifeform who has broken through a hundred waves in the eighth level of difficulty, but the problem is that he is only at the Xiantian second stage … …"

Chapter 214
The Seven-star Fenghuang Platform had an excellent effect on honing the sword intent.
A swordsman could start practicing swordsmanship at the age of six, be just so-so at the age of 12, and be familiar with it at the age of 16. If he wanted to make a breakthrough in the future, unless he was extraordinarily talented, he often had to temper himself between life and death.
However, a person only had one life. Tempering between life and death sounded nice, but frankly speaking, it was like honing one's sword intent at any time and place. The risk could be imagined.
Whether it was a swordsman, a saberman, or a boxer, as long as he was a warrior, he would face this problem.
However, in the Blue Cloud Sect, there were many illusory formations and secret realms for cultivation. Any one of them would be extremely coveted. This was also why the Blue Cloud Sect was regarded as the Holy Land of Martial Arts in the Eastern Region. As a result, a steady stream of martial arts talents from all the counties in the Eastern Region tried their best to get in.
However, even for those martial arts talents, it was impossible for them to improve so quickly in the Seven Stars Fenghuang Platform. Luo Zheng was able to have two epiphanies on his first time in the Seven Stars Fenghuang Platform. He was able to comprehend things that others would never be able to comprehend in their lifetime.
Luo Zheng broke through the eighth level of difficulty, but he did not test his limit. Deacon Song also strongly invited Luo Zheng to try the ninth level of the Seven-star Fenghuang Platform.
Luo Zheng's performance was so amazing that Deacon Song also wanted to have a share in the process of discovering talents. However, he did not know that Old Cao in the Illusory Fish Pond had already done the same thing. He reported Luo Zheng's results and wanted to claim credit in exchange for a reward. However, in the end, not only did he not get a reward, but he was also rebuffed. After Deacon Cao reported it several times, the higher-ups even sent someone to reprimand Deacon Cao. Deacon Cao himself was confused and finally gave up this idea.
Even if Deacon Song did not mention it, Luo Zheng would still try it. He also wanted to know where his limit was. Could he break through 100 on the ninth level of the Seven-star Fenghuang Platform? Or even challenge the tenth level of difficulty?
Of course, he couldn't do it today. Luo Zheng had comprehended the sword intent, and there was a brand-new basic swordsmanship in his mind. No matter what, he had to go back and consolidate it.
Just as he returned to Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng received a message that Su Lingyun asked him to go over.
In the evening, on the mountainside of Xiao Yufeng.
The golden setting sun projected the last bit of heat of the day from the distant western sky. However, in the middle of winter, under the harsh cold, the heat dissipated very quickly, making it almost impossible to feel the slightest bit of warmth.
The howling northern wind swept along the mountain peak. If one's body was a little weaker, they probably wouldn't have dared to walk outside.
However, in the pavilion on the mountainside of Little Rain Peak, a woman dressed in a light yellow robe was leaning against a corner of the pavilion. She was only wearing a long robe that was dyed yellow and floor-length. The material of the long robe looked very warm, but in reality, it was not very good at keeping out the cold. This was because the long robe was only tied to the belt around her neck and did not completely wrap around the woman.
Underneath the robe, she was only wearing a thin, elegant yellow satin. If it were a commoner woman wearing such a robe and facing the northern wind in this pavilion, she would probably freeze to death in less than two hours. However, this woman was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, only one step away from the Divine Reflection realm. Even if she stood naked in a world of ice and snow, she would not feel the slightest bit cold.
This woman was Luo Zheng's mentor, Su Lingyun.
In front of others, Su Lingyun could always appear strong enough. Even if she had become a princess who had lost her power, she could still maintain a considerable amount of self-confidence.
However, when she was alone, she would always feel lonely. In her heart, there were some secrets that she could not reveal to outsiders.
Others thought that Su Lingyun entered the Blue Cloud Sect to be a mentor only to fool around. As a princess with a high status and power, being a mentor in Xiao Yufeng was originally to laze around. However, Su Lingyun did not think so.
Before she left the palace, it had already been six months since she had seen that person from the Burning Heaven Palace. That person was her father, Su Qian.
She had requested to see her father time and time again, but she had been rejected every time. This was originally a very abnormal thing. Once, she had forced her way into the Jiuwu Heaven Palace, only to find that her father's bedroom was empty. Even the bedsheets on the bed had been tidied up. Clearly, her father did not live there.
At that time, Su Lingyun had a trace of suspicion. Her father had already left the Eastern Region.
There was more than one person who had the same guess as Su Lingyun. The seven princes and three princesses in the palace were all secretly discussing this matter. However, the real news had already been tightly sealed.
According to the rumors, her father had already gone out to gain experience for a long time and had not returned. Moreover, it was very likely that he had fallen outside …
This rumor seemed absurd, but Su Lingyun did not dare to underestimate it. Her father could be regarded as an absolute king in the human territory of the Eastern Region. He was the emperor with the most martial talent in the Burning Heaven Empire.
In the past years, the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master had always been able to suppress the Burning Heaven Palace. In many matters, the Blue Cloud Sect even had the right to control the fate of the Burning Heaven Empire!
This was because not only did the Blue Cloud Sect have an extremely powerful Sect Master, there was also a colossus behind the Blue Cloud Sect. That was the Cloud Hall.
There were countless experts in the Cloud Hall. To the Cloud Hall, whether it was the Blue Cloud Sect or the Burning Heaven Empire, they were only a piece of territory under their jurisdiction. Therefore, the Burning Heaven Empire had always been suppressed by the Blue Cloud Sect for many years in fear of offending the Blue Cloud Sect.
Fortunately, the Blue Cloud Sect had taken root in the Burning Heaven Empire, so there was not much conflict between the two sides. Many times, the two sides could even join together. This was also why the Blue Cloud Sect was able to nurture many Illuminating God Realm experts to the Burning Heaven Empire.
However, the appearance of her father, Su Qian, had changed this situation. This was because Su Qian's strength was also strong enough. He was even stronger than the current Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect. Moreover, Su Qian had also joined the Cloud Hall and was a member of the Cloud Hall. His position in the Cloud Hall was even higher than the Blue Cloud Sect.
For the Burning Heaven Empire, this was a good thing. At least in many matters, the Burning Heaven Empire held the initiative while the Blue Cloud Sect was more like a vassal. This was also why the Blue Cloud Sect's influence had decreased over the past few decades while the Burning Heaven Empire's influence had gradually increased.
As a member of the Cloud Hall, her father had to assist the Cloud Hall and participate in various missions for the Cloud Hall.
Su Qian was very strong. In Su Lingyun's eyes, he was like an insurmountable mountain. In all these years, the Burning Heaven Empire had only produced one Su Qian!
Su Lingyun herself was not strong enough, but with her position, she had come into contact with too many secret histories. She knew very well that there was always someone stronger than him. Su Qian might be a tyrant in the Eastern Region, but once he walked out of the Eastern Region and onto the broader stage of the world, he was nothing.
Just like in the Cloud Hall, it was said that there were many people stronger than her father. Not to mention, there were also the Hall Masters, Vice Hall Masters, and many Elders in the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, it was not impossible for Su Qian to fall …
In these two years, Su Qian never went to court. The news from the palace was that her father was in seclusion, so it was always the Crown Prince Su Fan, Su Lingyun's elder brother, who acted as the ruler.
According to the Burning Heaven Palace's rules, if her father did not show up after three years, the Crown Prince would ascend the throne and establish himself as the new Emperor, and Su Qian would become the Retired Emperor …
If Su Qian really was in seclusion, this arrangement would not be a problem. However, the seven princes in the palace did not believe that Su Qian was in seclusion. They were more inclined to believe that Su Qian had already fallen outside the Eastern Region.
It was precisely this kind of rumor that made those princes see an opportunity, an opportunity to usurp the throne.
In this year's time, the Seventh Prince Su Xing had always been preparing, wantonly roping in the Yun Family and the Yu Family of the Seven Noble Families. And the Third Prince Su Rui was also eager to make a move, befriending the Huang Family and the Pei Family. At this sensitive time, wantonly roping in these noble families, his goal could be imagined!
In contrast, Su Lingyun's elder brother, the Crown Prince Su Fan's connections were far inferior to the other princes.
Because Su Fan was the eldest son, he was conferred the title of Crown Prince after birth. He had always lived deep in the Crown Prince's Eastern Palace, following those great literati every day to learn how to govern a country. In contrast, the other princes did not have that many opportunities to accumulate their own connections …
At that time, who could have known that their father would disappear?
Therefore, when Su Xing and Su Rui moved, Su Fan's position was in imminent danger.
However, Su Fan was still the Crown Prince in the end. Moreover, whether or not their father had fallen, this matter had not been confirmed. Therefore, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince were still in hiding, waiting for an opportunity.
Since ancient times, once it involved the struggle between imperial powers, how desperate were they? Often, it was either you die or I live. It was practically impossible for there to be a draw.
On one hand, Su Lingyun was worried about her elder brother Su Fan, and on the other hand, she did not wish to see her Family Su kill each other. Brothers looked at each other, so she wanted to join the Blue Cloud Sect.
Although Su Lingyun did not wish for the Blue Cloud Sect to control the Burning Heaven Palace, right now, other than the Blue Cloud Sect's power that could interfere, the other powers could not possibly interfere. On the contrary, the Burning Heaven Palace's various noble families would still add fuel to the fire from behind! They believed that after assisting the new king to take the throne, they could suppress the other noble families, thus breaking the current power structure and obtaining even more benefits.
Although Su Lingyun was the Royal Highness, the Blue Cloud Sect could not be controlled by her. Not only could she not, even the Crown Prince Su Fan could not.
Therefore, Su Lingyun had always been looking for a qualified candidate, which could be considered as helping Su Fan find a person to protect him. And this person could not be a noble child, only a commoner. This was also the reason why Su Lingyun chose to be a teacher on Xiao Yufeng. Because Xiao Yufeng was ranked last, Xiao Yufeng had the most commoner disciples!
Su Lingyun also knew that pinning her hopes on a Blue Cloud Sect disciple was undoubtedly a fool's talk. Looking at history, there were many commoner disciples who had amazing achievements, but compared to the noble children, this ratio was shockingly low!
Therefore, Su Lingyun had the intention of treating a dead horse as a living horse. If she was really lucky, and a disciple she had her eyes on had a sudden increase in strength, even passing the Qingyun Road test, being valued by the Cloud Hall, and being taken in as a disciple of the Cloud Hall, then the dead knot in the Imperial Palace could be opened.
This possibility was really too small. It was purely better than nothing. It was no wonder that people felt that she was wasting her time coming to Xiao Yufeng …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 215
Su Lingyun had tested a lot of geniuses, and had also recruited a lot of talented warriors from various counties of the Eastern Domain in Xiao Yufeng, but for the time being, she didn't see any hope.
"Mentor Su!" After receiving the news, Luo Zheng immediately came to find Su Lingyun, but found that Su Lingyun wasn't in her room, so he went to the pavilion to find Su Lingyun.
Seeing Luo Zheng, Su Lingyun put away the lonely expression on her face, and said with a smile, "You came?"
"Mentor Su seems to have something on her mind?" Luo Zheng's eyes were extremely sharp, and he clearly saw that Su Lingyun's expression was unnatural.
Su Lingyun avoided this topic, and stared at Luo Zheng, and asked, "Hey, what have you been cultivating recently? How come your eyes are so sharp? "
Even though Su Lingyun was in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, she could still feel that Luo Zheng was faintly emitting a sharp aura, and some of the aura even caused tiny scratches on Su Lingyun's Protective Zhen Yuan. This was clearly an effect caused by comprehending an extremely sharp Concept.
Just like those powerhouses of the Divine Reflection Realm, relying on their powerful Qi Power, they could make people faint with just a stare.
Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng seemed to have comprehended a kind of soul attack, but the effect of soul attack and Concept were somewhat similar, but the principle was completely different. Soul attack required the user to actively use the soul to attack, while Concept was a kind of realm that a person emitted all the time, and this realm could automatically give the surrounding people a sense of oppression.
Luo Zheng could originally withdraw the Protective Sword Intent he had comprehended, but at this moment his intuition told him that it was better not to do so. He had just comprehended Sword Intent, and was still unable to freely withdraw and release it. Therefore, it was better to let the Sword Intent naturally emit for a period of time, and wait until it stabilized.
Hearing Su Lingyun's words, Luo Zheng nodded, "I comprehended a kind of Sword Intent on the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform."
"Sword Intent?" Su Lingyun was startled, "I remember that you don't use your fists?"
In Su Lingyun's impression, Luo Zheng only had a throwing knife as a weapon, and although that knife was extremely sharp, it was destined not to be a common weapon, and could only be used for surprise attacks.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I just started practicing the sword recently."
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Su Lingyun was speechless. He had just started practicing the sword recently, and he had comprehended Sword Intent? This was …
In Su Lingyun's opinion, Luo Zheng had indeed created many terrifying miracles. For example, he had single-handedly challenged all the outer disciples of the Vulture Peak, and he had exchanged a punch with Wang Yanmiao of the Divine Reflection Realm with the strength of a half-step Xiantian. This was enough to show that Luo Zheng was not an ordinary genius.
However, Sword Intent was originally an illusory concept. Some swordsmen, in order to comprehend Sword Intent, hugged their swords and cultivated for dozens of years. Whether it was eating or sleeping, they would never be separated from their swords at any time, in order to pursue the pinnacle of Sword Dao and comprehend that trace of illusory Sword Intent. Even so, most people could not comprehend the slightest bit of Sword Intent in their lifetime, and finally died with regrets, unable to close their eyes.
However, Luo Zheng had just started practicing the sword casually, and he had already comprehended Sword Intent?
If there was someone who was most likely to walk the Qingyun Road and step into the Cloud Hall in the future, Su Lingyun's intuition told her that as long as Luo Zheng grew up and his weapon did not fall, he was the most likely.
However … it was too late.
There was less than a year before the Crown Prince ascended the throne, and the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince were already ready to make a move. In this one year, they would choose any suitable time to make a move, and it was even possible that they would make a move the moment the Crown Prince ascended the throne.
Although Luo Zheng's strength had steadily increased, he was currently only at the Xiantian second stage, which was far from enough …
Su Lingyun felt that it was a pity. If Luo Zheng was given two or three years, she was almost certain that Luo Zheng would become one of the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect!
Although it was a pity, Su Lingyun, who had grown up in the palace since she was a child, was much more mature than the average person. No matter what, she would not give up until the last moment. Even though she also thought that it was very naive of her to rashly choose to come to the Blue Cloud Sect, once she had decided on something, she would walk it until the sky turned dark, and she would not give up.
"You've just started practicing the sword recently, and you've already comprehended Sword Intent. Your luck is too …" Su Lingyun did not know what else to say. She had called Luo Zheng up. Originally, she wanted to let Luo Zheng and the other disciples take the test to enter the inner sect, because only the inner sect disciples were qualified to participate in the All-Sect Competition.
The All-Sect Competition was held once every three years. Su Lingyun's original intention was to let Luo Zheng show his face in the All-Sect Competition. After all, all the young talents of the Blue Cloud Sect would gather in the All-Sect Competition. Su Lingyun did not expect Luo Zheng to be able to obtain a ranking. He was still young, only seventeen years old, and his future potential was limitless! Perhaps Luo Zheng could obtain a certain ranking in the next All-Sect Competition.
It couldn't be helped. There were too many talented youths in this world who had opportunities. Luo Zheng could obtain the favor of the heavens through fortuitous encounters, but so could others. This was also the reason why Su Lingyun didn't think highly of Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Su Lingyun finally got the topic back on track. "You've already entered the Xiantian Secret Realm, so it stands to reason that you can enter the inner sect. However, to be selected, you still need to pass the test. This test will be arranged tomorrow, and the top thirty disciples of Xiao Yufeng's outer sect will participate."
Luo Zheng nodded. This test should not be too stressful for him.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Su Lingyun immediately asked, "Do you know why I want you to enter Xiao Yufeng's inner sect now?"
"Is it about the All-Sect Competition?" Luo Zheng asked rhetorically.
Su Lingyun nodded and immediately said, "Yes, in this All-Sect Competition, I only need you to experience the strength of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. I don't ask you to obtain a ranking, but … there is one thing you must pay attention to. The number of disciples that can be sent to the All-Sect Competition is limited. This quota is different for each mountain and is allocated according to strength. Our Xiao Yufeng only has seven quotas."
The All-Sect Competition was a competition between the top inner sect disciples of the 33 mountains.
However, there was a huge gap in strength between the 33 mountains. Take Tianyi Peak, which was ranked first, as an example. In Tianyi Peak's inner sect, there were already many Xiantian Peak experts, and there were even inner sect disciples who had broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm! Compared to Xiao Yufeng's inner sect, the strongest one was only at the Xiantian Peak.
If the quota of each mountain was equal, it was bound to cause serious unfairness. For example, the Tianyi Peak's Xiantian Peak experts were not even qualified to represent Tianyi Peak, and the strength of the disciples sent by Xiao Yufeng was only at the Xiantian fifth or sixth stage.
Therefore, according to certain rules, the quota was not fixed.
Tianyi Peak's strength was the strongest, and there were as many as 43 disciples in this All-Sect Competition! And Xiao Yufeng, which was ranked last, only had seven quotas.
"These seven quotas are ranked according to the strength of the inner sect disciples. That is to say, only the top seven inner sect disciples can represent Xiao Yufeng in the competition. I can't help you with this, so you must rely on your own strength to strive to enter the top seven," Su Lingyun said slowly.
According to Su Lingyun's view, although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage, but in terms of real fighting strength, he should be able to challenge the inner sect disciples at the Xiantian seventh stage.
The top disciple of Xiao Yufeng's inner sect was at the Xiantian Peak, and the seventh disciple was at the Xiantian seventh stage. According to Luo Zheng's previous fighting strength, he should be able to strive to enter the top seven!
The ranking of the inner sect disciples was automatically generated according to the test.
This point could not be falsified. If Su Lingyun forcibly placed Luo Zheng in the top seven, the other inner sect disciples would naturally not be convinced. Not to mention that Su Lingyun also felt that she did not need to do so.
"I understand, the test will be carried out tomorrow, right?" Luo Zheng nodded.
"Yes, tomorrow morning, I will arrange for you to continue the test. Whether you can enter the top seven and represent Xiao Yufeng in the competition will depend on your performance," Su Lingyun said with a smile. Seeing Luo Zheng's confident expression, Su Lingyun also seemed to have some confidence in her heart. It seemed that he was quite confident in his own strength!
The next day, Xiao Yufeng ushered in the annual test.
This test was very important for the outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng, because the results of the test would directly determine whether they could be promoted to the inner sect disciples!
However, only the top 30 outer sect disciples could participate in the test. Finally, the disciples would be ranked according to the results of the test, and the top 10 disciples would be able to enter the inner sect.
On the outer sect's Drill Ground, a medium-sized illusion array appeared. Around the illusion array, there were many obscure runes engraved. At this moment, those runes were emitting a light blue light. Obviously, they were in an activated state.
Although the top 30 disciples would participate in the test, many outer sect disciples were still very concerned about the results of the test, so most of the outer sect disciples would not miss it.
Su Lingyun and several other mentors had already arrived early. Although the illusion array had already been arranged, a series of preparatory work such as placing the crystal stones and activating the illusion array runes had to be done.
The top 30 disciples quickly arrived, including Hao Shige, Zhang Wuxian, and others.
In fact, if the ranking was strictly based on the realm, the top 10 disciples would have a great advantage. They were most likely to achieve a high score and enter the inner sect.
However, this was often not the case. Although some disciples' realms were low, but the power techniques they practiced were relatively powerful, so they could obtain a higher score during the test. Once, there was an outer sect disciple who was ranked 29th on Xiao Yufeng, and he had successfully broken into the top 10 and entered the inner sect.
"Luo Zheng has already reached the Xiantian realm. With his strength, there is no need for him to take the test. He can directly enter the inner sect!"
"What do you know? It is easy to enter the inner sect, but Luo Zheng's strength is outstanding. It is said that this time, he wants to use this illusion array to break into the top 7 of the inner sect and directly participate in the competition! "
"It is impossible for him to enter the top 7. Although Xiao Yufeng is not good, but the strength of the top 7 of the inner sect has already reached the Xiantian sixth stage or above. Although Luo Zheng is an evildoer, but it is impossible for him to jump so many stages and challenge a master of the Xiantian seventh stage!"
"Ha ha, have you seen the limit of Luo Zheng's strength? If not, why do you think those black-robed disciples are here to observe? Look over here, the black-robed disciple standing on the side is called Wang Xufeng. He is ranked 7th on Xiao Yufeng's inner sect. Originally, he was qualified to represent Xiao Yufeng in the competition! But this time, he is still very nervous. If Luo Zheng explodes with a high score, it is very likely that he will be replaced! "

Chapter 216
This time, Wang Xufeng had followed his senior and junior brothers to the Outer Sect to watch.
In fact, at the beginning, Wang Xufeng did not feel much danger. With his strength of Xiantian seventh stage, there was a big gap between him and Xiao Yufeng who was ranked eighth.
Today's test could be carried out every day in Xiao Yufeng's inner court. Even this illusion array itself was a way for inner court disciples to train.
Wang Xufeng's best result was 18,000 points in the test, while Jia Yun who was ranked eighth only had 15,000 points. It was impossible for him to catch up with him in a short time.
But in recent days, there had been a rumor that in this competition, outer court disciple Luo Zheng would represent Xiao Yufeng.
The seven spots in the inner court had already been determined according to the rankings. If Luo Zheng represented Xiao Yufeng, then the one who would be squeezed out would definitely be Wang Xufeng who was ranked seventh.
At first, Wang Xufeng did not take it seriously. He thought that how could an outer court disciple surpass him? However, after the Demon Slaying Trial, Lin Geng, who had a good ranking in the inner court, confidently told others that Luo Zheng's strength was very strong, so strong that it was unbelievable. He could fight against a Demon General alone!
Lin Geng's strength was indeed strong, but there was still a certain gap between him and the top ten inner court disciples. Therefore, Lin Geng's words could only be used as a reference to a certain extent.
Even so, Wang Xufeng was still a little uneasy. Lin Geng said that Luo Zheng could fight against a Demon General, but Wang Xufeng himself was still not sure if he could defeat a Demon General!
From this point of view, Luo Zheng still had the strength to reach the top seven.
Today, Wang Xufeng was not the only inner court disciple who came to watch the competition. Other inner court disciples also came down, including the fifth ranked Zhou Le and the third ranked Yuquan …
Yuquan's surname was Shi, and his full name was Shi Yuquan. Shi Yuquan had begun to pay attention to Luo Zheng when he was still a half-step Xiantian master. At that time, Shi Yuquan asserted that if Luo Zheng stepped into the inner court, he would strive for the position of inner court disciple in the future!
But at that time, Shi Yuquan thought that Luo Zheng would need at least a period of time to gain the qualifications to challenge the Inner Sect Disciple Rankings.
Unexpectedly, in just a few months, Luo Zheng had already broken through to the Xiantian Secret Realm and was charging towards the seventh place.
Shi Yuquan looked at Luo Zheng in the distance. Luo Zheng didn't have much of an expression on his face. He only maintained a faint smile. Just from this smile, one could see that he was very confident. Shi Yuquan suddenly had an idea. Luo Zheng might not be aiming for the seventh rank in the inner sect. He might be aiming for a higher rank!
However, no matter what the ranking was, Wang Xufeng, who was ranked seventh, would definitely be squeezed out in the end. He was no threat to Shi Yuquan, who was ranked third. Even if Luo Zheng surpassed Shi Yuquan, he could still represent Xiao Yufeng in the All-Peak Competition!
When all the top 30 outer court disciples had arrived, a mentor announced the start of the test.
The first disciple was Zhao Zhuotian, who was ranked 30th. For someone like Zhao Zhuotian who had just entered the top 30, there was little hope for him to reach the top 10 and enter the inner court. However, this illusion array was free for Zhao Zhuotian to use once. It could be seen as a form of training. At the same time, it could also be used to assess his strength. For outer court disciples, this was a rare opportunity.
When Zhao Zhuotian entered the illusion array, a milky white mist wrapped around him.
This illusion array was a medium-sized one, so it wouldn't create a scene that would change the world. After it wrapped around the tester, it would create an illusion to test the tester.
After a while, Zhao Zhuotian's body trembled violently. Then, the mist around him dissipated layer by layer …
A mentor next to him read Zhao Zhuotian's score, "Zhao Zhuotian, 410 points, failure!"
In order to enter the inner court, the first requirement was to be in the top 10. The second requirement was to exceed the basic score by 3,000 points. If someone entered the top 10 this time, but the basic score didn't reach 3,000 points, then this person wouldn't be able to enter the inner court. This only showed that the strength of this batch of disciples was too weak. It didn't prove that this disciple was qualified to enter the inner court.
Zhao Zhuotian was very optimistic. He walked out of the illusion array with a smile. Although he wasn't satisfied with the score he obtained, his strength was still there. Being able to maintain a positive attitude at any time and place was also a skill.
It was just like some martial artists who were favored by the heavens. From childhood to adulthood, everything had been smooth sailing. They had to win against any opponent they encountered. If such a person was narrow-minded, it would be difficult for them to clear their mind after one failure. This would hinder their martial arts heart, and it would be difficult for them to achieve anything in the future.
"Second, Xu Xiao, accept the test!"
"Third …"
On average, each disciple took the test for around an incense stick of time. Some people took a longer time, at most two to three incense sticks of time.
From 30th place onwards, the score slowly began to rise.
When it came to 13th place, the score had already risen to 3,100 points.
Obtaining more than 3,000 points gave one the qualifications to enter the inner court. In other words, the 13th place inner court disciple already had the qualifications to enter the inner court. But, this depended on the performance of the 12 people in front of him.
If three people's scores were lower than his, then he would be able to enter the inner court. This possibility wasn't high.
However, from his score, it could be seen that Xiao Yufeng's strength had increased. At the very least, the 13th place disciple had already broken through 3,000 points. Then, the competition for points would be even more intense.
After a while, the results of the 12th, 11th, and 10th place disciples came out one after another. They had all surpassed 3,000 points.
The 13th place disciple's face gradually darkened. It was impossible to hope that the outer court disciples in front of him would have lower scores than him. It seemed that although he had surpassed 3,000 points this time, he was still destined to be eliminated.
When Zhang Wuxian came out of the white fog, his round face had a smile. It could be seen that this time, he was very confident that he had obtained a good result.
Sure enough, a mentor shouted, "Zhang Wuxian, 4,033 points!"
He was the first outer court disciple to break 4,000 points.
The next test was basically without suspense. It was just a matter of the score. But this batch of outer court disciples had all obtained high scores. As long as they didn't perform abnormally, they could basically be promoted to the inner court.
Finally, after Hao Shige obtained a good result of 5,500 points, it was Luo Zheng's turn to go on stage.
Luo Zheng was the highlight of this test.
No matter who it was, everyone believed that Luo Zheng's score wouldn't be low. It was very likely that his score would be twice as high as Hao Shige's.
However, some people had heard that Luo Zheng wanted to reach the top seven, so they paid attention to Wang Xufeng's score. Wang Xufeng had obtained a terrifying score of 1,800 points. Most of the outer court disciples believed that it was impossible for Luo Zheng to surpass Wang Xufeng.
"Hey, Wang Xufeng, are you nervous?" An inner court disciple next to Wang Xufeng asked.
Wang Xufeng turned his head and glanced at that inner court disciple. The one who had spoken was the second ranked inner court disciple, Yao Le. Looking at Yao Le's gloating appearance, Wang Xufeng didn't feel good. Because Yao Le was ranked second, Luo Zheng's score had surpassed Yao Le's, so he could only squeeze Wang Xufeng out of the top seven.
Seeing this guy gloating in front of him, Wang Xufeng was very unhappy in his heart. However, Yao Le's strength was at the Xiantian ninth stage, which was close to the Xiantian Full Circle stage. Wang Xufeng was naturally not his opponent. At this moment, he could only endure and clench his fists tightly as he watched Luo Zheng enter the illusion matrix.
The All-Sect Competition was a very important competition. It was an opportunity for every disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Some disciples might not have achieved particularly good results in the All-Sect Competition, but because they had shown amazing talent in some aspects, they had been accepted as pro-disciples by the high-level figures of the Blue Cloud Sect. Such examples could be found everywhere. No matter who it was, no one would want to miss this opportunity.
When Luo Zheng walked into the runes, the runes on the ground suddenly flashed with blue rays of light, and then a burst of white fog spread out and wrapped his whole body.
Compared to the illusion matrix on the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform, the setup of this medium-sized illusion matrix was much simpler. After being wrapped in the white fog, the surrounding environment didn't change in the slightest. However, not far away, some figures appeared in Ying Ying's pupils and those figures surrounded Luo Zheng.
"Half-step Xiantian?" Luo Zheng licked his lips and a faint smile appeared on his face.
These people were all half-step Xiantian experts. With Luo Zheng's current strength, these half-step Xiantian experts were basically no trouble for him.
However, the number of these people was not small. Looking around, one could see that they were almost everywhere. It seemed that there were no less than 100 people.
Luo Zheng took out the Flowing Light Long Sword in his hand, stretched out his hand and gently shook it. A Sword Qi scattered from the Flowing Light Long Sword.
Those figures were cut by the Sword Qi and instantly turned into clouds of fog and merged with the white fog.
"Kill!"
Wherever the Sword Qi passed by, seven or eight people were cut into white fog in an instant. This level of test was basically a one-sided slaughter.
In a few breaths of time, hundreds of half-step Xiantian experts were wiped out by Luo Zheng.
"That's it?" Luo Zheng did not think that this test was difficult, but now it seemed to be too simple.
As soon as his voice faded, a group of people appeared in front of him again. This time, the strength of these people was slightly higher than that of Luo Zheng, and they were at the Xiantian second stage.
There was a big gap between half-step Xiantian realm and Xiantian realm. Although the Xiantian second stage experts were still unable to resist Luo Zheng's Sword Qi, but their speed of dealing with it was obviously slower.
Even some of the Xiantian second stage experts were able to attack Luo Zheng during the gap between Luo Zheng's moves.
Luo Zheng's body had an abnormal defensive power, so even the Xiantian second stage experts were not able to break through his defense. At this time, he still gave up on defending and concentrated all his thoughts on attacking. He continued to slaughter the Xiantian second stage experts.
One by one, Luo Zheng's Sword Qi turned into white fog. It took Luo Zheng an incense stick's worth of time to completely slaughter this group of experts. However, the physical strength he consumed was recovered in just a long breath.
"Is there anyone else?" Luo Zheng tightly held his Flowing-light Sword, and a wisp of Sword Qi was circulating back and forth on the sword's body.
Soon, the third wave of experts appeared.
"Xiantian sixth stage, although they only have the most basic strength, but it is enough for me to seriously deal with them." Luo Zheng's complexion finally became serious.
In a one-on-one fight, the Xiantian sixth stage experts were far from being Luo Zheng's opponents, but there were nearly twenty Xiantian sixth stage experts not far away.
Facing twenty Xiantian second stage experts alone, even Luo Zheng had to be serious.
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng's Sword Qi chopped towards a warrior in the front, but to Luo Zheng's surprise, that man was actually able to block Luo Zheng's Sword Qi.
"The strength of a Xiantian sixth stage expert is really different, but … … .how can a dignified immortal tool be so easy to block?" Luo Zheng forcefully waved his Sword Qi and a teeth-numbing sound was heard. That was the sound of a warrior's weapon being cut in half by Luo Zheng's Flowing-light Sword. Luo Zheng's Sword Qi chopped the warrior's weapon into two halves, and then the warrior's body turned into white fog.
After killing the first Xiantian sixth stage expert, the other four warriors rushed towards Luo Zheng. After the difficulty increased, Luo Zheng seemed to have some difficulty in dealing with the combined attack of four Xiantian sixth stage experts. Luo Zheng didn't choose to directly resist.
On the contrary, he moved his feet and his whole body instantly flickered to the side, while simultaneously brandishing his Flowing-light Sword in his hand.
"Collapsing Sword!"

Chapter 217
"Swish … …"
The fragmented sword intent formed countless tiny vortexes in front of Luo Zheng, and these vortexes rotated in different directions and speeds, but all the warriors who were sucked into these vortexes were instantly torn into pieces.
It was the same basic swordsmanship, but this basic swordsmanship, after being simplified, had derived the power of the sword intent to the extreme!
"Kill, kill, kill … …"
The Flowing Light sword in his hand was like a flowing light, shuttling back and forth between those Xiantian sixth stage warriors. This extremely mysterious basic swordsmanship was not something they could resist.
But after all, they were Xiantian sixth stage warriors, so Luo Zheng could not do it as easily as before. Every time he dealt with a warrior, he had to adjust his swordsmanship to find the opponent's flaw and kill them in one blow.
Even so, it did not take much time to kill these twenty Xiantian sixth stage warriors, and in a short while, Luo Zheng had killed all of them.
"I have not reached the limit, but according to this growth in strength, the difficulty of the next wave will increase a lot."
This wave consisted of twenty Xiantian sixth stage warriors, and the next wave was likely to consist of Xiantian eighth stage warriors, so Luo Zheng had to face twenty Xiantian eighth stage warriors at once, which was somewhat difficult.
Bursts of white mist flickered, and a human figure condensed from the white mist.
Seeing these human figures, Luo Zheng's face revealed a wry smile, it seemed that his guess was still too low, and he did not expect that there would be ten Xiantian complete masters … …
He would kill as many as he could, and in the illusion matrix, he would not be injured, and it was also a good opportunity to review his strength. Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light sword in his hand, stepped forward, and stimulated the basic swordsmanship in his mind to the extreme. His whole body exuded a turbulent sword intent, and rushed towards those ten Xiantian complete masters.
Outside the illusion matrix, Xiao Yufeng's outer court disciples had been waiting for a long time.
Previously, when a disciple came into contact with the illusion matrix, the shortest time was only a few breaths, and the longest time was only a few incense sticks worth of time, but now Luo Zheng had already stepped into the illusion matrix for half an hour.
"Is there a problem with the illusion matrix?"
"How is that possible, the runes on the illusion matrix are operating well, and none of them are damaged, how can there be a problem so easily?"
"Maybe Luo Zheng is too strong, and the illusions inside are not enough for him to kill."
"I don't know, we will know after a while!"
The outer disciples of the Tiny Rain Peak were discussing animatedly, but most of them were more optimistic. Hao Shige, who lasted for the time it took for three incense sticks to burn, had obtained more than five thousand points, and Luo Zheng, who lasted for one hour, how many points could he obtain?
Compared to the outer disciples, the instructors of Little Rain Peak had more information.
Because the Illusion Array Disk was in their hands, they could not see the situation inside, but they could read Luo Zheng's information through the Illusion Array Disk.
"He's so powerful. To think that he could hold on for so long under the joint attack of ten Xiantian Full Circle experts," one of the mentors said as he held the Illusion Array Disc in his hand. This mentor's strength was not weak, and was about the same as Su Lingyun's. However, even he could not hold on for so long under the joint attack of ten Xiantian Full Circle experts.
Su Lingyun's eyes also revealed a trace of surprise.
She knew that Luo Zheng's growth speed was astonishing, from when he entered the inner court and defeated a half-step Xiantian warrior with the strength of Viscera Refining realm, to when he defeated a Xiantian first stage warrior with the strength of Marrow Refining realm … … all of these showed that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond his realm.
But there was a limit to the strength of an ordinary person.
Just from Luo Zheng's performance in the past, this limit was not outrageous, and Luo Zheng could challenge those of a higher realm. Because there were many factors that affected a warrior's strength, such as the quality of the cultivation technique, the grade of the weapon, and many other human factors.
For example, a Xiantian first stage warrior from the Blue Cloud Sect could often deal with a Xiantian second stage or even a Xiantian third stage warrior from a small family in the Eastern region.
But there was a limit to this kind of challenge. Now, Luo Zheng's gap was too big, he was only at the Xiantian second stage, but he could actually kill 20 Xiantian sixth stage warriors, and not only that, he could also resist the siege of 20 Xiantian peak warriors … …
This kind of strength was a bit too monstrous.
Su Lingyun's pair of beautiful eyes became more and more surprised. According to this inference, even if he faced a person who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, he was still qualified to fight?
Su Lingyun did not know that a Divine Reflection Realm warrior had already been defeated by Luo Zheng, and another Divine Reflection Realm warrior, Xu Xiu, had also suffered a great loss at the hands of Luo Zheng.
Originally, Su Lingyun's plan was to let Luo Zheng show his face in this year's All-Sect Competition and feel the atmosphere of the All-Sect Competition. Luo Zheng's realm was still too low, and his cultivation was only at the Xiantian second stage. More importantly, he was now only 17 years old!
If given another three years, Luo Zheng should be able to get a good result in the All-Sect Competition three years later! There were too many enchanting geniuses in the Blue Cloud Sect, and Su Lingyun thought that her estimation was not bad.
However, she did not expect that Luo Zheng would burst out with such strength during the test!
Although the Xiantian Full Circle warriors in the illusory array were the most basic Full Circle warriors, and Su Lingyun's strength was enough to face two or three of them without being defeated, she did not have the ability to kill them. However, not only had Luo Zheng endured until now, but he was also looking for a chance to fight back!
After a while, one of the red dots on the array disk disappeared.
Every red dot on the array disk represented a Xiantian Full Circle warrior. When one of the red dots disappeared, it meant that Luo Zheng had killed one of them.
"Under the siege of ten Xiantian Full Circle warriors, he was still able to fight back?" Previously, Su Lingyun and several other mentors were still guessing whether Luo Zheng had relied on some kind of strange body movement to blindly run away. However, the warrior on the array disk had been killed, which meant that Luo Zheng still had a chance to fight back …
Xiao Yufeng's inner sect and outer sect were two completely different things.
In the end, the outer sect disciples were just a place to send talents to the inner sect. Even Xiao Yufeng, which was ranked last, had Xiantian Full Circle warriors.
And the top ranked peaks, such as Tianyi Peak, even had inner sect disciples who had broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm.
However, Luo Zheng's current performance was enough to prove that even in the inner sect, he was still a top existence!
After another hour, Luo Zheng, who was standing in the illusory array, suddenly trembled. The white fog finally dissipated.
"He finally came out. This guy is really a monster!"
"I wonder how many points he got …"
Many outer sect disciples had patiently waited here for almost two hours to see how many points Luo Zheng could get in the test. Who would have thought that they would wait for almost two hours?
After that mentor checked, he immediately shouted, "Luo Zheng, 55,000 points!"
"Wow …"
The scene quickly started to discuss.
This score was too abnormal …
Zhang Wuxian, Mo Can, and the others also opened their eyes wide. As Luo Zheng's good friends, they had seen Luo Zheng's terrifying strength. However, strength was something that could not be quantified as long as they did not fight.
But now, the score was out.
55,000 points!
This score was more than 20 times that of Zhang Wuxian's!
"Doesn't this mean that Luo Zheng alone can beat 20 of me?" Zhang Wuxian said with a smile.
Mo Can laughed, "20, I'm afraid it's more than that!"
Strength could not be measured by a numerical value. With Zhang Wuxian's strength, he could not do anything to Luo Zheng. If he used the human wave tactic, he was afraid that no matter how many Zhang Wuxian's went up, he would not be able to defeat Luo Zheng. Unless he had an army with the same strength as Zhang Wuxian, he could completely exhaust Zhang Wuxian's strength. Only then could he possibly defeat Luo Zheng.
Hearing Luo Zheng's score, Wang Xufeng's heart sank completely, and a forced smile hung on his face.
Wang Xufeng was somewhat unconvinced. After all, he had always stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng's strength was only at the Xiantian second stage. How strong could he be? He practiced martial arts freely and was considered a genius among geniuses in his area. The three big families of his county had given him full support, and he had been admitted to the Blue Cloud Sect at a young age. He had also entered the inner sect without spending too much effort.
Until now, Wang Xufeng was the pride of his family!
Therefore, Wang Xufeng had decided that even if Luo Zheng's assessment score really surpassed his, he would still choose to challenge Luo Zheng. Although he did not have much confidence in challenging Luo Zheng, but he would not be reconciled if he did not give it a try.
But when the mentor reported that shocking score, Wang Xufeng had already given up all thoughts of challenging Luo Zheng.
55,000 points … …
Not to mention Wang Xufeng, even the number one inner sect disciple, Zuo Yun, only had 40,000 points, and Zuo Yun was already at the Xiantian Complete realm. This guy's strength had actually surpassed Zuo Yun's.
Thinking of Zuo Yun's terrifying strength, Wang Xufeng simply did not have the courage to challenge him, but Luo Zheng was even stronger than Zuo Yun. If he still wanted to challenge him, then the final result would only be bringing disgrace upon himself.
With the strength of Xiantian second stage, he had obtained 55,000 points. The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the inner sect, he had already become the number one inner sect disciple in Xiao Yufeng!
This news almost made Xiao Yufeng boil with excitement.
For a long time, the gap between the outer sect and inner sect disciples was very huge. Often, an inner sect disciple would be a top existence in the outer sect.
But Luo Zheng had broken this tradition in one fell swoop. He had entered the outer sect for less than a year, and with a crushing attitude, he had become an inner sect disciple of Xiao Yufeng. Perhaps, since the establishment of Blue Cloud Sect, such a disciple had never appeared.
Although Luo Zheng was about to enter the inner sect, Luo Zheng was still an outer sect disciple. At this moment, he represented the glory of the outer sect!
After entering the inner sect, the amount of medicinal pills and monthly allowance would increase by a lot. Not only that, there were several secret cultivation grounds for inner sect disciples to cultivate in. Although these secret cultivation grounds couldn't be compared to the Fantasy Fish Pond and the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform, the secret cultivation grounds of the inner sect didn't cost points. For those grassroots disciples, it was a good place to cultivate. Even the descendants of landowning clans would choose those secret cultivation grounds because not every descendant of landowning clans could obtain the full support of their clans …
The Inner Sect was located at the peak of Xiao Yufeng, which was also the highest point in Xiao Yufeng.
After passing the assessment, the Deacon on Xiao Yufeng assigned Luo Zheng a new house. Luo Zheng packed his luggage casually, put it in the storage ring, and then moved from the outer door to the inner door.
When Luo Zheng climbed from the mountainside to the peak of the mountain, the black-robed disciples along the way cast strange looks at Luo Zheng.
Generally speaking, the inner sect disciples had a strong psychological advantage over the disciples who had just been promoted from the outer sect. This kind of psychological advantage was like the mentality of an old bird looking at a rookie.
After all, the strength of the disciples who had just been promoted was generally not too strong.
But this time, there was a Luo Zheng in this group of people!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 218
It was said that in the inner sect assessment, he had reached a terrifying 55,000 points. Even Zuo Yun, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, could not reach this level.
If even Zuo Yun, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, could not reach this level, what did that mean? It meant that Luo Zheng's real fighting strength was not weaker than the peak of the Xiantian realm, and it was very likely that he could rival a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse.
Everyone admired him, and at the same time, a glimmer of hope rose in their hearts.
The ranking of the 33 peaks was linked to various benefits and rewards. The disciples of Tianyi Peak, Black Rock Peak, and other top ranked peaks received monthly benefits, which made Xiao Yufeng extremely jealous.
Not only that, the Blue Cloud Sect would also send an illusion array master to build a large-scale illusion array in the inner sect of their peaks, and build a secret cultivation area for those inner sect disciples to use for free!
Although those secret cultivation areas might not be as good as the secret cultivation areas that required points, the difference was not too big. Compared to the secret cultivation areas on Xiao Yufeng, it was simply a world of difference.
The Blue Cloud Sect's rules were like this. Only the strong could get better treatment.
It was very difficult for Xiao Yufeng to produce strong people. In these years, there was only one person, Zuo Yun, but he was still stuck at the peak of the Xiantian realm, unable to break through.
As for Tianyi Peak and other peaks, because of the good benefits, they attracted powerful talents year after year.
This gradually created a gap between the strong and the weak. This gap was not shrinking, but expanding year after year.
Although the arrival of Su Lingyun slightly made up for this situation, just by relying on Su Lingyun alone, the effect was not big. Those genius disciples knew how to choose the best resources. Even if Su Lingyun forced people, those disciples had already set their sights on Tianyi Peak and Black Rock Peak. How could they be willing to come to Xiao Yufeng, which was ranked first from the bottom?
In any case, Xiao Yufeng had finally ushered in a true genius. If Luo Zheng really had such strength, it was not impossible for him to compete with those talents of the 33 peaks for the ranking!
But as long as Luo Zheng could enter the top 30, or even the top 50, he might be able to move Xiao Yufeng's ranking up a little!
Some disciples even thought that Luo Zheng would copy what Luo Yan had done in the past.
Luo Yan had only been locked up in Purgatory Mountain for two years, so many disciples still remembered Luo Yan's glorious battle accomplishments. Relying on her female body, she continuously suffered defeats, slaughtering her way into the finals, using her own strength to bring Jade Maiden Peak to the height of second place!
There were even many gossipy disciples who realized that Luo Yan and Luo Zheng both had the surname Luo. Could they be brother and sister?
However, with the power of these disciples, it would be quite difficult to investigate the relationship between them. They could only stay at the level of speculation.
Moreover, there were so many people with the surname Luo in this world. How could a surname link the two together?
After arriving at the peak, Luo Zheng, Mo Can, and the other newly promoted inner disciples went through some procedures and changed their disciple plates and robes.
Now, Luo Zheng's daily training was basically focused on the Fantasy Fish Pond and the Seven Star Sword Light Platform. The Fantasy Fish Pond was used to temper Luo Zheng's body and dantian, while the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was naturally used to temper Luo Zheng's sword intent.
There were still more than two months before the Peak Wide Competition. Time was not enough for Luo Zheng. He had to make the best use of every second to cultivate.
This kind of life continued for a week. In the inner sect, no one dared to challenge Luo Zheng. Even Zuo Yun, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, after realizing that Luo Zheng's strength far surpassed his, he also gave up the idea of challenging Luo Zheng.
If he didn't challenge, Zuo Yun still had some face. If Zuo Yun was really defeated by Luo Zheng, a warrior of the Xiantian second stage, then his face would really be swept to the ground.
A week later, Su Lingyun suddenly found Luo Zheng again and somewhat hurriedly told Luo Zheng that she would be away for two months. She also urged Luo Zheng to practice hard during these two months and that she would rush back before the peak competition.
Luo Zheng didn't take Su Lingyun's advice seriously. Instead, he was somewhat concerned about Su Lingyun's whereabouts. Since Mentor Su was in such a hurry, could it be that she had encountered something difficult?
But since Su Lingyun didn't take the initiative to mention it, Luo Zheng also didn't directly ask. After Su Lingyun left, Luo Zheng asked Xiao Yufeng and several other mentors indirectly. The other mentors also didn't know much about this situation.
Luo Zheng thought of the lonely appearance of Su Lingyun when he saw her sitting alone in the pavilion a few days ago. His heart slightly moved and he couldn't help but feel a little worried. After all, she was the Imperial Highness of the dynasty.
It was said that the Crown Prince was very likely to ascend the throne in a year.
Looking at the long river of history, every time a new Emperor ascended the throne, it would set off stormy waves. The struggle in the palace was far crueler than imagined. Because the struggle for the throne was not allowed to fail. Once failed, it would be an abyss of eternal damnation. In addition to death, the root of the problem would be eliminated and the nine generations of the Emperor would be implicated.
As for who the next Emperor was, it didn't have the slightest relation to Luo Zheng. What Luo Zheng was worried about was Su Lingyun. With Su Lingyun's identity, she almost couldn't avoid being caught up in this storm.
Regardless of whether it was those damn eunuchs in Burning Sky Palace or those Divine Reflection Realm experts from the eight great noble families, Luo Zheng couldn't face them with his current strength. However, if someone wanted to harm Su Lingyun, Luo Zheng would similarly take action without any hesitation!
Previously, there was only one person Luo Zheng wanted to protect, and that was precisely Luo Yan. Bringing Luo Yan out from Purgatory Mountain was Luo Zheng's most pressing wish. However, right now, Su Lingyun was added to this list in his heart.
However, a martial artist's strength would always be above their strength. Without a foundation of strength, everything else was just a fantasy, an illusion. In the end, they could only turn into eerie white bones, become a stepping stone for other experts, forever unable to rise above others.
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng's cultivation during this period of time became more and more frantic.
During this period of time, the various cultivation secret realms within Blue Cloud Sect were also packed with people. This was especially the case for those who were selected for the Peak Competition. They practically spent all of their time in the secret realms.
Even the disciples who weren't selected for the Peak Competition were also charging towards the top of the inner sect rankings. If they could break through their own cultivation before the Peak Competition's name list was set, there was still a trace of hope for them to make it onto the list!
A secret cultivation ground like the Illusion Fish Pool that only allowed one person to enter at a time was even more difficult to fight over. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's endurance was far greater than that of ordinary martial artists. Normal people would only be able to last for two hours at most before having to come out, but Luo Zheng could often last for six to eight hours.
Therefore, every time Luo Zheng finished his cultivation in the Illusion Fish Pool, when he came out, he could see a long queue outside. Deacon Cao just looked at Luo Zheng with a bitter smile on his face.
On the Seven Stars Swordlight Platform, Luo Zheng was also constantly honing his sword essence, challenging his limits, and was able to defend more and more magnetic auroras.
Under the ninth level of difficulty, the magnetic auroras were coated with a layer of dreamy color. It was even more difficult to cut the magnetic auroras by relying on sword essence.
Luo Zheng had defended 52 waves in the ninth level of difficulty for the first time. Luo Zheng himself was slightly dissatisfied with this result, but Deacon Song, who was secretly observing him, was still extremely shocked.
Generally, only the Illuminating God Realm experts would enter the ninth level of difficulty for training. Moreover, some of the weaker Illuminating God Realm experts could only resist 40 to 50 waves, but Luo Zheng had actually defended more than 50 waves in one breath! He was only at the Xiantian second stage, so if Luo Zheng broke through to the Illuminating God Realm in the future, wouldn't he be able to easily break through 100 waves?
However, Deacon Song still underestimated Luo Zheng's terrifying comprehension ability.
Luo Zheng's sword intent grew sharper as it was honed again and again. The rays of sword light gradually became fuller and sharper.
Luo Zheng had defended 61 waves in the ninth level of difficulty for the second time.
Luo Zheng had defended 77 waves in the ninth level of difficulty for the third time.
Deacon Song was almost numb to Luo Zheng's progress, but what surprised Deacon Song was that some time ago, he had reported Luo Zheng's training records. According to his thinking, it was impossible for such an amazing genius like Luo Zheng to be buried in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Originally, Deacon Song had thought that after reporting, he would get a certain reward, but Deacon Song hadn't expected that the reply from the higher-ups would be "Rejected".
Just from the four big words "Rejected", he could read a lot of information. Just as he had thought, the outer court disciples were the talent pool for the inner court disciples, and the inner court disciples were the talent pool for the pro-disciples. However, all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were the talent pool for the high and mighty Cloud Hall.
For a genius like Luo Zheng, not to mention the Blue Cloud Sect, even the Cloud Hall wouldn't let him go. He had reported Luo Zheng's information, but the higher-ups didn't respond. This showed that there was a problem with Luo Zheng. Perhaps he had offended someone from the higher-ups, or perhaps he was related to some sensitive matters.
Compared to Deacon Cao, who had repeatedly reported information and then been scolded, it had to be said that Deacon Song was much smarter.
In addition to tempering himself in the Secret Territory, Luo Zheng didn't idle around. He used the night to comprehend the 《Demonic God Fist》.
The Demonic God Fist was a Sage Level cultivation method. It wasn't as simple as providing Luo Zheng with Demonic Qi. The first move of the Demonic God Fist could only be used as a single target attack. Although its power was great, it also consumed a lot of Luo Zheng's Demonic Qi.
The second move, Ten Thousand Demons Surge, was originally understood by Luo Zheng as a group attack move. However, as Luo Zheng practiced it in depth, he discovered that it was far from that simple.
The Ten Thousand Devils Surge could transform True Essence into black Demonic Phantom Shadows.
In the secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng sat upright. His hands were clasped together in a complicated pose. "Ten Thousand Demons Surge, open!"
"Huhuhuhu …"

Chapter 219
After Luo Zheng's continuous refinement, the Heavenly Demon True Essence became even darker, and the purple color gradually faded away. Under the illumination of the light, it even reflected a black light, and the starlight embedded in the Heavenly Demon True Essence became even more dazzling.
Six streams of True Essence escaped from Luo Zheng's body. Under the control of Luo Zheng's thoughts, these True Essence condensed into silhouettes. These silhouettes were based on Luo Zheng's body, but they were much smaller, only about as tall as Luo Zheng. This was the shape of the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Luo Zheng looked at these Heavenly Demon Phantoms and suddenly pointed his finger, spitting out a single word, "Rise!"
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms began to dance around the room. The Heavenly Demon Phantoms were formed from true essence, so they were almost weightless. Therefore, their flying speed was extremely light, and their flying speed was extremely fast. In addition, there were six of them, so it was impossible to guard against them!
However, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he could only condense six Heavenly Demon Phantoms. According to the records of the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》, if one cultivated to the later stages and their master's spiritual force was strong enough, they could even condense thousands of Heavenly Demon Phantoms!
What was even more frightening was that because of the Heavenly Demon True Essence's special properties, each Heavenly Demon Phantom could absorb the other's True Essence to strengthen itself. If these Heavenly Demon Phantoms were nourished to the limit with True Essence, just how terrifying would their power be?
Hu hu hu hu …
Peng …
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms that Luo Zheng controlled weren't enough. One of the Heavenly Demon Phantoms went out of control and directly smashed through the walls of the training room. At the same time, it pierced through the walls of the two outer rooms, causing half of the room to collapse …
In the empty rooms of the inner court disciples, there was a training room. After reaching the Xiantian realm, every martial artist had their own secrets and unique skills. Therefore, many inner court disciples would enter this training room when they were researching their own unique skills. The walls of this training room were made of Aged Gold, so not only were they incomparably sturdy, but they were also able to isolate divine sense from spying on them.
Luo Zheng obviously didn't think that the Heavenly Demon Phantoms would be so powerful. When they went out of control, they directly smashed through the incomparably sturdy training room …
"What happened?"
"Why did the room collapse?"
The houses of the inner disciples were not far from each other. One of Luo Zheng's houses collapsed, which naturally attracted the attention of other inner disciples.
Luo Zheng came out of the hole and smiled. "Sorry, I didn't notice it when I was cultivating."
The collapse of the house wasn't a big deal, as they could just hire a few civilian craftsmen to repair it. But, when they saw the huge hole in the wall of the secret room, they couldn't help but gasp. The walls of the secret training room were made from Geng Gold and Iron Sand. Even if a Xiantian creature attacked with all his strength, it would be hard for him to leave a hole in the wall.
However, Luo Zheng was able to casually create a hole. What kind of cultivation method was Luo Zheng practicing?
The strength of these inner disciples was not bad, and they were at the Xiantian fifth or sixth stage, but they knew that it would be very difficult for them to break through the walls of the practice chamber, unless they were given a high-grade weapon.
"Brother Luo Zheng!" At this time, someone shouted Luo Zheng's name.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the voice and saw Lin Geng not far away. Luo Zheng hadn't seen Lin Geng since the Demon Slaying Parting. Now that he had entered the inner disciples of the Xiao Yufeng Sect, Luo Zheng had been immersed in the secret training area every day, so he didn't have much time.
"Brother Lin Geng, long time no see." Luo Zheng greeted him with a smile.
"Senior brother Zuo Yun invites you to come over to discuss the matters of the All-Peak Competition." Lin Geng had just come over to pass on the message. Since returning from the Demon Slaying Trials, Lin Geng had been deeply stimulated by the strength displayed by Luo Zheng. After returning from the Demon Slaying Trials, Lin Geng had been deeply stimulated by the strength displayed by Luo Zheng.
During this period of time, Lin Geng's strength had taken a step forward, but when he saw Luo Zheng directly jump from the Half-step Xiantian realm to the Xiantian second stage, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Luo Zheng was really too monstrous. Moreover, Lin Geng was a swordsman, and as a swordsman, he was most sensitive to "Sword Intent". Although Luo Zheng was just looking at him with an indifferent gaze, he could still feel the sharp aura emanating from Luo Zheng's body.
Could it be that he had comprehended Sword Intent?
Impossible!
Lin Geng had seen Luo Zheng's fighting style before. Luo Zheng had always relied on his fists and the flying dagger that came and went like a ghost.
When did he use a sword?
Since he had never used a sword, how could he have comprehended Sword Intent?
Lin Geng had practiced swordsmanship for dozens of years, but he still hadn't comprehended Sword Intent. For a swordsman, Sword Intent was something that could only be encountered by chance. Only those with extremely high comprehension and luck could possibly comprehend Sword Intent.
But how long had it been? Luo Zheng had comprehended Sword Intent?
But no matter how Lin Geng didn't believe it, the sharp aura emanating from Luo Zheng's body indicated that it was Sword Intent!
In the presence of so many people, Lin Geng didn't ask. Anyway, if Luo Zheng was going to participate in the Peak Competition, he would definitely display Sword Intent if he encountered a strong opponent. At that time, Lin Geng would be able to verify it. But Lin Geng felt that his heart couldn't bear the blow anymore. Sword Intent wasn't something that could be comprehended by casually practicing swordsmanship a few times …
"About the Peak Competition?" Luo Zheng nodded. For the upcoming Peak Competition, it was necessary to know their strength.
On the summit of Xiao Yufeng, in a side pavilion, six black-robed disciples were sitting there.
These six people were ranked second to seventh among the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
Zuo Yun, who was originally ranked first, was now ranked second because Luo Zheng's score in the assessment was far higher than his, and he didn't challenge Luo Zheng.
"Senior brother, I think you may have the strength to fight with Luo Zheng. You are the real number one among the inner disciples!"
"Yes, senior brother Zuo, you are at the Complete Primordial Realm, but you are ranked behind a boy at the Primordial Second Stage. How can we bear this?"
"Now we have to invite that boy to come here to discuss the Peak Competition. He has just been promoted to the inner disciple. What qualifications does he have to sit with us?"
A few inner disciples said indignantly.
Score couldn't explain everything.
According to the rules of the inner disciples, the strength ranking was based on the score obtained in the assessment in the magic matrix.
Of course, if one didn't accept this ranking, there were naturally other ways, such as issuing a challenge.
In the arena, one's real strength would be displayed, so the ranking would also be based on the strength of the challenger.
Now Luo Zheng's score was ranked first in the Peak, 5,000 points, which was far higher than Zuo Yun's score. If Zuo Yun didn't accept this, he could challenge Luo Zheng.
He could take back the title of the Peak Competition.
Zuo Yun stretched out his hand, pinched the teacup and took a sip, and said with a faint smile, "In the Blue Cloud Sect, strength is qualification. Since Luo Zheng can get a high score in the assessment, it proves his strength. Naturally, he is qualified to sit with us."
Zuo Yun was only 19 years old, only two years older than Luo Zheng. Stepping into the Complete Primordial Realm at such a young age was enough to prove his talent.
Geniuses were often not afraid of challenges from other geniuses. Compared to others, Zuo Yun was obviously much more tolerant.
"But that guy's score is definitely exaggerated. No matter how strong a Xiantian second stage martial artist is, how strong can he be? It is estimated that he used a special trick to take advantage of the illusion matrix! " A black-robed disciple said. If he hadn't seen Luo Zheng's battle prowess with his own eyes, it was indeed very difficult to believe that this result was created by a Xiantian second stage martial artist.
Zuo Yun still shook his head. In fact, if not for Xiao Yufeng's mentor, who had a good relationship with him, reminding him, he also intended to challenge Luo Zheng.
But that mentor had directly shown Zuo Yun the record of the Illusion matrix disc. When Zuo Yun understood that Luo Zheng could still kill the illusions of ten Xiantian Complete Primordial experts, he understood that he was not Luo Zheng's opponent.
Zuo Yun believed that he could also persist for a long time under the siege of ten Xiantian Complete Primordial experts. After all, those illusions were the most basic Xiantian Complete Primordial experts and there was still a certain gap between their strength and his. But ten Xiantian Complete Primordial experts …
Zuo Yun simply couldn't find a chance to fight back.
Challenging Luo Zheng would only bring disgrace to himself.
Zuo Yun also understood that he didn't care about his status as the top disciple of Xiao Yufeng's inner sect. What he valued more was the All-Peak Competition.
The most important thing now is the All-Peak Competition. Don't think too much. Luo Zheng's strength is outstanding, which is a good thing for us. If Luo Zheng can lead us to improve our ranking, our Xiao Yufeng will get more support from the Blue Cloud Sect. If we can build those large-scale illusion matrices on our Xiao Yufeng and build a secret practice area, I believe that it will be a good thing for everyone here! "Zuo Yun said lightly.
Hearing Zuo Yun's words, those people stopped arguing. Perhaps they shouldn't target Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was a disciple of Xiao Yufeng and a disciple of the same peak as them!
Now, Xiao Yufeng ranked last and was considered the weakest peak. Even the All-Peak Competition only had seven participants. At this time, they had to be more united.
After a while, someone knocked on the door, and a black-robed disciple shouted, "Come in!"
It was Lin Geng who opened the door. Lin Geng said, "Brother Luo Zheng, Senior Brother Zuo Yun and the others are all inside. You can go in."
Lin Geng's strength was above average in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect, but he wasn't in the top seven. He wasn't qualified to participate in this kind of meeting about the All-Peak Competition.
Luo Zheng thanked Lin Geng and stepped in.
Zuo Yun glanced at Luo Zheng and smiled. Then he stood up and said with a smile, "Brother Luo Zheng, right? This is the first time we've met. I'm Zuo Yun! "
"Brother Zuo Yun, I've heard a lot about you!" Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
"Sit here." Zuo Yun leaned slightly and pointed to the seat of honor next to him. This seat was at the top of the line. It originally belonged to Zuo Yun, but now it was given to Luo Zheng.

Chapter 220
"Brother Luo Zheng passed the assessment and was promoted to the inner core disciple of Xiao Yufeng. Congratulations!" Zuo Yun said with a smile.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and said, "Brother Zuo Yun, you're too polite. I heard from Lin Geng that you asked me to come here to discuss the Peak Wide Competition?"
Zuo Yun nodded, "Exactly. As the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy, and you will never be defeated. Brother Luo Zheng has been in the outer core for a long time, so there are some things you don't know. In fact, some mentors asked me to do this. They want us to discuss the strategy in the Peak Wide Competition."
"What strategy can we have? The other peaks are so strong. No matter how strong we are, what ranking can we get? At most, we can only go for a day … "An inner core disciple said. That inner core disciple was still unconvinced. Luo Zheng was now the strongest inner core disciple of Xiao Yufeng. The implication of his words was that Luo Zheng's strength was not good enough.
Zuo Yun frowned slightly, but said, "In a battle between warriors, it all depends on one's effort. Although our Xiao Yufeng is not strong, everything depends on one's effort. If our momentum is weakened before the battle, how can we go further on the road of warriors in the future?"
Hearing Zuo Yun's words, Luo Zheng also nodded. Naturally, he agreed with him in his heart.
Strength was one aspect, but momentum was another. As a warrior, it was not that he couldn't lose, but that he was not afraid of losing and did not admit defeat. The road of warriors was full of hardships. If he didn't have the support of strong belief, how could he go further on this road?
Luo Zheng saw that Zuo Yun, who was only two years older than him, was able to cultivate to the Xiantian Full Circle. He could be regarded as a gifted genius. However, for him to achieve such achievements, talent was important, but his mentality was more important!
Hearing Zuo Yun's words, that inner core disciple didn't say anything. After all, Zuo Yun was the leader of the inner core disciples. He was not talking about Zuo Yun, but Luo Zheng. However, since Zuo Yun helped Luo Zheng to refute, how could he refute?
"I want to know how strong those disciples are in the Peak Wide Competition?" Luo Zheng opened the door and asked this question.
Luo Zheng's question was a little naive.
The Blue Cloud Sect held the Peak Wide Competition every three years. There were basically records of it. This information was not a secret, and there were very few things that were not clear.
An inner core disciple probably wanted to say something sarcastic, but Zuo Yun took the lead and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, you have been in our Blue Cloud Sect for too short a time. You are diligent in cultivation, so you probably don't know these things. This is also the reason why I asked Brother Luo Zheng to come here. I will go over the rules of the Peak Wide Competition and the opponents we are about to meet with in detail with Brother Luo Zheng."
Then Zuo Yun said leisurely.
All 33 peaks would participate in the Peak Wide Competition, but each peak would send a different number of people. Tianyi Peak would send the most, and Xiao Yufeng would send the least.
In addition to the disciples of the 33 peaks, there were also special seats. These special seats were reserved for the personal disciples.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, the personal disciples were considered to be the group of disciples with the highest level. They had a fixed master to guide them, and they had abundant sect resources to irrigate them, so their strength improved rapidly.
Among the personal disciples, there were also some disciples who were very talented but not very strong. However, most of the personal disciples were much stronger than the disciples of the 33 peaks.
Therefore, almost every time the Peak Wide Competition was held, the top ten would be monopolized by the personal disciples.
As for the disciples of the 33 peaks, no matter how amazing they were, no matter how strong they were, they could only get into the top 20 at most.
Therefore, the so-called Peak Wide Competition was, in fact, a competition to get into the top 20.
However, a peak like Xiao Yufeng was weak, so it was even more difficult to cultivate any strong people. If they were lucky enough to get into the top 100, it would be considered good.
Take Zhong Loufeng, who was ranked 32nd, as an example. In the last Peak Wide Competition, only one inner core disciple from Zhong Loufeng made it into the top 100, and he was ranked 97th. It was because of this disciple's ranking that Zhong Loufeng surpassed Xiao Yufeng.
"Top 100? Brother Zuo Yun, do you have the confidence to get in? "Luo Zheng asked, crossing his fingers.
Zuo Yun said with a slight smile, "To be honest, I don't have the confidence."
"Xiantian Full Cycle can't even get into the top 100?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"You can't say that, so I can only say that I don't have the confidence. However, the other peaks, such as Tianyi Peak, have sent more than 40 people, and the weakest among them are Xiantian Full Cycle disciples. There are even a few inner core disciples who have broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm. If we are unlucky and get into the same group as them, this …" Zuo Yun said, then shook his head.
Comparing Xiao Yufeng and Tianyi Peak, it could only be said that the difference between them was like heaven and earth.
In Tianyi Peak, even the Xiantian Full Cycle disciples who were at the same level as Zuo Yun were not qualified to participate in the Peak Wide Competition. It could be imagined that those 43 people were selected from a group of Xiantian Full Cycle disciples, and their strength was absolutely not weak.
Looking at Xiao Yufeng, the strongest among them was Zuo Yun …
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. The weakest was Xiantian Full Cycle, which was indeed a bit tricky. Moreover, there were Divine Reflection Realm experts among them, and among the personal disciples, there was … a personal disciple like Wang Yanmiao!
The strength of these personal disciples was even more unfathomable.
How far could he go in the Peak Wide Competition?
And how strong was his sister Luo Yan? Among so many people, she was able to bring Jade Maiden Peak, which was ranked at the bottom, into second place. How strong did she need to be? Why was Luo Yan so strong?
For a moment, Luo Zheng's mind was filled with all kinds of mysteries. He could not figure out the answers to these unsolvable mysteries. Naturally, Luo Zheng would not be troubled. He then asked, "Brother Zuo Yun, in this Peak Wide Competition, besides the ranking of the 33 peaks, will there be any other rewards?"
"Rewards? Heh heh, of course there will be rewards, but … "Zuo Yun shook his head," Our goal is only to rush into the top 100. Every time, the rewards of the Peak Wide Competition are basically taken by the personal disciples. It has nothing to do with us. "
Zuo Yun was not a person who belittled himself. Even if his strength was not good enough, he would not give up easily. However, in the face of such a huge gap in strength, Zuo Yun understood that those rewards had nothing to do with him. According to the rules of the Peak Wide Competition, the rewards were only given to the top 6. Who could be a match for the personal disciples?
He continued, "The rewards of the Peak Wide Competition are very tempting. The first place will be rewarded with a Qingxu Pill! Not only that, it will also be rewarded with an immortal weapon from the Blue Cloud Sect, and a trip to the Green Cloud Road! "
"Qingxu Pill, the Green Cloud Road …" Luo Zheng murmured.
These two things were very famous, so naturally, Zuo Yun did not need to explain them.
The Qingxu Pill was a kind of holy medicine. It was said that after the Divine Reflection Stage, if one wanted to continue to break through, they had to rely on the Qingxu Pill. One could imagine the value of this Qingxu Pill.
It was said that with the Blue Cloud Sect's ability, the Qingxu Pill could not be manufactured at all. Instead, it was distributed by the Cloud Hall. Every year, only seven or eight Qingxu Pills were distributed from the Cloud Hall.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were so many Perfected Persons, Hall Masters, and Elders. Which one of them did not need the Qingxu Pill to break through their bottleneck?
From this, one could see how precious the Qingxu Pill was.
In addition to the Qingxu Pill, there was also the Green Cloud Road …
The Green Cloud Road was both a trial and an assessment.
In the trial, one could obtain great opportunities. Moreover, after passing the Green Cloud Road, one could obtain the support of the Cloud Hall. And the Cloud Hall was a colossus above the Blue Cloud Sect. Once one had the qualifications to join, their status would be greatly different.
To put it bluntly, even the Emperor of the Burning Sky Dynasty, Su Qian, was only a disciple of the Cloud Hall. Su Qian was the Emperor, but when he met the people of the Cloud Hall, he still had to be respectful. From this, one could imagine how high the status of the Cloud Hall was.
"Is the Qingxu Pill and the Green Cloud Road only available to the first place?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The Qingxu Pill is only available to the first place, but walking on the Green Cloud Road … According to convention, the top three of every Peak's Grand Competition have the qualifications to enter the Green Cloud Road to undergo the trial." When Zuo Yun saw that Luo Zheng was so interested in the rewards, he muttered in his heart. Could it be that Luo Zheng really had the intention of charging into the top three?
The top three of every Peak's Grand Competition had basically already been taken by the personal disciples. It could be said that the battle for the top ten would simply not occur between the disciples of the thirty-three peaks!
The disciples of the thirty-three peaks wanting to walk on the Green Cloud Road was simply a dream.
With Zuo Yun's self-cultivation, he naturally would not open his mouth to shatter Luo Zheng's dream. He only thought so in his heart, but would definitely not say it out loud.
However, the other black-robed disciples could not hold back. One of them laughed and said, "Luo Zheng, could it be that you still want to walk on the Green Cloud Road?"
Luo Zheng's gaze shot over, and his eyebrows raised. "What? Can't I? "
"Hehe …" If it weren't for the abnormal strength that Luo Zheng had displayed, as well as Xiao Yufeng's current status as the number one inner disciple, this black-robed disciple would have burst into laughter on the spot.
The other disciples also had a trace of a smile on their faces, but there was more of a hint of ridicule in their smiles.
Zuo Yun could only mediate the situation, and said softly, "It's fine as long as you work hard, it's fine as long as you work hard …"
No matter what, today, from Zuo Yun, he roughly understood some basic information about the Peak's Grand Competition.
In the Peak's Grand Competition, the difficulty of defeating the disciples of the thirty-three peaks, in addition to those personal disciples, and obtaining first place was not ordinary.
Luo Zheng stood at the door of his house, looking at the stars in the sky. His eyes were sparkling. At that time, Luo Yan could rely on her own ability to lead the Jade Maiden Peak to second place. How could he, as her brother, lose to her?
I want the Clear Void Pill. I must walk on the Green Cloud Road!
Luo Zheng's determination was like a sacred flame, burning fiercely in his heart!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 221
Three days before the All-Peak Competition, all the rankings of the 33 peaks would be frozen. During these three days, no challenges could be issued, and the list of disciples participating in the All-Peak Competition had been fixed.
On the day before, battles were taking place in all the arenas on the thirty-three peaks.
Some disciples who were ranked at the bottom had hidden their strength before, and only released all their trump cards on the last day, sprinting toward the rankings, hoping to enter the All-Peak Competition.
The disciples who were already on the rankings were also doing their best to defend their rankings, because once they lost, they would fall out of the rankings.
Xiao Yufeng was also carrying out fierce arenas.
Except for Luo Zheng and Zuo Yun, all the disciples ranked third to seventh received challenges. Among them, the disciples ranked sixth and seventh were replaced by Xiao Yufeng's inner core disciple, who was originally ranked ninth, and a disciple ranked 22nd!
After the rankings were frozen, the list of disciples participating in the All-Peak Competition was fixed, and those names were submitted by the mentors on Xiao Yufeng.
In the last three days, Luo Zheng didn't go to the Fantasy Fish Pond or the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform to practice, but locked himself in his room, constantly comprehending.
The 《Demonic God Fist》 and 《Frightening Divine Thorn》 were two cultivation methods. One of them corresponded to Luo Zheng's most basic True Essence attack, and the other was a soul attack. These two cultivation methods were broad and profound, and with Luo Zheng's comprehension, he could still dig out some more mysteries from them.
In addition, Luo Zheng continued to visualize the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
When Luo Zheng first visualized it, he felt that his vision was sucked into the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map, but later on, that feeling gradually dissipated.
This Sun, Moon, and Stars Map was the first visualization map in the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. It was obviously impossible for Luo Zheng to visualize the whole map thoroughly, but he could try his best to comprehend it.
For two days, except for occasionally practicing the Demonic God Fist and reading the 《Frightening Divine Thorn》, Luo Zheng didn't eat or drink, and devoted all his time to the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
However, after more than twenty hours of visualization, Luo Zheng felt that he had achieved nothing.
However, early in the morning of the third day, Luo Zheng looked at the sun, moon, and stars map. Suddenly, he felt that the world around him was distorted.
"Are you feeling dizzy after staying up for so long?" Luo Zheng patted his head. With his current physical condition, he wouldn't feel dizzy even if he didn't eat or drink for a long time. Perhaps it was because visualizing the Sun, Moon, and Stars consumed too much of his spiritual power. Even though Luo Zheng's soul had been calcined and was stronger than ordinary people, this Sun, Moon, and Stars Map was not an ordinary object. His soul couldn't withstand such consumption of spiritual power.
However, when he blinked his eyes, he discovered that the surrounding space had become even more distorted, and as time passed, the spinning speed became faster and faster.
"What happened?"
Luo Zheng finally realized that something was wrong.
By the time Luo Zheng came back to his senses, the space was spinning faster and faster. Luo Zheng suddenly found himself in front of the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map. Then, his whole body was pulled into the map.
The Sun, Moon, and Stars Map …
Luo Zheng found himself standing in a boundless space. There was no sky above and no ground below. Or it could be said that there was no distinction between heaven and earth in this space.
Not far away in the sky, there was a huge fireball emitting a raging flame. The power that was revealed from the flame was frightening!
"This is … the sun!"
The history of the Eastern Region had been passed down for so many years. So far, human beings hadn't figured out what the sun was.
It was the highest mountain in the Eastern Region, three thousand feet above the ground. It was said that the height of the mountain was too high, and the air was thin. It was almost a hopeless place.
Even in such a harsh environment, there were still powerful people who could climb up.
Another thousand feet, there were gusts of astral winds. The astral winds were very powerful. Even if gold and iron objects were thrown in, they would be twisted into pieces by the astral winds.
The astral winds were very powerful. Even for those powerful people, it was difficult to resist them.
However, there was never a lack of people in this world who wanted to explore the world. It was said that there was a powerful person who cultivated his own body to the Nine Levels of Xuan Body, the Indestructible Golden Body. He forcibly broke through the astral winds and went all the way up.
That powerful person thought that he could see the true appearance of the sun and the moon. However, after he passed through the astral winds, he found that there were endless cracks in the void. Those cracks were intertwined with each other, like a thick fish scale towering in the sky.
As for what was behind the cracks in the void …
Even the powerful people in ancient times couldn't give these answers.
It was because human beings couldn't explore the sky that the legends of the sun, moon, and stars became more and more mysterious. There were countless stories about them.
This time, Luo Zheng was also very far from the sun. However, standing in the void and looking at it, the power of the sun was even more shocking.
"My consciousness is now in the visualization diagram. Since I can come in, it's also an opportunity. However, I only have a superficial understanding of the stars in the Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars. It's still too difficult for me to visualize the sun with my strength!"
At this time, Luo Zheng looked at another planet not far away. That planet emitted a bright light. Compared to the tyrannical aura of the sun, that planet was much quieter and gentler.
When he looked at the sun just now, Luo Zheng felt that his eyes were sore and astringent. However, after looking at this planet, Luo Zheng felt a touch of coldness in his eyes. It was very comfortable.
"This is the moon."
Luo Zheng noticed that a shadow had appeared on this planet. It was this shadow that outlined the arc of the planet and made the moon show different shapes. It changed into a crescent moon, a crescent moon …
Behind these two huge planets was a boundless sea of stars.
This sea of stars was the object of Luo Zheng's visualization.
Through his previous visualization, Luo Zheng could already condense a little bit of starlight in the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy.
When these starlights exploded, they could release annihilating energy.
However, the power of the stars was definitely not limited to this little bit. The Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars had many hidden mysteries. Luo Zheng still needed to comprehend them bit by bit.
Since he had come in, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged in the air and quietly visualized the resplendent river of stars in the distance.
A mere diagram could construct a vast universe. He didn't know which almighty person had created this Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars.
Luo Zheng's eyes were shining as he fell into a meditative state.
At this time, another starlight crossed an unknown distance. Mixed with a terrifying annihilating energy, it came straight at Luo Zheng.
"Is it going to hit me?"
Luo Zheng wanted to dodge, but at this moment, he was a consciousness of nothingness and couldn't resist at all.
"Whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, this starlight directly passed through Luo Zheng's body. This starlight was too big. It looked like it was going to hit Luo Zheng, but in fact, it was still very far away from Luo Zheng. That starlight collided with another starlight in the distance.
The two starlights collided and exploded with a loud bang. At this moment, the annihilating energy emitted was more than ten times stronger than before!
The brilliance that erupted from the annihilating energy formed a huge ball of light, gorgeous and full of the aura of death.
"Starlight colliding?"
Before, Luo Zheng had only detonated the starlight in his Vital Energy.
But now, seeing the two starlights colliding with each other, the annihilating energy that erupted was even more terrifying. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng suddenly saw the light …
After a long time, Luo Zheng pulled his consciousness out of the Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars.
When Luo Zheng came out, he found that the sky was already bright …
He had inadvertently entered the Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars. With this visualization, Luo Zheng's use of the power of the stars improved a little.
Today was the first day of the Peak Wide Competition. He should set off with the other six disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
When he walked to the platform on the top of Xiao Yufeng Mountain, three mentors were already waiting there. Beside them was a medium-sized Flying Chariot.
Su Lingyun wasn't among the three mentors.
Before Su Lingyun left last time, she told Luo Zheng that she would rush back before the Peak Wide Competition. Why hadn't he seen her yet?
Could it be that Su Lingyun was really in trouble?
"Mentor Wen, may I ask why Mentor Su didn't come today?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mentor Wen, who was leading the team, shook his head and said, "Mentor Su hasn't come to the Blue Cloud Sect since she asked for leave last time. I don't know why!"
Luo Zheng nodded silently. It seemed that Mentor Wen didn't know.
With a trace of worry, Luo Zheng and the other six disciples boarded the medium-sized Flying Chariot. Then, a light blue light was emitted from the bottom of the Flying Chariot and it flew to the west.
In the west of the Blue Cloud Sect, there was a huge martial arts arena where the Peak Wide Competition would be held.
At this moment, many Flying Chariots gathered from all directions and transported all the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
After a medium-sized Flying Chariot stopped, Luo Zheng, Zuo Yun, and several other inner disciples jumped off the Flying Chariot.
Then, led by Mentor Wen, they walked to the martial arts arena.
"Hehe, Old Wen, are these the disciples of Xiao Yufeng who will fight this year? Just these few people? " Next to Mentor Wen, there was another team led by a lean little old man. The old man's surname was Wang, and he was the mentor of Hou Haifeng.
Hou Haifeng ranked 29th among the Green Cloud Sect's 33 Sects. It was also one of the weakest sects, but it was better than Xiao Yufeng. It could be seen from the number of participants in the Peak Wide Competition that Xiao Yufeng only had seven participants, while Hou Haifeng had 13 participants.
Hearing Mentor Wang's ridicule, Xiao Yufeng's three mentors didn't look good. After all, Mentor Wen and the other two mentors were Xiao Yufeng's mentors. If Xiao Yufeng didn't perform well, they would lose face.
In the past, when Su Lingyun led the team, no one dared to ridicule Su Lingyun. But today, Su Lingyun wasn't here, so the situation was different.
The list and number of participants of each mountain were fixed, so Mentor Wang must have received the list in advance. But he still asked even though he already knew the answer. He was deliberately ridiculing Xiao Yufeng.
The disciples behind Mentor Wang were also sizing up the disciples of Xiao Yufeng, and their faces were full of ridicule.
Mentor Wen coldly snorted, "How many people? Our Xiao Yufeng's disciples are valued for their quality, not their quantity! What? Do you think having more people will give you better results? I don't think so! "
Mentor Wang's eyes swept over Luo Zheng and the others, and a touch of ridicule appeared on his face, "Valued for their quality, not their quantity? Hahaha, is there really no one else in Xiao Yufeng? You even have a guy at Xiantian second stage? "
"Hahahaha …"

Chapter 222
Generally speaking, the disciples who could participate in the competition were close to the peak of the Xiantian realm. Even the weakest disciples from Xiao Yufeng's last competition were at the peak of the Xiantian seventh stage.
Among the thirteen disciples of Deep Sea Peak, five were at the peak of the Xiantian realm, and the rest were at the peak of the Xiantian eighth stage and ninth stage.
In the competition, it was rare to see a disciple at the peak of the Xiantian second stage!
Although it was rare, it was still possible.
For example, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who were trained by the Immortals, Hall Masters, and Elders were God's favored children. Not only did they practice heaven-defying Cultivation Methods, but their strength was also very terrifying. Therefore, the disciples at the peak of the Xiantian second stage and third stage were qualified to participate in the competition and could achieve good results.
Just like three years ago, there was a disciple named Wang Yun, who was a disciple under a Hall Master. At that time, Wang Yun was also at the peak of the Xiantian second stage, but he also made it into the top 100!
If one wanted to enter the top 100, he must have the strength to challenge the peak of the Xiantian realm. Being able to achieve such a result at the peak of the Xiantian second stage could only be described as terrifying.
It was said that after three years of cultivation, Wang Yun's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, and he was also a popular candidate to win this year's competition.
Wang Yun was a personal disciple. How could the resources, Cultivation Methods, and talent of Xiao Yufeng be compared with others?
Personal disciples were tested with low realms, but if the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng fought with the peak of the Xiantian second stage and third stage, it would be a joke!
"What's so funny?" Mentor Wen snorted coldly. "Although Luo Zheng's strength is only at the peak of the Xiantian second stage, his assessment score is 55,000 points! He is ranked first among the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng! Which one of you is qualified to laugh at him? "
"55,000 points? You're bragging! "Mentor Wang said disdainfully.
The news that Luo Zheng got a high score in the assessment was only spread on Xiao Yufeng, and it didn't spread out.
55,000 points at the peak of the Xiantian second stage, this result was quite shocking.
"I thought Xiao Yufeng's disciple ranked last, but I didn't expect him to be first in bragging, hehe." A disciple of Deep Sea Peak sneered.
"55,000 points? Even if you have to deal with the encirclement of Xiantian Full Circle experts, do you really think that Xiantian Full Circle experts are cabbages? Their Xiao Yufeng really dares to brag! "Another disciple echoed.
"With the strength of Xiantian second stage, he probably hasn't experienced the terror of the Xiantian Peak realm. I will let him understand the gap between him and the Xiantian Peak realm." A disciple of the Xiantian Peak realm looked at Luo Zheng and said.
In the face of their provocation, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to it and just moved forward with the team.
After this period of experience, Luo Zheng's heart had become as firm as a rock. How could a few words of ridicule cause ripples in his heart?
Not long after, these teams finally arrived at the side of the martial arts arena.
The disciples of the 33 peaks were led by the Lone Sky Peak. They formed a semicircle and stood at the bottom of the battle arena. At the top, there were quite a few people standing there. Many of them were wearing purple robes. Those people were the Spiritual Masters, Hall Seats, and the personal disciples of the Elders.
At the top of the battle arena, there was a square platform. On the platform, there was a middle-aged man sitting on a black chair.
Luo Zheng looked at that person. Although there was a long distance between them, he could vaguely feel a kind of power.
"This person's divine splendor is restrained. His strength seems to be more powerful than those Divine Reflection experts. Who is he? Could he be the leader of the Blue Cloud Sect? "Luo Zheng secretly thought.
Luo Zheng had guessed correctly. This middle-aged man was the leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian was a very low-key person. He didn't easily appear in public. However, he had to participate in the triennial Peak Competition. This was because this was the rule of the Cloud Hall.
Shi Jingtian's duty was to select talents through the Peak Competition and pass the test of the Qingyun Road. He had to send talents to the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, the triennial Peak Competition was an opportunity to test the strength of all the talents.
When all the 33 peaks and all the direct disciples had arrived, Shi Jingtian stood up and announced the start of the triennial Peak Competition.
Following which, an elder flew up. In his hand, there were dozens of long lists of names. That elder's flying speed was extremely fast. He circled around the martial arts field once. Every time he passed by a mountain, he would pass a list of names to the mentors of each mountain.
This list was to allocate the number of matches in the battle arena and their respective opponents.
The Lone Sky Peak had over forty spots while the Little Rain Peak had seven spots. On average, there were over six hundred disciples participating in the competition from the thirty-three peaks. As for the personal disciples, there were about fifty to sixty people. Therefore, the total number of participants was close to seven hundred.
These 700 people would start with an elimination round. They would compete according to their groups.
Xiao Yufeng's Mentor Wen took the list. His face darkened and he let out a long sigh.
Zuo Yun took a step forward and asked, "Mentor Wen, who are our opponents?"
Mentor Wen smiled bitterly and passed the list to Zuo Yun. "Take a look for yourselves. It's also good to have an understanding of your opponents."
Xiao Yufeng's seven disciples were naturally concerned about who their first opponent was. They all gathered around. After seeing the list, their faces didn't look too good.
Xiao Yufeng's seven disciples were allocated for the first round. Their opponents were basically the top ten disciples of the Black Rock Peak, Forgotten Worry Peak, and Wanling Peak …
The disciples who were able to participate in the Peak Wide Tournament were the top ranked disciples in the Inner Sect. The higher the ranking of the peak, the more intense the competition between the disciples would be. The disciples who emerged from this intense competition would naturally be stronger than Little Rain Peak by a level.
"Alas, it seems that our Xiao Yufeng can only be a stepping stone for others …" Mentor Wen sighed. But when he saw the calm expression on Luo Zheng's face, his heart slightly moved.
Ever since Luo Zheng joined Xiao Yufeng, although he didn't show his talent, every time he appeared, he was able to create miracles. Looking at his appearance, it seemed that he had a certain degree of confidence?
Luo Zheng's state of mind was extremely calm. After understanding his importance in the Peak Competition, Luo Zheng first attached great importance to it. Then, he slowly relaxed his state of mind.
Relaxing didn't mean slacking off. It meant that he had to face this competition in a better state.
Luo Zheng also looked at his first opponent. It was Zhou Tong from Wanling Peak, who was at the Xiantian ninth stage.
"I know this Zhou Tong. He was born with divine strength. It is said that he is ranked 936 on the Blue Cloud Sect list. He has the strength to match a Xiantian Full Circle master. Brother Luo Zheng, you have to be careful," Zuo Yun warned.
Luo Zheng nodded and asked, "What about Brother Zuo Yun? Do you have confidence in your opponent? "
Zuo Yun smiled indifferently, "I don't have confidence. My opponent is Hei Ming from Black Rock Peak. This person is also at the Xiantian Full Circle master. Moreover, he is also an Illusion Array Master …"
Illusion Array Master …
Illusion Array Masters had very special attack methods. Generally, there were two types of illusion arrays. One was an ordinary illusion array. It only led people's spiritual power into the illusion array. It wouldn't cause any real harm to people. Just like the illusion array on Bloody Mountain, as well as the illusion array used in the Inner Sect assessment, it was of this type.
The other type was the Illusion Killing Array. This kind of Illusion Killing Array was extremely powerful and very difficult to deal with. Everyone didn't want to meet an Illusion Array Master in the arena because they might be tricked by the opponent if they weren't careful.
However, although Zuo Yun said that he didn't have confidence, his attitude was very calm. This was a good start. Perhaps he was just being modest when he said that he didn't have confidence.
Soon, the first round of the competition began.
The arena was divided into nine small arenas. This large arena was divided into nine small arenas. Each arena could accommodate eighteen people at the same time.
Around these nine arenas, there were faint circles of enchantments. These enchantments were to prevent the energy that escaped during the competition from harming the innocent. These enchantments were also personally arranged by several Daoists.
After the eighteen people entered the arena, the battle immediately began.
For a time, all kinds of true essence dispersed in the arena, dazzling the eyes of the spectators.
In the center of the arena, a young girl wearing a light yellow jacket was smiling as she faced a nine foot tall brawny man.
Because of the huge disparity between the two, this battle instantly attracted the attention of the majority of the spectators.
"That's Jade Maiden Peak's Quan Xiaoyan! She joined Jade Maiden Peak for two and a half years and is only eighteen years old this year! It is said that her talent is amazing. In just two years, she cultivated from the Xiantian first stage to the Xiantian ninth stage! I don't know if she can replicate the miracle of Luo Yan! "
"Hey, Luo Yan's miracle is not so easy to replicate. Quan Xiaoyan's opponent is also not weak. That guy called Long Bin, he should be cultivating an evil skill. Just look at the blood red true essence emitted from his body, it makes people feel a burst of fear … …"
While the spectators were discussing, Quan Xiaoyan had already made her move.
She was not tall, but her figure was extremely well-proportioned. Once she moved, she was like a rabbit. She held an exquisite small jade sword in her hand. After a faint surge of true essence, she rushed towards Long Bin with the small jade sword in her hand.
"Hehe … …" Long Bin obviously did not put Quan Xiaoyan in his eyes. He brandished the blood red broadsword in his hand, and a blood red true essence slashed out along the edge of the broadsword. From this blood red true essence, a fishy smell was emitted. Obviously, it contained a highly toxic poison. These True Essences were chopped out by Long Bin's saber, forming circles of True Essence rings, which dissipated in all directions.
Although Quan Xiaoyan's speed was fast and she was also very agile, but she was forced to retreat several times by these true essence rings.
"You can't break my Blood River Chariot! I advise you to obediently allow yourself to be captured! "Long Bin brandished his crimson saber, constantly creating True Essence rings.
In Long Bin's view, as the number of true essence rings in the arena increased, Quan Xiaoyan's defeat was only a matter of time!
The actual situation was indeed so. The number of true essence rings was no less than seventeen or eighteen, layer upon layer, dispersing in an irregular manner. Although Quan Xiaoyan's dodging speed was fast, the space provided for her to dodge was also getting smaller and smaller.
Finally, Quan Xiaoyan was forced into a corner by Long Bin. At this time, Long Bin cracked open his big mouth and laughed, "Little girl, just admit defeat. If you're infected with my Blood River Chariot's poison, I'll have to detoxify you in a moment. Let me tell you, detoxification is very troublesome. You'll have to take off your clothes, face to face … …"
While Long Bin was proudly speaking dirty words, Quan Xiaoyan's body suddenly shrunk slightly. Her whole body was shrouded in a faint multicolored light, and then she immediately jumped up and flew towards Long Bin at a very tricky angle.
Seeing Quan Xiaoyan's agility, Luo Zheng nodded, and then said with a smile, "That big guy should be defeated."
Zuo Yun looked at Luo Zheng in surprise, but did not speak. Zuo Yun felt that Quan Xiaoyan should lose. She couldn't break those poisonous true essence rings, so she couldn't do anything to Long Bin. From this point of view, Long Bin was already in an invincible position.

Chapter 223
Although Long Bin had a large number of Zhen Yuan rings, there were still gaps between them, and when those Zhen Yuan rings slowly flowed and created the best gaps, Quan Xiaoyan launched her attack.
Therefore, Quan Xiaoyan fiercely rushed through the gaps between the Zhen Yuan rings!
Long Bin was somewhat proud of himself as he had suppressed his opponent miserably in the first match. Moreover, his opponent was a delicate little beauty, but before he could finish his words, he saw Quan Xiaoyan's light yellow figure rushing straight towards him at an incomparably fast speed.
Long Bin's reaction was not slow, and at the critical moment, he roared loudly and took advantage of the momentum to slash at Quan Xiaoyan three times in a row.
"Blood Prison Triple Kill!"
"Dang Dang Dang!"
Quan Xiaoyan maintained a smile on her face and her delicate little face looked very cute, but under this cuteness, there was an absolute strength hidden.
The jade sword in her hand was much smaller than Long Bin's blood-colored broadsword. It was only about the length of two chopsticks, but it was this short jade sword that easily blocked the tyrannical power of the Blood Prison's Triple Kill.
Long Bin's face was filled with an inconceivable look, and he wanted to attack again, but he only saw a flash of blue light and the jade sword was already at his neck … …
"Quan Xiaoyan wins, Long Bin loses!"
The referee announced the result of the match.
Until the result of the match came out, Zuo Yun recovered from his shock. He had thought that Quan Xiaoyan might have some kind of hidden move that could reverse the result of the match, but he did not expect that Quan Xiaoyan would reverse the result so quickly and so fiercely.
At this time, Zuo Yun took a deep look at Luo Zheng and thought that this guy's vision was really good.
The nine matches were quickly finished, and the disciples in the arena withdrew one after another, and then the second batch of disciples entered the arena.
It was Luo Zheng's turn to enter the second batch of disciples.
"Huh? Am I seeing things? How come there is a Xiantian second stage guy? Where did he come from? "
"He is really at the Xiantian second stage, but for a Xiantian second stage disciple to be ranked at the top of the inner court, it is not bad. I remember that three years ago, Wang Yun was also at the Xiantian second stage, and he rushed into the top 100. Don't look down on him! Remember, you can't measure the sea with a pint pot, and you can't judge a book by its cover! "
"Nonsense, who is Wang Yun? Zhang Xuan was a direct disciple of the Master Teacher Pavilion, and his talent was astounding. Fighting those of a higher cultivation realm was nothing more than child's play for him. Regardless of whether it was his cultivation technique or zhenyuan, they were far more formidable than those of the same cultivation realm. This guy in front of him was Xiao Yufeng's disciple, and this Xiao Yufeng was ranked first from the bottom. His strength was so bad that it made people's hair stand on end. But, even though he was only at the Xiantian second stage, he was still able to reach the top of the peak. My younger brother has just broken through to Xiantian stage eight this year, so he is not qualified to fight in our mountain. If I had known earlier, I would have let him transfer to Xiao Yufeng, so that he would be qualified! "
Compared to these 700 disciples, Luo Zheng's Xiantian second stage strength was too conspicuous, so he attracted everyone's attention as soon as he entered.
Even Shi Jingtian looked at Luo Zheng. He pointed at Luo Zheng and asked, "Elder Xu, what's going on? Xiao Yufeng has a Xiantian second stage little guy? "
The competition was the time to show the strength of the elite disciples of the 33 peaks.
Those who could participate in the competition were the elite disciples of each peak, and the weakest of them was at the Xiantian eighth stage or ninth stage. Most of them were at the peak of the Xiantian realm, and some of them were even at the Divine Reflection realm!
It was no wonder that Shi Jingtian would ask about a Xiantian second stage kid.
"This … …" Elder Xu was also surprised. He also did not understand why Xiao Yufeng would send a Xiantian second stage kid, after all, the list of the 33 peaks was directly ranked by strength, and it was not calculated by them. However, Shi Jingtian's words were somewhat blaming. Was Xiao Yufeng's strength so bad? Why was he only able to send a Xiantian second stage kid?
"Haha, maybe his strength is not bad," Shi Jingtian said to himself.
Shi Jingtian's words gave Elder Xu a way out of the embarrassing situation. "Some disciples might have obtained some good fortune. It's not impossible for them to challenge those of a higher cultivation level." Even Elder Xu himself did not believe his own words.
There were indeed geniuses who could challenge those of a higher realm, but they would never be born in Xiao Yufeng. Most of the people who were willing to enter Xiao Yufeng were grassroots, or non-core disciples of landowning households. These people had received training since childhood, and they were not at the same level as others!
If Luo Zheng was a pro-disciple, Elder Xu might have some expectations, but Luo Zheng was an inner disciple of Xiao Yufeng, and he was at the Xiantian second stage. Was he here to show off? Elder Xu was also a little angry, and he wanted to ask Xiao Yufeng's mentor later to see what was going on!
At this moment, on the nine-grid fighting stage, all the disciples had finished their preparations, and the fight was about to start.
Although Luo Zheng's nine fights were going on at the same time, most of the eyes were focused on Luo Zheng's fight. The reason was that Luo Zheng's cultivation was too "dazzling".
"Heh heh heh, what good luck, I didn't expect to meet a Xiantian second stage kid in the first fight!" The person who spoke was Luo Zheng's opponent, Zhou Tong.
Zhou Tong was not tall, but his body was big and tall, and he looked very tall and sturdy.
Huan Ling Peak was ranked fifth among the 33 peaks of Clear Sky Peak, and there were many masters in the inner sect. Although they had the qualifications to participate in the Peak Competition, there were still too many monks and too little gruel. In order to compete for the qualifications to participate in the Peak Competition, the intensity of the competition could be imagined.
Zhou Tong relied on his strength of Xiantian ninth stage to defeat a Xiantian peak stage martial artist, and forcibly snatched the spot in his hands.
Luo Zheng looked at Zhou Tong indifferently, and did not speak.
Zhou Tong frowned and said, "I really can't figure it out. The rules of this Peak Wide Competition are too abominable. For the sake of a spot, I risked my life to obtain it. Why can a little fellow at the Xiantian second stage like you participate in the competition? If trash like you can participate in the Peak Competition, then Xiao Yufeng should be removed from the 33 peaks. "
Luo Zheng grinned. Although Zhou Tong looked down on him, he still wanted to use words to provoke him. It could be seen that this was a habit he had developed before.
In a fight between martial artists, using words to provoke the opponent, and making the opponent reveal a flaw when making a move, this was a method that many people understood. It was just that Zhou Tong did not take him seriously at all, but still ridiculed him in all kinds of ways, which was a bit too much.
"You don't have to think about things that you can't figure out. With your simple mind, you naturally can't figure out how I defeated you!" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Is that so … …" Zhou Tong laughed twice, and when the referee gave the order, he picked up the two bronze hammers on the ground, and fiercely swung them towards Luo Zheng.
Zhou Tong was born with divine strength, and his strength was not inferior to those of the Divine Reflection realm powerhouses. Carrying the bronze hammers and stepping on the ground, he was like a wild behemoth that was crazily charging towards Luo Zheng.
If one simply thought that Zhou Tong's strength was empty handed, then one would definitely underestimate his strength. The main cultivation method of the Eastern region was Zhen Yuan, and the body was auxiliary. The cultivation of the five layers of the body was just to purify the body, so that the body would have a better affinity with Zhen Yuan.
Zhou Tong's strength lay in the fact that not only was his strength enormous, but he was also very skilled in the use of Zhen Yuan!
Just as he swung the bronze hammers, a wave of Zhen Yuan quietly spread out from his feet. This wave of Zhen Yuan was earthy yellow, and if one looked carefully, they could feel a heavy aura coming from it.
"Swamp Trap!"
As soon as this Zhen Yuan gushed out, it was like a swamp, wrapping around Luo Zheng's feet layer by layer, firmly fixing him in place … …
Luo Zheng made a sound of surprise. This Zhou Tong's attack method was very unique. He directly fixed the opponent in place, and then used the bronze hammers to kill him.
This combination of moves seemed very creative, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was incomparably childish.
This move might have some effect on Xiantian life forms, because Xiantian life forms couldn't fly. They would definitely be bound by Zhou Tong's Swamp Trap, but how could they deal with a Divine Reflection realm expert? A Divine Reflection realm expert had the ability to fly, so this move was useless.
More importantly, what if the opponent's strength was stronger than Zhou Tong's?
Seeing the two hammers about to smash down in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile.
"That Xiantian second stage boy is a bit dangerous. Will he be crippled by Zhou Tong's hammers?"
"Encountering Zhou Tong is that boy's bad luck. Zhou Tong's Swamp Trap is simply impossible to dodge against a Xiantian life form."
Many disciples were discussing. What they cared about wasn't whether Luo Zheng would win or lose, but whether Luo Zheng would be smashed to death. After all, it wasn't the first time someone had accidentally killed someone in the arena.
"Luo Zheng, you can do it. This time, our Xiao Yufeng can only place our hopes on you and Zuo Yun. Don't lose the first match!" Instructor Wen silently prayed in his heart … …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 224
Strength is Zhou Tong's strongest point.
If his two hammers were to swing, not to mention a peak Xiantian master, even a Divine Reflection powerhouse would have to retreat.
With Luo Zheng's Xiantian second stage cultivation, if he couldn't break free from his "Swamp Trap", Luo Zheng would undoubtedly be defeated by these two hammers.
Just as the two hammers arrived in front of Luo Zheng and heavily smashed down towards him, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his hands to meet the hammers.
"You're courting death!"
Zhou Tong coldly snorted and heavily smashed down with the two hammers. This brat actually dared to meet his hammers with his bare hands! The Copper Hammer was capable of shattering his bones and tendons!
"Clang clang!"
Luo Zheng's hands blocked the hammers.
The scene Zhou Tong imagined didn't happen. Luo Zheng firmly caught the two hammers with his bare hands!
"How is this possible?" Seeing this scene, Zhou Tong's eyes almost popped out.
"Innate divine strength! So that's how it is, this brat also has innate divine strength! "
"No wonder this brat could participate in the Peak Competition with the strength of a Xiantian second stage. That Zhou Tong originally had innate divine strength and infinite strength. Even a Divine Reflection powerhouse would have to be wary of him. But Luo Zheng actually caught Zhou Tong's hammers with his bare hands!"
Swinging the hammers is obviously much easier than catching them.
Just like Zhou Tong himself also had innate divine strength, but he certainly couldn't catch the power of his hammers.
Luo Zheng could forcibly catch his hammers. This could only mean one thing, and that was that Luo Zheng's strength far exceeded his, and not just by a little bit!
What's even more abnormal was that when he swung the hammers, they had terrifying acceleration. Even if a peak Xiantian martial artist caught them with their bare hands, they would still be smashed to pieces!
But Luo Zheng's hands were completely unharmed … … What the hell was this guy's body made of!
When Luo Zheng caught the hammers, he only opened one-third of his dragon scales. Borrowing one-third of the dragon scales' power was enough to deal with Zhou Tong.
Separated by the bronze hammer, Luo Zheng and Zhou Tong's eyes met. A faint smile still appeared on his face.
In Zhou Tong's eyes, this smile was so dazzling!
Strength had always been Zhou Tong's strong point, but he had not expected that Luo Zheng's strength would actually far surpass his own.
The greatest blow to a person's strength was when a person's strong point was surpassed by another person's weak point. Zhou Tong was unable to control his emotions, his eyes turning red.
"Frenzied Strike! Ha! "
He roared and waved the bronze hammer in his hand wildly.
"Dang dang dang dang dang dang …"
No matter how Zhou Tong attacked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's hand would always be able to perfectly block his copper hammer, producing a crisp sound.
For Luo Zheng, this kind of beating was a suitable tempering …
Every time he used his fists to block the attack of the copper hammer, he felt a warm current flowing from his hands. It flowed through his meridians and spread throughout his body before gathering in his dantian.
Therefore, Luo Zheng did not hurry to end the fight. Instead, he continued to block Zhou Tong's hammers.
Nine fights were taking place in the Nine Palace Grid, but Luo Zheng's fight attracted everyone's attention.
"This Luo Zheng, is he a masochist? Taking a beating like this is too terrifying … "
"Oh my god, that bronze hammer is also a high-grade profound weapon. When it hit Luo Zheng's body like this, it actually produced a dent on the surface. Could it be that Luo Zheng's body is harder than a high-grade profound weapon?"
Most of the disciples' faces revealed an extremely shocked expression. They looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a monster. They all thought at the same time, what would happen if that big bronze hammer hit their body …
"Interesting, I was wondering how a talent of our Blue Cloud Sect could wither to this extent. Even a Xiantian second stage master can participate in the All-Sect Competition. This kid has copper skin and iron bones!" Sitting high up, Shi Jingtian nodded his head and laughed.
"Sect Master is wise! This time, his body is so hard. I'm afraid he has a great opportunity! "Elder Xu quickly echoed.
"The All-Sect Competition is full of talents. If this kid only relies on his physical strength, I'm afraid he can't go far." At this time, another Elder Huang next to him shook his head and said.
Sect Master Shi Potian shook his head and said, "Since a disciple has the confidence to participate in the All-Sect Competition, naturally, he won't have a trump card in his hand. On the surface, this young man relies on his skin and iron bones, but in fact, he hasn't used his trump card. Who knows?"
"Oh? Sect Master, you mean you think highly of this kid? " Elder Huang was slightly stunned. In his opinion, there was no opportunistic way to take advantage of the competition. Even if you passed the first round with brute force, the following disciples would be careful and target Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's copper skin and iron bones seemed to be comparable to a high-grade profound weapon, in the All-Sect Competition, there were still many disciples who could break through his defense.
"It's hard to say." Shi Potian shook his head. "Let's wait and see. In any case, it's not bad to have such interesting little guys in the All-Sect Competition."
In the corner of the arena, a young man in a purple robe was sitting on the ground. The young man's knees were crossed, and his hands were placed in a diagonal position between his Dantian. In his Dantian, there was constantly light yellow True Essence slowly overflowing. The strange thing was that the True Essence formed Sanskrit characters that constantly danced around him.
At first glance, this personal disciple gave off a solemn and dignified feeling.
"Senior Brother Pei, do you see that kid in the Nine Palaces Grid?" Next to him stood a girl in purple. The girl had black silk hair, and the skin on her face was white and delicate, giving off a feeling of freshness.
"I see him!" Senior Brother Pei, who was sitting on the ground, responded indifferently. However, his eyes were closed and he didn't open them from beginning to end, so he didn't know how he could see everything in the arena.
The girl in purple blinked her eyes and said with a smile, "Then what do you think about that kid who is being beaten? How does his defensive power compare to yours?"
Senior-apprentice Brother Pei faintly replied, "He should be cultivating a very special body refining method that strengthens his mortal body to the extreme in order to have such an effect. However, when we Eastern Domain martial artists cultivate, we ultimately rely on true essence to cultivate our mortal body. Once we reach a certain height, we will no longer be able to use Inch Strength. He is simply neglecting the essentials. My body is not as strong as his, but the Golden Bell Shield condensed from True Essence is naturally not inferior to his. "
"I think so too! I don't know where this kid came from, but he's really interesting. His body is so hard, I'd like to cut two holes in his body! " The girl in purple said with a smile, but there was a trace of ruthlessness in her beautiful eyes. If one's cultivation was not high enough, they would feel as if they were being stared at by a poisonous snake.
"Xiantian second stage, even if he has innate divine strength and physical ability, he shouldn't be able to enter the top 100. Junior Sister Mo, I'm afraid you won't be able to fight with him." Senior Brother Pei continued to say.
"That will depend on his luck, hee hee!" Junior Sister Mo finished speaking and continued to watch the matches in the arena with a smile.
It was impossible for their pro-disciples to participate in the group matches, except for Wang Yun from three years ago, who was only at the Xiantian second stage and was forced to fight his way out of the group matches.
"Clang, clang, clang … …"
The pair of bronze hammers pounded on Luo Zheng's body again and again, and the sound was as loud as a bell, constantly reverberating in the arena.
At this moment, the other eight matches in the arena were gradually coming to an end and the referee was judging the outcome of the match. The disciples left the arena one after another, and only the match between Luo Zheng and Zhou Tong was still going on.
Zhou Tong was riding a tiger and was in a difficult position. He really couldn't understand why his bronze hammers couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body! That guy was actually smiling at him, what the hell was he smiling at! Zhou Tong cursed loudly in his heart. He couldn't wait to directly smash Luo Zheng's head.
But what made Zhou Tong even more depressed was that there were actually many dents on his pair of hammers!
Zhou Tong was also from a gentry family, but the gentry family he belonged to was not rich. Not every gentry family was as rich as the seven gentry families.
Furthermore, hammer type weapons were extremely rare and if he wanted to pick out a suitable pair of copper hammers from the upper grade Profound Armaments, that would be extremely difficult. He would definitely not be able to change this pair of copper hammers so he could only look for an Armament Master to repair it …
No matter what, he had to first deal with Luo Zheng, otherwise, not only would he lose the match, but he would also lose this pair of bronze hammers!
Losing this pair of bronze hammers would greatly weaken Zhou Tong's battle prowess, and he also didn't know what kind of weapon he would use in the next match.
"Rolling Mine Hammer!"
Zhou Tong suddenly lowered his body, and the bronze hammers in his hands drew two terrifying arcs in the air and pounded towards Luo Zheng's legs.
This time, Zhou Tong's gaze was on Luo Zheng's legs.
Zhou Tong was unable to break Luo Zheng's hands, so it wasn't realistic to directly hit Luo Zheng's face and chest. But this Rolling Mine Hammer was specifically aimed at the opponent's lower body. A person's lower leg bones were relatively weak, and the lower leg bones lacked the protection of fat. As long as these two hammers hit, it would be able to forcibly break Luo Zheng's lower legs!
If Luo Zheng's legs were crippled, Zhou Tong's chances of winning would be much higher.
Because of his sudden move, the two hammers arrived in front of Luo Zheng's lower body in a flash. He was delighted, as Luo Zheng obviously didn't expect that he would suddenly change his move.
But Zhou Tong's happiness didn't last long, as he saw Luo Zheng's pair of fists coming down on his head like a viper coming out of its hole.
"Clang clang!" Luo Zheng's iron fists smashed onto the bronze hammers, and forcibly pressed the hammers to the ground. Even though the ground of the arena was protected by a barrier, Luo Zheng still managed to make two holes.
Zhou Tong wanted to pull out the bronze hammers, but when he tried to pull them out, he found that the two hammers didn't move at all. Under the pressure of Luo Zheng's strength, they seemed to be embedded in the arena.
Disciples who were able to participate in the All-Peak Great Competition were all strong-willed people, so how could they admit defeat so easily?
After realizing that there was a huge gap in strength between himself and Luo Zheng, Zhou Tong decisively abandoned his weapon. What he feared the most was that with a fierce roar, all the True Essence in his body burst out, and that earth-yellow True Essence condensed on his body like a layer of armor.

Chapter 225
Layers upon layers of battle armor condensed on his body, forming an incomparably thick defensive layer. After attacking for a long time without success, Zhou Tong finally switched from an offensive to a defensive stance.
"Haha, my Earth Spirit Battle Armor can defend against an all-out attack from a Divine Realm powerhouse. So what if you have infinite strength? Without the support of true essence, you can't break my battle armor! " Zhou Tong originally didn't plan on using this trump card. In the All-Peak Tournament, there were many geniuses. Many moves needed to be used at a critical moment in order to reverse the situation. But if he didn't use this move, he would be defeated.
In the first match, Zhou Tong wasn't considered strong for Luo Zheng. But for Zhou Tong to have so many trump cards left Luo Zheng somewhat surprised.
"It can defend against an all-out attack from a Divine Realm master?" Luo Zheng stared at the Earth Spirit Battle Armor on Zhou Tong's body, his lips curving into a smile. Since this was the case, he would test the limits of his mortal body's striking power!
"Collapsing Fist!"
Luo Zheng suddenly slid a step to the side, the strength of his entire body exploding. This time, Luo Zheng mobilized half of the dragon scale's strength.
His mortal body was originally much stronger than an ordinary martial artist's, not to mention the dragon scale's strength. Half of the dragon scale's strength was enough to strengthen Luo Zheng's pure mortal body by dozens of times!
Puff!
Luo Zheng's Collapsing Fist smashed into Zhou Tong's Earth Spirit Battle Armor, emitting a dull sound. The sound was like hitting dirt. Zhou Tong's earth-attribute true essence was originally good at defense. His Earth Spirit Battle Armor contained traces of the power of the earth. In the moment of an attack, it was able to disperse the power of the attack across the entire battle armor.
Deng deng …
Zhou Tong drew back two steps, his face flushed red. He thought that the strength Luo Zheng had erupted with before was Luo Zheng's limit. But under this fist, the true essence within his body tumbled, and a powerful strength leaked onto his battle armor. He found it difficult to withstand, and his Earth Spirit Battle Armor nearly collapsed.
"How is this possible …" Zhou Tong was born with divine strength, so he knew very well how difficult it was to increase one's strength. When and how did Luo Zheng's strength suddenly increase by half in an instant? Could it be that this was not the limit of his strength? Or perhaps, he had been holding back before?
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He waved his fist and continued to press forward. It was still half the power of the dragon scale. He once again smashed into the Earth Spirit Armor.
"Pfff …"
With a muffled thump, the thick Earth Spirit Battle Armor began to flicker as if it would collapse at any moment …
The sickly red flush on Zhou Tong's face deepened. After enduring for a long time, he finally couldn't hold it in any longer and spat out a mouthful of blood!
He couldn't hold on any longer …
When Luo Zheng took a sliding step and was about to rush over, Zhou Tong suddenly waved his hand and hurriedly shouted, "Referee, referee, I admit defeat!"
"Luo Zheng wins, Zhou Tong loses!"
The referee on the side announced the result of the battle expressionlessly.
Since Zhou Tong admitted defeat, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't continue to pursue him. Although there were disciples who died in the All-Peak Competition, in the end, it wasn't advocated to fight to the death.
Only when he saw Luo Zhai's hand did Zhou Tong gasp for a few breaths of air. In his heart, he thought that it was a close call. This fellow was simply a ferocious beast in human form. His Earth Spirit Battle Armor was about to collapse. If this terrifying fellow's fist landed on his body, he would probably be smashed into a dead pig …
"Luo Zheng, good job!" Mentor Wen's face revealed a gratified smile.
In the eyes of Mentor Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng had always been an anomaly. In fact, because Su Lingyun had been taking care of Luo Zheng before, the other mentors didn't intervene in Luo Zheng's affairs. However, Luo Zheng's several amazing performances were obvious to all.
The better Luo Zheng's performance was, the more benefits it would bring to Xiao Yufeng. Not only the gap in glory, but the whole Xiao Yufeng would also benefit. If Xiao Yufeng's ranking went up, the rewards of the other mentors would also increase.
The most important thing was that they wouldn't be looked down upon by the other peaks.
Mentor Wen intentionally or unintentionally looked at Mentor Wang of the Thick Sea Peak.
Mentor Wang sneered, "You're just born with great strength. Since ancient times, there have been many disciples born with great strength, but none of them have made great achievements. Haha, Tianyou, it's your turn in a while. You've prepared for the All-Peak Competition for two years. Our Thick Sea Peak is counting on you. If you meet Xiao Yufeng in the following matches, beat him hard!"
Beside Mentor Wang, there was a submissive disciple. That disciple was the Tianyou that Mentor Wang had mentioned.
Tianyou was also a Xiantian Full Cycle expert. The comprehensive battle strength of the Thick Sea Peak was one level higher than that of Xiao Yufeng. This time, there were three Xiantian Full Cycle experts participating in the All-Peak Competition.
The Thick Sea Peak was very ambitious. Their goal was to raise the ranking of the Thick Sea Peak to about the top ten. Among them, Tianyou was their biggest hope.
Hearing Instructor Wang's words, Tian You nodded. His appearance was ordinary, and he belonged to the type of people who would not be found in a crowd. However, when his eyes flashed, there was a bright light in them, as if they contained an extremely dangerous aura.
"Mentor Wang, I won't let you down. If I meet that guy, I'm sure I can defeat him in ten breaths." A confident smile appeared on Tianyou's face. It seemed that he didn't take Luo Zheng's performance seriously at all.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng's performance did surprise some people. In addition, Luo Zheng's opponent was also born with great strength, so the brute force confrontation between the two was indeed quite eye-catching.
However, in the Eastern Region, 99% of the warriors cultivated Zhen Yuan, and they disdained the use of pure strength. Abandoning Zhen Yuan and purely using brute force was a typical behavior of throwing away a watermelon and picking up sesame seeds. Therefore, most people just laughed it off, because Luo Zheng's brute force was not a big threat to them.
The conversation between Mentor Wang and Tianyou was not loud, but Luo Zheng, who had an extremely keen sense of hearing, heard it clearly. After all, they didn't deliberately lower their voices.
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't have much of a reaction.
After Luo Zheng's fight, Zuo Yun and another disciple of Xiao Yufeng came out.
Zuo Yun was the only Xiantian Full Circle disciple of Xiao Yufeng, so Xiao Yufeng naturally attached great importance to him. Moreover, Zuo Yun's first opponent was Hei Ming of the Black Rock Peak, who was not only a Xiantian Full Circle disciple, but also an Illusion Matrix Master.
To become an Illusion Matrix Master, one's soul talent was extremely high. That Hei Ming was able to cultivate to the Xiantian Full Circle realm at such a young age, and also had attainments in Illusion Matrices, which was enough to show that he was a heaven-sent genius.
Moreover, the Killing Matrices used by Illusion Matrix Masters were unpredictable and changeable, which was very difficult to deal with.
Therefore, Zuo Yun's first fight was against such an opponent, which could be said to be a bad start.
However, since Zuo Yun was able to reach this step, he was also a person with a firm will. Naturally, he wouldn't easily admit defeat just because the opponent was difficult to deal with.
After the 18 disciples of the Nine Palace Grid had all arrived, the referee announced the start of the fight.
Hei Ming wasn't tall, his skin was dark, and his teeth were white when he smiled. When Zuo Yun's gaze swept over Hei Ming, he suddenly felt his soul tremble.
This was the special ability of an Illusion Matrix Master, which was to use a powerful soul force to suppress the opponent.
In fact, if Luo Zheng had cultivated, he could also use his powerful soul force to create this effect. However, Luo Zheng cultivated the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》, which was a Heaven-class technique that was more inclined towards sudden attacks. When the opponent was caught off guard, it would give the opponent a strong blow to the soul, and then use a heavy sneak attack. Combined with Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife, it was even more successful.
However, Hei Ming's soul force was endless, and was inclined to use his soul force to suppress the opponent.
The two Xiantian Full Circle disciples didn't exchange words. As soon as the referee's voice fell, Hei Ming's hand suddenly threw down an array flag. This array flag was completely black, as if it had a life of its own. When it was thrown on the ground, it automatically stood up.
"Set up the array, Black Fog Killing Array!"
Zuo Yun's fighting experience was also very rich. Of the disciples who had the perseverance to enter the Xiantian Full Circle, which one of them didn't train hard? If the Illusion Matrix Master was allowed to set up the array, it would inevitably affect Zuo Yun's fighting strength. At the same time, it would greatly increase Hei Ming's fighting strength.
Therefore, Zuo Yun moved the moment Hei Ming threw down the array flag. A white spear appeared in his hand. Zuo Yun used a spear!
As soon as the spear appeared, it directly pointed towards Hei Ming!
"Yi, Zuo Yun used a spear?" Teacher Wen saw this scene and was stunned.
The disciples on Xiao Yufeng also looked at each other.
In their impression, Zuo Yun had never used a weapon. Even when Zuo Yun accepted several challenges from the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng, he didn't use a weapon. He had always used a fist technique!
But today, as soon as he appeared, he took out a weapon. The white spear's grade was not low. It was actually a middle-grade spiritual weapon.
"Hehe, I didn't expect Zuo Yun to hide so deeply!" Teacher Wen laughed. Obviously, the reason why Zuo Yun hid his spear technique was to use it in the All-Peak Competition. Know yourself and know your enemy, and you will be victorious. On the other hand, if the enemy knew less about you, your chances of winning would be higher.
Another teacher on Xiao Yufeng shook his head and said, "Teacher Wen, don't be happy too early. Zuo Yun used a spear at the beginning. This shows that he is afraid of Hei Ming's illusory array. Otherwise, he would have left the spear to use in the next battle."
"That's true … The chances of winning this battle will depend on Zuo Yun's performance," Teacher Wen said cautiously.
In the battle arena, Zuo Yun's spear pierced through the air. Hei Ming was not only proficient in arrays, but his body movement was also not bad. He was like an extremely flexible fish.
Zuo Yun did not follow Hei Ming's figure after his spear pierced through the air. He knew that the most terrifying thing about Hei Ming was not himself, but his array flag. Once Hei Ming's illusory array was set up, his chances of winning would be greatly reduced!
Therefore, Zuo Yun stabbed the array flag on the ground with his spear. He wanted to destroy this array flag.

Chapter 226
Array flags were used to arrange an illusion array.
An illusion array master's ultimate goal was to draw an illusion array. It was impossible for them to draw an illusion array during a battle. Therefore, they would draw the illusion array on the array flags before the battle. This way, they would only need to throw out the array flags during the battle.
The most important thing to fight against an illusion array master was to prevent them from arranging the array flags. Once an illusion array master finished arranging the array flags, the illusion array would be very beneficial to the illusion array master. Whether it was an ordinary illusion array or an illusion killing array, the threat was very big.
Therefore, Zuo Yun's spear did not succeed. His next spear thrust towards the black battle flag on the ground.
However, at the same time that Zuo Yun thrust out his spear, a black fog escaped from the array flag. As soon as the fog appeared, it enveloped Zuo Yun.
This black fog was one of Hei Ming's soul attacks.
Strictly speaking, this array flag was not used by Hei Ming to arrange an illusion array. The black array flag was just a bait. When Zuo Yun attacked this bait, the black array flag would release the black fog and bind Zuo Yun.
During a battle, no one would allow an illusion array master to easily arrange an illusion array. However, an illusion array master's fighting style was flexible and varied. Zuo Yun was not careful for a long time.
"You want to destroy my array flags? Dream on … "
A sneer appeared on Hei Ming's face. He immediately threw several different colored array flags on the ground.
At this time, Zuo Yun was bound by the first array flag. Naturally, he could not divert his attention to destroy the array flags behind Hei Ming.
"Puff Puff Puff …"
Hei Ming threw out six array flags in one breath. These array flags were arranged in a hexagon with equal distances. It just so happened that Zuo Yun was trapped in the middle.
Immediately, Hei Ming took out an illusion array disc. He poured a touch of True Essence into it. The six array flags lit up at the same time. The illusion array was activated.
With great difficulty, Zuo Yun managed to free himself from the black fog produced by the Black War Flag, but immediately after, he fell into the Black Cry's Illusion Array. Standing in the Illusion Array, Zuo Yun felt as if he was facing a great enemy, and the long spear in his hand was constantly thrusting.
In all fairness, Zuo Yun's spear technique was very strong. Every time he thrust out his spear, it was like a poisonous dragon coming out of its lair. Above the spearhead, there was even a glimmer of True Essence. This kind of spear technique was not something that could be practiced overnight, and almost no one in Xiao Yufeng knew that Zuo Yun knew how to use a spear. This meant that Zuo Yun had secretly passed down a very powerful technique.
But Zuo Yun, who was in the illusion array, stabbed the air with his spear. Even if Hei Ming was close, Zuo Yun was unable to discover him!
At this time, Hei Ming had a smile on his face. He took out a Fire Water Rod from his spatial ring and slowly walked behind Zuo Yun.
"Since you are in my Illusion Array, you are unable to distinguish between real and fake illusions. At this moment, you can only be slaughtered by me!"
Hei Ming's Illusion Array was not an Illusion Killing Array, but an extremely strange Illusion Array. In this Illusion Array, one would not be harmed, but the Illusion Array would create many illusions of Hei Ming. At this time, Zuo Yun's long spear was thrusting through the air, assassinating Hei Ming's illusions.
Therefore, no matter how powerful Zuo Yun's spear technique was, he would not be able to distinguish Hei Ming's real body in the Illusion Array. Therefore, Hei Ming should be able to easily win this battle.
But just as Hei Ming arrived behind Zuo Yun and was about to raise his Fire Water Rod to attack Zuo Yun, Zuo Yun seemed to feel something. He suddenly turned around and counterattacked.
"Hu –"
The long spear in Zuo Yun's hand was pushed over. The cold light on the tip of the spear was aimed straight at Hei Ming's chest.
Hei Ming didn't realize that Zuo Yun could discover his real body among so many illusions. Therefore, when he saw Zuo Yun's ferocious strike, he couldn't react in time. At the same time, he sucked in a breath of cold air and tried his best to shrink to the side!
"Chi …"
Although Hei Ming's dodging speed was fast, the clothes on his chest were still cut by Zuo Yun's long spear. The sound of cloth tearing could be heard.
Zuo Yun's spear hit the target. Then, with a shake of his hands, Hei Ming's voice was followed by a few more spear attacks.
Hei Ming was so scared that he rolled and crawled on the ground. In the end, he still managed to dodge Zuo Yun's spear attacks.
"This, this guy …" Hei Ming's face turned gloomy. Originally, after he activated the illusion array, he thought that he had won the battle. He did not expect this guy's perception to be so sharp. Under the siege of so many illusions, he was still able to find his real body!
With Hei Ming's illusion array strength, Zuo Yun would definitely not be able to distinguish the authenticity of the illusions. This meant that Zuo Yun had a very sharp perception and was able to lock onto Hei Ming's killing intent.
The illusions in the illusion array were exactly the same as the real body. Even the killing intent could be faked. However, Hei Ming's strength was not at that level. That was why the scene just now happened.
"I did not expect you to have such good perception. I have underestimated you! How about this time? " Hei Ming took out a slender crystal and pressed it into the illusion array disc. When the crystal was pressed in, it immediately released a surge of energy.
The illusion array disc was the control center of the illusion array. After increasing the energy, the illusion array set up by Hei Ming was even more powerful.
Zuo Yun's face suddenly changed. Standing in the center of the illusion array, it was as if he had seen something terrifying. The spear in his hand continuously stabbed out. From time to time, he would reveal a confused expression.
Hei Ming smiled. He raised the Fire Water Rod and walked forward to Zuo Yun's side. When Zuo Yun stabbed out with his spear, Hei Ming's rod smashed onto Zuo Yun's shoulder.
"Heaven-traversing Rod Technique!"
As an illusion array master, Hei Ming's attainments in array formations were astonishing. However, his attack power was not strong. After all, he was in the Xiantian Full Circle realm. When he smashed out with his rod, Zuo Yun was caught off guard.
"Bang!"
The heavy rod smashed Zuo Yun several meters away.
Although Zuo Yun was in pain from the strike, he rolled on the ground. He quickly grabbed onto his spear and leaped up. The spear in his hand circled around him as he swept it around.
Unfortunately, after Hei Ming gave Zuo Yun a heavy blow, he had retreated far away. Zuo Yun's spear swept through the air.
"I thought this rod could smash your shoulder blade. I didn't expect your defense to be so good. It doesn't matter. There's still time …" Hei Ming sneered. He continued to avoid Zuo Yun's attack and approached him from behind.
"Bang!"
Hei Ming smashed his rod again. This time, the rod hit Zuo Yun's back.
After being hit by this rod, Zuo Yun was finally unable to withstand it. He spat out a mouthful of blood …
"Alas, Zuo Yun is unlucky to encounter an illusion array master. He can't break his illusion array and can only take a beating!" Mentor Wen shook his head. Xiao Yufeng's disciple with the highest realm was being played in the palm of his hand. He definitely couldn't be happy.
"Zuo Yun should just admit defeat. Why is he still persisting?! He won't be eliminated even if he loses a match. I didn't expect him to be so stubborn! "Another mentor said with a frown.
Luo Zheng looked at Zuo Yun, who was being beaten in the arena. Admitting defeat was indeed a simple matter for Zuo Yun. However, Luo Zheng understood that Zuo Yun's martial arts heart was extremely tenacious.
The most important thing for this kind of martial arts heart was persistence! It was also the most precious martial arts heart among martial artists.
He didn't want to admit defeat so casually because he didn't want to damage his martial arts heart! If he admitted defeat so casually, his martial arts heart would collapse. If he admitted defeat to any opponent in the future, what motivation would he have to grow?
Unless Zuo Yun completely lost his fighting strength, he would fight with all his strength. This was the persistence of a martial artist!
Strictly speaking, Zuo Yun's talent wasn't outstanding. However, his tenacious martial arts heart allowed him to walk all the way to the Xiantian Full Circle. Therefore, the path of cultivation didn't only rely on talent, but also one's own efforts and persistence.
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples didn't expect that Zuo Yun would lose so miserably in his first match.
Hei Ming's Fire Water Rod looked like a wooden rod. However, a knowledgeable refiner would be able to tell that the rod was made from hundred-year-old Xuan Gold Wood.
After the Xuan Gold Wood was harvested, it had to be boiled in boiling oil for half a year. After it was completely cooked and soft, a carving knife was used to inscribe runes on it. After the runes were added to the array, a layer of dark iron could be wrapped around it. Only then could the Fire Water Rod, which was close to a high-grade spirit weapon.
Not only was this rod very heavy, but it was also much harder than ordinary gold and iron. It could smash a person to death.
Zuo Yun was smashed more than a dozen times by the rod. Bruises covered his entire body, and many of his bones were broken. However, he still relied on his willpower and stubbornly held on.
A cruel smile appeared on Hei Ming's face. That smile was like the smile of a naive and cruel child who tore apart a frog that he caught.
"Enough!" Mentor Wen stood up angrily. He walked to the arena and shouted, "In this match, our Xiao Yufeng's disciple, Zuo Yun, admits defeat!"
Hei Ming threw down the half-dead Zuo Yun and smiled at Mentor Wen. "Isn't this against the rules? You can't admit defeat on behalf of him. Hehe. "
According to the rules, Mentor Wen couldn't admit defeat on behalf of Zuo Yun. Only Zuo Yun himself could admit defeat.
However, Zuo Yun was already lying on the ground on the verge of death. Could it be that he could only watch as Zuo Yun was beaten to death by this brat?
"Brat, are you a disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak?" Mentor Wen asked coldly. There was a hint of threat in his words. Although the Mentor of the 33 Peaks didn't have much power, if Hei Ming didn't have any background, it was still possible to trick this brat. Moreover, Mentor Wen had Su Lingyun to rely on. Su Lingyun was the most protective. Although she didn't pay as much attention to Zuo Yun as Luo Zheng, if she knew that Xiao Yufeng's disciple was beaten and humiliated by other Peaks' disciples, she wouldn't let it go. Fortunately, Su Lingyun wasn't here today. Otherwise, she would have already rushed up.
"So what if he's a disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak? What? Mentor Wen, do you have a problem with that? " At this time, an old woman with a walking stick came out. This old woman was the Mentor of the Nine Zhang Peak. Although her cultivation wasn't high, she was very old. It was said that even some immortals had to call her Granny Hua when they met.
Hearing Granny Hua's words, Mentor Wen suddenly stopped talking. This Granny Hua was indeed a difficult person to deal with.
But seeing Zuo Yun's dying appearance, Mentor Wen's anger rose from his heart. The Peak Competition was not a battle to the death. This brat was actually so cruel. If this could be tolerated, what could not be tolerated? Just as Mentor Wen was arguing with reason, the referee suddenly announced Hei Ming's victory.
According to the rules of the Peak Competition, if one side directly admitted defeat or lost the ability to fight, it was considered a defeat. After Zuo Yun couldn't hold on, the referee naturally announced that Hei Ming was the winner.
Mentor Wen glared at him fiercely, then jumped into the arena and carried Zuo Yun down.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 227
Granny Hua patted Hei Ming's shoulder and said, "Hei Ming, well done! But take it easy next time. Those trash from Xiao Yufeng aren't worth your Fantasy Demon Crystal! "
The Fantasy Demon Crystal was a crystal that Magic Matrix Masters often used to increase the power of their Magic Matrix. Hei Ming's Magic Matrix didn't completely trap Zuo Yun, but after using that Fantasy Demon Crystal, the power of the Magic Matrix suddenly increased greatly, making Zuo Yun unable to resist.
Mentor Wen walked down with the scarred Zuo Yun in his arms. When he heard Granny Hua say that the disciples of Xiao Yufeng were trash, he was so angry that his beard trembled. "You!"
Granny Hua glanced at Mentor Wen indifferently. Her wrinkled face smiled and said, "What? The last peak, the only peak that can send out a Xiantian Full Circle expert, was beaten by our Nine Zhang Peak's disciples. If he isn't trash, then what is? "
The Nine Zhang Peak was ranked 11th among the 33 peaks. Its strength wasn't bad, and Hei Ming was very young. He was only 18 years old this year. What's more, Hei Ming wasn't the most powerful disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak. This time, the Nine Zhang Peak was very ambitious. If they wanted to reach the top 5, they had several trump cards in their peak.
The disciples of Xiao Yufeng were filled with righteous indignation. They stared at Hei Ming and Granny Hua angrily, but their skills were inferior. At this moment, they really had nothing to say.
After Mentor Wen put down Zuo Yun gently, he took out a medicinal pill from his chest and prepared to stuff it into Zuo Yun's mouth.
At this moment, Luo Zheng handed over a fiery red medicinal pill and said, "Mentor Wen, let him eat this."
Mentor Wen took a closer look and a surprised expression appeared on his face. This was a Red Cloud Pill.
Fifth-grade medicinal pills were expensive, but Luo Zheng could afford them with his current status, so he often prepared some first-aid medicinal pills.
Tutor Wen couldn't tell that Luo Zheng was so rich. He guessed that this medicinal pill was most likely given to Luo Zheng by Su Lingyun. However, the fact that Luo Zheng was willing to give a fifth-grade medicinal pill to Zuo Yun made Tutor Wen secretly shocked. It should be known that the value of a fifth-grade medicinal pill was enough to make a Xiantian Realm warrior struggle for many years. Luo Zheng was indeed very generous.
What he didn't know was that Luo Zheng's current net worth wasn't lower than those old monsters. He was even richer than Su Lingyun.
Although Su Lingyun was a princess, her net worth was no more than 100,000 cubic crystal stones. This was already considered rich among the princesses. After all, the Imperial Family didn't know how to do business. Too many cubic crystal stones were useless to them.
Luo Zheng relied on refining the essence of the Third Eye. It could be said that he was guarding a never-ending mine. When he was short of money, he only needed to smelt some Xuan Weapons and Spiritual Weapons, and the cubic crystal stones would flow into his account.
After Zuo Yun swallowed the Red Cloud Pill, a flush appeared on his pale face. This Red Cloud Pill was very effective, but its medicinal properties were also very strong. The medicinal effects crashed left and right in Zuo Yun's body, making Zuo Yun very painful.
After a while, Zuo Yun woke up and gasped for breath. He reached out to wipe the sweat on his forehead and said to Mentor Wen, "I'm sorry, Mentor Wen. My cultivation is too low."
Zuo Yun didn't need to say this to Mentor Wen because Mentor Wen wasn't his Master. Zuo Yun was fighting for himself and Xiao Yufeng, not for someone else.
"It's okay. Zuo Yun, you can rest at ease and recuperate." Mentor Wen smiled bitterly and said, "Our Xiao Yufeng is the last one anyway. Even if we lose this time, we'll only be ranked 33rd. We won't fall to 34th …"
Zuo Yun also sighed. This time, his goal was to strive to enter the top 100. In fact, in the previous battle, he still had a lot of strength that he hadn't used, but his attainments in the aspect of soul were not high enough, so he was at a disadvantage against an Illusion Matrix Master.
Now that he had been seriously injured at the beginning, he naturally couldn't fight again. Although the Red Cloud Pill's medicinal effects were excellent and could completely heal his injuries without leaving any sequelae, but he still had to rest for several days. So, he naturally had no chance to participate in the All-Peak Competition.
At this time, Zuo Yun suddenly looked at Luo Zheng. Zuo Yun also understood that it was impossible to count on Xiao Yufeng and the other disciples, because none of them had reached the peak of Xiantian realm, so it was impossible for them to achieve good results. Although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage, but Luo Zheng's fighting strength couldn't be measured by his realm.
"Brother Luo Zheng, now we can only count on you." Zuo Yun said softly.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Zuo Yun, you can rest assured that I will make the disciples of Jiuzhang Peak pay the price, hehe …"
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng's face didn't have much expression, but this didn't mean that he didn't care about Xiao Yufeng's colleagues. In particular, Zuo Yun's character was quite good. He didn't deliberately target him because Luo Zheng had snatched the first place of Xiao Yufeng. Instead, he told him about the rules and a lot of information about the All-Peak Competition, so that Luo Zheng could have a general understanding of the All-Peak Competition.
Therefore, Luo Zheng had silently made a decision in his heart that he would pay back what Jiuzhang Peak had done to them on behalf of Zuo Yun.
"Don't underestimate the enemy. That illusory matrix is very powerful …" It wasn't that Zuo Yun looked down on Luo Zheng, but to break the illusory matrix, one had to rely on a strong soul force. However, it was very difficult to train one's soul. Even at the realm of Zuo Yun, the soul force was still very weak, not to mention that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage. Luo Zheng's specialty was his innate divine strength, but it was impossible to rely on his innate divine strength to break the illusory matrix, so Zuo Yun was very worried.
However, he didn't know that Luo Zheng's soul had already been as hard as a rock after being tempered by the giant furnace. Moreover, since he started practicing the "Frightening Divine Thorn" and comprehended the "Selfless Realm", the plasticity of his soul had far exceeded that of his peers. Even among the Xiantian Full Circle warriors, it was impossible to find a warrior whose soul was as powerful as his.
Zuo Yun had good intentions, so Luo Zheng nodded, indicating that if he were to fight against Hei Ming, he would definitely be careful.
While they were talking, another 18 warriors stepped onto the stage at the same time to fight. This time, there was no Xiao Yufeng's disciple.
However, when a person stepped onto the stage, the whole audience suddenly boiled over.
That person was wearing a white robe, but it wasn't the standard white robe of an outer disciple, but silk brocade. That young master had an incomparably noble aura, and he carried a three feet long Qingfeng Sword on his back.
"It's Hua Tianming of Tianyi Peak! I didn't expect that he would be assigned to fight in the third round. It's too early. "
"It can't be helped. No matter how strong Hua Tianming is, he is not a pro-disciple, so he still needs to fight his way up from the group stage."
"If there's something to watch, then just watch. Being able to watch such a battle between masters will also give you a strong understanding of your own martial arts practice!"
Everyone was discussing Hua Tianming animatedly.
"Hua Tianming …" Luo Zheng shook his head. He was indeed ignorant and inexperienced. It seemed that this person was extremely famous in the Blue Cloud Sect, but he didn't know him.
Speaking of the masters of Tianyi Peak, Luo Zheng only knew one person, Zhu Tianlai. The strength of the disciples of Tianyi Peak was indeed not to be underestimated. Zhu Tianlai wasn't considered a top disciple of Tianyi Peak, but he had the strength to contend against a Demon General. This Hua Tianming in front of him revealed a monarch's might with every movement, causing Luo Zheng to be secretly on guard.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was expressionless, Mentor Wen explained to Luo Zheng, "Hua Tianming is a disciple born from the grassroots. In terms of talent, he can be called a genius that appears only once every five hundred years. He reached the Xiantian Full Circle at the age of eighteen and comprehended sword intent. He once had a record of defeating a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist … If you encounter him, it's best to choose to admit defeat."
Because Zuo Yun had been beaten to the brink of death, Mentor Wen had already lost confidence in the battle. Although he still had a glimmer of hope on Luo Zheng, in his opinion, this hope was very slim.
Hua Tianming was a swordsman. If he fought with Hua Tianming, if he wasn't careful, it wouldn't be as simple as just being injured. There was a great possibility that he would lose his life!
"I understand, Mentor Wen," Luo Zheng said, but there was still a smile on his face. Although Mentor Wen's advice was for his own good, Mentor Wen didn't understand his thoughts at all.
The All-Peak Competition was indeed full of masters. Even for Luo Zheng, he wasn't sure that he could win against some of them. Since he had chosen to participate in the All-Peak Competition, he must rush to the front. If he didn't fight until the last moment, he would never stop.
Therefore, after seeing Hua Tianming's strength, his heart was constantly trembling. Trembling wasn't out of fear! It was because he couldn't suppress his excitement!
Amidst the cheers, Hua Tianming stood in the center of the arena.
Hua Tianming's opponent was also at the Xiantian Full Circle. It was Zhuge Xiu from Tiannu Peak.
Compared to Zhuge Feng, Zhuge Xiu's character was calmer. Although he was strong, he wasn't as famous as Zhuge Feng.
However, after meeting Hua Tianming, Zhuge Xiu was very cautious. He pulled out the sword in his hand and said coldly, "Hua Tianming, draw your sword!"
Hua Tianming shook his head and smiled faintly, but he didn't intend to draw his sword. "I don't need to draw my sword to deal with you."
Hua Tianming wanted to fight with his bare hands!
Zhuge Xiu gritted his teeth. As a member of the Family Zhuge Clan, his strength was considered outstanding even in Tiannu Peak. However, he didn't expect Hua Tianming to be so arrogant and refuse to draw his sword.
"You don't want to draw your sword, right? Then I'll force you to draw it! "After saying that, Zhuge Xiu rushed toward Hua Tianming with his long sword in hand.
"Triple Annihilation Sword!"
Zhuge Xiu's swordsmanship was very powerful, and he knew how terrifying Hua Tianming was. He used his strongest trump card, the Triple Annihilation Sword. There were only three moves, but each move was more powerful than the last.
Facing Zhuge Xiu's killing move, Hua Tianming suddenly moved strangely. His body movement was very strange. He didn't move at all, but he moved strangely toward Zhuge Xiu. The moment he got close to Zhuge Xiu, Hua Tianming suddenly extended two fingers.
It was these two fingers that pressed on the hilt of Zhuge Xiu's sword.
"Bang, clang …"
Hua Tianming was so fast that Zhuge Xiu didn't even have time to react. Those two fingers only lightly tapped the hilt of Zhuge Xiu's sword, and Zhuge Xiu's sword fell to the ground.
Then, Hua Tianming's fingers instantly pointed at Zhuge Xiu's forehead.
Zhuge Xiu stood still and didn't dare to move. Hua Tianming could knock down his sword with just the strength of his fingers. Zhuge Xiu didn't doubt that those two fingers could explode his head.
"I, I admit defeat …"
The difference in strength was too great. There was no suspense in this kind of battle. Zhuge Xiu admitted defeat quickly enough.
Hua Tianming didn't even look at Zhuge Xiu. He immediately turned and left.
Even the referee was stunned by this scene. It wasn't until Hua Tianming walked out of the arena that he remembered that he had to announce the result of the battle. "Hua Tianming wins, Zhuge Xiu loses!"
"Wow …"
Whether Hua Tianming was the most outstanding disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect was still uncertain, but there was no doubt that he was the most popular disciple.
A big reason was that Hua Tianming was a disciple born in the grass roots. He had walked all the way from grass roots to where he was now. He even had the experience of defeating a Divine Realm master. This in itself made him a legend.
The battles in the arena went on one round after another.
Three-quarters of the disciples were eliminated in the group stage. Every disciple had to go through two or even three rounds of battles. This process was very long.
Three more disciples from Xiao Yufeng's sect went to the arena one after another. However, this year, Xiao Yufeng's performance was indeed not good. Except for Luo Zheng, who won in the second round, the other three disciples all lost.
In the eighth round, it was finally Luo Zheng's turn.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus Tian You of Thick Sea Peak!"
When the referee's words came, Mentor Wang of Thick Sea Peak suddenly smiled, but Mentor Wen's expression changed.
Mentor Wang favored the disciple named Tian You very much. Mentor Wen naturally saw that Tian You was a seeded player of Thick Sea Peak. His strength was absolutely not to be underestimated. Thick Sea Peak had been quiet all these years. They were indeed accumulating strength, waiting to explode in the All-Peak Competition.

Chapter 228
"Heh heh heh, Xiao Yufeng's disciples were eliminated so quickly. I thought that they wouldn't even have a chance to fight with us, but I didn't expect that it would be their turn so soon! Tianyou, it's your turn! "Mentor Wang sneered.
Tianyou walked out from behind mentor Wang and stretched lazily. He looked at Luo Zheng with an expressionless face and said to mentor Wang: "Three moves, I only need three moves. This kid will be defeated by me."
In Tianyou's opinion, Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian second stage and was not worth mentioning at all. Although Luo Zheng had previously erupted with terrifying innate divine strength, but what was the use of innate divine strength? No matter how great one's strength was, if it couldn't match the explosive power and speed of Zhen Yuan, then he would forever be a brute!
Hearing the words of mentor Wang and Tianyou, Mentor Wen's face became gloomy. He wanted to refute, but he didn't know where to start.
Previously, Mentor Wen had a trace of confidence in Luo Zheng and Zuo Yun, but Zuo Yun had been defeated in the first round and had been seriously injured to the point that he couldn't participate in the next round. This had seriously damaged his confidence, and at this moment, facing Tianyou's contemptuous words, he could only endure.
The world of warriors had always been like this, strength was respected, and the weak only had two paths to choose, one was to endure, and the other was to die. Not to mention, this was the Blue Cloud Sect, and if it was in the outside world, they often wouldn't even have the opportunity to "endure" … …
"Three moves?" Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows. Previously, Luo Zheng's mood had been very stable, and it could be said that he had entered a state of tranquility.
But this didn't mean that Luo Zheng would really endure. In this world, there were many powerhouses who could make Luo Zheng endure, for example, the Blue Cloud Sect's sovereign Shi Jingtian, who was sitting on the high platform, was one of them, but it was absolutely not Tianyou, who was in front of him. Even if Tianyou had some ability, but it was far from enough to make Luo Zheng pay attention to him!
"What? Three moves is enough to give you face, and if there is no accident, I only need two moves. "Tianyou said with a scornful smile.
"If you can't defeat me in three moves, will you admit defeat?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Tianyou coldly snorted and said, "I know you want to provoke me. After enduring three moves, you want to force me to admit defeat? Fine, I'll give you one chance. Three moves. If I can't take you down, I'll admit defeat! "
"Good! Tianyou, Tianyou are worthy of being the chief inner disciple of a domineering.. .................. Tianyou to Tianyou ''s strength....... was, Tianyou''s......... he '..... was...... ..................... to.
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. Then, he stopped talking and strode toward the fighting arena.
In this round, the disciples arrived one after another. Luo Zheng and Tianyou soon stood on opposite sides of each other.
"Open your eyes and watch carefully. I'll let you understand what it means to be defeated in three moves! Take out your weapon! "After Tianyou finished speaking, he took out a black and blue saber from Luo Zheng's hand. Tianyou was a swordsman. This black and blue saber was called "Fierce Beheader". It was a high-grade spiritual weapon. He had obtained it by chance when he went out to gain experience.
The black and blue saber was his trump card, and his biggest trump card was his understanding of the saber intent. He had been practicing saber skills for ten years and had finally comprehended a little bit of the saber intent not long ago! Although he still couldn't fully master it, but in time, he would comprehend the saber intent!
The saber was an extremely overbearing killing weapon, and the saber intent was even more fierce and overbearing. Although he had only comprehended a little bit of the saber intent, but it was enough to double his fighting strength. This was Tianyou's biggest trump card!
"Weapon? My fist is my weapon, "Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
There were still many matches in the Peak Competition. Even Luo Zheng didn't have much confidence in defeating some of the experts. Therefore, in the previous matches, Luo Zheng didn't want to reveal too many trump cards.
Once your trump cards were revealed and seen by others, they would naturally think of a way to deal with it. Therefore, the more trump cards a person had, the greater the chance of winning.
"Whether you have a weapon or not, I'll defeat you in three moves!" A big smile appeared on Tianyou's face. Suddenly, he shouted, "Wind Breaking Peak!"
Tianyou's black and blue saber suddenly turned into saber shadows. Those saber shadows were in a spiral shape. They split into two pairs, then four pairs, then eight pairs …
Luo Zheng stared at those saber shadows. His expression didn't change at all. These saber shadows faintly contained a trace of fierce and overbearing momentum, as if they could cut everything in the world.
Of course, it was just "as if". Tianyou seemed to have comprehended a trace of saber intent, while Luo Zheng's sword intent had been comprehended to the Basic Realm. Moreover, Tianyou had practiced saber for ten years, while Luo Zheng had only practiced sword for less than a month. In comparison, their comprehension abilities were simply worlds apart.
"This move is not much of a threat to me," Luo Zheng suddenly pushed away and activated the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his arm, increasing his speed by 30%.
There were still many matches to come. The energy in the Soaring Phoenix Crystal was not infinite. What's more, it didn't take much energy to dodge Tianyou's move. A 30% increase in speed was enough.
Luo Zheng was like an agile leopard, shuttling back and forth among those saber shadows. Those saber shadows couldn't touch Luo Zheng at all.
Tianyou's eyebrows jumped. To be honest, Luo Zheng's speed was beyond his expectations. But seeing Luo Zheng shuttling back and forth among his saber shadows, he suddenly sneered, "Shuttling back and forth among my saber shadows is simply courting death. Divine Wind Gathering!"
Tianyou operated his Zhen Yuan. Those saber shadows that were constantly splitting suddenly stopped splitting and floated around Luo Zheng.
After a moment of fission, those saber shadows had now split into 32 pairs, totaling 64 saber shadows.
"Divine Wind Gathering, Gather — Kill!" Tianyou clenched his fist. The 64 saber shadows suddenly reversed their direction and began to gather toward Luo Zheng.
If these 64 saber shadows gathered together, they would have to cut Luo Zheng's body. Tianyou was already imagining the 64 saber shadows cutting Luo Zheng into a cripple …
"Clang Clang Clang!"
However, the scene that Tianyou imagined didn't happen. Luo Zheng directly rushed to the front and smashed the dozen saber shadows in front of him with his fists!
"His fists are so hard?" Tianyou's face revealed an incredulous expression. What was the secret behind his fists? Tianyou sized up Luo Zheng's fists, but found that his hands were empty. There wasn't even any Zhen Yuan!
The vast majority of martial artists cultivated weapons, but there were also a very small number of martial artists who cultivated fist techniques.
Because cultivating fist techniques had an obvious disadvantage. No matter how hard a martial artist's body was, it couldn't be harder than those magical weapons.
Therefore, in the later stages of cultivation, one needed to use Zhen Yuan to cover their fists with a layer of Zhen Yuan. Only in this way could they resist Xuan Weapons and Spirit Weapons.
However, Tianyou clearly saw that Luo Zheng didn't condense any Zhen Yuan in his fists. In other words, he completely used his fists to forcibly block his saber shadows. For a moment, Tianyou wondered if he had seen wrongly.
What Tianyou didn't know was that Luo Zheng's fists weren't the only part that was hard. His entire body had been tempered several times by the Deviant Fire. After absorbing the energy of the Deviant Fire, he condensed two Spirit Tattoos. His body had become as hard as a mid-grade Spirit Weapon, or even more so!
Luo Zheng could only madly run for his life when faced with the saber Qi released by an expert like Mo Xiuyan, who had entered the Divine Reflection Realm for many years. However, when faced with Tianyou's saber shadows, he could completely stand in place and let those saber shadows cut him without harming him in the slightest.
However, Luo Zheng's actions were too frightening. Therefore, Luo Zheng cut off this idea and chose to use his fists to shatter Tianyou's saber shadows.
"Two moves. You still have a chance to make one move," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Although Luo Zheng had only revealed the hard power of Luo Zheng's fists, there were still many people present who remembered Luo Zheng's characteristics.
Just now, Luo Zheng's innate divine strength wasn't particularly exaggerated, so they didn't know what to record. However, being able to shatter saber shadows with his fists was enough to attract their attention. Most of the people who recorded Luo Zheng's characteristics were mentors from various peaks. If their disciples encountered Luo Zheng in the competition below, they would tell their disciples to pay attention to Luo Zheng's fists. Those fists were indestructible!
"Not bad! Luo Zheng! "Mentor Wen, who was watching from the side, suddenly cheered. At this moment, Mentor Wen felt incomparably relieved.
Ever since he had led Xiao Yufeng's disciples here, he had been suppressing his anger. Now, he could finally hold his head high. At the same time, he didn't forget to remind Luo Zheng, "There's still the third move! Luo Zheng, be careful! "
"Come on, Luo Zheng! Kill that guy called Tianyou! "
"He's already scared. If he can't take you down with the last move, he'll lose!"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples also took the opportunity to jeer.
At this time, the face of Mentor Wang from Hou Hai Peak was completely gloomy. He couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had trained his fists. However, after understanding the power of those fists, he already knew that Tianyou was going to have a hard time in this battle.
Tianyou narrowed his eyes. He had indeed underestimated Luo Zheng before, but he wasn't anxious or impetuous. As a saber user, he could easily cut off the negative emotions in his heart.
After preparing for three breaths of time, Tianyou slowly raised the black saber and slowly spat out a few words.

Chapter 229
Crazy Demon Chop was the most powerful move of Tian You's saber arts.
The Vital Essence Cultivation Method he practiced leaned toward the wind attribute of the five elements, which emphasized speed, ruthlessness, and ferocity.
As the Crazy Demon Chop slashed toward Luo Zheng, a whirlpool appeared in front of his Dark Blue Saber, forming a constantly rotating Saber Qi. Within the Saber Qi, there was a faint trace of saber intent hidden within.
Saber intent, sword intent, spear intent …
It was quite difficult to comprehend these concepts.
It was already very impressive that Tian You could comprehend a trace of saber intent. No matter what move it was, as long as a trace of saber intent was added, its power would increase exponentially.
The saber intent that Tian You had comprehended couldn't cover the entire saber. He could only attach a trace of saber intent to the rotating Saber Qi in front of the saber before slashing toward Luo Zheng.
Even if it was only a trace of saber intent, Tian You felt it was enough to get rid of Luo Zheng!
"Let's see how you block it!"
With a sneer on his face, Tian You ruthlessly slashed out with the Crazy Demon Chop.
Saber intent …
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and felt the trace of saber intent attached to the Dark Blue Saber.
For Luo Zheng, such a trace of saber intent was really too little.
Luo Zheng hadn't comprehended sword intent for long, but he could already use it as he pleased. Moreover, his sword intent could cover a distance of one zhang around him. As long as something entered the area covered by his sword intent, he could cut it into pieces with just a thought.
The saber intent that Tian You relied on the most was not worth mentioning in Luo Zheng's eyes.
The moment the Crazy Demon Chop slashed toward Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. A trace of sword intent suddenly appeared and instantly eliminated the saber intent contained in the chop.
The most important part of the Crazy Demon Chop's power was the trace of saber intent. Only this trace of saber intent could cause harm to Luo Zheng. After the saber intent was erased, it basically posed no threat to Luo Zheng.
"Huh?"
At this moment, Tian You was completely dumbfounded.
The saber intent that he had comprehended with great difficulty had actually disappeared in an instant!
This was impossible!
The Saber Will was not a physical object. It was Tianyou's ultimate understanding of the Saber Way. Although it was only a sliver of understanding, this understanding was so profound that it could not be erased.
Unless the opponent had an even more powerful will, such as sword intent, spear intent, or any other kind of martial intent!
"Could it be that Luo Zheng has comprehended some kind of concept?" Tianyou was bewildered.
This was also because Tian You's cultivation was not high enough. He was not as sensitive as Luo Zheng when it came to perceiving the sword intent. Luo Zheng had only used a wisp of sword intent to destroy his saber intent. Moreover, he had withdrawn the sword intent the moment it was destroyed. Therefore, Tian You could not perceive it at all.
While all kinds of suspicions arose in Tianyou's heart, his' Insane Devil Chop 'also started to become erratic.
A martial artist should have a heart that was as firm as a boulder. They had to carry out their own firm will at all times. Once their will became unstable, the power of their hands would be greatly weakened.
What's more, Luo Zheng could have dealt with this attack without the help of the saber intent.
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng punched the back of Tian You's black saber. A huge force was poured into the black saber, and Tian You suddenly lost his grip on it. Both of his hands clenched the saber as he retreated several steps. Only then did he manage to place the black saber on the ground, gasping for breath.
With Luo Zheng's strength, he could have easily defeated Tian You in a single move. But at this moment, he did not intend to do so. Instead, he looked at Tian You with a smile and said, "You've lost."
"I've lost? What a joke! It's just that the 'Insane Devil Chop' didn't work. I think you haven't woken up yet. I'll let you see my true strength … "Tian You sneered as he lifted the black saber. He waved it in his hands as if he was about to launch an even fiercer martial skill. Perhaps his comprehension of saber intent was not pure enough, so he had failed. But Tian You did not think that it was Luo Zheng who had erased his saber intent.
"Oh? I didn't think someone would be so forgetful. "Luo Zheng suddenly patted his head and laughed.
"Forgetful?" Tian You asked.
"I don't know who made the agreement of three moves. Didn't you say that you only need three moves to defeat me? If you can't defeat me in three moves, you should admit defeat! "Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Tian You's face suddenly froze.
Previously, Tian You had indeed boasted that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves. According to Tian You's estimation, Luo Zheng would absolutely not be able to withstand his' Insane Devil Chop '. Therefore, it was not an exaggeration to say that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves.
But who would have thought that when he used the third move of the 'Insane Devil Chop', his saber intent would suddenly disappear. Thus, according to the agreement of three moves, he had indeed lost.
But after all, this was the Whole Peak Competition. If he had fought in the arena on ordinary days, he would have lost. In the Whole Peak Competition, there were as many experts as there were clouds. As long as he lost a match, his chances of qualifying would be slim. Therefore, it was impossible for Tian You to admit defeat.
However, Tian You had previously boasted that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves. Now that he had not finished his words, it was inevitable that he would have a reputation of going back on his words.
"Tian You, the agreement of three moves. You have already made three moves. You have already lost. Quickly admit defeat!"
"You are so shameless. What you have said is like spilled water. Quickly admit defeat to the referee and get out of the arena!"
Before, Hou Haifeng had been mocking Xiao Yufeng. Now, Xiao Yufeng's disciples could not help but seize this opportunity to make noise.
Tutor Wen also said to Tutor Wang of Hou Haifeng, "Tutor Wang, this agreement of three moves was made by your disciple. I don't know if your Hou Haifeng will abide by it." Tutor Wen had been sweating profusely for Luo Zheng just now, but Luo Zheng had given him such a big surprise. He had actually withstood Tian You's three moves very easily.
Tutor Wang's face was very ugly at this time. He had absolute confidence in Tian You's strength. According to Tutor Wang's evaluation of Tian You's strength, in the group stage, Tian You had no opponents at all. The real resistance should be in the next round. Only when he encountered the top players of the 33 peaks could he taste defeat.
However, in this round of the group stage, there were also masters of the top 10 peaks of the 33 peaks. If Tian You was unlucky and was assigned to those masters as opponents, it was very likely that Tian You would not be able to advance. Therefore, he could not make Tian You obediently admit defeat.
Therefore, Tutor Wang was now in a difficult position.
Compared to the previous agreement of three moves, Tutor Wang still felt that the Peak Competition was more important. After thinking for a while, Tutor Wang finally decided to throw away his old face and shouted to the arena, "Tian You, put aside the agreement of three moves for the time being. You have to deal with every battle of the Peak Competition well!"
These words were so shameless that Xiao Yufeng's disciples heard them and immediately made noise again.
"How shameless! You don't keep your promise. How can you say it so righteously? I've seen it for myself …"
"Hehe, no wonder there's a word 'thick' in Thick Sea Peak. So that's why. I think it's better to change the name to Thick-Skinned Peak from now on!"
"What's the use of Thick-Skinned Peak? They're all shameless … "
Several disciples of Xiao Yufeng mocked indignantly.
The disciples of Thick Sea Peak were all hot-blooded youths. When they heard Xiao Yufeng's disciples ridiculing their Thick Sea Peak, they could not help but curse at Xiao Yufeng's disciples. The battle on the arena was not over, but a war of words had already set off outside the arena.
When the disciples of the other peaks heard the quarrel here, they also looked over with strange eyes. It was really a new thing that there were people quarreling in the Peak Competition.
"Silence!"
At this time, a Perfected Person floated over and looked down with cold eyes. Xiao Yufeng and the disciples of Thick Sea Peak immediately fell silent.
In the arena, Tianyou smiled faintly and said, "Mentor is right. The Peak Competition is very important to me. How can I admit defeat because of such a small matter? Luo Zheng, take this! " After Tianyou found a way out from Mentor Wang, he rushed toward Luo Zheng again with the Dark Blue Saber in his hand.
"Small matter? The ancients say that a promise is worth a thousand gold. Keeping a promise is a small matter for you! Then what's a big matter for you? Going back on your word? Going back on your word? "Luo Zheng mocked while dodging Tianyou's attack.
"Shut up!" No matter how thick-skinned Tianyou was, he could not stand being mocked like this. He could only stare coldly at Luo Zheng.
"The fourth move, the fifth move, the sixth move …" Luo Zheng dodged Tianyou's saber while counting Tianyou's moves.
Tianyou did not expect Luo Zheng to be so fast. At this moment, he was doing his best, but Luo Zheng's flexibility was far beyond his imagination. What made him even more mad was that Luo Zheng was counting every move he made.
"The eightieth move …"
"The hundredth move. Even if I give you a hundred moves, you can't even touch a hair of mine. Tianyou, you are really a waste!" Luo Zheng laughed loudly.
"Go to hell!" Tianyou's anger had been completely ignited. He aimed at Luo Zheng and launched another Crazy Demon Chop.
"I let you make a hundred moves, but I didn't make a single move. You said that you only need three moves to deal with me, but I tell you, I only need one move to deal with you!" After Luo Zheng finished speaking, his smiling face suddenly changed. His whole body suddenly leaned to the side. Before Tianyou could launch his Crazy Demon Chop, his fist had already smashed into Tianyou's chest.
Luo Zheng's move was a classic example of using speed to fight slow. Just like Hua Tianming's move, this punch did not reveal any of Luo Zheng's cards. It only made everyone re-evaluate Luo Zheng's explosive power and speed.
"Bang!"
This punch smashed into Tianyou's body, instantly sending him flying. He fiercely hit the barrier light curtain above the arena.
The arena was divided into nine small arenas by the barrier. Each arena was separated by a barrier light curtain to ensure that the nine arenas would not affect each other.
Fortunately, the barrier light curtain was only a protective barrier. The light curtain was very soft. If this light curtain was like Yun Luo's barrier, Tianyou's bones would have been shattered.
Even so, Tianyou suffered Luo Zheng's Bursting Fist. How could he feel good?
Several of his ribs were broken. He leaned weakly against the light curtain, unable to say a word. His eyes were filled with astonishment …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 230
He had tried his best, but he couldn't even touch Luo Zheng. Moreover, from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had only used his speed and body to fight, and he hadn't even used his Zhen Yuan!
Was this guy really at Xiantian second stage? Was he a freak?!
Seeing Luo Zheng walking towards him with a sneer on his face, Tian You looked at Luo Zheng's cold smile as if he was looking at a dead man, Tian You shuddered and quickly shouted towards the referee: "I, admit defeat! I, Tian You, admit defeat! "
The referee expressionlessly announced the result of the fight: "Luo Zheng wins, Tian You loses!"
After the referee finished speaking, the barrier's light curtain was removed. Tianyou clutched his chest and rushed out of the arena, as if a demon was chasing after him.
"Luo Zheng, too cool!"
"To deal with this kind of guy who doesn't keep his promise, you have to teach him a lesson!"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples were very excited, while Hou Haifeng's disciples were all dejected at this moment.
Hou Haifeng had lost both the battle and the battle formation. If Tian You could defeat Luo Zheng, then they could still fight back. In any case, in the world of warriors, a hero was determined by success or failure. A win was a win, so what if Tian You didn't keep his promise? What else could Xiao Yufeng do besides shouting like a resentful wife? Many Hou Haifeng's disciples were ready to use these sharp words to fight back.
But … …
The result was completely beyond the expectations of Hou Haifeng's disciples. Tian You actually lost!
This was completely beyond the imagination of Hou Haifeng's disciples. They couldn't understand why Tian You had vowed that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves, but the result was that he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng even after using hundreds of moves, and then he was defeated by Luo Zheng in one move … …
The difference was too great, and the disciples of Thick Sea Peak couldn't react for a while. As for being mocked by Xiao Yufeng's disciples, they couldn't say a word. They had lost, and they had lost. They racked their brains but couldn't find any words to fight back.
Although Luo Zheng didn't use his full strength in this match, it still attracted a lot of attention. The mentors kept revising their evaluation of Luo Zheng.
For example, Tianyi Peak was known as a once-in-500-year genius, Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming had always been very confident in his own speed. This was because he had inadvertently obtained a secret manual for cultivating a movement technique. It was called the Phantom God Step. Although the Phantom God Step was called a movement technique, it was actually a special footwork. However, this footwork contained a special concept that could increase his speed to the extreme.
With the Phantom God Step, Hua Tianming had once defeated a Divine Reflection expert with a sly sword.
However, Hua Tianming saw something strange about Luo Zheng's sudden burst of speed. Hua Tianming didn't take Luo Zheng's speed seriously. After all, there was still a big gap between his own Phantom God Step and Luo Zheng's speed. However, he noticed that Luo Zheng didn't use any movement technique when he moved. It seemed that he relied entirely on his own explosive power to move.
Hua Tianming was surprised that he could have such a flexible speed without cultivating a movement technique.
If Luo Zheng cultivated a movement technique that increased speed, wouldn't his speed reach a higher level? This guy was really a freak. This was Hua Tianming's evaluation of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know about Hua Tianming's evaluation of him. He returned to Xiao Yufeng and found a corner to sit down as if nothing had happened. He quietly waited for the competition below.
Mentor Wen and the other disciples of Xiao Yufeng naturally wouldn't disturb him. Luo Zheng had won two out of two matches. If nothing unexpected happened, he would probably be the only hope for Xiao Yufeng.
Round after round of battles took place in the arena.
In this year's Peak Competition, many amazing disciples emerged from the Blue Cloud Sect.
Whether it was the lower ranked peaks, such as Vulture Peak and Furious Waves Peak, or the higher ranked Tianyi Peak and Black Rock Peak, some extremely powerful disciples emerged. Just the competition in the group competition was extremely fierce.
However, the disciples of Xiao Yufeng didn't perform well. Except for Luo Zheng who maintained two consecutive victories and another disciple who had two losses and one victory, the other disciples were basically all defeated.
Soon, it was Luo Zheng's turn to fight in the third match.
"Luo Zheng of Xiao Yufeng versus Hei Ming of Black Rock Peak!"
Mentor Wen's face sank when he heard the two words "Hei Ming". Xiao Yufeng's disciples also showed anger on their faces.
As an Illusion Matrix Master, Hei Ming was extremely powerful and had many tricks up his sleeve. The key point was that he was also very cruel. Zuo Yun was originally the other seeded player of Xiao Yufeng besides Luo Zheng, but he was seriously tortured by Hei Ming as soon as he arrived in the arena!
In the group competition of the Peak Competition, it didn't matter if you lost one match. As long as you won the following matches, you still had a chance to enter the next round. However, after Zuo Yun was injured, even if he was cured with magic pills, it was naturally impossible for him to fight again in a short period of time!
How could the people of Little Rain Peak not hate him?
"Luo Zheng, pay attention to Hei Ming's Illusion Matrix. That guy's Illusion Matrix is very strange." Before Luo Zheng entered the arena, Zuo Yun reminded him from the side. He had experienced Hei Ming's Illusion Matrix, and even now, he still had a lingering fear.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Understood, I will pay attention."
Mentor Wen warned, "If you can't beat him, just admit defeat. There is no need to fight with him. This guy is too cruel!"
Luo Zheng had won two matches in a row, and it was basically certain that he would qualify for the group competition. Therefore, Mentor Wen warned him to be on the safe side.
Hearing Mentor Wen's words, Luo Zheng just nodded, but he didn't agree. Most of the time, when warriors fought, what they lost was a breath. Since he came to participate in the Peak Competition, he participated with the belief that he would win!
Then, Luo Zhengcai walked up to the arena.
"Eh? Why is it Xiao Yufeng's disciple again? I'm quite fated to meet Xiao Yufeng today. "When Hei Ming saw Luo Zheng, a slightly naive smile appeared on his face. However, under that naive smile, there was a cruel nature that couldn't be concealed.
"It's quite fated," Luo Zheng responded faintly. Although Luo Zheng didn't show too much expression when Zuo Yun was tortured by Hei Ming, he suppressed a strong impulse in his heart at that time, and that was the impulse to rush up and beat this guy up! After all, this was the Peak Competition. There were many Perfected Persons, Elders, and even the Sect Master on the field. No matter how confident Luo Zheng was in his explosive power, it was impossible for him to rush up in front of so many people.
Hei Ming licked his lips and said, "That guy named Zuo Yun is the most powerful Xiao Yufeng, right? Did you see his end? If you're afraid, you can admit defeat in advance! "After saying that, Hei Ming pointed to the referee next to him, with a very pure smile on his face.
It had to be said that Hei Ming was a very sunny boy. His dark skin made him look healthy and full of vitality, but his methods were very different from his image.
"Admit defeat?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows jumped up high. He slowly walked towards Hei Ming, and his fingers squeezed so hard that the sound of bones cracking could be heard. "I'd like to see what qualifications you have to make me admit defeat!"
The hardness of Luo Zheng's body was comparable to that of a middle-grade spiritual weapon, and the periosteum in his knuckles was also incomparably tough. As he squeezed, the sound of bones cracking could be heard from his knuckles.
"Pa! Pa! Pa … "
The sound of bones cracking was like a clap of thunder, resounding throughout the arena.
The other eight pairs of disciples had already started fighting. The sound of all kinds of weapons colliding and shouting was also covered by the sound of bones cracking by Luo Zheng.
Many disciples cast a surprised look over. How could they imagine that fingers could make such a loud sound of bones cracking?
"Insignificant skill! In the path of body refining, reaching the Marrow Refining Realm is the limit. No matter how strong your body is, how strong can it be? Humph! " Hei Ming restrained the smile on his face, and a Formation Flag appeared in his hand. Then, he threw it to the ground and quickly retreated.
Strictly speaking, Hei Ming's fighting strength was not considered powerful among the Complete Primordial Realm experts. If he were to fight with Luo Zheng, he would definitely lose.
However, Hei Ming still looked down on body refining. After all, the biggest reliance of the warriors in the Eastern Region was the True Essence.
After cultivating to a high level, one could strengthen their body to the extreme just by activating their True Essence. One move could destroy a river. The reason why the martial artists of the Eastern Region practiced Body Tempering was to lay a foundation for stepping into the Innate Mystic Realm.
Once they entered the Primordial Realm and gained the power to control the True Essence, who would spend time on body refining?
This was also the reason why Hei Ming disdained body refining. In fact, he was not the only one. In fact, most of the warriors in the Eastern Region thought so.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Formation Flag on the ground, and the corners of his mouth twitched slightly. Then, he stomped his feet and suddenly rushed toward Hei Ming. With Zuo Yun as an example, Luo Zheng would not let Hei Ming easily arrange an illusion array!
"Forward Punch!"
In the group competition, Luo Zheng did not intend to use the Heavenly Demon God Fist, so he only used the most common fist technique.
However, even the most common Forward Punch, coupled with Luo Zheng's terrifying strength and speed, was very threatening!
Hei Ming saw Luo Zheng rushing toward him like a gust of wind, and a touch of fear appeared on his face. An illusion array master was not afraid of how strong the opponent was. No matter how strong the opponent was, as long as the illusion array was controlled properly, there would always be a way to defeat the opponent.
An illusion array master was most afraid of not having a chance to arrange an illusion array. This was equivalent to a swordsman not having a sword in his hand, or a saber man not having a saber in his hand. There was nothing he could do!
After realizing Luo Zheng's speed, Hei Ming's True Essence surged in his hand. He stretched out his finger and gently pointed at the Formation Flag on the ground. "Rise!"
The light on the Formation Flag surged and rose against the wind. With a whoosh, it turned into a huge flag in front of Hei Ming.
Luo Zheng did not put the Formation Flag in his eyes at all. He bypassed it and rushed toward Hei Ming. However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the moment he passed the Formation Flag, the flag fluttered in front of his eyes and he began to circle around it.
"Eh? This Formation Flag is strange! "
Luo Zheng was obviously rushing forward, but as the flag fluttered, it led him to circle around it. It was very strange.
"Is this also a kind of illusion array? I'll break your Formation Flag. Let's see what you can do! "Luo Zheng stopped and punched the pole of the Formation Flag.
"Boom!"
Under the impact of Luo Zheng's great force, a green brilliance appeared on the pole of the Formation Flag. It turned out that there was a boundary attached to the Formation Flag, and this boundary protected the pole of the Formation Flag.
"Hehe, my Formation Flag is an Upper Grade Spiritual Weapon called the Stars Shifting Flag. How can it be destroyed by you?" Hei Ming said complacently. Now, he had enough time to set up a large-scale illusion array to deal with Luo Zheng. Thus, Hei Ming's lazy expression returned to his face. He leisurely took out the array flags and prepared to set up the illusion array.
"Can't I destroy it?" Luo Zheng sneered and then punched the Stars Shifting Flag.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng attacked with his left hand. The power of the fist contained a trace of the energy of the Blood Jade Spar.
This level of boundary was nothing to Luo Zheng. It was a world of difference compared to Yun Luo's boundary! Therefore, only a trace of the energy of the Blood Jade Spar was enough.
Soon, blood-red cracks appeared on the array flag, and the boundary collapsed in an instant.
"What!"

Chapter 231
Despite Hei Ming's carefree attitude, from the moment Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, he didn't put Luo Zheng in his eyes at all. His words were full of belittling.
In fact, Hei Ming had already noticed every expert on the stage!
Whether it was Hua Tianming of Lone Sky Peak, Zhu Xunyi of Jade Maiden Peak, or Xia Tianheng of Hei Ming Peak, he had his own set of evaluation methods.
Hei Ming understood that Luo Zheng's strength was formidable, his speed was extremely fast, and his defensive power was also extremely abnormal.
Therefore, when facing Luo Zheng, although he was indifferent, he was already eighty percent vigilant. Moreover, he immediately deployed the Stars Shifting Banner!
This Stars Shifting Banner could be rated as a high-grade spirit tool, not because of its offensive power, but because of the "Revolving Illusory Array" and the runic enchantment engraved on the array flag.
As the name implied, if one stepped into the range of the Stars Shifting Banner, regardless of whether it was a human or an animal, they would all circle around the flag. Unless one could break the enchantment of the flag and completely destroy the Stars Shifting Banner, it would be possible to leave this "Revolving Illusory Array".
However, how could it be so easy to break the Stars Shifting Banner?
As a high-grade spirit tool, the runic enchantment engraved on it was something that even a martial artist who had just entered the Divine Realm would have to spend a lot of effort to break.
How could … Luo Zheng break the enchantment with a single punch? This was impossible! The enchantment could indeed be broken with brute force, but it wasn't something that could be done with ordinary brute force. How strong was Luo Zheng's strength?!
Hei Ming's face was full of disbelief.
However, he didn't know that the blood jade crystal on Luo Zheng's left arm was specialized in breaking enchantments. Even with Yun Luo's strength at the late stage of the Divine Realm, the enchantment she condensed was restrained by the energy of the blood jade crystal, let alone the runic enchantment on the Stars Shifting Banner.
The runic barrier was a barrier created by inscribing runes. Every time it was activated, it would consume a certain amount of crystal energy. Even if a powerful barrier master created a runic barrier, its effect would be greatly reduced. With the power of the blood jade crystal, it would be a piece of cake to smash the barrier.
Luo Zheng punched the energy of the Blood Jade Crystal into the barrier, forming a blood-red pattern that covered the barrier like a spider web. Then, with another punch, he directly shattered the barrier.
"Clang …"
The sound of glass shattering could be heard. Then, Luo Zheng punched the flagpole again, breaking it in half.
After all, this Stellar Transposition Flag was a high-grade spirit tool. Even its flagpole was made of rare wood. Its body was incomparably tough, and couldn't be damaged by swords or sabers. But, it couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's tremendous strength. Therefore, it was smashed into two pieces by Luo Zheng's fist.
"I have to use the Stellar Transposition Flag …" Seeing this scene, Hei Ming felt so distressed that his heart was trembling.
When he saw Luo Zheng crossing the broken Stellar Transposition Flag and walking towards him, Hei Ming immediately reacted. He didn't have much time left.
"You dared to destroy my spirit tool. I will destroy you!" Hei Ming's heart was filled with hatred. How could he not hate losing a high-grade spirit tool? Although as an illusionary array master, he would be invited to set up some illusionary arrays in the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, whether it was points or square crystals, he earned far more than the average disciple. However, a high-grade spirit weapon was not a cabbage. How could he not feel the pain?
Hei Ming stretched out his hand, and a bunch of Array Flags appeared in his hand. He muttered, "Lin, Bing, Dou, Zhe, Jie, Lie, In, Front! Heavenly Fire Killing Array, go! "
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Each of the nine array flags was engraved with a character that corresponded to the array text he had just recited. The array flags suddenly flew to Luo Zheng's front, back, left, and right, and were set up almost instantly.
This was an Illusion Killing Array!
An ordinary Illusion Killing Array would only create illusions. However, it wouldn't cause any harm to the opponent. At most, it would affect the opponent's mind, confuse them, and trap them.
However, an Illusion Killing Array was different. It could kill people through illusions!
Moreover, the person who set up the Illusion Killing Array could hide in it and deal a fatal blow to the opponent.
"Heavenly Fire Killing Array!"
A Perfected Master of the Blue Cloud Sect revealed an astonished expression. This Perfected Master was also an Illusion Array Master. His Illusion Killing Array was ranked second in the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, this Perfected Master clearly didn't expect that there would be a Blue Cloud Sect disciple who could set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array.
"I didn't expect an inner disciple of the Black Rock Peak to be able to set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array. Old Yu, your Black Rock Peak came prepared this time!" That Perfected Master said to Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak with a smile.
Being praised by the Perfected Master, Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak naturally felt proud. He smiled and said, "Xiang Yang Perfected Master is too kind. Hei Ming can indeed set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array. However, its power is incomparable to the one set up by Xiang Yang Perfected Master."
Xiang Yang Perfected Master shook his head and said, "If he can set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array at the peak of the Xiantian Realm, he might become the number one formation master of the Blue Cloud Sect in the future. There's no need to be modest about his attainments in formation."
In the past, Xiang Yang Perfected Master had only been able to set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array after breaking through to the Divine Reflection Realm. From this point, it could be seen that Hei Ming's comprehension was much higher than Xiang Yang Perfected Master's.
This proved the astonishing power of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array!
"Haha, the Heavenly Fire Killing Array contains the power of the Heavenly Fire. I was planning to use this move against the Divine Reflection Realm disciples, but I couldn't help it. Luo Zheng, you destroyed my Stars Shifting Banner. Very well, you'll regret it soon." Hei Ming grinned maliciously. He took out the illusion formation disk in his hand and fiercely slapped it with his five fingers. Streams of Zhen Yuan flowed through the disk and connected to the flags.
Standing in the center of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the world spin. A black film of light immediately enveloped Luo Zheng.
This killing array isolated the space, so the people outside the arena couldn't see the situation of the opponents.
The so-called illusion formation was, in fact, an illusion created by the formation flags. Luo Zheng had seen this kind of illusion many times.
The Blood Red Mountain of the Blue Cloud Sect and various cultivation secret realms all had this kind of illusion formation. However, none of these illusions could compare to the one in the Immortal Mansion.
After the illusion of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array enveloped Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng instantly teleported and arrived in another space.
It was extremely hot in this space. The ground was cracked and wrinkled like human skin. There were pits of fire around Luo Zheng, and raging flames were burning in the pits.
Not far away, there was a person floating in the air with a malevolent grin. It was Hei Ming.
"Luo Zheng, what I like to see the most is the painful expression on a person's face. The most painful injury in this world is to burn your skin and flesh with fire. That kind of painful and twisted expression excites me the most! Next, let me burn you inch by inch! " The illusion formation disk in Hei Ming's hand flashed with a burst of light. Then, the fire pits around Luo Zheng suddenly increased in intensity.
"These are all illusions. Is Hei Ming also an illusion?" Luo Zheng was on guard, but he stood motionless. He didn't understand the mystery of this illusion formation, so he didn't change to deal with it.
"Boom!"
All of a sudden, raging flames burst out from the mouths of the heated kang beds, shooting straight into the sky. Following that, stone men crawled out from the pits one by one.
These stone men were pieces of red-hot stone, but each stone was burning with raging flames. Most of the flames gathered on the stone men's backs, like a flaming cloak that extended into the air.
As soon as more than a dozen stone men appeared, they surrounded Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng suddenly felt the surrounding air become hotter. The temperature of the flames hit Luo Zheng's face, making his skin feel scorching hot.
"The power of this illusion formation is very strong … I originally planned to rely on my physical strength to rush out of the group stage, but I didn't expect the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples to be so strong. They are much stronger than the warriors of the same level outside the Blue Cloud Sect!"
According to Luo Zheng's current strength, an ordinary Xiantian Full Circle warrior was no match for him. However, he encountered Hei Ming, who could give Luo Zheng a headache. This was the difference between the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and the other disciples of the Eastern Region!
"Dong dong dong dong …"
Dense footsteps entered Luo Zheng's ears. As the stone men got closer and closer, Luo Zheng finally moved.
Some powerful illusion formation masters could create illusionary formations that could suppress the enemy's strength. They could even change the gravity of the illusion, making it difficult for the opponent to move.
Fortunately, Hei Ming hadn't reached such a height yet. Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he immediately rushed towards a flaming stone man.
Luo Zheng thought that since these flaming stone men were made of stone, he could just smash them with his fists.
However, the moment Luo Zheng got close to a flaming stone man, he felt the burning temperature become stronger and stronger. The scalding feeling even made Luo Zheng's hair stand on end!
"Retreat!"
Realizing that the temperature wasn't something he could withstand, Luo Zheng could only retreat.
"Hahaha, Luo Zheng, I am God in the illusion formation. These flaming stone men were created by me, and they exist in my imagination. In my imagination, they were formed from meteorites in the sky, and their flames are meteorite fire. Ordinary flames can't be compared to them. I know your body is very strong. Let's see how you will resist!" Hei Ming sneered.
"You are God in the illusion formation?" A cold smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face: "What a shameless statement. It's true that you created this illusion formation, but with your strength, I'm afraid you can only create illusions of this level. I feel sad for your imagination!"
An illusion formation master could create illusionary formations, but the strength of the illusions couldn't be unlimited. The strength of the illusions depended on the strength of the illusion formation master.
"Hmph, I don't want to talk nonsense with you. Die for me!" Hei Ming pointed his finger, and the flaming stone men quickened their pace, surrounding Luo Zheng.
Facing the approaching flaming stone men, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and rushed towards one of them.
It was true that the meteorite fire on the flaming stone men was very powerful, but Luo Zheng's body wasn't to be trifled with. His middle-grade spirit tool body was enough to withstand very strong flames.
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and approached one of the flaming stone men. He punched the stone man's chest, and a huge force directly penetrated the stone man's chest. The biggest stone on the stone man's chest was dented. Instantly, the dent began to expand, and at the same time, cracks appeared.
"Rumble!"
Just like that, the stone golem shattered.
"Ah ah ah ~ ~ ~"
Hei Ming screamed. These stone men were infused with a part of his soul force. Luo Zheng's fist smashing one of the flaming stone men naturally caused Hei Ming great pain.
"Hmph, you're only so-so. Watch me blow up all your flaming stone men!"
The burning flames did cause some pain to Luo Zheng, but it was only temporary. His body could bear it.
"Rumble, rumble … …"
Luo Zheng's speed was incomparably fast, and in a flash, he blew up the other two stone men.
But when Luo Zheng rushed towards another flaming stone man, he suddenly heard Hei Ming shout: "Heavenly meteorite fire, in my name, burn everything, explode!"
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment, when the flaming stone man in front of him suddenly exploded. He was very close to this flaming stone man, and his whole body was engulfed by the violent raging flames.
"Hmph, to be able to destroy four of my stone men, your strength is not bad. Even those who have just entered the Illuminating God realm are unable to break this heavenly fire killing array. You, a little guy of Xiantian second stage, want to break it, it is simply a pipe dream!" Hei Ming floated in the air and sneered.
The ball of flame was burning fiercely, and from time to time, crackling sounds could be heard. After burning for a while, the flame slowly dissipated.
Illusionary killing array, although everything was just an illusion, but it could really kill people. The enemy trapped in the illusionary killing array was just like the real world, and would be injured, but this injury was not on the body, but on the soul!
If Luo Zheng was burned to death in the illusionary killing array, then his soul would be seriously injured, and there was a great possibility that he would turn into an idiot.
"Burn, burn, first I will burn you into an idiot, and then remove the illusionary killing array, and then I will entertain you!" Hei Ming's face had a trace of an excited smile. He could even imagine the feeling of being burned by the raging flames, and imagined Luo Zheng was like a loach thrown into boiling oil, constantly tumbling around.
When the raging flames slowly extinguished, a man's figure could be seen standing in the middle of it. His whole body was covered with golden light, as if he was a god, and he was exuding a frightening aura.

Chapter 232
"Fire, where's the fire?"
At this moment, Hei Ming was stuttering.
The flame on the Flaming Stone Golem was not an ordinary flame.
Even the Heavenly Fire Killing Array contained different levels of Heavenly Fire power. At the same time, it differed according to the level of the user.
However, Hei Ming was very confident in the flame. Once, when he went out for training, a meteorite fell from the sky and smashed a huge crater in the ground. The flame in the crater burned for three days and three nights. Hei Ming visualized for three days and three nights at the side.
Not every warrior had the opportunity to observe the Heavenly Meteorite Flame. For Hei Ming, this was a great opportunity and also a great reliance for him.
However, even Hei Ming could not use the Heavenly Meteorite Flame casually. Only after setting up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array could he transform his True Essence into such a powerful flame and release it through illusions.
The Flaming Stone Golem was Hei Ming's illusion, while the Heavenly Meteorite Flame was a real flame!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng was standing there safe and sound. The aura on his body was even stronger. Why was he not hurt by the Heavenly Meteorite Flame at all? Was he immune to the flame?
Impossible. Even the legendary Son of Flame could not be completely immune to the damage of the flame. It was only when one's understanding of the flame reached a certain level that they could greatly offset the damage of the Heavenly Meteorite Flame!
"I don't believe that the power of the flame is ineffective against you! Flaming Stone Golems, attack! "Hei Ming clenched his teeth and manipulated the Flaming Stone Golems to surround Luo Zheng again.
When facing high temperature, Luo Zheng's body would activate this wonderful state. However, this time, his body did not seem to have changed much. Luo Zheng looked at the dense golden Sanskrit characters on his body and shook his head.
At first, Xie Lang's True Fire could burn his body. Later, he relied on the Earth Core Flame and the Sky Demon Sacred Flame, these two strange flames.
Although the Heavenly Meteorite Flame was powerful, its purity was far inferior to the Earth Core Flame and the Sky Demon Sacred Flame. Moreover, Luo Zheng had reached the level of a Middle Grade Spiritual Weapon. The Heavenly Meteorite Flame was not qualified to burn his body. This was also the reason why his body did not absorb the flame.
In other words, his body only felt that the level of the flames was too low. It only released the golden Sanskrit to help him resist the damage. It did not form a golden vortex to absorb the flames.
Thousands of Sanskrit characters were attached to Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, he looked like a golden man. He was no longer afraid of the Flaming Stone Golems.
Seeing the Flaming Stone Golems swarming towards him, a cold smile appeared on his face.
"Break!"
Luo Zheng reached out and threw a punch.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
One stone golem after another was smashed by Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, four or five Flaming Stone Golems were destroyed by Luo Zheng.
At this time, the rest of the Flaming Stone Golems had surrounded Luo Zheng. Hei Ming shouted and detonated all the Flaming Stone Golems.
"Explode! I don't believe that I can't burn you to death! "
"Hu hu …"
In the illusion, a crimson flame soared into the sky and rushed to the peak of dozens of feet. Fortunately, this flame explosion was taking place in the illusion.
According to the law of illusion, all the energy would be firmly controlled inside the illusion and would not escape to the outside. If the illusion was broken and the energy escaped, it would mean that the illusion had been broken.
This flame soared into the sky and lasted for a few breaths of time. After the Heavenly Meteorite Fire burned out, it gradually extinguished.
Hei Ming took a deep breath and said, "Success. I didn't expect that I would have to detonate the Heavenly Meteorite Fire that I had been cultivating for so long to deal with Luo Zheng. He is already at the Xiantian second stage and has such strength. If he steps into the Xiantian Full Circle in the future, I will not be his opponent!"
The entire illusion was Hei Ming's spiritual projection. Hei Ming was immersed in the joy of success. At this time, his mood was calm and the illusion also gradually calmed down.
But after a while, the illusion suddenly surged and a violent storm appeared in Hei Ming's state of mind. Just like him, the illusion also became manic and restless. Not far away, the ground began to shake and the cracks on the ground began to expand. This showed that Hei Ming was very excited at the moment.
"The Heavenly Meteorite Fire erupted at the same time but I still can't deal with this brat!" Hei Ming murmured and his eyes flashed with intense fear.
After blocking all the Heavenly Meteorite Fire, Luo Zheng waved his arms and those golden Sanskrit characters gradually submerged into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng stepped out of the huge pit and stared at Hei Ming with a faint sneer on his face: "I have been suppressed by you all this time and I haven't even touched your sleeves. Now that you've had enough, it's my turn, right?"
Hei Ming was already in a panic. The unknown was the greatest fear. He couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cards and at the same time, he couldn't understand Luo Zheng's real strength!
To judge a warrior's strength, the most important thing was to use the realm and cultivation to check. Although the realm and cultivation were sometimes not accurate, because of the quality of the cultivation method and the different magic weapons on the body, it was easy for those outstanding genius warriors to challenge those of a higher realm or even several realms.
But even if it was a challenge of a higher realm, there must be a plan! Hei Ming's attack just now, even a Divine Reflection expert would be quite embarrassed.
But Luo Zheng was safe and sound! He was only at the Xiantian second stage!
"Could it be that he had already broken through to the Divine Reflection realm and suppressed his cultivation for the Qingyun Road and the reward? Impossible! The disciples of the All-Peak Tournament have to go through layers of screening. They must check the age of their bones. It is impossible for him to suppress his cultivation. The Sovereign, the Elders, and those Spiritual Masters are not to be trifled with! "
The unknown about Luo Zheng formed a huge fear in Hei Ming's heart.
"Go to hell! Hundred Illusory Death! "
Hei Ming waved his hand, and a hundred illusions were projected from his body. Those hundred illusions looked exactly like him, and their strength was not much different from his.
As soon as those illusions landed, they waved the long spears in their hands and rushed towards Luo Zheng. Hei Ming wanted to use the illusions to drown Luo Zheng!
Facing these illusions, Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest. The energy of the Soaring Phoenix crystal in his right arm gushed out, and the energy flowed through the meridians into Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, Luo Zheng's body was as light as a piece of white paper.
Then, he turned into a thin line and rushed straight towards Hei Ming.
"Stop him!"
Hei Ming waved his hand, and a hundred illusions of Hei Ming's body firmly blocked in front of him.
Luo Zheng's eyes slightly narrowed, and half of the dragon scales on his body lit up. Even if only half of the dragon scales lit up, the terrifying power was unimaginable. At this moment, Luo Zheng was like a savage fierce beast. What was more frightening was that he not only had amazing strength, but also extremely fast speed.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Luo Zheng randomly found an angle and directly rushed forward. Whether it was the long spears or the illusions, under the impact of Luo Zheng, they could only turn into a little bit of crystal light, dissipating in the illusory array, and turning into a trace of energy that returned to the array flag.
Soon, Luo Zheng broke through the human wall formed by a hundred Xiantian Full Cycle experts, and directly crashed into Hei Ming.
Hei Ming did not want to rely on these illusions to deal with Luo Zheng. Hundred Illusory Death was not his strongest attack. His strongest killing move was the Heavenly Meteorite Fire, but it had no effect on Luo Zheng. Therefore, he only hoped that these illusions could delay for a while, so that he could think of a way to break it.
But …
The illusions of a hundred Xiantian Full Cycle experts did not cause the slightest bit of trouble to Luo Zheng. In just a moment, Luo Zheng rushed forward, which caught Hei Ming off guard.
"Bang!"
Hei Ming felt his vision darken, and his whole body was heavily knocked away.
Outside the illusory array, this round of the competition had already come to an end. The other rounds of the competition had also ended. Now, all eyes were focused on the battle between Luo Zheng and Hei Ming.
Zuo Yun was sitting in meditation, regulating his breathing. After eating the Scarlet Cloud Pill, he needed to use his True Essence to dissolve the medicinal efficacies and spread them into the meridians of his whole body. Only in this way could the medicinal efficacies of the Scarlet Cloud Pill be stimulated.
Although Zuo Yun was concentrating on dissolving the medicinal efficacies of the Scarlet Cloud Pill, at this moment, he still had a trace of his mind on the competition stage.
Zuo Yun's mentality was very good. He was born of a concubine, and had encountered many unfair treatment since childhood. Step by step, he had relied on his own efforts and outstanding talent to enter the Blue Cloud Sect and become the first in the Xiao Yufeng Inner Sect. Even if Xiao Yufeng was only ranked at the last peak, this result was enough for him to be proud of.
Zuo Yun had never been complacent. With his vision, he also understood that today's achievements were not worth mentioning.
No matter what the situation was, he would give his all and slowly climb towards the peak of martial arts. But today, he had been beaten miserably by Hei Ming. Not only was he miserable, but even the entire Xiao Yufeng was miserable.
Besides Luo Zheng, he was the chief disciple of Xiao Yufeng. In fact, many people did not know Luo Zheng, but they knew that he was Zuo Yun.
But, the disciple with the highest cultivation in Xiao Yufeng was actually not worth mentioning in front of Hei Ming. He did not even have the strength to fight back. This thought had already become a demon in Zuo Yun's heart, and no matter what, he could not get rid of it.
The humiliation he suffered today was like a lump of pent-up Qi, blocking Zuo Yun's chest, making it difficult for him to breathe!
If Zuo Yun could not get rid of this demon in his heart, his future cultivation would be stuck at the Xiantian Full Circle, and he would not be able to make any progress!
To get rid of this demon in his heart, he could rely on himself, or he could rely on Luo Zheng. Maybe Luo Zheng could replace Xiao Yufeng and teach Hei Ming a lesson. Then, his demon in his heart would naturally be removed.
"Luo Zheng, you must win!"
On the other side of the competition stage, Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak was still talking with Zhenren Xiang Yang. The atmosphere was relaxed and harmonious.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 233
"When Hei Ming first entered our Black Rock Peak, he displayed his amazing attainments in formations. At that time, our Black Mountain Peak's outer sect had a cultivation mystic realm which was set up by Xiang Yang Zhenren. It was called the Nine Splendor Body Tempering Array!" Instructor Yu smiled.
Reverend Xiang Yang nodded. "I remember that among the 33 peaks of the Emerald Sky Sect, there are not many outer sect disciples who have cultivation mystic realms. I remember that only the outer sect disciples of your Black Rock Peak, Lone Sky Peak, and Vast Spirit Peak have them. The Nine Splendor Body Tempering Array is used to temper the body."
Most of the outer disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had not entered the Xiantian realm and were still at the fifth level of the Body Refinement Realm. Therefore, the array was only used to temper the impurities of the outer disciples.
"I don't know what happened that day. Maybe there was a thunderstorm the day before, and a bolt of lightning struck a hole in the Nine Splendor Body Tempering Array, making it unusable. Xiang Yang Zhenren, you were busy, so I couldn't find a suitable person to fix the illusion array. I didn't expect Hei Ming to recommend himself. I thought he was just a young boy, and the illusion array set up by Xiang Yang Zhenren was so exquisite that he could fix it. I didn't expect Hei Ming to really fix it! It's still working smoothly! "Instructor Yu smiled.
"Oh? There's such a thing? Not bad, not bad. I'll observe for a while. If Hei Ming can enter the top 100, I'll consider accepting him as my personal disciple! "Xiang Yang Zhenren stroked his beard and smiled.
The smile on Instructor Yu's face grew even wider. "However, Hei Ming is focused on the Dao of Formations. Although his attainments in Illusory Formations are impressive, his martial Dao is somewhat lacking." If Instructor Yu could recommend Hei Ming to Reverend Xiang Yang as his personal disciple, he would be greatly rewarded. Moreover, his Black Rock Peak was ranked second. He didn't rely on Hei Ming to get a place in the All-Peak Competition, but the inner disciples who had broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm.
"It's okay. The realm can be improved slowly, and so can the strength. However, the attainments in illusion arrays are innate. If Hei Ming is a good seedling, I won't let him go!" Xiang Yang Zhenren waved his hand.
"Let's watch this battle. According to my judgment, Hei Ming should win very easily … Hehe, the light screen of the illusion array faded!" While Instructor Yu was speaking, the light screen in the arena gradually dimmed. This meant that the battle in the illusion array was over.
Instructor Yu took a closer look and was about to say something, but the words were stuck in his throat. He was completely speechless!
Hei Ming was defeated?
In the arena, Hei Ming was lying on the ground while Luo Zheng was standing in the middle like an iron tower!
Others were fine, but Instructor Yu was clear about Hei Ming's battle prowess. If one was trapped by his illusionary killing array, even a Divine Reflection Realm expert would have a hard time.
Xiang Yang Zhenren was also dumbfounded. Hei Ming's opponent was only at the Xiantian second stage. How could he break the Heavenly Fire Killing Array? Even if Hei Ming's strength was only at the peak of the Xiantian realm and was unable to display the full power of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array, it was impossible for a Xiantian second stage boy to break it!
Hei Ming's body swayed a little. After being hit by Luo Zheng's punch, it was as if he had been hit by a wild ancient beast. It was not a good feeling at all.
He opened his mouth with great difficulty, wanting to tell the referee that he admitted defeat. But just as he opened his mouth, before he could say anything, a huge fist came right at his face.
"Poof!"
This fist hit his face, breaking the bridge of his nose and making it crooked to the side.
His face revealed a look of fear. Looking at the high and mighty Luo Zheng, he said with great difficulty: "Luo Zheng, you dare to hit me? The battle is … over!"
"Is that so? You haven't admitted defeat, nor have you fainted. How can it be over? "Luo Zheng said contemptuously.
Luo Zheng wanted to make Hei Ming pay for all the injuries he had inflicted on Zuo Yun.
Hei Ming finally understood that this seemingly ordinary inner disciple was, in fact, more ruthless than him! He was quick-witted and took advantage of Luo Zheng's carelessness to call the referee to admit defeat.
But just as Hei Ming opened his mouth, another fist came at him. Luo Zheng was not distracted in the slightest.
"Poof!"
This punch caused Hei Ming to bleed profusely and his teeth to fall to the ground. Although the elixirs could heal these injuries and even regenerate broken teeth, Hei Ming would not be able to see anyone for a period of time.
Luo Zheng did not give Hei Ming a chance to admit defeat. At the same time, he controlled the strength of his fist so that Hei Ming would not faint. At the same time, he was able to destroy his body as much as possible!
The referee at the side looked at this scene coldly. As a referee, he was just following the rules. As for whether these disciples fought to their deaths, it was none of his business!
Many Blue Cloud Sect disciples saw this scene and started to talk about it.
"That Luo Zheng is too cruel. Hei Ming wants to admit defeat, but he doesn't even give him a chance! This is too much! "
"You didn't watch the fight seriously, did you? In my opinion, that brat Hei Ming deserves it! "
"What do you mean?"
"Previously, the chief disciple of Xiao Yufeng, Zuo Yun, had already been defeated. He was beaten to death by Hei Ming! At that time, Hei Ming was not lenient. Now, he was taught a lesson by Zuo Yun's disciple from the same peak. Isn't that what he deserves? "
"So that's how it is. He really deserves it! But this Luo Zheng is really ruthless. Not only is he at the Xiantian second stage, but he can also help Zuo Yun get back at him. He … is even stronger than Wang Yun in the past! At that time, Wang Yun was at the Xiantian second stage and was able to rush into the top 100. Looking at Luo Zheng's momentum, he should also be able to rush into the top 100. It seems that Luo Zheng may also become a pro-disciple! "
This kind of discussion came one after another and many disciples lowered their heads to talk.
"Satisfying, too satisfying!" Instructor Wen's face was full of excitement and he was dancing with joy. It was as if he was the one beating Hei Ming in the arena at this moment!
Xiao Yufeng's disciples were also elated at this moment. The most excited one was Zuo Yun. He was sitting cross-legged, but at this moment, he was not in the mood to refine the medicinal power in his body. His hands were clenched into fists and his fingernails had been deeply dug into his flesh, oozing blood!
"Luo Zheng … thank you!" Zuo Yun secretly said in his heart. The pent-up anger caused by Hei Ming's humiliation and beating gradually dissipated at this moment!
The disciples of Black Rock Peak all had ugly expressions at this moment. Instructor Yu's face was even darker as he looked at the arena.
"Instructor Yu, how about I go up and stop him?" A man wearing a purple crown walked out from beside Instructor Yu. This person was wearing a Qinglong robe and a Qilin jade pendant on his waist. He had an imposing appearance and at first glance, one could tell that he was a dragon among men.
His surname was Su. He was one of the six princes of the Heavenly Incineration Dynasty, Su Long!
Su Long integrated his father Su Qian's martial talent and broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm at the age of twenty-four. Moreover, he was different from the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince who were fighting for the throne. Su Long wholeheartedly focused on martial arts and had no desire for the throne.
If possible, he would help the Third Prince Su Rui and help him ascend to the throne because he was Su Rui's younger brother.
Instructor Yu shook his head and said, "No, if you go up now, you'll be breaking the rules. Let me do it!"
Instructor Yu walked to the edge of the arena and shouted at Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, Hei Ming has lost. Stop!"
Luo Zheng smashed his fist down. He raised his head and coldly glanced at the black-faced instructor. He sneered, "Why should I stop? When Hei Ming was beating Zuo Yun like this, I didn't hear you come out and ask Hei Ming to stop! "
"Enough, he's a disciple of Black Rock Peak!" Instructor Yu clenched his teeth and said. He was an instructor of Black Rock Peak. He couldn't lower himself to say good things to a disciple.
"Oh? So what if he's a disciple of Black Rock Peak? Is his status more precious than the status of Xiao Yufeng's disciples? In other words, if the disciples of Xiao Yufeng, Vulture Peak, and Deep Sea Peak lose, they deserve to be beaten, and the disciples of Black Rock Peak are superior? "Luo Zheng retorted.
Luo Zheng's words touched the hearts of many disciples.
Although this was only a scene that happened in the fighting arena, the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect were never impartial. Many things happened in disputes, and often the reason was inclined to those peaks that were ranked at the top.
Over the years, the disciples and instructors of the lower ranked peaks had suffered a lot for no reason.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's words did indeed receive the approval of many disciples and instructors of the lower ranked peaks. Even Instructor Wen of Deep Sea Peak, who had a grudge with Xiao Yufeng, nodded silently.
Strictly speaking, the Blue Cloud Sect's approach was not wrong.
There was never absolute fairness in this world. The Blue Cloud Sect was right to give better resources to the stronger and more talented disciples.
But now, the one who stood was Luo Zheng, not Hei Ming! In other words, Luo Zheng was more powerful, more talented, and more talented than Hei Ming. Luo Zheng had proven his strength. Since it was within the rules, what right did the instructor of Black Rock Peak have to say anything?
"You! Do you know the consequences of provoking Black Rock Peak? You are destined to meet the disciples of our Black Rock Peak in the following battles. If you let Hei Ming go, I can ask them to let you go. If you are unwilling, I will return the pain that Hei Ming has suffered to you tenfold! "Since persuasion was ineffective, Instructor Yu turned to threats.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng punched Hei Ming again and sneered, "Fine, I will wait. I want to see how Black Rock Peak will return the pain to me!"
Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. He continued to punch Hei Ming. At this moment, Hei Ming's Qi was declining and he had no room to resist. However, Luo Zheng's attacks were not enough to make him faint, nor did they make him admit defeat. For Hei Ming, this was indeed inhumane torture.
However, Hei Ming forgot that this was his favorite thing to do.
At the last moment, Luo Zheng kicked Hei Ming away. Hei Ming hit the light barrier and fainted.
The referee announced, "Luo Zheng of Xiao Yufeng wins. Hei Ming of Black Rock Peak loses …"
Hei Ming's crushing defeat attracted many people's attention.
However, only a few people knew that the Black Rock Peak's Illusory Killing Array was very powerful, but they did not know how strong Luo Zheng was.
Most people did not even know the depth of Luo Zheng's strength. After all, the battle between Luo Zheng and Hei Ming took place in the Illusory Killing Array. The light barrier released by the Illusory Killing Array completely blocked everyone's vision.

Chapter 234
Although the majority of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were inclined towards Luo Zheng's way of giving an eye for an eye, they also understood that Hei Ming only had himself to blame.
However, Luo Zheng's ruthless methods still left a mark in the hearts of many Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
This ordinary-looking youth was too ruthless!
Those powerful disciples were still fine, but many of them looked at Luo Zheng with a faint reverence. If they met him in the arena, their momentum would be reduced by half.
This kind of thing happening to a Xiantian second stage disciple was indeed inconceivable.
It should be known that among the disciples who came to participate in today's Peak Competition, the weakest was at Xiantian seventh stage or eighth stage. About half of them were at Xiantian Peak, and a small number were at Divine Reflection Realm.
Luo Zheng did not show his full strength, so those Divine Reflection Realm warriors only noticed Luo Zheng's ruthlessness, but disdained Luo Zheng's strength. After all, the gap between a Xiantian life form and a Divine Reflection Realm warrior was too big.
Only a peerless genius like Hua Tianming could compete with a Divine Reflection Realm warrior, but Hua Tianming was at Xiantian Peak. What was Luo Zheng? Xiantian second stage was not enough to enter the eyes of a Divine Reflection Realm warrior.
Although the matter of Luo Zheng participating in the Demon Slaying Trial and killing the Demon General had once spread crazily within the Blue Cloud Sect for a while, especially to the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak. However, those Inner Sect disciples who participated in the Demon Slaying Trial could only be the best among the various peaks. For example, Zhu Tianlai's performance in the Tianyi Peak was not bad, but it was only good. He did not even have the qualifications to represent the Tianyi Peak in the Peak Grand Competition.
Therefore, the news of Luo Zheng killing a Demon General did not cause much of a stir, or it could be said that it was not a big deal for the top geniuses of each peak.
After Luo Zheng walked down from the arena, Mentor Wen almost went up to give Luo Zheng a big hug!
If Luo Zheng won this match, he would definitely be able to rush out of the group stage. However, this was not the key point. Rather, it was that Luo Zheng had successfully helped Zuo Yun exact his revenge, helping Little Yu Feng vent his anger.
Why was the Blue Cloud Sect divided into so many peaks? It was for the competition between the peaks.
Today's Peak Competition, except for the disciples who came to watch, all the thirty-three peaks had placed large letters, so that all the disciples could watch the competition through them.
If Luo Zheng did not help Zuo Yun, it would be a big blow to Xiao Yufeng's confidence. All the disciples of Yufeng would feel ashamed, and even slack in their cultivation.
They were here, but they did not know that the Xiao Yufeng Peak was boiling!
At this time, Xiao Yufeng's inner and outer disciples each had a large letters. At this moment, except for those disciples who were cultivating hard, most of the disciples were surrounding the letters.
In fact, Xiao Yufeng's disciples had already boiled over before, and that was when Zuo Yun was beaten up.
Hei Ming's stick hit Zuo Yun again and again, and it was as if he was slapping their faces. All the Xiao Yufeng disciples present were filled with righteous indignation, and some of them even wanted to organize other disciples to make trouble!
The second boiling over was when Luo Zheng beat Hei Ming into a pig's head with his fists!
Luo Zheng's fists seemed to have hit the bottom of their hearts, making them feel incomparably comfortable. It was too cool!
"Overturn their Black Rock Peak, Luo Zheng must have the strength to overturn their entire Black Rock Peak!"
Seeing Luo Zheng's consecutive victories, most of the disciples ignored Luo Zheng's cultivation realm, and instead imagined that Luo Zheng could rush into the top 100.
The top 100, for Xiao Yufeng, was already an amazing record!
However, some disciples were still very worried. They were clearly aware that Luo Zheng's cultivation realm was insufficient, and there was obviously a gap between him and the others.
"Luo Zheng is only at Xiantian second stage … the top 100 are basically all Illuminating God powerhouses. I'm afraid Luo Zheng won't have that chance …"
However, as soon as this kind of unconfident talk appeared, it was immediately extinguished by the excited disciples.
"What did you say? Luo Zheng is our Xiao Yufeng's once-in-a-thousand-years genius. So what if he is a Illuminating God powerhouse? He will still be destroyed! "
"Humph, so far, I haven't seen how strong Luo Zheng's potential is! Perhaps his true strength isn't below the Illuminating God realm? "
Regardless of whether the Xiao Yufeng disciples were blindly optimistic or not, after Zuo Yun's crushing defeat, Luo Zheng had become Xiao Yufeng's only hope. Although they knew in their hearts that Luo Zheng would have a hard time dealing with those Illuminating God realm disciples, they weren't willing to admit this fact.
In the arena, round after round of group matches continued.
Only in actual combat could the disciples' true strength be tested.
The winner would advance directly, while the loser would be eliminated.
One genius after another was unearthed in the battles.
For example, Jade Maiden Peak's Quan Xiaoyan, Lone Sky Peak's Hua Tianming, Huanling Peak's Zhu Fanhai …
After three rounds, another crucial battle was about to take place in the arena.
"Lone Sky Peak's Mu Qingliu versus Jadeite Peak's Yue Qi!"
These two people were ranked at the top of the Green Cloud Proclamation.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were a total of 1000 disciples. Only those whose strength entered the top 1000 could leave their names on the proclamation.
However, this proclamation only rotated according to the disciples' daily battles on the arena. In reality, the strength of every martial artist on the proclamation was rapidly improving. Some martial artists had high comprehension abilities and improved rapidly, while some martial artists encountered bottlenecks and stopped moving forward.
Therefore, there were large discrepancies between the proclamation's rankings.
Therefore, the Blue Cloud Sect's Green Cloud Proclamation would have a small change every month, but the truly accurate and constant ranking was the grand proclamation that changed every three years. The disciples' strength assessed through the Peak Wide Competition could be accurately ranked.
The Peak Wide Competition included the most outstanding disciples in the entire Blue Cloud Sect. Besides a small number of disciples who went out to gain experience or were in closed door cultivation, basically all of them were gathered here.
And these disciples added up to less than 700. Therefore, the disciples who were able to stand here were basically all on the proclamation.
However, Luo Zheng was an exception.
His strength was advancing rapidly and his speed was too fast. Although he had challenged opponents in the arena, such as the outer disciples of Vulture Peak or people from Zhuge Feng, these people were not on the proclamation. Therefore, Luo Zheng did not appear on this proclamation.
Moreover, the strength gap on this proclamation was very large.
It was easy to enter the top 1000. About the top 30 of each peak could enter. However, for peaks like Deep Sea Peak and Xiao Yufeng, whose strength was at the bottom, one would probably have to enter the top few to qualify.
But the top 400 was very difficult. Those who could be ranked here were basically at the peak of the Xiantian Realm.
And the top 100 was basically the world of the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses.
Of the two people competing now, one was Mu Qingliu, ranked 99th, and the other was Yue Qi, ranked 72nd.
Previously, although there were Divine Reflection Realm disciples who participated in the group competition, they either easily defeated their opponents or directly admitted defeat. After all, these Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses had a high probability of encountering Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses. A Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse challenging a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse? Ordinary Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses did not have the courage or ability to do so.
Unless they were monstrous geniuses like Hua Tianming.
In fact, the formation genius Hei Ming, who had fought with Luo Zheng before, also had the ability to challenge Divine Reflection Realm disciples. His illusionary killing formation was very powerful. Even if a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse was trapped in it, it would be very difficult to escape.
Unfortunately, Hei Ming encountered Luo Zheng. Because of Luo Zheng's special body, he completely restrained fire attribute techniques. Naturally, Hei Ming could not do anything to him. In the end, not only was he defeated, but he was also beaten beyond recognition by Luo Zheng and lost the ability to continue fighting. Even if Hei Ming relied on elixirs to recover, he would not be able to recover in a short time. Naturally, he was not able to participate in the competition.
Both Mu Qingliu and Yue Qi had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm.
However, there was a big gap between the Divine Reflection Realm and the peak of the Xiantian Realm. After the breakthrough, one would master the method of burning Vital Essence, and one's combat strength would greatly increase.
Therefore, this battle naturally attracted the attention of many people.
Mu Qingliu represented the Tianyi Peak, which was ranked first and had been in the limelight in recent years. Yue Qi represented the Jadeite Peak. The Jadeite Peak was an old and strong peak. It had dominated the 33 peaks for a long time, but in recent years, its strength had declined and was gradually replaced by the Tianyi Peak, Hei Peak, and Huanling Peak.
However, this did not mean that the Jadeite Peak could be underestimated.
After all, it was an old and strong peak. The Jadeite Peak, which had dominated the first place for a long time, had received too many resources and benefits from the Blue Cloud Sect. There were six cultivation secret realms on their peak, which was also the peak with the most cultivation secret realms. Although these cultivation secret realms were not as good as the cultivation secret realms in the Blue Cloud Sect that collected points, they were open to disciples for free. Many disciples of the Jadeite Peak naturally received great benefits. They cultivated day and night, and there were always some geniuses on their peak.
Yue Qi was the person ranked second on the Jadeite Peak.
Although he was ranked second, after several years of cultivation, no one knew how much Yue Qi's strength had improved. After all, Divine Reflection Realm disciples rarely fought in the arena, and the top 100 rankings rarely changed. Often, the rankings had to be rearranged in the triennial Peak Competition.
Mu Qingliu had just broken through the peak of the Xiantian Realm a year ago and was promoted to the Divine Reflection Realm. When he was at the peak of the Xiantian Realm, Mu Qingliu's ranking was very high, and now his strength was even more unfathomable.
This time, the Divine Reflection Realm disciples and the Divine Reflection Realm disciples were tit for tat. One could imagine the attention everyone paid to the two of them.
The two of them did not hold back as soon as they entered the arena.
In fact, whether it was Mu Qingliu or Yue Qi, the two of them had not tasted defeat in their previous battles. Even if they lost this battle, it would not have much impact. It would be a real joke if a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse could not stand out in the group stage.
But both of them were proud sons of heaven. How could they lose to others? To be able to cultivate to such a realm, they relied on a firm will and super talent. Talent was not a big deal, but the heart of martial arts was the most important. Only with an obsession that could not lose to others, could one go further in martial arts.
If it was only for opportunistic reasons, deliberately preserving strength and giving in … This kind of small trick may be able to win a temporary benefit for oneself, but it was destined to not go far on the road of martial arts.
The two Divine Reflection Realm disciples fought with great momentum. The aftermath of the burning and explosion of Zhen Yuan shocked many disciples.
Mu Qingliu cultivated wind attribute Zhen Yuan, which was ever-changing. Yue Qi, on the other hand, cultivated earth attribute Zhen Yuan, which was steady and steady. Their exchange was sometimes fast and sometimes slow, which dazzled the audience and made them gasp in amazement.
In the end, the result of the battle was that Yue Qi defeated Mu Qingliu with a risky move …
Originally, everyone was still praising that Jadeite Peak indeed had a deep foundation. With Yue Qi's strength, he could only be ranked second on Jadeite Peak. Perhaps Jadeite Peak was accumulating strength this time and wanted to return to the top of the 33 peaks!
Unexpectedly, after five or six rounds, Yue Qi was assigned to fight with Tianyi Peak again, and his opponent was Hua Tianming!
Hua Tianming of Xiantian Full Circle was going against Yue Qi of Divine Reflection Realm.
Originally, the battle between Xiantian Full Circle and Divine Reflection Realm was simply a battle without any suspense. But because of Hua Tianming, this battle became mysterious.
It was nothing more than Hua Tianming's combat strength was too strong. They had long heard that Hua Tianming could challenge Divine Reflection Realm cultivators, but no one had seen it before. Today, they could see it.
"You still won't draw your sword?" After entering the arena, Yue Qi saw that Hua Tianming still had his hands behind his back and had no intention of drawing his sword, so he asked coldly.
He didn't even draw his sword against a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, and he himself was only at Xiantian Full Circle. This was no longer confidence, but arrogance. It was even an insult to Yue Qi.
Insulting a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator wasn't a good thing.
Unexpectedly, Hua Tianming shook his head. "You're not worthy of me drawing my sword."
"Wow …"
All the Blue Cloud Sect disciples began to discuss at this moment. There was no helping it. Hua Tianming's words were too arrogant.
Tianyi Peak's side was still fine. Several Divine Reflection Realm cultivators had smiles on their faces.
"Hehe, Junior Martial Brother Hua is indeed qualified to say this!"
"Yes, with Yue Qi's strength, Junior Martial Brother Hua indeed doesn't need to draw his sword."
"Let's see how long he can last. With Junior Martial Brother Hua's strength, it's no problem for him to enter the top 80 without a weapon. I reckon he'll have to draw his sword if he encounters a disciple in the top 60."
If others heard the Divine Reflection Realm disciples' evaluation of Hua Tianming, their jaws would probably drop in shock.
Entering the top 80 with the strength of a Xiantian Full Circle cultivator without a weapon? This was too perverted.
Of course, Hua Tianming's Tianyi Peak disciples thought so, but the disciples of the other peaks didn't think so, especially the Jadeite Peak disciples.
Although the Jadeite Peak was currently ranked sixth, they still considered themselves as a veteran peak in their bones. They always looked at the newcomers with the eyes of a big brother, especially the peaks ranked above them!
"Damn, this Hua Tianming is too arrogant. He needs to be taught a good lesson!"
"I suggest Brother Yue Qi not to hold back just because he didn't draw his sword. Go up and give him the most ruthless killing blow. Teach this Hua Tianming a lesson to the point that even his mother won't recognize him. Let him understand the immensity of heaven and earth, and what it means to be humble!"
"This Hua Tianming is indeed a rare genius that appears once in 500 years, but will a genius definitely succeed? I don't think so! If he's arrogant and gets suppressed by Yue Qi, it might form an inner demon and break his martial dao heart! He won't be able to make any progress in his cultivation in the future! "
The Jadeite Peak disciples shouted and cursed. They didn't even lower their voices, so their unbearable words could be heard.
Even the various Perfected Masters, Elders, and even Shi Jingtian heard them, but they didn't stop them. The Blue Cloud Sect nurtured martial artists, not scholars. Only by making the scene more lively could they unearth the strongest combat strength and potential of these martial artists!
The Jadeite Peak disciples were indignant, but the other peaks were much better. Most of them only felt that Hua Tianming was a little arrogant. As for the result of the battle … they were happy to see Hua Tianming be defeated by Yue Qi and lose his drive to reach the peak of martial dao …
Luo Zheng stood behind Mentor Wen and watched the battle without any expression. His gaze was focused on Hua Tianming. This Hua Tianming was definitely not a simple person.
He had a premonition that he would be fighting with Hua Tianming soon.

Chapter 235
Yue Qi stood there with a feeling of being as steady as Mount Tai.
To be able to stand out from the many talented disciples of Emerald Peak and step by step to become the second in the inner sect, Yue Qi sweated too much.
Yue Qi was not a particularly talented disciple and was far from those disciples with strong comprehension. However, he was able to suppress those geniuses and achieve greater achievements than them. This was the result of Yue Qi's hard work.
One step at a time, he fought steadily and steadily. He was not easily angered and did not belittle himself.
With the best mentality and enough hard work, it was enough for him to surpass those "geniuses" by a hundred times.
Yue Qi untied a long spear from his back and held it in his hand. He said in an incomparably cold voice, "Whether I'm worthy of drawing my sword or not, we'll only know after we fight. Let me say in advance that I won't be merciful to you just because you don't draw your sword."
Hua Tianming nodded. "In the arena, you naturally have to give your all. I didn't draw my sword because there are many people stronger than you. My sword will be left for them!"
From beginning to end, Hua Tianming did not draw his sword. The reason was not that he looked down on his opponent. On the contrary, Hua Tianming attached great importance to every one of his opponents.
The Peak Grand Competition was not only a competition of strength, but also endurance and scheming.
Although Hua Tianming's strength was strong, he was still at the Connate Full Circle. If he wanted to reach the top in the Peak Grand Competition, how strong would his opponents be?
In the previous Peak Grand Competitions, there were always genius disciples who came out. Luo Yan from the previous Peak Grand Competition, Xu Xiuyuan from the previous Peak Grand Competition, and Lou Chong from the previous Peak Grand Competition. However, how many people could really reach the top in one step?
Other than the disciples of the 33 Peaks, there were even stronger opponents in front of him, and that was the personal disciples! Personal disciples were often more powerful with the guidance of famous teachers. Looking at the previous Peak Grand Competitions, other than a few genius dark horses that appeared out of nowhere, the personal disciples were usually able to occupy the top 20!
Yue Qi nodded lightly and took a step towards Hua Tianming. With one foot on the ground, an invisible wave spread out with his foot as the center. Then, with a shake of the long spear, the tip of the spear was like a dragon hiding in the mountains, suddenly rushing out of its cave.
Along with the long spear, Yue Qi's astonishing aura shot out.
That aura was as steady as a mountain. Yue Qi's figure instantly grew taller, as if he had transformed into the five peaks of Mount Tai. The spear in his hand was the dragon that occupied the mountain.
"Cloud Dragon Scout!"
"Roar!"
Strands of True Essence coiled around Yue Qi's spear shaft, and if one looked carefully, they would be able to see that the True Essence had transformed into a blurry dragon shadow, constantly revolving around the spear shaft.
Just the first move was already so powerful!
Just as Yue Qi had said, he would not hold back just because Hua Tianming was a Connate Perfected Great Perfection expert. On the contrary, he would go all out once he attacked.
"Cloud Dragon Testing the Sky. This move is very powerful. I wonder how Hua Tianming will handle it!"
Yue Qi's' Rain-Dragon Spear Art 'attack is divided into two parts. The first part is the spear, and the second part is the eruption of true essence. The first part is the spear, and the second part is the eruption of true essence. The first part is already so astonishing. If the true essence erupts, the power is simply unimaginable. Hua Tianming wants to receive this spear with his bare hands? Heh, he's overestimating himself!
Looking at Yue Qi's astonishing spear, Hua Tianming's face also revealed a dignified expression. His feet moved, and he dodged to the side at an extremely fast speed.
"Dodge? Do you think my Cloud Dragon Testing the Sky is so easy to dodge? " Yue Qi held the nine feet nine inches long spear in one hand. This spear, which weighed a hundred pounds, seemed to have become a part of Yue Qi's body. It was abnormally agile. No matter how Hua Tianming dodged, the tip of the spear remained the same, pointing straight at Hua Tianming. The distance between the two was getting closer and closer.
In other words, Hua Tianming could not dodge this spear.
At this moment, Hua Tianming suddenly used a strange footwork.
Footwork was generally divided into several categories. Some focused on nimble turns, such as the 'Hundred Steps of Disorientation'. Others used dazzling phantoms to confuse the opponent, such as the 'Treading Water Crossing'. No matter what kind of footwork was used, it was impossible to dodge Yue Qi's spear.
Yue Qi's spear technique walked the path of calmness and steadiness. It specialized in breaking the unconventional and opportunistic moves of the sword.
However, Hua Tianming's footwork was very strange. Every time he took a step, there would be a faint shadow of a sword under his feet pointing in a direction. He would constantly change directions according to this shadow of a sword. His body was neither fast nor slow, but it just happened to avoid Yue Qi's spear.
"Sword Steps! That's Sword Steps! Hua Tianming has comprehended the Sword Steps! "Someone suddenly yelled from below the stage.
"It really is Sword Steps! This Hua Tianming is too monstrous. He hasn't drawn his sword until now. I don't know how strong he is, but just Sword Steps alone are better than 99% of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples! "someone exclaimed.
Sword Steps were a special kind of footwork. The distance of every step was exactly the same as the length of the sword.
Because every step was limited by the distance, the flexibility of the Sword Steps would naturally be greatly reduced. But the Sword Steps were comprehended from the Sword Intent. If one reached the Small Success Stage of the Sword Intent, combined with the area covered by the Sword Intent, the Sword Steps would be far faster than an ordinary movement technique!
Moreover, Sword Steps were a footwork used to attack! Every step he took would shatter the air currents and form cyclones that contained sword intent. With a casual kick, he could shoot out those cyclones high up in the air.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
Hua Tianming's Sword Steps had already reached Initial Success. Although his footsteps were light, the Sword Intent beneath his feet cut through the air, creating vibrations that produced crisp sounds.
Relying on Sword Steps, Hua Tianming easily dodged Yue Qi's spear.
When Luo Zheng saw Hua Tianming's Sword Steps, his heart was slightly moved.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng constantly entered the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform to hone his Sword Intent. His comprehension of Sword Intent was also maturing day by day. Even though Luo Zheng felt that Hua Tianming's Sword Intent was extraordinary, Luo Zheng also believed that his own Sword Intent would not lose to Hua Tianming's.
However, he never thought that Sword Intent could be used in footwork.
Countless swordsmen in the world dreamed of comprehending their own Sword Steps. However, judging from the movements and footwork of Sword Steps, it was not difficult to practice.
The greatest difficulty of Sword Steps was precisely the fusion of footwork and Sword Intent. From a certain point of view, Sword Steps were actually the elementary form of One with the Sword.
Hua Tianming dodged Yue Qi's spear. Suddenly, he drew a line on the ground and hung upside down in the air. With a pull of his feet, a dignified Sword Intent flew toward Yue Qi.
In the face of Hua Tianming's Sword Steps, Yue Qi did not dare to be negligent. The spear in his hand spun rapidly like a windmill. The Sword Intent hit his rapidly spinning spear shaft and made a series of noises.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
Just the Sword Intent drawn from Sword Steps had such power. Even though Yue Qi was like a mountain, waving his spear to block all the attacks, he could not help but retreat.
The battle on the platform continued. The more the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect watched, the more shocked they were. Even the personal disciples were concentrating on watching the battle on the arena. As for the other battles at the same time, no one paid attention to them.
Hua Tianming's performance was too amazing. This made the personal disciples, who had always been arrogant, pay attention to him.
After all, Hua Tianming was famous. Even Yue Qi could not make him draw his sword. Instead, he was suppressed by Hua Tianming's Sword Steps. This was enough to show that Hua Tianming's hidden strength was very terrifying.
The personal disciples were not fools. Their arrogance was not inherent. They did not pay attention to their opponents because most of them were not worthy of their attention. However, in the face of someone who could threaten them, if they did not pay attention to him, then they would be real fools.
Everyone's eyes were focused on the arena. Luo Zheng slowly stepped out from behind the crowd and paced back and forth.
If someone saw his footwork, they would be surprised to find that his footwork was exactly the same as Hua Tianming's on the platform!
However, Luo Zheng did not imbue Sword Intent into it. The Sword Steps without Sword Intent looked very awkward. It was as if this set of footwork lacked a soul.
"One Step, Two Steps, Three Steps …"
It was reasonable to say that even if Luo Zheng's memory was very strong, it was impossible for him to completely remember every movement of Hua Tianming's Sword Steps after seeing them once. After all, the swordsmanship was very changeable. It was almost ever-changing.
However, the Sword Steps were comprehended through Sword Intent. Luo Zheng relied on his comprehension of Sword Intent. He only needed to remember a rough embryonic form and naturally deduced it from Hua Tianming's Sword Steps.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng would pause for a while after every step. He was using Sword Intent to deduce how to take the next step.
After Luo Zheng gradually deduced the footwork and key points of the entire set of Sword Steps, his speed became faster and faster. At the beginning, he took one step in a breath. Then, he took two steps in a breath. As his comprehension deepened and he became more familiar with the Sword Steps, his speed became faster and faster!
Soon, Luo Zheng was able to walk as if he was flying. He had basically mastered the Sword Steps.
"If I use it alone, it's okay. However, it's still far from enough to fight against an enemy because I have to use different footwork according to the enemy's attack. It seems that this Sword Steps can only be continuously honed in battle." Luo Zheng shook his head. Even if it was a supreme magical power, it couldn't be built behind closed doors. All martial arts skills needed to be tested in actual combat. Otherwise, it would only be an armchair strategist.
Everyone was paying attention to the battle between Hua Tianming and Yue Qi in the arena.
However, Zuo Yun did not pay attention to the arena. He was concentrating on healing his injuries at the moment.
The Scarlet Cloud Pill's medicinal efficacy came in waves. Every half an hour, it would release a quarter of its medicinal efficacy. When the medicinal efficacy was released, he had to use his true essence to completely absorb the medicinal efficacy of the Scarlet Cloud Pill. At this moment, his injuries had been completely stabilized. As long as he didn't fight, no one would be able to tell that he had suffered any injuries.
After absorbing this wave of medicinal efficacy, Zuo Yun opened his eyes. Seeing Hua Tianming's strange and sharp Sword Steps in the arena, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart. They were both in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, but Hua Tianming's strength far exceeded his. Just by relying on Sword Steps, without even drawing his sword, Hua Tianming was able to suppress the Divine Reflection Stage Yue Qi. This was the difference in talent!
At this moment, he suddenly discovered that Luo Zheng had disappeared. He turned his head and saw that Luo Zheng was pacing back and forth behind the crowd.
"What is Luo Zheng doing? Why is he pacing back and forth? " Zuo Yun looked over, puzzled. Suddenly, his expression changed. "Hey, his footwork is very familiar. It seems to be Hua Tianming's Sword Steps!"
How is this possible? Why does he know Sword Steps … Zuo Yun's face was full of astonishment.
What made Zuo Yun even more inconceivable was that Luo Zheng seemed to have just started practicing Sword Steps.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 236
The sword steps had many variations and were very complicated. It was almost impossible to learn them in a short period of time. Even if Hua Tianming specifically demonstrated them in front of him several times, Zuo Yun reckoned that he wouldn't be able to remember them.
However, Zuo Yun watched as Luo Zheng became more and more proficient and his speed became faster and faster. It was as if he had been born with the sword steps.
Zuo Yun turned back to look at the arena. Luo Zheng's footwork was almost identical to Hua Tianming's sword steps.
Was this guy a monster?
Zuo Yun was shocked today. The opponents that Luo Zheng had defeated before did not exceed Zuo Yun's estimation of Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was able to obtain more than 50,000 points in the inner sect assessment. His actual combat ability could be imagined and was definitely stronger than Zuo Yun's.
However, watching Luo Zheng learn the sword steps that Hua Tianming was so proud of from scratch was too monstrous. It could be said that it was too much of a blow to them.
At this moment, a loud roar came from the arena. Zuo Yun turned his head to look.
At this moment, the battle between Hua Tianming and Yue Qi had reached a white-hot stage.
From the beginning to the end, Hua Tianming had relied only on the sword steps to suppress Yue Qi.
Yue Qi, who had been suppressed all the way, finally couldn't hold back anymore. His personality was as calm as a mountain, and he would not erupt easily. However, once he did, he would become a volcano. His opponent would have to face the flames of the volcano's eruption!
"Cloud Dragon Vanishing Shadow Strike!"
Boom!
The faint dragon bodies entrenched on Yue Qi's spear shaft came to life at the same time. They circled around the spear shaft and drilled into the tip of Yue Qi's spear. All of his True Essence was highly compressed into the tip of the spear, which was less than a foot long. The tip of the spear, which was originally glowing with a silver light, now reflected a dazzling light under the sunlight.
Then, Yue Qi gathered all of his Quintessential Origin Spear and thrust it at Hua Tianming.
At this moment, Hua Tianming was also using his sword steps to the extreme. His entire body was moving around the arena at an extremely high speed. If a disciple with a low cultivation base had appeared at this moment, they would have felt that there were more than ten Hua Tianming on the arena at the same time. However, those were merely afterimages left behind by his extremely fast movement speed.
And because his legs were moving so fast, it didn't seem like he was walking, but rather, he was constantly skating on the arena. It was as if the arena was a huge skating rink.
Under such high speed, Yue Qi was also dazzled. He secretly complained in his heart. He … was completely unable to lock onto Hua Tianming.
This Cloud Dragon Absolute Shadow Kill was his most powerful move, but no matter how powerful it was, it was useless if it couldn't hit the target …
This spear pierced nothing in the end.
At the same time, Hua Tianming was like a ghost. He quickly circled behind Yue Qi and pressed two of his fingers on Yue Qi's back.
If a swordsman comprehended sword intent, then even flowers, plants, and trees could be used as swords. Although Hua Tianming only pressed two fingers on Yue Qi's back, it was like a sharp sword pressing against him. In this situation, Yue Qi only had two choices: fight with his life on the line or admit defeat.
The Peak Wide Competition wasn't a life-and-death battle. Although it was a pity to lose, as long as there was life, there was hope. In the end, Yue Qi could only reluctantly admit defeat. Yue Qi also knew that with Hua Tianming's monstrous talent, it was probably impossible for him to surpass him …
After this round of competition, Luo Zheng also stopped practicing his sword steps. He had already comprehended the footwork of the sword steps and was prepared to use it in actual combat next time.
The battles on the arena continued to rotate. After a while, it was Luo Zheng's turn again.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus Heavenly Fury Peak's Zhuge Xi!"
Heavenly Fury Peak's Zhuge Xi? A member of the Family Zhuge Clan? Luo Zheng was slightly stunned, and then his expression returned to normal. He had a grudge with the Family Zhuge Clan for a long time. He didn't expect to encounter Zhuge Xi in the arena.
"What, Divine Reflection Stage! This … is bad luck, Luo Zheng. It doesn't matter if you lose a battle in the group stage. If you can't beat him, just admit defeat … "This wasn't the first time Mentor Wen had said this to Luo Zheng. Although he didn't want to say such words that would boost the prestige of others and destroy his own morale, Luo Zheng was indeed unlucky. He was actually assigned to the Divine Reflection Stage …
As long as one was a disciple of the Divine Reflection Stage, he could basically be ranked in the top 100. Moreover, Zhuge Xi's ranking wasn't low. He should be around the 83rd place!
From the beginning of the All-Peak Tournament until now, there hadn't been an upset in any of the Divine Reflection Stage battles. After all, the gap between the strength of a Divine Reflection Stage warrior and a Xiantian Full Circle expert was too big. Except for Hua Tianming who defeated Yue Qi, the other battles were basically won by the Divine Reflection Stage disciples. Moreover, Hua Tianming's battle wasn't considered an upset because Hua Tianming's talent was obvious to all.
Because Luo Zheng had beaten Hei Ming, a disciple of the Black Rock Peak, half to death, Mentor Yu of the Black Rock Peak hated Luo Zheng to the core. When he heard that Luo Zheng was assigned to the Divine Reflection Stage Zhuge Xi, he let out a long sigh of relief. "Very good, let's see how this little mouse of Xiantian second stage can withstand the pressure of a Divine Reflection Stage warrior! Humph! "
A little mouse of Xiantian second stage …
Until now, Luo Zheng had maintained a winning streak. In the eyes of many people, there was indeed a certain element of luck involved.
After all, the cultivation of Xiantian second stage was really too "conspicuous". Along the way, they all thought that Luo Zheng was just an opportunistic mouse. Once he encountered a real powerhouse, such as a Divine Reflection Stage disciple, he would be crushed and killed in seconds!
"Zhuge Xi is in the Divine Reflection Stage. That's good, I can use him to practice sword steps." Luo Zheng wasn't as worried as Mentor Yu. Instead, he faintly thought in his heart. When he was in the half-step Xiantian realm, he was able to take advantage of a Divine Reflection Stage opponent. Now that he had broken through to the Xiantian second stage, the pressure shouldn't be too great.
Although the sword steps were ingenious, strange, and changeable, and Luo Zheng had basically mastered them, he still needed to experiment in actual combat.
In the arena, Zhuge Xi stood upright. This Zhuge Xi had a handsome appearance, but his appearance revealed a touch of feminine aura. He held a fan in his hand, and on the fan was a drawing of eight trigrams. What made people click their tongues in amazement was that the eight trigrams weren't engraved with a pattern. Instead, it was like a living thing, slowly rotating.
"Luo Zheng, this isn't the first time I've heard this name." Zhuge Xi shook his head and said, "It seems that several people in my Family Zhuge hate you to the bone. If you weren't a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect and were protected by the Blue Cloud Sect, you would have already died hundreds of times. Well, since you are unlucky to have met me today, then let me cripple you. Listen well …"
Luo Zheng impatiently interrupted Zhuge Xi's words, "I really admire the people in your Family Zhuge. From the beginning, Zhuge Feng, to Zhuge Ye, to Zhuge Qingyun, each one is more nonsense than the other! If you want to fight, then let's fight! If you don't want to fight, then quickly admit defeat and get lost! "
As soon as Luo Zheng's words came out, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were all stunned.
They thought that Hua Tianming was crazy enough to not even draw his sword when facing the Divine Reflection Realm Yue Qi. But now, compared to Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming was simply a small child in the presence of a great sorcerer.
Hua Tianming was arrogant, but that was because he had the qualifications to be arrogant. Hua Tianming indeed didn't need to draw his sword to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm disciple.
But what qualifications did Luo Zheng have?
It was true that a Xiantian second stage brat relied on his innate divine strength and speed to maintain a complete victory until now. It was indeed amazing.
But even more people thought that Luo Zheng was just lucky and hadn't met a true powerhouse.
No matter how bad Zhuge Xi was, he was still a disciple ranked in the top 100 of the Green Cloud Proclamation. He was also a genuine Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse. Was this Luo Zheng's brain fried? Did he want to die faster?
"Okay, I won't talk nonsense. If you don't give up until you see the coffin, I'll let you understand the difference between a Divine Reflection Realm and a Xiantian life form!" Zhuge Xi was already furious. He had received a secret report from his family. If he encountered Luo Zheng in the All-Peak Tournament, he was to try his best to kill him, and his family would bear all the responsibility for him!
In fact, it wasn't just the Family Zhuge that wanted to take Luo Zheng's life in the All-Peak Tournament. There was also another disciple arranged by Zhenren Tianqiong. It was just that that disciple was in the dark and hadn't shown himself. The conflict between Zhenren Tianqiong and Luo Zheng was mixed in with Su Lingyun, so Zhenren Tianqiong still had a trace of taboo. Even if he killed Luo Zheng, it wouldn't be a "mistake".
However, the conflict between the Family Zhuge and Luo Zheng was almost public, so Zhuge Xi didn't have any taboo at all!
Without any scruples, Zhuge Xi attacked mercilessly. He waved the feather fan in his hand, and a demonic wind condensed from vital essence swept toward Luo Zheng. There was a faint wind and thunder in that demonic wind, and its power was astonishing …
In the face of Zhuge Xi's attack, Luo Zheng only took a slow step forward. That step was the "sword steps" that Hua Tianming had just used.
After defeating Yue Qi, Hua Tianming returned to where the disciples of Tianyi Peak were. He was originally resting with his eyes closed, and he wasn't very interested in the battle in the arena.
However, when he heard Luo Zheng's arrogant words, he opened his eyes in surprise. The corners of his mouth curled into a smile. He shook his head and then closed his eyes again. The world was big and there were all kinds of strange things. Everyone knew how to talk big and arrogant. However, there weren't many people who could do what they said and put their words into practice.
Just as he closed his eyes, he heard the surrounding people exclaim, "Eh, this kid also knows the sword steps?"
"It's the sword steps. Luo Zheng actually knows the sword steps!"
Everyone saw Luo Zheng use the exact same sword steps as Hua Tianming. He dashed left and right, dodging the demonic wind that Zhuge Xi brandished.
Some sharp-eyed disciples saw it at a glance, and they constantly evaluated Luo Zheng's performance. "That is indeed the sword steps. It's exactly the same as Hua Tianming's sword steps. However, it's just the form. Hua Tianming's sword steps contain sword intent. How can there be sword intent in this kid's sword steps? How laughable, how laughable! "
"Haha, Hua Tianming uses the sword steps. This kid also uses the sword steps. However, he can only copy the form and not the sword intent. What's the use?!"
These discussions continuously entered Hua Tianming's ears. Hua Tianming stared closely at Luo Zheng and watched Luo Zheng move back and forth in the arena. His sword-like eyebrows were raised high, but his heart was greatly shaken!

Chapter 237
Sword intent was originally a kind of comprehension that could only be sensed, but not explained in words. It was a kind of illusory concept.
It was precisely because of this that if one wanted to comprehend sword intent, not only did they have to practice the sword for dozens of years, but they also had to have great talent and great opportunities.
Therefore, there were many people who used the sword, but very few people who comprehended sword intent. However, almost all those who could comprehend sword intent could be said to be favored by the heavens.
Hua Tianming could see that Luo Zheng's sword steps indeed didn't contain sword intent. Moreover, what he couldn't understand was that Luo Zheng's sword steps seemed to be somewhat childish, or perhaps he wasn't very proficient in using them. It seemed as if he had just started cultivating not long ago …
However, Hua Tianming understood that the saying that Luo Zheng was imitating his sword steps was untenable.
Because sword steps were sword steps, one had to comprehend sword intent to be able to use them. There was no such thing as merely having a form. If one couldn't comprehend sword steps, they wouldn't be able to find traces of conforming to sword intent. They simply couldn't find the direction of sword intent and use it. Therefore, sword steps couldn't be deliberately "imitated".
Moreover, although Luo Zheng's movements were somewhat unpracticed, every step he took was completely in line with Hua Tianming's sword steps …
How was this possible?
Therefore, Hua Tianming couldn't figure it out no matter how much he thought about it.
Unless … Luo Zheng himself had comprehended sword intent, but he had completely restrained his sword intent.
Comprehending sword intent with the strength of Xiantian second stage?
Hua Tianming shook his head. He was really unwilling to accept this answer.
Hua Tianming was a genius. His strength wasn't necessarily the strongest on Tianyi Peak, but he received the most attention. Every genius had an unyielding heart, and so did Hua Tianming.
This kind of unyielding heart wasn't a bad thing for Hua Tianming. As long as he maintained this unyielding heart, he would have endless motivation to stride towards the peak of the martial dao.
However, Luo Zheng had really comprehended sword intent, and had even cultivated sword steps. This was too much of a blow.
Looking at Luo Zheng's unskillful sword steps and his sometimes awkward posture, this guy … could it be that he had just learned sword steps? He hadn't seen him use it before. Could it be that he comprehended it after seeing my sword steps?
Hua Tianming almost didn't dare to speculate. If his guess was true, it would be too much of a blow to his confidence!
In fact, Hua Tianming wasn't the only one who saw through this.
Shi Jingtian also stared at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze.
At Shi Jingtian's level, his understanding of various intent realms was far beyond the Azure Cloud Sect's Enlightened Masters and Elders.
Although Shi Jingtian was not a swordsman and had not comprehended sword essence, he could still see the peculiarity of Luo Zheng's body.
This brat's sword steps seemed to have been learned on the spot …
Moreover, every time he took a step, his grasp of the sword steps would improve. This kind of talent was too monstrous. A little guy at Xiantian second stage. This Peak Competition was getting more and more interesting.
While Shi Jingtian was thinking this, he saw Elder Xu beside him constantly twirling his goatee. He seemed to have noticed something as well, so Shi Jingtian asked, "Elder Xu, did you also notice something wrong?"
"Hehe, Sect Master, do you want to ask if Luo Zheng has just learned sword steps?" Elder Xu laughed.
Shi Jingtian nodded, "Although I'm not very sure, Luo Zheng's sword steps are very inexperienced. Although he is rapidly improving, I can still see it if I observe carefully."
"Just now, Sect Master didn't see it, but I saw it. When Hua Tianming and Yue Qi were fighting, Luo Zheng was imitating Hua Tianming's sword steps outside the arena. I didn't expect this kid's perception to be so amazing. In a short time, he completely copied Hua Tianming's sword steps. This talent … Tsk tsk, I saw him practicing outside the arena for only two hours. In my opinion, Luo Zheng has already comprehended sword intent, and his understanding of sword intent is not low!" Elder Xu slowly said with a smile.
Although Elder Xu's cultivation was far inferior to Sect Master Shi Jingtian's, he was a swordsman. Naturally, his comprehension of sword intent was better than Shi Jingtian's. Therefore, he could see the strangeness at a glance and came up with a reasonable explanation.
"How far do you think this kid can go in the All-Peak Competition?" Shi Jingtian suddenly asked after hearing Elder Xu's explanation.
"This … Being able to comprehend sword intent is indeed a great help to his strength. Now that he has also comprehended sword steps, this kid's talent is really amazing. However …" Elder Xu shook his head, "He is only at Xiantian Realm Stage Two. His cultivation is too low. It will be very difficult for him to defeat Zhuge Xi. It will be difficult for him to go further in the All-Peak Competition."
"Oh? Elder Xu thinks this way? But I seem to have a different opinion from Elder Xu. I think this kid can at least enter the top 30 … "Shi Jingtian laughed.
Hearing Shi Jingtian's evaluation, Elder Xu was shocked.
Entering the top 30 of the All-Peak Competition was equivalent to entering the top 30 of the Ranking List of Green Cloud.
The higher the ranking on the Ranking List of Green Cloud, the harder it was to advance!
Entering the top 100 was a hurdle. Entering the top 50 was another hurdle. Entering the top 30 was another big hurdle. It was several times more difficult than entering the top 100.
According to Sect Master Shi's words, this Luo Zheng even had the strength to compete with the pro-disciples?
Impossible …
It was already good enough that Luo Zheng could defeat Zhuge Xi. How could a Xiantian Realm Stage Two defeat a Divine Reflection Realm warrior? The Blue Cloud Sect had never had such a history.
Which of the pro-disciples wasn't a genius among geniuses?
With Elder Xu's understanding of Sect Master Shi, he was definitely not a person who would lie. However, with such a big gap in front of him, Elder Xu started to doubt his judgment. Could it be that the Sect Master saw something that he didn't?
However, since the Sect Master had said so, Elder Xu naturally wouldn't refute. He would just observe step by step.
Luo Zheng tried to restrain his sword intent as much as possible. He simply used his sword steps and constantly moved around Zhuge Xi.
Zhuge Xi waved the feather fan in her hand, and gusts of evil wind violently swept towards Luo Zheng. However, every gusts of evil wind was always a hair's breadth away from Luo Zheng!
Seeing this scene, many of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples who were originally mocking Luo Zheng gradually shut their mouths.
So what if he imitated others?
So what if he imitated Hua Tianming's sword steps?
In the end, this sword step wasn't invented by Hua Tianming. Moreover, to be able to comprehend the rules of the sword step without sword intent was in itself a manifestation of strength.
Although the sword step didn't have the support of sword intent and was only a half-baked step technique, Luo Zheng relied on it to shuttle through Zhuge Xi's gusts of evil wind. How many of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples present could do this?
"What else can you do besides running? Blindly dodging will only result in an even more miserable defeat. Do you understand? The best movement technique isn't used to escape, but to attack. You don't deserve to be a martial artist, "Zhuge Xi shouted while waving her feather fan wildly. There were already more than a dozen evil wind tornadoes moving irregularly in the entire arena. However, Luo Zheng used his sword steps to shuttle through them. Those evil wind tornadoes couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
In the face of Zhuge Xi's provocation, Luo Zheng didn't get angry at all. He maintained a faint smile on his face from beginning to end.
The reason Luo Zheng blindly dodged was that he didn't want to attack Zhuge Xi for the time being. Although Luo Zheng had mastered the sword steps, he hadn't experienced actual combat, so he was still somewhat inexperienced. He needed a lot of actual combat to improve, and Zhuge Xi was an excellent candidate.
He had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, and his strength was neither strong nor weak. He just happened to hate Zhuge Xi to the bone, so he wouldn't hold back in his attacks. It was close to a life and death battle. Such an opponent couldn't be found anywhere!
Seeing the faint smile on Luo Zheng's face, Zhuge Xi became even angrier. This brat's strange sword steps were as nimble as a rabbit. The evil wind she used her feather fan to blow out had no effect on Luo Zheng!
"Hmph, you really think I can't do anything to you if you keep running?" Zhuge Xi snorted coldly. She tightly gripped the feather fan in her hand. Suddenly, two streams of true essence appeared in her hand.
Dual-colored true essence!
Zhuge Xi's body emerged with black and white true essence!
There were very few people in this world who had dual-colored true essence. Different colors of true essence represented two different attributes of true essence, and the two types of true essence would clash in the dantian.
Even Luo Zheng, who had cultivated a trace of Heavenly Devil True Qi, had to quickly swallow and absorb all of the Purple Sandalwood True Qi in his dantian. The dantian couldn't contain two different types of true essence at the same time.
Zhuge Xi was able to cultivate black and white true essence. Either he had a special physique, and his dantian could contain different types of true essence, or he had two dantians, and each dantian could contain different types of true essence. Or his Family Zhuge had a secret method that could use special means to create a barrier in his dantian.
After the black and white true essence surged out, it drilled into the eight trigrams pattern on the feather fan in his hand. Then, the eight trigrams pattern on the feather fan in Zhuge Xi's hand began to spin rapidly.
Then, Zhuge Xi raised the feather fan high. Facing Luo Zheng, he revealed a sinister smile and fiercely slapped at Luo Zheng!
"Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut!"
The feather fan in Zhuge Xi's hand was also a high-grade spiritual weapon, called the Yin and Yang Fan.
This Yin and Yang Fan was actually a replica of an ancient fairy weapon, the "True Essence Eight Trigrams Fan". With just a light wave of the True Essence Eight Trigrams Fan, it could create a terrifying giant tornado, enough to destroy heaven and earth. It was very terrifying. Although the Yin and Yang Fan was far inferior to the "True Essence Eight Trigrams Fan" as a replica, it still inherited one-tenth of its power.
With the support of Zhuge Xi's two-colored true essence, the wind in the whole fighting arena suddenly became stronger!
A huge tornado appeared in the fighting arena, covering the whole fighting arena. Around the tornado, green wind blades ruthlessly cut the light barrier of the fighting arena, making a series of crackling sounds.
"Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut has no blind spots. As long as you are in the fighting arena, you will be attacked. Let's see how you dodge!" As Zhuge Xi spoke, he continued to wave the Yin and Yang Fan in his hand. Under his wave, the huge tornado became faster and faster!
Indeed, Luo Zheng had no place to dodge. After all, the whirlwind had almost taken up the entire arena.
If he wanted to dodge, he could only hide outside the fighting arena.
"Slash …"
With a little carelessness, several wind blades swept past Luo Zheng's back. Those sharp wind blades immediately cut open the disciple robe on Luo Zheng's back.
"Run? Let's see how you can run now!" Zhuge Xi waved the feather fan even faster, and the power of the tornado gradually became stronger.

Chapter 238
The Soaring Phoenix crystal in Luo Zheng's right arm was a very special kind of crystal. It was said that in ancient times, Soaring Phoenix crystal was a feather of a Phoenix that flew across the sky.
After the feather fell, it was wrapped in pine tree resin. After thousands of years of evolution, the feather contained a trace of space law, which spread into the resin and took the form of a crystal.
This was just a legend. In fact, no one knew how Soaring Phoenix crystal was formed.
However, the refiners of the Eastern region had discovered the characteristics of Soaring Phoenix crystal. When Soaring Phoenix crystal was embedded in a weapon, it could reduce the weight of the weapon.
After embedding Soaring Phoenix crystal, a thousand-kilogram broadsword would only weigh less than two hundred kilograms.
Although Soaring Phoenix crystal was rare, but since ancient times, there were still many Soaring Phoenix crystal embedded in weapons. However, there was not a single Soaring Phoenix crystal embedded in a human body!
After all, there was still a big difference between the human body and a weapon. Only because Luo Zheng practiced a strange refining method and refined his body into a weapon, it was possible to embed Soaring Phoenix crystal in his weapon.
Facing Zhuge Xi's Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut, Luo Zheng gently activated the Soaring Phoenix crystal in his right arm and poured the energy of the Soaring Phoenix crystal into his body.
With the influx of energy of the Soaring Phoenix crystal, Luo Zheng felt the weight of his body rapidly reducing … …
"Whoosh … …"
Luo Zheng moved along with a gust of wind.
He did not use any strength, but after the weight of his body was reduced, this gust of wind naturally lifted him up. Now, he was fluttering in the wind, following the path of the wind, constantly rotating in the arena.
"Ah, Luo Zheng is flying!"
"How is it possible that only Divine realm martial artists can fly? How is it possible that he can fly?"
"No, it seems that he is being blown up by the wind. He is only at Xiantian second stage. It is impossible for him to fly."
"What a joke, blown up by the wind? Do you think his kite is flying? Even if Zhuge Xi's gust of wind can blow people up, it is not like this! "
Xiao Yufeng's disciples shouted. They could not figure out how Luo Zheng was doing it.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was constantly rotating in the arena along with the whirlwind. Because he was flying with the wind, the wind blades produced by the whirlwind were moving at the same speed, so those wind blades could not do anything to Luo Zheng.
Zhuge Xi, who was standing in the middle of the arena, had his mouth wide open at this moment, and his face was full of a ghost's expression.
Flying was not difficult for him. Zhuge Xi's cultivation of wind Zhen Yuan......... that he was extremely sensitive to the flow of the air and wind, but he did not expect Luo Zheng to be able to fly with the wind.........
Hearing the discussions of the other disciples, Zhuge Xi also couldn't figure it out. Could it be that this fellow was really like a kite, able to fly with the help of the wind?
If Luo Zheng continued to follow Zhuge Xi's whirlwind, then he really couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
............ Zhuge Xi frowned slightly and raised the feather fan in his hand again. This time, Zhuge Xi suddenly fanned in the opposite direction.
Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut was to use the Yin and Yang Fan in his hand to release Zhen Yuan and use it to disturb the flow of the air, forming a huge whirlwind. Zhuge Xi himself could control the wind blades in the whirlwind.
It could be said that he could use the wind blades to cut everything within the range of the whirlwind into pieces.
However, Luo Zheng was flying with the wind, so he could avoid those dense wind blades.
Seeing that the Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut had no effect on Luo Zheng, Zhuge Xi could only fan in the opposite direction …
This was equivalent to releasing two Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cuts at the same time. Zhuge Xi had never done this before, so he could not predict what would happen.
"Woo —"
The two powerful whirlwinds collided with each other in opposite directions. The whirlwinds cut each other and produced a series of ear-piercing sounds. After cutting each other, they produced even greater turbulence and collided with each other at different angles. The situation in the entire arena was very chaotic, and it looked very frightening.
Many disciples had fearful expressions on their faces as they sucked in a deep breath of cold air.
Previously, the Divine Reflection Realm disciples did not use their full strength to deal with the Xiantian Full Circle disciples. Even the battle between Hua Tianming and Yue Qi was basically at the point of stopping. It was very exciting, but far from fierce.
But now, Zhuge Xi broke out such a terrifying power. Many disciples were imagining that if they were caught in the whirlwind, they would be shredded into pieces in less than a breath's time …
Even Zhuge Xi herself looked nervous as she stood firmly in the center.
The Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut contained the word "chaos" because it was difficult for Zhuge Xi to control the whirlwind after summoning it. With him as the center, everything within a radius of hundreds of feet would be shredded by the wind blades.
However, there was a wind eye in this whirlwind, which was the center of the whirlwind. The power of the wind in the center was not so terrifying.
However, when the two whirlwinds collided, the situation was different. The two whirlwinds had the same wind speed and power, but their directions were completely opposite. When the two whirlwinds collided, all the airflow in the arena became chaotic. Even the absolutely safe eye of the whirlwinds was somewhat unreliable at this moment.
Therefore, Zhuge Xi had to feel the changes in the airflow at all times. If the airflow changed, the wind eye would also change. He had to move with the wind eye to ensure his own safety. Otherwise, he would be injured by the wind blades.
Luo Zheng's body was as light as a swallow. He was blown up into the sky and allowed the chaotic airflow to push him, dancing with the wind.
Zhuge Xi's wind blades were fierce, but compared with Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi, they were much weaker.
Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi was condensed with a very terrifying Sword Essence. If he was hit by the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng had no doubt that he would be cut in two. Unless Luo Zheng could upgrade his body to a fairy weapon, he might be able to resist Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi.
In fact, Zhuge Xi's cultivation method was not suitable for one-on-one combat. On the contrary, if he went to the battlefield to kill the enemy, Zhuge Xi's Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Blades could play a huge role. The Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Blades covered a large area and could pull warriors with low cultivation into shreds.
In fact, the clansmen of the Family Zhuge Clan were not suitable for one-on-one combat. They had inherited many cultivation methods from the Family Zhuge, including some military strategies and a large number of tactical formations. This was also the reason why the Family Zhuge Clan arranged for their clansmen to serve as counselors in the Imperial Army. They were originally suitable for leading troops.
Therefore, even if these wind blades could cut his disciple robe, they could not penetrate his Spiritual Weapon body with their power!
Gusts of strong wind swept Luo Zheng. He was like a small butterfly in the wind and rain, or a small boat in the storm. From time to time, he was covered by huge waves, but in the blink of an eye, he was able to withstand them.
Many people were worried for Luo Zheng.
After all, the Full-Peak Competition was used to assess the strength of the disciples.
Except for the top 50, very few people would fight to the death in the group stage.
It didn't matter if they lost one or two matches in the group stage. As long as they could get out of the group stage, they would achieve their goal. Some disciples would even choose to admit defeat on purpose in order to hide their strength and not expose their trump cards too quickly when they encountered a strong opponent, even if they had some confidence in defeating the opponent.
It was unwise to fight to the death in the group stage.
The reason why this happened was that Luo Zheng would not admit defeat. Now Luo Zheng had thoroughly understood his Martial Arts Heart.
If he wanted to set foot on the peak of Martial Arts, there was no possibility of taking advantage of opportunities. Even if he knew that there were thorns in front of him, Luo Zheng would still clench his teeth and break through them instead of choosing to go around them.
It was also possible to take a step back and go around them, but over time, this state of mind would slowly fade away. After all, the path of a martial artist would not go far. If he really wanted to go far on this path, he could not have the slightest idea of taking advantage of opportunities. Whether it was thorns or hell, he could only grit his teeth and move forward bravely!
The reason why Zhuge Xi did his best was that his Family Zhuge Clan had a grudge against Luo Zheng. If he could kill Luo Zheng in the arena, it would be the best choice.
When the two people's motives met, they began to fight to the death!
As the wind in the arena became stronger and stronger, the aura became more and more chaotic. All kinds of strange-shaped blades were constantly produced in the collision, shooting out aimlessly.
"Puff …"
A wind blade cut toward Luo Zheng from the front, penetrating his robe and hitting his body.
Luo Zheng let out a muffled groan, but he was secretly delighted. The wind blade did not cause any harm to him. It could not even scratch his skin, only leaving a shallow mark. Instead, the impact on his body turned into a warm current that began to cleanse his body.
Since these wind blades could not cause any harm to him, there was no need to dodge. Instead, he could directly hit those wind blades with his body!
Before, Luo Zheng had been trying to curl up his body as much as possible, but now he stretched out his hands and feet, and his whole body was completely stretched out.
"Luo Zheng is lucky. He has only been cut by the wind blade for the first time, but I'm afraid this cut will not be pleasant! I'm afraid that even his intestines will be cut off! "
"Haha, the Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cutter is so powerful. It's really lucky that he hasn't been shredded into pieces. However, this is just the beginning. If there are a few more wind blades, he will probably be turned into a human stick …"
"Why doesn't he admit defeat? If it were me, I would have admitted defeat long ago. Where there is life, there is hope. Even if he fails in this year's competition, he can still make a comeback in three years. Regardless of his strength, he is really a madman! "
While many disciples were talking, Luo Zheng continued to attack. Suddenly, a large number of wind blades appeared!
Seeing the large number of wind blades, many female disciples screamed. It could be imagined that the next scene would be a bloody one.
The referee presiding over the competition looked very serious at this moment. According to the rules of the arena, as long as Luo Zheng admitted defeat, he would immediately save Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to hit those wind blades, he was waiting for Luo Zheng to shout "admit defeat"!

Chapter 239
"Luo Zheng … just admit defeat!"
On the Xiao Yufeng, Teacher Wen and all the other disciples were muttering silently. At this moment, they weren't worried about Luo Zheng's victory or defeat, but Luo Zheng's life!
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was right in front of them, crashing into the Wind Blades.
The densely packed Wind Blades slashed at Luo Zheng from all directions without any blind spots. These Wind Blades didn't have a fixed shape, nor did they have any blind spots. Just like that, all of them slashed into Luo Zheng's body.
"Pu pu pu pu pu …"
An extremely dense muffled sound could be heard.
Luo Zheng's disciple robe was still very new. Luo Zheng hadn't worn it for a long time. When the Wind Blades slashed onto Luo Zheng's body, his robe was instantly cut into countless pieces.
From another angle, Luo Zheng was like a firecracker that exploded in an instant. Those tiny pieces of cloth scattered in all directions …
"This is the end. Luo Zheng should have been cut into pieces …"
A disciple muttered. However, just as he was halfway through his sentence, he couldn't continue. When those pieces of cloth scattered, this disciple saw a completely naked body!
It was an almost perfect body. The smooth skin emitted a bronze metallic luster as if it was made of brass. Every part of the body was well-proportioned and full of strength. More importantly, this body didn't have any scars!
Looking at it carefully, one could see that there were some small white marks on Luo Zheng's body. These white marks proved that the Wind Blades had indeed landed on Luo Zheng's skin. However, there weren't any wounds on his body …
"He, he actually resisted those Wind Blades head-on!" This disciple almost roared. His face was full of disbelief.
There was no need for him to say anything. Everyone had already seen this strange scene.
Even the high and mighty Shi Jingtian, who was originally calm and collected, suddenly stood up. He opened his eyes wide and sized up Luo Zheng's naked body!
Even the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak widened their eyes as they looked at Luo Zheng's naked body in the battle arena. They were so stunned that they couldn't say anything. Only after a moment, when their gazes noticed Luo Zheng's lower body, their faces flushed red. Immediately after, they screamed and turned their heads away. Some even covered their eyes with their hands, but they still couldn't help secretly sizing up Luo Zheng.
On the side of the direct disciples, there was a female disciple who didn't avoid looking at Luo Zheng's almost perfect body. She pursed her lips, and her eyes were full of excitement. She smiled and said, "Senior Brother Pei, it seems that you were boasting before. I'm afraid that even your Golden Bell Shield can't compare to Luo Zheng's body!"
Senior Brother Pei specialized in Buddhist cultivation methods. He paid the most attention to one's temperament. He wouldn't be pleased by external gains, nor would he be saddened by personal gain. His temperament was steady, and even if something big happened, he would still be as calm as water. However, at this moment, he still couldn't hide the shock in his eyes. Hearing Junior Sister Mo's words, he laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "Haha, Junior Sister Mo is right. I still underestimated him. This kid's body is far stronger than I imagined.
I really don't know how he cultivated this body … "After reaching the Xiantian realm, martial artists of the Eastern Domain would focus on Essence Gathering. Their cultivation of the body was basically at a stagnant stage. Very few people would choose to dual cultivate! Therefore, the difference between a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse's body and a Marrow Refining Realm disciple's body wasn't too great. The real difference between them was True Essence.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's display of such a terrifying body was truly shocking!
"It's getting more and more interesting. I still want to drill two holes in his body! I want to see him beg for mercy in front of me! "Junior Sister Mo's beautiful face was full of uncontrollable excitement.
Senior Brother Pei smiled faintly and said, "His body is so strong. I'm afraid Junior Sister Mo won't be able to drill a hole in it."
Junior Sister Mo curled her lips and said, "How can you say I'm different when we haven't even fought? I'm not trash like Zhuge Xi. I can cripple a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator like Zhuge Xi in the blink of an eye!"
Senior Brother Pei shook his head and didn't say anything else. Instead, he paid attention to the battle on the field.
Many disciples participating in the All-Peak Grand Competition were shocked by Luo Zheng's performance.
But the one who was the most shocked was Zhuge Xi. When he saw Luo Zheng collide with the wind blades, he knew that Luo Zheng would die without a doubt!
The Zhuge Clan had already promised that if he could kill Luo Zheng, he would be rewarded with a Splendid Jade Pill. The Splendid Jade Pill was indisputably precious. Even the elders of the Zhuge Clan would find it difficult to obtain one. For a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator like him, it was a great supplement that could greatly improve his cultivation.
However, they could only watch helplessly as Luo Zheng crashed into the blade, watched helplessly as he was cut into pieces by the blade, and then watched helplessly as he flew out unscathed. Only his clothes were cut off, but his body was unscathed.
"This, this …"
Zhuge Xi was speechless. If even this couldn't kill Luo Zheng, what else could he say?
Could it be that he had to use that move? Zhuge Xi clenched his teeth and hesitated. He couldn't make up his mind.
With Luo Zheng's current defense, he couldn't break it at all. Unless Zhuge Xi damaged his own essence and blood to launch one of his forbidden moves!
The power of this forbidden move was too terrifying. Even Zhuge Xi himself couldn't control it well. Moreover, it would damage his own essence and blood, which was a move that hurt himself as well as the enemy.
At this moment, several wind blades suddenly appeared around Zhuge Xi and cut towards him.
"Oh no, the two whirlwinds intertwined with each other and finally disrupted the eye of the wind …" At this time, Zhuge Xi's position was not safe. He could only try his best to avoid the wind blades in the field.
Even Zhuge Xi himself was unable to control the Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Slash after releasing it. Hence, a good fight had turned into a competition between the two of them to see who could last until the end while dodging the wind blades.
The key problem was that Luo Zheng's physical body was so strong that he was not afraid of being cut by the wind blades. However, Zhuge Xi's physical body was different. Even if a wind blade cut his body, it would be able to cut his entire body in half.
For a time, Zhuge Xi looked very embarrassed to avoid the wind blades. Although Zhuge Xi was in the Divine Reflection Realm and could fly, the wind blades didn't appear in the eye of the wind. There was no pattern to them.
What made Zhuge Xi even more depressed was that he didn't only have to avoid the wind blades, but also Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng was carried by the wind and fluttered around, but he didn't give up the opportunity to attack Zhuge Xi. Just as a gust of wind wrapped Luo Zheng and pushed him towards Zhuge Xi, he suddenly landed and went straight to Zhuge Xi.
With Luo Zheng's current means, he had many ways to defeat Zhuge Xi, but he still chose the simplest and most violent way: fists.
A mere Zhuge Xi had such strength. Luo Zheng would encounter even more powerhouses in the future, and the pressure would be even greater. Luo Zheng had no choice but to carefully protect all his trump cards. If possible, he didn't want others to find out that his body was so strong. After all, a strong body was also one of Luo Zheng's trump cards.
Unfortunately, he couldn't control himself and could only crash into the wind blades. The disciple robe on his body was cut to pieces … …
Fighting naked like this made people feel strange. Since that was the case, he might as well end this fight.
Seeing Luo Zheng rushing towards him, Zhuge Xi reflexively dodged. Luo Zheng's body was so strong that he definitely wouldn't be weak. If he took this punch, he might not be able to take it.
Zhuge Xi's judgment was still very strong, but his luck was a little bad. Because the moment he wanted to retreat, a wind blade suddenly appeared behind him.
Dodge those wind blades? He would inevitably take Luo Zheng's fist.
Dodge Luo Zheng's fist? He would most likely be cut by the wind blades.
At that moment, his survival instinct made him choose to face Luo Zheng's fist. Therefore, his figure flashed, and he avoided the wind blades behind him. Then, Luo Zheng's fist came smashing towards him.
After being hit by Luo Zheng's fist, Zhuge Xi regretted it.
If he had to choose again, he would most likely choose to be cut by those wind blades.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's huge power gathered in his fist, and his fist heavily smashed into Zhuge Xi's body. Zhuge Xi's whole body was like a sandbag, sent flying by Luo Zheng's fist. Moreover, because Luo Zheng came from the side, Zhuge Xi's body was constantly rotating while flying.
In the end, his body stuck tightly to the light curtain barrier, and he slowly slid down from the light curtain barrier. Zhuge Xi's last thought was that he didn't have time to use his forbidden technique … …
Then, his eyes rolled back, and he fainted.
Only at this moment did the judge, who had been expressionless since the beginning, heave a sigh of relief. He hurriedly charged into the arena, and with a wave of his hand, he suppressed the chaotic airflow in the arena before he announced, "Little Rain Peak's disciple, Luo Zheng, is victorious!"
Luo Zheng's naked body took a step forward, and he jumped down from the arena.
Xiao Yufeng's Teacher Wen hurriedly rushed over, and threw a set of disciple robes to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng quickly put them on.
"Well done! Luo Zheng, you actually defeated Zhuge Xi! Amazing! "Teacher Wen was already unable to suppress the excitement in his heart.
This was different from the previous matches. Although Luo Zheng's previous opponents were quite strong, they weren't ranked high on the Proclamation of Azure Sky. But this time, who was Luo Zheng's opponent? The Divine Reflection Realm Zhuge Xi! Zhuge Xi's strength was ranked 83 on the Proclamation of Azure Sky.
In other words, it was almost certain that Luo Zheng would enter the top 100 of the Proclamation of Azure Sky!
Perhaps it was just like what Zuo Yun said, Xiao Yufeng could really change because of Luo Zheng alone.
The most frightening thing was that Luo Zheng was only 17 years old, and he was only at Xiantian stage two.
How could a Xiantian stage two enter the top 100 of the Proclamation of Azure Sky? If one day Luo Zheng broke through the Xiantian stage and stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, wouldn't he be able to dominate the Proclamation of Azure Sky and obtain first place in the All-Peak Competition?
Teacher Wen estimated that this wouldn't be too far away. Perhaps Luo Zheng would be able to achieve this in the next All-Peak Competition.

Chapter 240
From the very beginning, Luo Zheng had attracted the attention of all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect when he stepped onto the stage.
However, the reason that attracted everyone's attention at that time was not Luo Zheng's strength, but his cultivation level. It was not that his cultivation level was too high, but that it was too low.
Although Wang Yun from the previous competition was also at Xiantian second stage, what was his status? He was a pro-disciple, and to be selected as a pro-disciple, he must have an unparalleled talent.
As for Luo Zheng, he was from the last place, Xiao Yufeng, so no one thought that Luo Zheng was outstanding. On the contrary, they pitied Xiao Yufeng for not being able to send a decent disciple to participate in the competition. At that time, many disciples from other peaks were very depressed, thinking that many of their peaks' peak Xiantian experts couldn't participate in the competition, but Xiao Yufeng, a little guy at Xiantian second stage, was actually qualified. This Xiao Yufeng was too strange.
As the following battles continued, Luo Zheng's innate divine strength did attract a small number of people's attention, but most people thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't go far. So what if he had innate divine strength? The strength of a warrior never depended on the strength of his body, but on the True Yuan in his Dantian.
Even though Luo Zheng won all the way, many disciples either thought that he was lucky, or didn't know how Luo Zheng won. Except for Xiao Yufeng, not many people acknowledged his strength.
However, in this battle, Luo Zheng defeated Zhuge Xi.
Just like Hua Tianming, he defeated a Divine Reflection expert with the strength of a Xiantian expert.
Most people didn't want to compare Luo Zheng with Hua Tianming.
It was enough for the Blue Cloud Sect to have a monstrous Hua Tianming. Hua Tianming's performance was already shocking enough, so why bother to have another Luo Zheng?
But thinking about it carefully, Luo Zheng's achievements in the battle with Zhuge Xi were actually more terrifying than Hua Tianming's!
After all, Hua Tianming was at the Xiantian Full Circle. His strength was only a fine line away from the Divine Reflection Realm Yue Qi.
What was Luo Zheng's strength? Xiantian second stage! The difference between a Xiantian stage two and a Divine Reflection stage was huge!
Three years ago, even his personal disciple, Wang Yun, wasn't able to achieve such a result, but Luo Zheng did it. He defeated Zhuge Xi, who was ranked 83rd …
But then again, although Luo Zheng's performance in the battle with Zhuge Xi was extremely stunning, most people still thought that Luo Zheng was inferior to Hua Tianming.
The reason for this impression was that Hua Tianming had already made a name for himself in the Blue Cloud Sect. Before the All-Peak Competition began, Hua Tianming had the strength to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist. Everyone had subtly accepted Hua Tianming as a genius and felt that such a genius should surpass them.
This was often the case between people. When a person was about the same as you, you might try to surpass him, but when a person was much stronger than you and had too many evildoers, you would often give up and take the initiative to admit the gap between you and him.
But not long ago, everyone thought that Luo Zheng was like a clown and that he had come to the All-Peak Competition to make a fool of himself.
But not long after, everyone was surprised to find that Luo Zheng was not a clown. Everyone who looked down on him was a clown!
The strength that Luo Zheng had shown had ruthlessly slapped these people in the face.
Therefore, they needed to find someone in their hearts who was more evildoer and more powerful than Luo Zheng. Therefore, everyone chose Hua Tianming.
Soon, some disciples who found it difficult to accept began to discuss the talent and strength of Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, but most people obviously leaned towards Hua Tianming.
"So what if Luo Zheng defeated Zhuge Xi? Zhuge Xi is not good at one-on-one fights. His cultivation method is suitable for group battles! "
"If he meets Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng can only lie down and lose!"
"Indeed, Luo Zheng relies on his innate divine strength and his tyrannical body. He must have eaten some rare treasures or picked up some special opportunity to become like this. It has nothing to do with talent. A seventeen-year-old at the Xiantian second stage. This talent can only be said to be ordinary, but Hua Tianming is different. He has walked step by step until now, without the slightest bit of opportunism …"
"What's more, Hua Tianming has not fully shown his strength. He has not even drawn his sword! The only thing that Luo Zheng relies on is his body. If he meets a truly powerful person, so what if his body is strong? He can wear you down to death! "
Similar discussions were happening on almost every mountain peak, except for Xiao Yufeng.
When the disciples of Xiao Yufeng heard these remarks, they were also indignant. However, the number of Xiao Yufeng disciples present was too small, so it naturally did not affect the popularity of the above remarks.
The scope of the discussion was no longer limited to the scene of the Peak Competition.
All the 33 peaks had a letter tablet, which allowed them to watch the battles of the Peak Competition from all angles. Now, the inner and outer disciples of every peak were basically discussing this issue.
In the inner gate of Jiuzhang Peak, at this moment, a group of inner disciples were gathered in front of the letter tablet, arguing fiercely.
Most of them thought that Hua Tianming was better. This situation did not only happen in the fighting arena, but also in the disciples who could not be present in person.
Only a very small number of disciples thought that Luo Zheng was more powerful. Luo Zheng was able to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist with the strength of the Xiantian second stage. If Luo Zheng practiced to the peak of the Xiantian realm, he should be more powerful than Hua Tianming.
"Needless to say, Luo Zheng must be more powerful!" A young man on Jiuzhang Peak shook his head and said.
"Come on, Zhao Zhao, your head is on your ass. Do you know that Hua Tianming has comprehended the Basic Sword Essence? Hua Tianming didn't use his full strength. If he drew his sword, he could cut Luo Zheng's body and cut him into several pieces just by using the Sword Essence! "Someone immediately retorted.
"So what? Hua Tianming hid his strength. Didn't Luo Zheng hide his strength? " Zhao Zhao curled his lips and said. His strength was ranked at the top of the Ninety Feet Peak, but unfortunately, he had lost the Challenge Tournament before the All-Peak Grand Competition, so he had no chance to participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition this year. Therefore, relatively speaking, his strength was enough to rank first among the disciples who did not participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition.
"You think Luo Zheng will win, then do you dare to bet on Luo Zheng? If you have the ability, bet all your wealth on Luo Zheng to win! "Someone else retorted.
Since the beginning of the Peak Competition, many people had started gambling. According to the strength of each disciple, all the disciples could bet.
The Blue Cloud Sect also turned a blind eye to gambling. After all, many of the bookmakers were descendants of landowning families.
Now, Hua Tianming's odds were 1: 1.2, while Luo Zheng's odds were 1: 3.5. The lower the odds, the more people believed in someone's strength. In contrast, Hua Tianming's odds were much lower than Luo Zheng's. Just from the odds, it could be seen that people were more inclined to believe that Hua Tianming was more powerful.
Hearing those people's words, Zhao Zhao laughed. "How do you know I didn't bet on him? Let me tell you, I bet all my wealth on Luo Zheng at the beginning, and now it has more than tripled. Do you want to see how many crystal stones I have? You're scared to death! I'll still bet on him next! I'll still bet all my wealth. Do you dare to bet all your wealth on Hua Tianming? "
Zhao Zhao's words stunned those people from the Nine Zhang Peak.
Although Hua Tianming's strength was strong, he was not invincible. After all, Hua Tianming was still at the peak of the Xiantian realm, and those personal disciples had not made a move yet. Moreover, there were people from the 33 peaks who could defeat Hua Tianming. For example, Xie Yun and Wu Xie, who were from the same peak as Hua Tianming, and Bai Yun and Zhou Dan from the Black Rock Peak, were all geniuses. Moreover, they were all Divine Reflection experts. There was a high chance that they could defeat Hua Tianming!
Naturally, no lunatic would dare to bet all his wealth on Hua Tianming. It didn't matter if Hua Tianming lost a match, he could still participate in the group competition. If he lost once with all his wealth … it would be troublesome.
But this lunatic Zhao Zhao dared to bet!
Moreover, he had a crazy plan, which was to bet all his wealth on Luo Zheng in every match!
If it was really as he guessed, and Luo Zheng won every match, then his value would continuously double, explosively increasing by hundreds or even thousands of times!
Why did Zhao Zhao dare to do this?
Others said he was crazy, but Zhao Zhao knew very well that he was not. On the contrary, he trusted his intuition very much, or rather, he trusted Luo Zheng's strength.
He was the only one who had experienced Luo Zheng's monstrous talent at close range, and also the only one who knew how powerful Luo Zheng's sword intent was!
It was his first time practicing the sword, and he had condensed sword intent on his first practice. Moreover, he had passed the eighth level of the Seven Stars Spectroscopic Platform. A guy like Luo Zheng could no longer be described as a genius. He could already be described as a monstrous talent.
Through Xin Gui, he saw that when Luo Zheng displayed the sword steps, everyone was laughing at Luo Zheng for imitating others and making a fool of himself. But Zhao Zhao didn't laugh. He had been carefully observing all along, and his heart was full of shock. He saw that Luo Zheng's sword steps were childish and immature. He also saw that Luo Zheng had just started practicing the sword steps. He also saw that Luo Zheng's sword steps were learned from Hua Tianming.
To be able to display the sword steps after only seeing it once, and to use it in actual combat, this kind of thing was very absurd and unbelievable. But Zhao Zhao understood that Luo Zheng could indeed do it. With his monstrous talent, this was nothing.
Because he had seen Luo Zheng's monstrous side with his own eyes.
Therefore, Zhao Zhao looked at Xin Gui full of confidence, revealing a playful smile.
"Come on, Luo Zheng. I, Zhao Zhao, like to gamble. But over the years, I've lost more than I've won. This time, let me make a big gamble and win well!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 241
Round after round of matches were carried out on the arena without a break.
The disciples with poor strength were eliminated, while the disciples with tyrannical strength advanced all the way.
Luo Zheng didn't encounter any real strong opponents in the following matches, and almost all of them were Xiantian Full Circle disciples.
In the beginning, there were two Xiantian Full Circle disciples who seemed to be unconvinced. These two came from Huan Ling Peak and Hei Yan Peak. Although they were only Xiantian Full Circle disciples, they were still able to squeeze into the Peak Competition from the top two peaks. This showed that they were still quite strong, and at least ranked at the top of the Xiantian Full Circle disciples.
As for Luo Zheng being able to defeat Zhuge Xi, they believed that luck accounted for a considerable part. Holding on to this fantasy, they began to fight with Luo Zheng. The result was predictable. Luo Zheng used his iron fist to let them understand that strength was strength, and there was no possibility of deception.
After teaching two Xiantian Full Circle disciples a lesson with his fists in succession, Luo Zheng's opponents soon sobered up. Luo Zheng couldn't be measured by realm at all. Although they felt that Luo Zheng wasn't as good as Hua Tianming, but his real strength was estimated to be not much worse than Hua Tianming.
Therefore, the following matches were relatively easy. They could either symbolically exchange a few moves with Luo Zheng, or directly admit defeat. The Xiantian Full Circle disciples who were able to reach this stage were basically certain that they could advance from the group. If they couldn't advance, then so be it if they lost. Why should they provoke Luo Zheng and get beaten up? Those who could advance also didn't care about losing this match. They didn't want to fight to the death with a monster like Luo Zheng.
So far, the strength of the genius disciples of the 33 peaks had gradually sunk.
So far, Luo Zheng was the only one who had a winning streak. Luo Zheng had already won 11 consecutive battles, and had never tasted defeat. This result was already heaven-defying, because there were still several valuable battles in this winning streak, such as the battle with Hei Ming and the battle with Zhuge Xi.
Hua Tianming was also on a winning streak. In comparison, his sharpness was even brighter than Luo Zheng's, and the quality of his winning streak was even higher, because in this group competition, he had already encountered three Divine Reflection Realm martial art masters; whether it was Jadeite Peak's Yue Qi, Nine Zhang Peak's Xu Ziling, or Vulture Peak's sole Divine Reflection Realm martial art master, Ma Xu, each and every one of them was not to be underestimated.
And during this process, Hua Tianming still did not draw his sword.
A swordsman's greatest weapon was his sword, but Hua Tianming did not draw his sword. This meant that he had only revealed twenty to thirty percent of his strength. His hidden combat strength was hard to imagine.
Therefore, at this time, many people asserted that Hua Tianming was very likely to win first place in the Peak Competition with his Xiantian Full Circle cultivation base! This record had never appeared in the history of the Blue Cloud Sect.
As for Luo Zheng, although the strength he had shown so far was astonishing, after all, his cultivation base and realm were too low. Everyone agreed that Luo Zheng had not encountered a real martial art master. If he encountered a Divine Reflection Realm martial art master from Tianyi Peak or Hei Yan Peak, perhaps Luo Zheng's winning streak would come to an abrupt end, and it would be even more impossible for him to clash with those personal disciples.
In addition to Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, Quan Xiaoyan from Jade Maiden Peak also had an amazing performance. Although Quan Xiaoyan had not reached Xiantian Full Circle, she had also defeated several Xiantian Full Circle martial art masters with her Xiantian ninth stage strength, as well as a Divine Reflection Realm martial art master, and maintained her winning streak.
Now, there were a total of thirteen people who maintained their winning streak. Among them, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Quan Xiaoyan were all Xiantian lifeforms. The other nine were Xie Yun and Wu Xie from Tianyi Peak, Bai Yun and Zhou Dan from Hei Peak, Zhu Fanhai from Huanling Peak, Meng Shengdian from Carefree Peak, and Huang Xuan from Tianshui Peak.
Now, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were very much looking forward to these thirteen people clashing.
Because these thirteen people wanted to maintain their winning streaks, they had to end their opponents' winning streaks. Therefore, they would certainly go all out, and the battle would be very exciting. It would be very difficult for them to directly admit defeat or passively accept the challenge.
The Blue Cloud Sect's allocation system did not disappoint everyone.
In this round, Luo Zheng's opponent was assigned.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus Zhou Dan of Hei Peak!" The referee announced.
The referee's words immediately caused a heated discussion among the crowd.
"Luo Zheng's winning streak should end here. His opponent is Zhou Dan. So far, Zhou Dan has also been winning streaks. Moreover, he is a top disciple of Hei Peak, and his ranking on the Honor Roll of Green Cloud is in the fifties!"
"I'll immediately place an order and bet on Zhou Dan's victory. However, the odds seem a bit too low. Everyone is not optimistic about Luo Zheng's chances. Should I take advantage of the dark horse and bet on Luo Zheng?"
"Luo Zheng can't possibly be Zhou Dan's opponent. Moreover, I think Luo Zheng will directly admit defeat. Anyway, winning streaks are just an honor. He has won so many matches in a row that he has already qualified. Winning or losing is meaningless. Moreover, Luo Zheng previously beat up Hei Ming, a disciple of Hei Peak. Hei Ming, a disciple of Hei Peak, has already been warned. Luo Zheng will definitely suffer a great loss if he meets Zhou Dan. Zhou Dan will not only defeat Luo Zheng, but will also teach Luo Zheng a lesson!"
No matter how amazing Luo Zheng's performance was, everyone felt that Luo Zheng could not defeat Zhou Dan.
It could also be seen from the betting odds that Luo Zheng defeated Zhou Dan, the odds were one to nine! Zhou Dan defeated Luo Zheng, the odds were only one to one. This showed that most people thought that Zhou Dan would definitely defeat Luo Zheng.
After hearing the referee's announcement, Luo Zheng prepared to enter the arena.
Beside him, Mentor Wen just wanted to say something, but Luo Zheng immediately smiled and said, "Mentor Wen, please don't say anything …"
Almost every time Luo Zheng wasn't sure of winning the battle, Mentor Wen would be like a little wife, repeatedly warning Luo Zheng. Moreover, he would say the same words over and over again, "You must protect yourself well. It's okay if you lose. If you can't beat her, just admit defeat. Anyway, you have already entered the next round …"
Luo Zheng could almost recite these words backwards.
Mentor Wen smiled awkwardly, but changed his words, "Previously, you beat up Hei Ming, a disciple of Hei Peak. Hei Ming must be harboring a grudge against you and won't let it go. I'm afraid that Zhou Dan will fight you to the death."
However, Luo Zheng turned around and said seriously, "Mentor Wen, no matter who I fight against, I will go all out! I won't back down even half a point. "
Seeing Luo Zheng speak so seriously, Mentor Wen's heart was slightly shaken …
Although he had always said that he was optimistic about Luo Zheng and had always regarded Luo Zheng as Xiao Yufeng's only hope, in fact, Mentor Wen himself still had doubts about Luo Zheng's strength. Although Luo Zheng had repeatedly broken Mentor Wen's and everyone's guesses and won all the way until now, this didn't give Mentor Wen a strong confidence. On the contrary, he was worried about personal gains and losses.
It couldn't be helped. Mentor Wen really couldn't believe that Luo Zheng could rush to first place among the direct disciples and the top experts of the 33 peaks …
However, seeing Luo Zheng so serious, Mentor Wen's heart was shaken. Luo Zheng's mentality was a typical expert's mentality. Even if the chances of reaching the top were slim, he still fought with the belief that he would win. Only this kind of person would never be afraid! He could fully display his strength at any time.
"I'm sorry, Luo Zheng. You're right. You must go all out in every battle! I believe you can do it! "Mentor Wen took a deep breath and said slowly.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded, then stepped into the arena.
On the Nine Zhang Peak, Zhao Zhao's eyes were as wide as copper bells. He stared at Xin Gui and didn't even dare to blink.
He had just bought 1,200 square crystals! He was betting on Luo Zheng's victory!
One thousand and two hundred square crystals was an unimaginable sum for Zhao Zhao in the past! When did he have so many square crystals in his hands? Usually, he would only go to the seven-star spectroscopic platform to cultivate once a month. Any more than that and he wouldn't have enough points to support him!
However, with Luo Zheng's consecutive victories, Zhao Zhao's square crystals had been multiplying by several folds! From two square crystals to more than 1,000 square crystals now … Zhao Zhao originally felt that it was a pity that he couldn't participate in the Peak Competition, but now he didn't regret it at all! He might not be able to get a good result in the Peak Competition, but he could win so many square crystals on the Nine Zhang Peak!
Now, Luo Zheng's odds against Zhou Dan were 1 to 9. These odds were ridiculously high! This meant that most people wouldn't bet on Luo Zheng's victory.
Even so, Zhao Zhao still threw in 1,200 square crystals without hesitation.
"Nine times, Brother Luo Zheng, no, Brother Luo Zheng! If you can win against Zhou Dan, I'd rather call you Daddy Luo Zheng! " If Luo Zheng won, he would have 10,000 square crystals, which could be exchanged for 5,000 points. With so many points, why would he wait a month to go to the Seven Star Sword Spectroscopic Platform? He could sleep on it every day!
Under Zhao Zhao's prayer, Luo Zheng finally stepped into the arena.
Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan were both in a winning streak. They had both won 11 matches in a row. This match was destined to end one of their winning streaks.
Zhou Dan was already standing in the arena. Today, he wasn't wearing the black inner disciple robe. There were no strict rules on attire in the Peak Competition.
Today, he was wearing a green robe with a light-colored jade belt tied around his waist. He looked gentle and refined, like a scholar who had read a lot of books. There was not the slightest trace of killing intent in his eyes.
"You should admit defeat," Zhou Dan said lightly after seeing Luo Zheng walk into the arena.
"Why?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly, staring at Zhou Dan and asking.
"I'm from the Black Rock Peak. Since I entered the Black Rock Peak, my mentor has taken good care of me. It can be said that my kindness is as heavy as a mountain. You beat Hei Ming miserably, so he asked me to return the favor in this match and make you even more miserable," Zhou Dan said softly.
Luo Zheng looked at the Black Rock Peak. Mentor Yu of the Black Rock Peak was staring at him with a murderous expression. Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Then why did you tell me? Just fight. If I admit defeat, you won't have a chance to fight with me, right? "
Zhou Dan said, "Because I also think that Hei Ming is at fault. Since Hei Ming was so arrogant before and beat up your Xiao Yufeng's Zuo Yun, then he should be prepared to be beaten. You're just avenging Zuo Yun. In other words, you're not wrong."
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "According to your words, you can also help Hei Ming get revenge?"
"Indeed, that's what Mentor Yu meant, but I'm not willing because I don't like Hei Ming!" Zhou Dan said lightly.

Chapter 242
In Zhou Dan's opinion, Hei Ming was indeed quite accomplished in Illusory Matrices and could be called a genius.
However, Hei Ming had evil intentions and was cruel and bloodthirsty. The Blue Cloud Sect only cared about the rules and strength of the sect. They didn't restrict the character of the disciples. Zhou Dan couldn't change this tendency of the Blue Cloud Sect because of his limited strength. However, when it involved him, he could refuse.
Even though he was indebted to Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak and he couldn't refuse Instructor Yu's request, he could still make his own choice. He reminded Luo Zheng, let Luo Zheng admit defeat, and let Luo Zheng know that he and Hei Ming weren't the same kind of people!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with surprise. He didn't expect Zhou Dan to be so upright. Luo Zheng nodded and smiled. "The Blue Cloud Sect accepts all the martial artists in the world. However, they use strength as the backbone and don't ask about morality. Although many disciples are talented and powerful, they are cruel and bloodthirsty. I, Luo Zheng, admire Brother Zhou Dan for being able to remain untainted. However, I can't admit defeat!"
"But if you don't choose to admit defeat and you really lose, I'm afraid I will …" He couldn't refuse Instructor Yu's request directly. Therefore, Zhou Dan could only promise Instructor Yu that if Luo Zheng didn't admit defeat, he would punish him.
"You don't have to worry about that, Brother Zhou Dan. First of all, the outcome of this battle has yet to be determined. Even if I lose, Brother Zhou Dan can give me a chance to take a breather so that I can admit defeat. I'm sure your Black Rock Peak mentors will have nothing to say," Luo Zheng said slowly.
When Zhou Dan heard Luo Zheng's plan, he smiled. "I didn't think of such a flexible method. Since it's like this, let's begin!"
After saying that, Zhou Dan took out a pen.
There were many types of weapons in the world. Generally speaking, there were not many people who used a pen as a weapon. Even if they used a pen as a weapon, they would usually use the Magistrate's Pen. The Magistrate's Pen was only shaped like a pen, but its actual function was similar to the Emei Thorn. Its entire body was made of metal.
The pen in Zhou Dan's hand was made of wood, but the tip was made of weasel hair. This was a writing brush!
The brush was only used for writing, but Zhou Dan used it to fight her enemies.
Facing Zhou Dan, who took out a writing brush, Luo Zheng did not underestimate him. Since he could win so many matches in a row and become the top disciple of the Black Rock Peak, his strength should not be underestimated.
Any opponent who underestimated Zhou Dan would pay a painful price.
After Zhou Dan took out the writing brush, wisps of pure black True Essence escaped from her hand. The True Essence floated in the air above Zhou Dan, gradually becoming more condensed. From the beginning, the True Essence slowly transformed into a mass of black fog, and then the black fog condensed into a mass of black liquid.
When Zhou Dan gently rolled up her sleeves and dipped the brush into the black liquid, Luo Zheng realized that the black liquid was the ink used by the writing brush.
Turning true essence into ink …
The world was so big that nothing was too strange. Luo Zheng didn't know what Zhou Dan was up to, but no matter what, he had to fight first!
Luo Zheng wanted to bring out the potential of his corporeal body to the extreme. Unless his corporeal body could not cope with the opponent in front of him, he would only consider using his True Essence.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's body was as light as a swallow. In addition, the distance between the two of them was not far. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng arrived in front of Zhou Dan. His two iron fists came from both sides.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were very clear about the terrifying explosive power of his corporeal body. However, when they saw that Zhou Dan was still not panicking even though Luo Zheng had already brandished his fists, they couldn't help but break out in a cold sweat for Zhou Dan.
After all, most of the disciples had bet on Zhou Dan to win. Only a very small number of disciples who didn't believe in heresy and were willing to bet on Luo Zheng.
If Zhou Dan was seriously injured by Luo Zheng's fists in the first round, they would lose miserably.
Facing Luo Zheng's fists, Zhou Dan calmly raised the writing brush in her hand. The moment she raised the writing brush, her movements suddenly became joyful.
She wrote a word beside Luo Zheng's hand at lightning speed. It was the word "seal".
It was just a single word, but it looked like an iron pen and silver hook. It exuded the aura of a gentleman!
After this word appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the power in his hand suddenly weaken. His left hand was actually sealed just like that!
Although one of Luo Zheng's fists was sealed, Luo Zheng still had his right fist. This fist was already very close.
However, Zhou Dan's expression still didn't change. She methodically spun the writing brush, casually picked up the brush and ink, and quickly wrote the word "defend" in the air.
This word was faintly heavy and deeply engraved.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. His fist smashed into the word "defend".
Under this smash, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly.
Facing a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator and Zhou Dan, who was also a peak figure of the Black Rock Peak, Luo Zheng no longer hid his strength. Instead, he urged the power in his body to ninety percent. All of his dragon scales opened at the same time. This surging power smashed into the word written with True Essence, but unexpectedly, it didn't move at all.
"Again!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
After four consecutive punches, a crack appeared on the huge "defend" word. It wasn't until the fifth punch that the word loudly cracked.
Zhou Dan retreated a few steps. With a wave of his hand, another "defend" word formed in front of him. Moreover, he was still constantly dipping the brush in ink. One "defend" word after another appeared in front of him.
As he wrote, he said, "This move is called the Five Direction Defense Word Formula. No matter how big the damage is, it can withstand five attacks. Only after five attacks will it shatter! As for the "seal" word on your left hand, it is the Seal Word Formula. It can seal power and True Essence. Your left hand temporarily can't move. "
Hearing Zhou Dan's words, Luo Zheng was suddenly speechless.
Generally speaking, martial artists wouldn't easily tell their opponents their Cultivation Methods and their uses. Because once they told their opponents, their opponents would be able to find a way to deal with it from the limited information. However, this Zhou Dan was really honest. It could be said that he had absolute confidence in his own strength. In addition, his gentleman's way was originally open and aboveboard. Therefore, he acted straightforwardly without the slightest bit of hypocrisy.
"Seal Word Formula?"
Luo Zheng swung his left arm. Now, his entire left arm plus his left hand really couldn't exert any strength. In this way, Zhou Dan's "seal word" was equivalent to crippling his left hand.
"Yes, you can't break this" seal word "formula. Generally speaking, this" seal word "formula will automatically break after an hour." Zhou Dan said in a soft voice. His expression was calm, as if he wasn't fighting with Luo Zheng, but was discussing something together.
"Can't break it?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. With a thought, the energy of the blood jade crystal in his left hand suddenly gushed out. Soon, a blood-red crack appeared on the "seal" word. In a short time, the entire "seal" word disintegrated, turning into a little bit of black Yuan Qi and dissipating between the heaven and the earth.
"Huh?" There was a touch of surprise on Zhou Dan's face, "Good means, I was just boasting, although you are only at the Xiantian second stage, but your means are so sharp, no wonder you can win until now, I really underestimated you, but just breaking my 'seal' word technique is not enough, take this!"
Zhou Dan laid down seven or eight "defend" characters in one breath, and then began to write again. This time, he wrote three "kill" characters in a row, and after writing three "kill" characters in a row, he gently spat out a word, "Go!" Immediately, those three "kill" characters rushed towards Luo Zheng, and to everyone's surprise, Zhou Dan said to Luo Zheng: "Brother Luo Zheng, be careful, this" kill "formula is extremely powerful, so you have to be careful when dealing with it."
As soon as those three big "kill" characters appeared, the imposing manner suddenly changed. Luo Zheng could clearly feel an intense killing intent coming from those "kill" characters, as if a general on the battlefield had just slaughtered tens of thousands of creatures.
These three "kill" characters formed a triangle shape and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"So that's how it is, no wonder I couldn't feel any killing intent coming from Zhou Dan's body. He must have condensed all of his killing intent into this" kill "formula. Now, let me see what is so special about these three characters!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stretched out his fist and rushed towards those three characters at an extremely fast speed.
Facing an opponent like Zhou Dan, Luo Zheng really felt that it would be difficult to deal with him. Luo Zheng had so many "defend" formula on his body, and each "defend" formula required five attacks from Luo Zheng to break through. Five "defend" formula could resist 25 attacks from Zhou Dan, not to mention that Zhou Dan could continuously supplement the "defend" formula while he was attacking.
Just by relying on this point, Zhou Dan seemed to be in an invincible position.
At this time, Luo Zheng not only had to face these three "kill" characters, but also had to figure out how to break through Zhou Dan's defense.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's fist hit the huge "kill" character. When this fist hit, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strong rebounding force. At the same time, the first "kill" character suddenly exploded, producing an even more powerful force that heavily bombarded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who was originally in the center of the arena, was hit by this force and his whole body was heavily bounced back, smashing into the light curtain barrier at the edge of the arena.
This light curtain barrier was arranged using a large formation of the Blue Cloud Sect and could withstand a very terrifying attack. However, Luo Zheng's collision actually caused the light curtain barrier to shake a little.
No matter what kind of barrier it was, there was an upper limit to the amount of power it could withstand. Obviously, Luo Zheng's power and the power of the "kill" character were superimposed, so how terrifying was the impact on Luo Zheng's body? This impact was very close to the upper limit of the light curtain barrier, and in a corner of the light curtain barrier, a crack actually appeared.
The nearby referee's complexion suddenly changed. The light curtain barrier was arranged to protect the surrounding disciples. Of course, it could also appropriately protect the warriors in the arena.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan's fight could cause a crack to appear in the light curtain barrier with just one blow? Was this really such a powerful attack?
The referee looked at an Elder next to him. When the Elder saw this scene, he waved his hand and released a pure True Essence from his hand, pouring it into the light curtain barrier. In the blink of an eye, the light curtain barrier was restored to its original state.

Chapter 243
Seeing this scene, the crowd began to discuss again.
"Zhou Dan's attack is so terrifying. Just the word 'kill' was enough to send Luo Zheng flying! He's much stronger than Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng is probably going to lose! "
"I'm afraid it's not as simple as losing. This' kill 'word is very strange. It contains a very terrifying power. Just now, I felt that this' kill 'word was very strange. It was able to reflect Luo Zheng's power back. In that instant, Luo Zheng was hit by both his own power and the power of the' kill 'word … It's hard to say whether Luo Zheng will be able to get up now."
"So that's how it is. In this way, Luo Zheng's innate strength has hit his own body. I hope he can't get up. He definitely can't get up. I've bet on Luo Zheng so many times. Every time, I bet on him to lose! I've almost lost all my pants. This time, I'm going all out. I bet all my money on Zhou Dan. As long as Luo Zheng loses, I can win everything back with interest! "
"Don't worry. He can't get up. Even if his body is made of steel, he won't be able to take it."
It could be said that except for Xiao Yufeng and some people who bet on Luo Zheng, almost everyone hoped that Luo Zheng would lose! They all hoped that Luo Zheng wouldn't get up!
Luo Zheng indeed didn't get up. However, it wasn't that he didn't want to get up. Instead, he was thinking about how to deal with the current situation and how to break Zhou Dan's word seals.
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng realized that he might not be able to break Zhou Dan's defense by relying on his physical body alone.
He had to use other methods.
The five "defend" word seals were constantly flying around Zhou Dan. Beside Zhou Dan, there were also two "kill" word seals. Although Instructor Yu told Zhou Dan to beat Luo Zheng to death as long as she had the chance, Zhou Dan's personality was not enough to do such a thing.
How could a gentleman take advantage of another's perilous state?
Luo Zheng must have suffered a serious recoil from that blow. He was lying on the ground motionless, probably unconscious. If that was the case, the referee would directly declare Luo Zheng as the loser, and this battle would not continue.
"He probably won't be able to get up …" Zhou Dan stared at Luo Zheng who was lying on the ground. This way, it would be easier for him to explain himself to Instructor Yu. After all, if he fainted, he would lose. He really wouldn't be able to continue attacking Luo Zheng. Just as Zhou Dan heaved a sigh of relief, he saw Luo Zheng flip his hands and feet. Then, he jumped up from the ground like a carp. He even moved his body a little. There was a trace of an indifferent smile on his face …
The breath that Zhou Dan had just exhaled was immediately sucked back in. This guy seemed to be completely fine.
Zhou Dan already knew that Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical. Previously, Luo Zheng had fully demonstrated it. Zhou Dan, who was particular about planning before acting, was very clear about it. However, he didn't expect Luo Zheng's body to be so tyrannical.
This was not a level that could be achieved by a body of flesh and blood. Even if he had a real body of steel and iron, he was afraid that the blow just now would break. Unless Luo Zheng's body reached the level of a Profound Tool, or even a Spiritual Tool, he was afraid that he would be able to withstand this blow.
This was what Zhou Dan thought in his mind. However, Zhou Dan didn't know that his guess was infinitely close to the truth. Luo Zheng's body was indeed a genuine Spiritual Tool. Moreover, it was a Middle Grade Spiritual Tool!
Luo Zheng moved his body a little. Looking at Zhou Dan, who was not far away, he moved again this time!
Luo Zheng's attack was not blind. Although Luo Zheng had previously concealed his strength, he also understood that he couldn't hide it forever. Moreover, if someone wanted to investigate, it wouldn't be difficult to find out Luo Zheng's true strength.
Now that he couldn't defeat Zhou Dan purely by relying on his body, it was time for his Zhen Yuan to enter the stage.
The moment Luo Zheng rushed forward, a dark purple Zhen Yuan crazily gushed out from his Dantian. The Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan followed Luo Zheng's meridians and rushed into Luo Zheng's hands. Suddenly, it bloomed like a dark purple flame burning fiercely. It emitted a fierce imposing aura, which was strange and extraordinary.
And in that dark purple Zhen Yuan, there was a little bit of sparkling starlight. If one casually looked up, it seemed that the starlight contained the power of the stars in the sky. It gave people a kind of soul-stirring pressure!
"Oh, Luo Zheng is using Zhen Yuan … how could I forget? Luo Zheng has become a Xiantian life form. He has been fighting all the way until now, and he hasn't even used his Zhen Yuan!"
"Nonsense, I already said that other people can hide their cultivation. Why can't Luo Zheng do the same?"
"Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan is giving people a great pressure. This Zhen Yuan is very special, but I don't know what kind of power technique he is practicing!"
Everyone's complexion was also shocked. Luo Zheng had been relying on his innate divine strength and his tyrannical body to fight all the way until now. But now, he suddenly used his Zhen Yuan. For a moment, everyone found it hard to accept. Not to mention, most of the people had bet on Zhou Dan. If the situation was really reversed by Luo Zheng, then they would lose and even lose their pants.
Only a small number of disciples who had bet on Luo Zheng's victory were complacent at this moment. "I already said that Luo Zheng must have hidden his trump card. Although he is only at the Xiantian second stage, it is impossible for a Xiantian second stage master to win all the way until now!"
Shi Jingtian, who was sitting on the high platform, suddenly saw the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan condensed in Luo Zheng's hand. His expression suddenly became serious, and his eyes were like two sharp knives, staring at the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan. He slowly said, "What's going on? If I'm not wrong, the Zhen Yuan in Luo Zheng's hand seems to be the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan! "
Elder Xu, who was sitting beside Shi Jingtian, also looked extremely dignified. "It is indeed the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan! This boy has actually practiced the 《Sky Demon Zhen Yuan》, how … how did he enter the Heavenly Book Pavilion and take away the 《Sky Demon God Fist》? "
"Oh, the 《Sky Demon God Fist》 has been in the Heavenly Book Pavilion for a hundred years. Three people have obtained it, but two of them failed to practice the 《Sky Demon God Fist》, and one of them was blocked by Uncle Lin. I didn't expect that … I didn't expect that … this 《Sky Demon God Fist》 would be successfully practiced by someone." Shi Jingtian murmured.
The Uncle Lin mentioned by Shi Jingtian was naturally the old man whom Luo Zheng had met in the Heavenly Book Pavilion when he had taken away the 《Sky Demon God Fist》. This old man had a very high status, and even the Sovereign Shi Jingtian had to address him as "Uncle Lin".
"The 《Sky Demon God Fist》 is a Saint-level power technique. It has always been said that it is impossible for a human body to practice it. I really don't understand how this boy managed to practice it!" Elder Xu's eyes were filled with envy. Even with his status as an elder, he was quite tempted by the Saint-level power technique.
It wasn't that Elder Xu couldn't obtain the Heavenly Devil God Fist. If he paid a certain price, he might be able to lend it to Elder Xu. However, Elder Xu was already old. Moreover, it wasn't easy to cultivate a Saint-level cultivation method. This cultivation method was passed down from the Devil Race. Even the Devil Race found it difficult to cultivate. It was too difficult for Elder Xu to cultivate it.
"Unable to practice it?" Shi Jingtian shook his head when he heard Elder Xu's words. "For the hundreds of millions of people in the 300 counties of the Eastern Region, the difficulty is indeed a bit high. However, if you look at the whole world, the genius disciples of the various Sects, Temples, and Holy Lands will have endless resources since they were young. Their talents are inherited from their powerful parents, and their innate talents are much stronger. If they really want to practice it, they might be able to succeed …"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Elder Xu suddenly became silent.
Shi Jingtian's words were reasonable. The world was too big, too big.
Just the Eastern Region alone had hundreds of millions of people. In addition, there were the Western Region, Northern Region, Southern Region, and Central Domain. None of these regions were smaller than the Eastern Region.
However, the distance between each region was extremely far. It was no less than a million miles. Humans were scattered in each region, fighting for themselves. Just like when the Demon Clan attacked, the humans in the other regions would find it difficult to lend a helping hand. Moreover, the humans in the other four regions might not be the rulers. According to Elder Xu's knowledge, the humans in the Western Region had a very difficult life. The rulers of the Western Region were the Demon Clan. Humans could only be regarded as second-class people there. The Demon Clan was the ruler of the Western Region.
The distribution of the Devil Clan was the same as that of the humans. They were also extremely widespread. At the border between the Central Region and the Eastern Region, there was a large empire of the Devil Clan. The Burning Sky King Dynasty was currently in an alliance with that empire of the Devil Clan to fight against the Demon Clan.
If one were to look further, the Eastern, Western, Southern, Southern, and Central Domains were actually just a huge island in the world!
It was said that after crossing the boundless Chaotic Astral Ocean, one would be able to see the real continent of this world!
If one were to think about this and return to the Blue Cloud Sect, how difficult would it be for the most talented and talented disciple to practice the 《Demonic God Fist》?
"I'm a bit of a failure as the Sect Leader. There were people in the Blue Cloud Sect who practiced the 《Demonic God Fist》, but no one told me. I only found out when I saw it with my own eyes. Hehe." Shi Jingtian laughed at himself.
In fact, there were still many people in the Blue Cloud Sect who knew that Luo Zheng practiced the 《Demonic God Fist》. At least, the so-called Ten Great Spiritual Masters were aware of it. However, they were unwilling to report this matter to the higher-ups for some reason. Not only that, they also withheld a lot of information about Luo Zheng's talent during cultivation!
"Sect Leader, there are very few people who know about the 《Demonic God Fist》. I'm afraid that even if Luo Zheng displayed it in front of them, no one would be able to recognize it." Elder Xu analyzed.
"That's true. However, I still have to investigate this matter! If there are people who know about this matter and don't report it, I will definitely make them pay the price! "Shi Jingtian said indifferently.
This sentence made Elder Xu secretly shocked. Although this matter had nothing to do with him, when he thought of the layers of hidden killing intent in Shi Jingtian's words, Elder Xu felt a chill run down his spine. He thought that even if Luo Zheng practiced the 《Demonic God Fist》, he would at most show a good talent. However, he did not expect Shi Jingtian to take this matter so seriously. Was this Holy Class Cultivation Technique really that difficult to practice?
Luo Zheng naturally did not know about the conversation between the two. With Luo Zheng's current knowledge, it was still limited to the Eastern Region. He also did not know what was behind the 《Demonic God Fist》. However, he chose to use the 《Demonic God Fist》 to break through Zhou Dan's defense!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 244
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan burst out with such a powerful aura, which made Zhou Dan's expression become very dignified.
Zhou Dan was originally surprised by the tyrannical strength of Luo Zheng's body, but that was only on the level of physical strength.
Although Luo Zheng's defense was strong, but Zhou Dan was not afraid, after all, as long as Luo Zheng could not break his defense, then Zhou Dan would always be in an invincible position.
But suddenly, seeing Luo Zheng release his Zhen Yuan, Zhou Dan suddenly felt that the situation was not right.
Why didn't he use Zhen Yuan in the previous battle?
There were only two possibilities. First, Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan was not strong, or Luo Zheng's only reliance was his tyrannical body, as well as his terrifying innate divine strength.
Second, Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond Zhou Dan's imagination. He had been suppressing his strength and hiding his trump card all this time!
According to Zhou Dan's judgment, the first possibility was very small. His body was so powerful, and his strength was also so terrifying, so how could his Zhen Yuan be weak? Not to mention, the two dark purple masses of Zhen Yuan in Luo Zheng's hands were emitting a powerful aura! In any case, the power of Zhen Yuan's Zhen Yuan would not be weak!
Thinking of this, Zhou Dan could not help but retreat. While constantly retreating, the brush in his hand was also dancing like a dragon and dancing like a phoenix. One after another, "Kill" characters appeared from the tip of his brush. This battle was destined to be a bitter one.
Zhou Dan had no time to marvel at the fact that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage, and he had even forgotten about Luo Zheng's cultivation. At this moment, he only regarded Luo Zheng as the strongest opponent in his life!
"Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill … …"
One by one, "Kill" characters appeared from the tip of Zhou Dan's brush, and as soon as those "Kill" characters appeared, they arranged themselves in a strange angle and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Thirteen Killing Formation!"
This "Thirteen Killing Formation" was Zhou Dan's strongest offensive method, and also Zhou Dan's trump card.
This trump card was not prepared for Luo Zheng. He intended to use it against his personal disciples.
The Black Rock Peak was the second largest peak in the Blue Cloud Sect. As a top disciple of the Black Rock Peak, it was impossible for him to not have the ambition to reach the peak. However, the strength of the personal disciples could not be underestimated. He had to preserve his trump card.
Unfortunately, Zhou Dan now understood that he could not keep this trump card!
Although Zhou Dan could have admitted defeat directly, it didn't matter if he lost one or two matches since he had maintained an undefeated record.
However, Zhou Dan couldn't do it. He was a gentleman, so how could he do something so opportunistic? What's more, his opponent was a Xiantian second stage martial artist. If he was really weak and lost to Luo Zheng, he could accept it! But to let him lose without a fight, this was not in line with his gentleman's way!
As soon as the "Thirteen Killing Formation" appeared, a murderous aura suddenly filled the entire arena. The huge murderous aura gave people a strong sense of oppression, as if they were in the Asura hell. Under the suppression of the murderous aura, the referee in the arena turned pale and quickly retreated from the arena. Only when the light curtain barrier blocked the murderous aura did his face recover a bit of color.
"Thirteen Killing Formation?" When Luo Zheng saw the "Kill" characters forming a formation that was oppressing him, his eyebrows slightly wrinkled.
This "Kill" character could erupt with such a strong power, and it could even reflect his own power. He also understood that this time, he could not be careless.
"Heavenly Devil Phantom! Come out! "
From behind Luo Zheng, suddenly, six purple-black shadows floated out.
These six Heavenly Devil Phantoms had different forms, but they looked like silhouettes of Luo Zheng's body. As soon as these Heavenly Devil Phantoms appeared, they rushed towards the "Thirteen Killing Formation".
The great formation formed by the "Kill" characters had terrifying power. The moment the first Heavenly Devil Phantom rushed up, the "Thirteen Killing Formation" began to slowly rotate, forming a strong strangling force in front of the "Thirteen Killing Formation", which entangled the Heavenly Devil Phantom.
However, how hard was the Heavenly Devil Phantom?
In the midst of the strangling force, there was a burst of sound like beans exploding.
"Cough, cough, cough, cough …"
It was like the sound of something hard being stuffed into the gears of a rotating windmill.
"Kacha, kacha …"
Cracks began to appear on the surface of the first Heavenly Devil Phantom, as if it was about to break, but at the same time, cracks also appeared on the surface of three "Kill" characters in the "Thirteen Killing Formation"!
Seeing this scene, Zhou Dan's complexion suddenly became very ugly.
He knew the power of the "Thirteen Killing Formation" best. After he had successfully cultivated the "Thirteen Killing Formation", he had experimented with many things.
At first, he tried strangling wood, and it was easily strangled into pieces. A solid piece of teak was strangled into wood dregs.
After experimenting with strangling wood, he tried strangling stone, and he also easily turned stone into powder.
After that, he strangled steel, mystic artifacts, and spirit artifacts …
In Zhou Dan's experiments, there was almost nothing that could withstand the strangling force of the "Thirteen Killing Formation".
However …
How could the Heavenly Devil Phantom summoned by Luo Zheng block it? Why!
Generally speaking, the objects that martial artists visualized using their vital essence could not be so hard!
This was also why most martial artists could transform their vital essence into sabers, swords, and other weapons, but they would still choose a real weapon in the end and not transform their vital essence into a weapon.
However, Mo Xiuyan was an exception. The cultivation method he practiced was very special, so he could condense a vital essence sword that was comparable to an immortal artifact. However, in the eyes of some martial artists, this was a strenuous and unrewarding task. Although it was possible to use vital essence to form a sword, it would consume a large amount of vital essence to maintain the sword. Moreover, Mo Xiuyan's sword that was comparable to an immortal artifact was not instantly formed. He still needed to condense thousands of weapons, and then condense them into a vital essence sword through various means. The process was troublesome and cumbersome.
Experts often exchanged blows in an instant. If you had an immortal artifact, you could use it to fight. The enemy would not give you such a long time to condense a vital essence sword.
This was also because the Mo family had declined. With the Mo family's financial resources, it was impossible for them to afford an immortal artifact. Therefore, Mo Xiuyan chose this method to make up for his weakness in weapons.
However, the vast majority of objects formed from vital essence were not good at defense. At least, they could not withstand the strangling force of Zhou Dan's "Thirteen Killing Formation"!
Even a spiritual artifact could be strangled by the "Thirteen Killing Formation". This could only mean that Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Phantom was as hard as an immortal artifact!
What Zhou Dan did not know was that Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Phantom was not visualized. To put it bluntly, there was a huge difference between it and an ordinary manifestation of vital essence. Luo Zheng only visualized one object, and that was the specks of starlight contained within the Heavenly Devil's vital essence. As for the Heavenly Devil Phantom, it was naturally condensed after cultivating the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》 to a certain extent.
"This is really a monster …"
After recovering from his shock, a bitter smile appeared on Zhou Dan's face. However, that bitter smile only lasted for a moment. As a top disciple of the Black Rock Peak, he could not admit defeat just because of this. Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom was indeed very strong, but he, Zhou Dan, had more than one trick up his sleeve.
Moreover, Zhou Dan was a Divine Reflection expert. His vital essence was far thicker and more durable than Luo Zheng's. He had the capital to continue this battle with Luo Zheng.
"Kacha …"
The three "Kill" words were finally completely shattered.
But at the same time, Luo Zheng's first Heavenly Devil Phantom also shattered.
In other words, the price of the three "Kill" words being shattered was only the loss of a single Heavenly Devil Phantom.
Zhou Dan had a total of thirteen "Kill" words. After three of them were shattered, there were only ten left. But a killing array formed from ten "Kill" words was definitely not as strong as the Thirteen Killing Arrays.
If the remaining "Kill" words were to be destroyed, then the remaining "Kill" words would be even more!
Zhou Dan naturally would not allow this to happen. He waved the brush in his hand and continued to write the "Kill" word. At worst, he would waste his time with Luo Zheng today. Let's see if he could last longer in the Xiantian second stage, or if Zhou Dan could last longer.
However, before Zhou Dan could write the word "kill", he saw the scene in front of him. Then, he saw another unbelievable scene.
The originally shattered Heavenly Devil Phantom turned into a dark purple vital essence. But soon, that dark purple vital essence began to automatically condense, restoring the original Heavenly Devil Phantom.
"This …"
Fortunately, Zhou Dan was a Confucian scholar and paid great attention to his image. He was not too surprised and lost his composure. Otherwise, his jaw would have dropped to the ground.
"This is too shameless …"
After thinking for a long time, Zhou Dan finally spat out these words.
For a martial artist, the transformation of vital essence was an irreversible process. For example, after Zhou Dan wrote a character with his vital essence, the role of this mass of vital essence was fixed. If this vital essence was broken by someone, or if it was automatically released by Zhou Dan, then it would disintegrate into a mass of heaven and earth origin energy, dissipating into the world.
This was also the reason why heaven and earth origin energy could be maintained.
When a person cultivated, they would absorb heaven and earth origin energy and condense it into vital essence within their body. After using it, they would return it to heaven and earth. This was an eternal and unchanging truth.
To put it bluntly, heaven and earth origin energy originally belonged to the good fortune of heaven and earth. If a human absorbed this origin energy for their own use, then they would be seizing the good fortune of heaven and earth.
Heaven and earth were generous. If they returned it after using it, then so be it. Otherwise, with so many people absorbing this origin energy, if they did not return it after using it, it would be a matter of time before it was used up!
Of course, humans did not have the means to imprison vital essence forever. After a person's vital essence took form, it would eventually disintegrate and return this good fortune to heaven and earth.
But what did he just see?
Luo Zheng's first Heavenly Devil Phantom was clearly shattered by his Thirteen Slaughter Array. Logically speaking, it should have turned into traces of vital essence, disintegrated, and disappeared into the world, returning it to heaven and earth!
But that Heavenly Devil Phantom did not disintegrate. Instead, after it disintegrated, it reformed into another Heavenly Devil Phantom.
This was simply too sensational!
If Zhou Dan could see this scene, then others could naturally see it as well.
Shi Jingtian, who understood the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》, was not that shocked. Although he was unable to cultivate the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》, he was clear about the various miraculous aspects of this saint level cultivation technique. He had seen others use it before. But Elder Xu was different. Elder Xu had only heard a few things about the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》, but he didn't expect that the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 would have such a divine ability. Therefore, Elder Xu's face was blank at this moment, and he couldn't say a word.

Chapter 245
Most of the disciples only had a superficial understanding of the world's good fortune, the rules of heaven and earth, sword intent, martial intent, and other mysterious things.
For example, what was sword intent? How was it formed? How to use it? These were difficult to comprehend, and even difficult to imagine. Otherwise, sword intent would not be so difficult to cultivate.
Although they did not understand the world's good fortune.
Most of the disciples present were at the Xiantian realm, and a small number of them had stepped into the Illuminating Spirit realm. Thus, they were quite knowledgeable about the manifestation of true essence.
After stepping into the Xiantian realm, one could condense true essence in their dantian, and then through "visualization", they could transform their true essence into various shapes.
As long as one had enough imagination, true essence could transform into anything.
For example, Zhou Dan's true essence could transform into a kind of black ink, which could be used to write with his brush.
Some people's true essence could transform into a dagger, or a broadsword, and some people could even transform their true essence into a house, which could shelter them from the wind and rain.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were not surprising at all. At first, no one took it seriously, and most of them felt that the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms that Luo Zheng had hastily summoned were certainly not comparable to Zhou Dan's Thirteen Slaughter Formation.
Even from a distance, one could feel the monstrous killing intent contained within the thirteen "Kill" characters. How could Luo Zheng, a puny Xiantian second stage true essence manifestation, resist it?
The result was far beyond everyone's expectations. Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were as hard as steel, and just one of them was able to block the strangling power of the Thirteen Slaughter Formation. Not only did it resist, but it even shattered Zhou Dan's three "Kill" characters.
This was really sensational!
If the casually condensed Heavenly Demon Phantoms were sensational, then the Heavenly Demon Phantoms that were smashed and then condensed again had reached an incomprehensible level. In their opinion, this was simply inconceivable.
"This, this true essence manifestation, and then condensed again, this, this … this is too shameless!"
"This Luo Zheng is abnormal, and his body is so tyrannical, but why are those figures so tyrannical? Is this guy really only at the Xiantian second stage? "
"I've said it before. Other people have trump cards, so why can't Luo Zheng have one too? It's just that Luo Zheng's cultivation is too low, so no one has investigated him. Because of this, no one knows anything about Luo Zheng's real trump card! "
"Trump cards aren't the problem. The problem is that there's something wrong with his trump cards! True Essence Transformation, shattering and reforming, have you heard of this before? Ever since I was a child, I've been training my fleshly body. Ever since I became a Xiantian lifeform, I've never seen anyone able to reform their Zhen Yuan after it was shattered! "
For a time, all kinds of discussions floated out.
In the camp on Lone Sky Peak, two tall young men stood at the very front. They were both looking at the battle arena with indifferent gazes.
One of the two youths was called Wu Xie, and the other was called Xie Yun. These two people could be said to be the stabilizing force of the Lone Sky Peak, and also the foundation that guaranteed the Lone Sky Peak to be ranked first among the 33 peaks.
Three years ago, they were ranked seventh and twelfth in the All-Peak Grand Competition. Three years later, they made a comeback. It was obvious what their goal was, to reach the top! In the group stage, the two of them had also maintained a perfect record of winning all the matches so far.
It had to be said that the Lone Sky Peak was indeed a place where monsters gathered. Having two genius disciples, Wu Xie and Xie Yun, was one thing, but now there was an even more abnormal Hua Tianming. These three people all had strength that didn't lose to those personal disciples. Therefore, the majority of people believed that the Lone Sky Peak would be able to sit firmly as the boss of the 33 peaks this year.
Wu Xie's appearance was ordinary, and he always had a faint smile on his face. When conversing with him, it seemed that one would never be able to guess his true thoughts. At this moment, Wu Xie suddenly turned his head and said with a smile, "Junior Brother Hua, what do you think?"
Hua Tianming's eyebrows slightly wrinkled. He stared at Luo Zheng on the battle arena, shook his head, and said, "I also can't understand. The cultivation method he cultivates seems to be of a higher level. I've never come into contact with anything of this level."
Wu Xie turned his head and was about to speak to Xie Yun.
"Even the peerlessly talented Junior Brother Hua doesn't understand. I also can't see anything. Wu Xie, don't ask me!" Xie Yun shook his head and said.
Although the three of them all came from the same peak, they still had a competitive relationship with each other. Especially in the All-Peak Grand Competition, if they encountered a powerful peak like the Black Rock Peak, the three of them would certainly do their best to deal with it. However, if they were unlucky, the three of them would be divided into opponents, and they wouldn't hold back either!
At their level of cultivation, winning or losing wasn't the key. However, if they held back, it would affect their state of mind to strive for first place.
Xie Yun and Hua Tianming both knew that Wu Xie was trying to get information from them. However, with Xie Yun's shrewdness, even if he really knew something, he wouldn't say it. On the other hand, Hua Tianming, who was younger and had absolute confidence in his own strength, thought for a moment before saying, "If my guess is correct, he should be cultivating a higher level cultivation method."
"A higher level cultivation method?" Hua Tianming's conclusion was clearly out of Xie Yun's expectations.
Hua Tianming nodded. "As everyone knows, the cultivation methods circulating in the Eastern Domain are roughly divided into Heaven, Earth, Black, and Yellow ranks. Some of these cultivation methods are passed down from the great aristocratic families, some are passed down from the Blue Cloud Sect, and some are passed down from generation to generation. Are the cultivation methods we cultivate limited to these four ranks? The Eastern Domain is only one of the five domains. Compared to the huge Central Domain, the Eastern Domain is only twenty to thirty percent of its size. The Blue Cloud Sect may be considered a giant in the Eastern Domain, but in the Central Domain, it's probably not outstanding. Then there's the problem. I don't believe that in such a large Central Domain, those giant sects don't have cultivation methods that exceed the Heaven, Earth, Black, and Fantasy ranks. I'm sure there are, but we don't know what cultivation methods are above the Heaven Rank! But all of this will have to wait until we leave the Eastern Domain and experience the outside world before we can uncover it. "
Hua Tianming's words silenced Xie Yun.
Xie Yun had always been unconvinced by Hua Tianming's sudden appearance of a genius.
Xie Yun and Wu Xie had always been each other's opponents. They had fought countless times in the arena, and both had victories and defeats. Suddenly, Hua Tianming appeared from Tianyi Peak. This person was young and only had the cultivation of Xiantian Full Circle, but he could contend with a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse.
Because of this, Xie Yun had tried to suppress Hua Tianming several times and invited him to fight in the arena. However, Hua Tianming had always avoided the challenge. Because of this, some rumors had spread on Tianyi Peak. These rumors said that Hua Tianming's strength was only thirty percent, and the other seventy percent was just boasting.
However, the battles before the Full-Peak Grand Competition had dispelled this rumor. Not only that, but now that he heard Hua Tianming's words, Xie Yun was even more shocked.
Xie Yun only had eyes for the Blue Cloud Sect and the Eastern Domain. He had imagined his own life path. Perhaps he would cultivate in the Blue Cloud Sect for the rest of his life and eventually become a Perfected Person, or even an Elder. Another way out was to join the Imperial Army and fight against the Demon Clan, becoming a general on horseback through experience.
However, he had never thought of leaving the Eastern Domain.
The Eastern Domain was already very big and could accommodate him.
However, Hua Tianming was different. Although he had entered the Blue Cloud Sect and become a star in the Blue Cloud Sect, he wasn't satisfied at all. His goal wasn't the Eastern Domain, but the entire outside world!
A person's vision was like a box, and the person in the box was like a flea constantly jumping up. Therefore, a person's vision determined how high they could jump.
Xie Yun's vision was only in the Eastern Domain, but Hua Tianming's vision was the entire world. Even if Xie Yun felt that Hua Tianming's current strength might not be as good as his, Hua Tianming's achievements in the end would probably be much higher than Xie Yun's!
After listening to Hua Tianming's words, Xie Yun and Wu Xie both fell silent. Meanwhile, the battle in the arena was becoming more and more intense.
Facing Luo Zheng's almost shameless Heavenly Devil Phantom, Zhou Dan's pressure suddenly increased by several times.
He constantly waved the ink brush in his hand, and one "Kill" Formula after another emerged from his pen, circling and replenishing the Thirteen Kills Formation.
At first, this method was still quite effective. Although a few of the "Kill" Formulas would be destroyed when they strangled the Heavenly Devil Phantom, it wasn't much of a problem for Zhou Dan, who had a deep reserve of True Essence. Wasn't it just True Essence? He had only consumed ten percent of the True Essence in his body, so it wasn't a big deal. As long as he slowly replenished it, it would be fine.
However, after a while, Zhou Dan had to face a new problem.
Luo Zheng had more than one Heavenly Devil Phantom, but he only needed one to deal with Zhou Dan's Thirteen Kills Formation. The remaining five Heavenly Devil Phantoms split into two groups, one of which went to intercept Zhou Dan's "Kill" Formula. There was still some distance between when Zhou Dan wrote the "Kill" Formula and when it merged into the Thirteen Kills Formation. Two Heavenly Devil Phantoms stood in the middle, preventing the "Kill" Formula from entering the Thirteen Kills Formation.
Without the Thirteen Kills Formation's power amplification, the "Kill" Formula alone wasn't a match for the Heavenly Devil Phantom. With a powerful collision, the "Kill" Formula that had fallen behind exploded, but the Heavenly Devil Phantom itself was not damaged at all. This was even more proof of the Heavenly Devil Phantom's power. Only under the powerful strangling power of the Thirteen Kills Formula could the Heavenly Devil Phantom be destroyed. Moreover, it could even destroy a few of the "Kill" Formulas. If it was a one-on-one battle, the two of them weren't even on the same level.
Zhou Dan was depressed. If the Thirteen Kills Formula couldn't be replenished, the formation would break soon.

Chapter 246
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
The Heavenly Fiend Phantom's attacks were extremely fast. Under two rounds of attacks from the three Heavenly Fiend Phantoms, one of the "Defense" words beside Zhou Dan cracked and disintegrated. He only had five "Defense" words beside him, and they could at most deal with eight or nine rounds of attacks from the Heavenly Fiend Phantom.
And with the Heavenly Fiend Phantom's attack speed, it would not take long for all of his "Defense" words to be completely destroyed. If the Heavenly Fiend Phantom crashed into him, Zhou Dan doubted if he would be able to withstand a round of attacks!
At this moment, Zhou Dan was really flustered. He had to write the 'Kill' word and 'Defend' word at the same time. Although Zhou Dan was an expert in calligraphy and his cursive writing was already at the level of a master, he couldn't care so much now that he was dancing like a dragon and dancing like a phoenix. Every word that he wrote was crooked and didn't have the feeling of being vigorous and powerful.
Normally, Zhou Dan would definitely not write such substandard words. At this moment, he had pushed his quintessential essence to the limit. Why would he care if he wrote well?
Even if Zhou Dan pushed his writing speed to the limit, it was completely unable to keep up with the rate of depletion. The "Kill" words in the Thirteen Kills formation were decreasing one by one, and the "Defense" words were also being worn down one by one.
"There's only the last" Defense "word left!"
This "Defense" word could only withstand two rounds of attacks from the Heavenly Fiend Phantom, and with the Heavenly Fiend Phantom's attack speed, it would probably break this "Defense" word in less than a breath's time.
At this moment, Zhou Dan no longer had that calm and collected appearance. He gritted his teeth, and there was a trace of hesitation in his heart.
For this Peak Wide Competition, he had prepared for a long time. At the same time, he had also comprehended an extremely powerful move. But this move was originally intended to be used against those personal disciples.
The sooner he revealed his trump card, the lower his chances of winning the Peak Wide Competition.
After this move of his was exposed, it would definitely attract the attention of those personal disciples, and they would think of a countermeasure. This was the reason why Zhou Dan was hesitating.
"Admit defeat?"
Admitting defeat would only end his winning streak, and he would still have a chance to win it back.
However, Zhou Dan immediately rejected this idea. With the Way of the Gentleman that he cultivated, he would absolutely not allow such a situation to occur. He was full of righteousness and would not take a detour because of the dangers of the world. If he gave up because of this idea and admitted defeat, it would probably become a demon in his heart for the rest of his life. If he could not forgive himself, how could he cultivate the Way of the Gentleman in the future?
Sigh …
"I never thought that I would be forced to use this move in the group stage." Zhou Dan suddenly let out a deep sigh.
At that moment, the aura within Zhou Dantian's body suddenly surged. Even that sigh gave people an endless feeling of oppression. Then, an overwhelming will burst from his body.
Zhou Dan casually added a Defense Formula. Then, with a brush in her hand, she began to write in the air.
At this moment, Zhou Dan was not writing one word at a time, but a series of words. If there was a knowledgeable person, they would be able to recognize what he was writing.
There was righteousness in heaven and earth, which gave rise to manifold. Below were rivers and mountains, while above were the sun and stars. To others, it was said to be vast and boundless, filling the firmament. The Emperor's Road cleared the barbarians, Hanhe spat out the Court …
"It's the Song of Righteousness! Zhou Dan is writing the Song of Righteousness! "
"Overwhelming righteousness. I heard that Zhou Dan was cultivating in seclusion, trying to comprehend the overwhelming righteousness in the Song of Righteousness. Originally, when I heard about it, I thought it was inconceivable. That overwhelming righteousness was like sword intent, saber intent, martial intent, and the like. Moreover, it was more illusory and ethereal than them. Wanting to comprehend it was much more difficult. I never thought that he would really comprehend it!"
"It's getting more and more exciting. Come on, Zhou Dan. Defeat Luo Zheng. I'm betting everything on you!"
Because Luo Zheng had been suppressing Zhou Dan after summoning the Heavenly Demon Phantom, everyone was originally very depressed. According to this situation, Zhou Dan would not be able to escape the fate of losing.
But they never thought that when Zhou Dan only had a single Defense Formula left, he would write the Song of Righteousness!
Luo Zheng was originally controlling the Heavenly Demon Phantom, concentrating on breaking Zhou Dan's defense. But at this moment, he suddenly felt an enormous power emanating from Zhou Dan's body!
This power was not fierce, but it was very heavy. It was as if the power of the world had gathered, and it suddenly pressed down on Luo Zheng. For a moment, Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were affected, and his control became slightly slower.
"Song of Righteousness?" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly, and his expression became dignified.
Sure enough, the strength of the top 100 disciples on the Azure Sky Proclamation was not to be underestimated! But that's fine. Since it's like this, let me fight you to my heart's content! Facing the suppression of the overwhelming righteousness, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest fear. Instead, his eyes flashed with a little bit of light, and a turbulent aura was emitted from his body.
Zhou Dan's eyes were empty, and he no longer cared about the Heavenly Demon Phantoms beside him. The words he wrote with the brush became more and more powerful. The cursive script was like a flying bird startling a snake, like a phoenix soaring in the sky, and like a dragon startling the bones and muscles!
After three breaths of time, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms did not break through his Defense Formula, but the Song of Righteousness was completed!
"Done!"
Zhou Dan put away the brush, and the brush in his hand gently moved, drawing the final stroke that seemed to be the finishing touch.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz …"
The entire Song of Righteousness floated beside Zhou Dan, constantly vibrating and buzzing. The words that were originally written with black ink gradually emitted rays of golden light.
At this moment, Zhou Dan was like a great saint from ancient times. The aura he emitted was enough to make people bow down to him, and they could not produce the slightest bit of resistance.
Zhou Dan's gaze swept across the Heavenly Demon Phantoms, and he casually pointed a finger, and a golden light suddenly shot out from the Song of Righteousness! It was this light that directly pierced through the Heavenly Demon Phantoms!
"Pa-da!"
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms exploded in an instant, but immediately after, they transformed into rays of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence and reformed.
"I don't believe that just a little bit of True Origin can make it indestructible. Even if it's broken a certain number of times, it shouldn't be able to recover …" Zhou Dan said indifferently. Then, he flicked his fingers and pointed randomly.
Under Zhou Dan's control, rays of golden light shot towards the Heavenly Demon Phantoms. After being shattered time and time again, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms stubbornly recovered their original state.
Facing Zhou Dan's attack, Luo Zheng's mind was also spinning rapidly.
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms naturally could not be immortal!
Between heaven and earth, everything was affected by the laws of time. A person's life would come to an end. Connate lifeforms had long lives, but at most, they could not live past three hundred years. No matter how long a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator's lifespan was, it could only live for a mere five hundred years. Profound artifacts could be preserved for a hundred years, spirit artifacts for five hundred years, and immortal artifacts for several thousand years.
But …
Compared to this world's tens of millions, hundreds of millions, or even billions of years of history, it was but the blink of an eye, a mere fragment of time.
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms were continuously shattered and restored, shattered and restored again …
The Heavenly Demon Vital Essence contained within was constantly being consumed. If the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence was exhausted to a certain extent, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms would not be able to escape the fate of disintegration!
How could he break his Song of Righteousness?
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth as he looked at the rows of flamboyant characters. With a thought, he directed the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms to charge towards the Song of Righteousness.
Opposite him, Zhou Dan was unmoved. He methodically extracted the Righteous Spirit from the Song of Righteousness and attacked the Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
Every time the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms flew a certain distance, they would be shattered. However, the distance between them and the Song of Righteousness would always be reduced. Just like that, with great difficulty, they finally reached the Song of Righteousness.
Zhou Dan was somewhat puzzled by Luo Zheng's actions.
Once the Song of Righteousness was formed, it contained an endless amount of Righteous Spirit. Moreover, the characters on the surface of the Song of Righteousness were plated with a layer of golden light. This layer of golden light was also formed by the Righteous Spirit and was used to protect the Song of Righteousness.
If Luo Zheng wanted to use the Heavenly Demon Phantoms to break the Song of Righteousness, it was simply a pipe dream!
Out of confidence in the Song of Righteousness, Zhou Dan did not even move the Song of Righteousness in front of him. He only focused on crushing the Heavenly Demon Phantoms with his fingers.
However, after those Heavenly Demon Phantoms were shattered, they did not reform into new Heavenly Demon Phantoms. Instead, they turned into streams of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence.
"It's finally going to disintegrate?" Zhou Dan thought indifferently. However, what happened next caused Zhou Dan's expression to change.
The streams of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence did not disintegrate. At the same time, they did not reform into Heavenly Demon Vital Essence. Instead, they wrapped around the characters of the Song of Righteousness.
If they had simply turned into Vital Essence and wrapped around the characters, it would not have caused Zhou Dan's expression to change.
The layer of golden light on the surface of the Song of Righteousness was formed by the Righteous Spirit. It was difficult for swords and sabers to damage it. Even immortal weapons would not be able to break it.
However, after the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence wrapped around it, it actually swallowed the golden light layer by layer!
"Swallowed? How is this possible!" Zhou Dan immediately panicked. He naturally did not expect Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Vital Essence to have this kind of ability. It was able to swallow his Song of Righteousness. Seeing that the golden light on the surface of the Song of Righteousness was slowly dimming, it was obvious that the Song of Righteousness would really be swallowed soon …
Zhou Dan suddenly looked at Luo Zheng. It seemed that he should not have tangled with these Heavenly Demon Phantoms for too long. He should have quickly used the Song of Righteousness to defeat Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng was defeated, these Heavenly Demon Phantoms would collapse on their own.
Zhou Dan, who finally understood, stretched out his hand. A thick and large golden light shot out from the Song of Righteousness. That golden light was at least five times larger than the one that destroyed the Heavenly Demon Phantoms. That golden light went straight for Luo Zheng.
Facing Zhou Dan's direct attack, Luo Zheng did not dare to underestimate it. He exerted strength in his feet and his entire body turned into a gust of wind, suddenly dodging to the side!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 247
The power of the golden light from the Song of Righteousness was even more terrifying than Luo Zheng had imagined.
The golden light almost brushed past Luo Zheng's back. Although it didn't hit Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could feel the power contained within the golden light.
This overwhelming righteousness was so terrifying!
If this golden light had hit him, Luo Zheng had no doubt that it would have run through his body.
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng was very confident in the strength of his body. Unless he was facing an old monster like Mo Xiuyan who had been in the Divine Reflection Realm for many years, he wouldn't dare take his attack head-on.
It was obvious that Zhou Dan had the strength to match Mo Xiuyan after writing the Song of Righteousness.
However, it was very difficult to make such a comparison between martial artists because Zhou Dan was very likely to display his strongest strength. On the other hand, when Luo Zheng was in the Mok Province, Mo Xiuyan didn't display his strongest strength. Overall, the pressure that Mo Xiuyan gave Luo Zheng was still stronger than Zhou Dan's.
After all, Zhou Dan and Mo Xiuyan were both Divine Reflection Realm experts, but Zhou Dan should have just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, while Mo Xiuyan should be in the late Divine Reflection Realm.
The golden light didn't hit Luo Zheng, but instead shot directly at the light barrier. The light barrier blocked the sharp golden light for about a breath of time, but it still couldn't stop the golden light. A ripple appeared on the surface of the light barrier, and then it was penetrated by the golden light.
"Pop!"
After penetrating the light barrier, the golden light didn't stop there. It shot towards the Vulture Peak camp, brushing past the ear of a disciple, and left a black hole in the ground. It didn't know how many feet it went into the ground …
The Vulture Peak disciple's face was deathly pale. He stood there in a daze, unable to speak. If the golden light had been just a little bit more to the side, it was likely that it would have directly pierced through his head and his head would have exploded.
In the Peak Wide Competition, it wasn't uncommon for people to be affected by the aftershocks of the battle field, and even pay with their lives.
The Vulture Peak instructor also panicked. He hurriedly ordered his disciples to retreat. If the golden light broke through the light barrier again, his disciples wouldn't be so lucky.
The faces of the several Daoist Masters in the arena changed greatly. If they were affected by the True Essence in the arena and caused the disciples outside to be seriously injured, this could be considered an accident. They joined forces and poured their True Essence into the light curtain enchantment. Suddenly, the thickness of the light curtain enchantment increased a lot.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, how could Zhou Dan care about these things?
The Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence was continuously devouring the Song of Morality. He had to defeat Luo Zheng before the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence completely devoured the Song of Morality. Otherwise, he would lose!
Rays of golden light burst out from the Song of Righteousness, and Luo Zheng was like a cheetah in the wilderness, constantly jumping, rolling, and dodging.
Both of them were fighting for the last chance.
If Zhou Dan hit Luo Zheng, then Luo Zheng would be defeated without a doubt. Luo Zheng only needed to resist this round of golden light attack, and his Heavenly Demon True Essence would be able to devour the Song of Righteousness. That was Zhou Dan's last hope. As long as it was devoured, it would mean that Luo Zheng had won!
"Pop, pop, pop …"
Golden light shot out one after another, but they all narrowly passed by Luo Zheng and hit the light barrier, making dull sounds. Some of the golden light shot into the ground, directly leaving small holes of unknown depth.
Zhou Dan became more and more anxious. The golden light shot out faster and faster, and the pressure on Luo Zheng also became greater and greater.
"Phoenix Soaring Crystal, open all the energy!"
Luo Zheng had already pushed the energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal to the maximum limit. His whole body's strength also erupted. His whole body moved and dodged in the limited space of the arena, leaving behind afterimages. Every golden light could only hit his afterimage!
But under the pressure of the golden light, Luo Zheng finally dodged to a corner.
"Damn it! This is a blind spot! "
Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed. Golden light shot from left, right, and above. Even though he was so fast, Zhou Dan could still determine Luo Zheng's blind spot.
It could be said that Luo Zheng now had nowhere to hide. The only way was to rush toward Zhou Dan.
However, if Luo Zheng were to face Zhou Dan directly … as long as Zhou Dan added another golden light, Luo Zheng would lose without a doubt!
"There's no other way. I can only take the risk!"
At this moment, there was no time for Luo Zheng to think. He stamped his feet, and his whole body turned into a sharp arrow, shooting forward rapidly.
Zhou Dan's face revealed a faint smile. Luo Zheng's speed was indeed very fast, but he had a very big shortcoming: he lacked variables.
But this lack of variables couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng, because Luo Zheng hadn't practiced any movement skills until now.
Therefore, although Luo Zheng's speed was fast, Zhou Dan had already predicted the direction Luo Zheng would dodge in advance. Under the arrangement in advance, Zhou Dan had forced Luo Zheng into a corner.
In the next step, Luo Zheng would inevitably rush toward Zhou Dan if he couldn't dodge. Zhou Dan had already calculated that as long as Zhou Dan blocked his front, Luo Zheng would have no way to escape, and he would lose for sure!
"I didn't expect it to be so difficult to win …" Zhou Dan sighed, and then shot out the last golden light. This golden light blocked Luo Zheng's last path.
However, just when Zhou Dan thought the fight was over, Luo Zheng suddenly used a strange footwork!
Sword Steps!
Luo Zheng indeed hadn't practiced any movement skills, and strictly speaking, sword steps were considered half a movement skill.
When Zhou Dan saw Luo Zheng use sword steps, his pupils suddenly shrank! It wasn't that he didn't know Luo Zheng knew sword steps. Before Luo Zheng and Zhuge Xi's fight, he was also present, and the battle at that time was still vivid in his mind.
However, Luo Zheng's sword steps didn't attract Zhou Dan's attention, because Zhou Dan wasn't a swordsman, and didn't understand the mystery of sword steps. Like most people, he thought that Luo Zheng's sword steps were just acrobatics!
Moreover, in the previous fight between Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan, he didn't use sword steps at all. In the tense battle, Zhou Dan had long forgotten about sword steps.
At this time, seeing Luo Zheng suddenly use sword steps, Zhou Dan's heart suddenly sank.
Luo Zheng's strength was already beyond doubt, and since he used sword steps, it meant that he had been planning for a long time.
Sure enough, after Luo Zheng took a strange step diagonally forward, his body also twisted and turned, and suddenly bypassed the last golden light. After that, Luo Zheng continued to attack Zhou Dan with extremely strange steps.
At the same time, the layer of golden light on the surface of the "Righteous Song" was finally worn away by the Sky Demon Vital Essence, and then the entire "Righteous Song" was swallowed by the Sky Demon Vital Essence …
Zhou Dan didn't have time to marvel at the speed at which the Sky Demon Vital Essence swallowed the "Righteous Song". What he had to face was Luo Zheng's innate strength!
It had to be said that even in the face of a crushing defeat, Zhou Dan still maintained the demeanor of a modest gentleman. He stood in place, not panicking in the face of danger. He slightly arched his body, and continued to wave the brush in his hand, continuously writing the word "defense" in the air.
But how fast was Luo Zheng's attack speed?
Zhou Dan's "defense" word was like a dam on the verge of collapse, and in an instant, it was destroyed by Luo Zheng's torrent-like fist.
After breaking Zhou Dan's "defense" word, Luo Zheng's fist went straight for Zhou Dan's face.
Zhou Dan already knew that the situation was hopeless, and actually closed his eyes, not dodging or dodging.
But Luo Zheng's fist finally stopped in front of Zhou Dan, less than an inch away from Zhou Dan's nose.
"I'll give you a chance to admit defeat," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Zhou Dan opened his eyes, smiled slightly, and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, even when you have the upper hand, you're still forgiving. You have the demeanor of a gentleman! I, Zhou Dan, admit defeat! "After saying this, he turned to the referee not far away and said," This match, I've lost! "
A loss was a loss, and he had to lose openly and uprightly. This was Zhou Dan's way of being a gentleman!
It would be good if he could win, but if he really lost, he didn't care about it. He didn't want everything to go according to his wishes, but he wanted to have a clear conscience!
After hearing Zhou Dan's words, the referee immediately announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, wins. Black Rock Peak, Zhou Dan, loses!"
"He lost just like that? So fast? " The final confrontation between Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan only lasted for a moment, and Luo Zheng's reversal speed was also extremely fast, so many disciples didn't even have time to react.
"What do you know? Zhou Dan's way of being a gentleman is about a gentleman's game, and stopping when it's appropriate. Moreover, with Zhou Dan's temperament, if he admitted defeat, then he definitely wouldn't be able to beat Luo Zheng! "
"Ah ah ah … I got points! I've lost more than eight hundred points! " A disciple showed an extremely painful expression. More than eight hundred points, that was more than one thousand and six hundred crystal stones. Even for a noble family disciple, it was quite a large amount of assets. He had bet on Zhou Dan, and now he had nothing!
At this moment, the happiest and the happiest ones were not Luo Zheng, nor Mentor Wen, nor Xiao Feng, but those who bet on Luo Zheng!
For example, Zhao Zhao of the Nine Zhang Peak. His wild laughter kept echoing on the Nine Zhang Peak. Most of the inner disciples thought he was stupid, but they didn't dare to say that to his face. After all, Zhao Zhao's strength was still very strong. He didn't participate in the Peak Competition, and now his strength was the strongest except for the group of people who participated in the Peak Competition.
Although Zhao Zhao also felt that it was very idiotic for him to stand there and laugh wildly, at this moment, he was so happy that he couldn't help but laugh!
One thousand and two hundred crystal stones, and the odds were one to nine! Luo Zheng won this round, and his value soared nine times, which meant that he now had more than ten thousand crystal stones. Ten thousand crystal stones, if it was in the past, Zhao Zhao wouldn't even dare to imagine such a huge amount of money, but now he had it!
Ten thousand crystal stones, just thinking about it made Zhao Zhao's breath quicken.
Continue to bet on Luo Zheng? Now that Luo Zheng had defeated Zhou Dan, the odds would definitely decrease. After all, this was a hard fight, and Luo Zheng had fully proved his strength. No banker would be stupid enough to give Luo Zheng a higher odds, or else the banker would lose so much money that he wouldn't even have pants to wear.
Even if the odds were one to two, his ten thousand crystal stones would become twenty thousand crystal stones …

Chapter 248
It was not easy for Luo Zheng to win this battle, but in this battle, Luo Zheng did not use his full strength, and only used the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》.
The fighting effect of the Heavenly Devil Phantom was surprisingly good, and even Luo Zheng himself was a little surprised. Although he had planned to use 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》 after entering the next round of the competition, but if he encountered someone like Zhou Dan, he would definitely not be able to resist by relying only on his body and absolute strength.
As for the disciples of Xiao Yufeng, they were pleasantly surprised that Luo Zheng was able to defeat Zhou Dan, but Luo Zheng's consecutive victories had overturned their guesses, and Luo Zheng's monstrous performance had already made them somewhat numb.
So when Luo Zheng came down, Mentor Wen had already made up some congratulatory words in his mind, but in the end, he just laughed and grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder, "Luo Zheng, you are really our Xiao Yufeng's lucky star!"
Perhaps it was because of Luo Zheng that the fate of Little Rain Peak had been completely changed. From being at the bottom of the thirty-three peaks, it had leaped to the top of the thirty-three peaks. It was just like how Luo Yan had led Jade Maiden Peak to surpass one peak after another, all the way until Jade Maiden Peak was ranked second among the thirty-three peaks!
Now, everyone did not have too many doubts about Luo Zheng's strength.
Previously, Zhou Dan was different from Zhuge Xi.
Zhuge Xi was admittedly in the Divine Reflection realm, but Zhuge Xi belonged to the weaker category of the Divine Reflection realm.
But who was Zhou Dan? She was the top disciple of Black Rock Peak! Black Rock Peak was also the second top peak! This showed that Luo Zheng already had the strength to rank at the top of the Blue Cloud Sect's inner court!
No matter when, there would always be doubts.
"Maybe Zhou Dan went easy on him?" A disciple unwillingly asked.
As soon as this sentence was said, a large group of people around looked at him as if he was an idiot.
How could Zhou Dan go easy on him? What's more, even if she went easy on him, why would she go easy on a Xiantian second stage martial artist? It was impossible even if one used their toes to think about it. Furthermore, Zhou Dan cultivated the path of a gentleman and had a clear conscience. It was even more impossible for him to purposely admit defeat.
Zhou Dan had even used his strongest killing move, the Song of Righteousness, but he still couldn't defeat Luo Zheng. One could imagine Luo Zheng's strength.
Round after round of matches, the group competition finally came to an end. Luo Zheng still had two matches. One was against a Xiantian Full Circle opponent, and the other was against a Divine Reflection Realm opponent. Both opponents chose to admit defeat without exception.
What a joke. How could they possibly be a match for someone who even Zhou Dan could not handle? If the two of them had met Zhou Dan, they would have admitted defeat immediately. Now that they had met Luo Zheng, they admitted defeat even more straightforwardly.
After the end of the group competition, more than half of the six hundred disciples who participated in the competition were eliminated. Now, there were less than two hundred people left.
The next round of the competition was a rotation competition!
The system of the Transmigration Competition was very similar to the group competition, but the biggest difference was the personal disciples who joined.
The strength of the personal disciples had always been like a legend in the Blue Cloud Sect.
So far, the vast majority of the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Sect Competition were won by the personal disciples. In exaggerated cases, they even directly took the first place and the tenth place! Just from this point alone, one could imagine how terrifying the personal disciples were!
After the battle just now, Luo Zheng lay on the ground and meditated to rest.
Although Luo Zheng's physique had an extremely strong recovery ability, he had to take out his peak state to meet every battle in the All-Sect Competition. Moreover, in the next battle, he was very likely to face a personal disciple.
In the first round of the Transmigration Competition, a personal disciple came out to fight.
This time, it was a young man in a yellow robe. The young man had short hair, a shaved forehead, and a pair of triangular eyes revealed a fierce aura.
"It's Wang Yun!"
"Wang Yun came out in the first battle. This year's All-Sect Competition is really interesting!"
"Since Wang Yun participated in the All-Sect Competition with the strength of Xiantian second stage three years ago, he disappeared from the Blue Cloud Sect. I didn't expect that he would appear again three years later! I don't know how much his cultivation has improved! "
"Hey, so what if he has improved? Before Luo Zheng appeared, Wang Yun was indeed very amazing. With the strength of Xiantian second stage, he was able to enter the top 100, which was rare in the Blue Cloud Sect. But now, Luo Zheng is also at Xiantian second stage, and he has defeated Zhou Dan and entered the top 50. The gap between the top 100 and the top 50 is not small. After the top 100, it is relatively easy to advance dozens of places, but after the top 50, it is extremely difficult to move one place forward. In my opinion, Wang Yun should not have entered Luo Zheng! "
"You are right. In the past, Wang Yun was not as good as Luo Zheng, but now, after three years of cultivation, Wang Yun has also entered the Illuminating Spirit realm. In the past, when he was at Xiantian second stage, he was able to fight against opponents of higher realms. How can Luo Zheng be his opponent? "
Perhaps it was because they were both at Xiantian second stage, but most of the people were almost instinctively comparing Luo Zheng and Wang Yun.
Those noisy remarks entered Wang Yun's ears, and he slowly walked to the edge of the ring and stared at Luo Zheng with his sharp eyes: "Luo Zheng, I want to fight with you!"
Everyone had not expected that Wang Yun would be so sharp. They had just compared the two and Wang Yun had already challenged Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was at Xiantian second stage, and Wang Yun had already broken through to the Illuminating Spirit realm. Presumably, his strength was at the top among the Illuminating Spirit realm disciples, and challenging Luo Zheng was a bit shameless.
"Luo Zheng, don't accept!" Mentor Wen lowered his voice and said. He did not dare to offend Wang Yun. Although Mentor Wen was Xiao Yufeng's mentor, but in terms of status, Wang Yun's master was either a Daoist master or an elder. His status was far beyond Mentor Wen's.
Luo Zheng looked at Wang Yun without fear and said indifferently: "Whether I fight or not, I will follow the arrangement of the Blue Cloud Sect. The All-Peak Competition is conducted according to the rules. If you and I are assigned to fight, I will naturally not refuse."
"Are you afraid? Don't worry, I will not let others say that I am bullying the weak. I will suppress my cultivation to the Xiantian level and have a fair fight with you! "Wang Yun continued to say.
"Ha!" Hearing Wang Yun's words, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly ignited. "I'm afraid? Wang Yun, do you know what fairness is? I still say the same thing. You don't need to suppress your cultivation. If you are assigned to fight with me, I will naturally defeat you! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, whether it was Xiao Yufeng or the disciples of the other peaks, they all took a deep breath.
At the same time, the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the 33 peaks sitting next to Xin Gui also took a deep breath. Although these disciples could only see Wang Yun on the fighting field through Xin Gui and could not see Luo Zheng from this angle, his words were transmitted to Xin Gui without missing a word.
They did not expect that Wang Yun would challenge Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was not afraid at all and even dared to speak so arrogantly. He was only at the Xiantian second stage. How confident did he have to be to say such words?
In any case, Luo Zheng's words had already been spoken.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a strange color appeared on Wang Yun's face. That color only flashed for a moment and then he said: "Okay! If you are not eliminated in the Transmigration Competition, we will have a chance to fight in the end. But if you are eliminated before meeting me, it means that you are not qualified to fight with me at all! "
Wang Yun's words were also very arrogant. One should know that Wang Yun also had to face many pro-disciples, but the logic behind his words was: I can't be eliminated!
Wang Yun indeed had the qualifications to be arrogant. After all, three years ago, he had shown a terrifying fighting strength. At the same time, he had also experienced the feeling of powerlessness when facing a Xiantian second stage powerhouse. Now that Wang Yun had made a comeback, he naturally had full confidence in facing a powerhouse of the same level as him.
"Wang Yun, please pay attention to one thing. Your current opponent is me!"
Wang Yun and Luo Zheng were talking, but at this moment, behind Wang Yun, there was a person with a gloomy face.
This person was called Pu Xingyu. Pu Xingyu was a top disciple of Huan Ling Peak and was also a powerhouse of the Illuminating God realm.
Huan Ling Peak was ranked fifth among the 33 peaks, so its strength was naturally not weak. As a top existence of Huan Ling Peak, Pu Xingyu was also a proud and arrogant person.
But after Wang Yun stepped on the stage, he did not even fight with him. Instead, he actually challenged a Xiantian second stage guy to a fight. He completely regarded him as nothing. How could Pu Xingyu endure this? Didn't this mean that Wang Yun did not regard him as an opponent at all? Instead, he regarded Luo Zheng as an opponent?
Zhou Dan had lost to Luo Zheng, but Pu Xingyu did not think that he would lose to Luo Zheng!
Hearing Pu Xingyu's words, Wang Yun turned his head and immediately grinned, "My opponent is you?"
"Yes!" Pu Xingyu nodded and took out a golden fan from Wang Yun's hand. This fan was also a high-grade spirit tool. Its whole body was shining with a brilliant golden light and its surface was covered with a layer of gold. It was very exquisite and beautiful. After the fan was unfolded, the edges of the fan were as sharp as a blade. If one was cut by this fan, then it would be more painful than being cut by a blade.
"Well." After Wang Yun finished speaking, he suddenly stepped forward and walked towards Pu Xingyu.
Although Pu Xingyu was annoyed that Wang Yun did not put him in his eyes, but he did not slack off in front of Wang Yun. After all, Wang Yun was also a famous figure in the past. When he was at the Xiantian second stage, he had swept away more than half of the people on the Clear Sky Ranking List. Now that he had reached the Divine Reflection realm, his strength could only be described as unfathomable.
Therefore, Pu Xingyu chose to gain the initiative by striking first. He gently swung the golden fan, and the entire golden fan completely unfolded. Then, he stretched out his hand and waved it.
"Huhu … …"
The golden fan spun in Pu Xingyu's hand at an extremely fast speed, and while it was spinning, it pulled out a Zhen Yuan from the surroundings of the golden fan.
Pu Xingyu's Zhen Yuan was very special. He seemed to be visualizing a very sharp object, so the Zhen Yuan pulled out by the golden fan did not turn into a specific object. Instead, it turned into a golden thread. The golden thread was thinner than the thinnest thread. If it were not for the golden light reflecting from the sun, it would be almost impossible to see it with the naked eye.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was also watching the battle with wide eyes. He had experienced this kind of attack before. It was during the Bloody Mountain Trial, when Fang Yushu used a spirit tool to pull out those invincible energy threads. At that time, Luo Zheng was cut and bruised all over by those energy threads.
The power of the golden thread pulled out by Pu Xingyu was indeed much stronger than the thin threads made by Fang Yushu. He just did not know how Wang Yun would deal with it!

Chapter 249
Pu Xingyu's silk threads were distributed in a regular pattern, like a spider's web. This web was called "Sky Snare".
In normal battles, Pu Xingyu would try his best to force his opponents into this net. Anyone who stepped into this net made of golden threads would be cut into pieces by this net.
Because this move was too bloody, Pu Xingyu hadn't used it in the previous battles. But now, facing a personal disciple, Pu Xingyu didn't dare to be careless. He knew that if he slacked off in the slightest, the person lying on the ground would be him!
Pu Xingyu thought that with Wang Yun's talent, he might be able to find a way to break his Inescapable Net. However, Wang Yun was too arrogant. He actually walked into his net without the slightest scruple. And inside the Inescapable Net, there were almost no flaws!
Since you walked into the web, don't blame me! A sneer appeared on Pu Xingyu's face. Anyone who dared to look down on him had paid the price with blood. Wang Yun, so what if your talent is outstanding? I'll make you pay even more.
With this in mind, Pu Xingyu gently tugged at the fan in his hand as one of the golden threads moved. Every golden thread was connected together with a special technique. As the saying went, pulling a single thread would move the entire body. When he tugged at the golden thread, all the golden threads on the huge net began to move and intertwine. Finally, they formed a huge net that surrounded Wang Yun!
Seeing this scene, everyone's face revealed a nervous expression.
These golden threads were as thin as hair, but extremely tough. It could be said that each golden thread represented an unparalleled sharp sword that could easily cut through the hardest bones of a person!
"Even if it's a spiritual weapon, my Sky Snare can cut it open, let alone a fragile body. Wang Yun, although you've been secretly cultivating for three years, can you block my Sky Snare?" As the Sky Snare began to close in, the space left for Wang Yun was getting smaller and smaller.
Wang Yun originally walked over at an extremely slow speed, but now he stopped. His gaze was indifferent as he looked at the net that was constantly closing in. Then, he looked at Pu Xingyu with a faint smile on his face.
This smile contained many things: contempt, disdain, indifference, and fearlessness!
Then, Wang Yun's body suddenly burst out a cloud of blood mist. The blood mist suddenly burst out and turned into layers of white bones embedded in Wang Yun's arms, knees, and chest. It was actually a set of white bone armor!
The surface of the white bone was smooth as if it was made of white jade, but it exuded an extremely sharp evil aura. That evil aura spread out, and just looking at it made one's scalp tingle. It was as if the person standing there was not Wang Yun himself, but an ancient evil lord!
"This is an evil art!" Pu Xingyu felt the waves of Evil Qi being emitted from Wang Yun's body and his expression changed greatly. He did not expect Wang Yun to actually cultivate an Evil Dao cultivation technique!
"It really is an evil cultivation method! I can feel waves of killing aura coming from his body. I didn't expect Wang Yun to actually choose the path of evil! "
"The path of the evil path is actually not easy to walk. But once you master it, your strength will be much stronger than ordinary warriors!"
In fact, the name of the evil cultivation method was only a saying passed down from ancient times. Now, there were some special cultivation methods that required extremely cruel means to cultivate. This type of cultivation method was not only cruel to others, but also to oneself.
For example, the infamous "Blood Demon Art" required the construction of a blood pool. The blood of tens of thousands of lives in the world was collected and thrown into the blood pool. The cultivator had to soak in the blood pool to exchange their blood.
In order to build the blood pool, one had to first slaughter tens of thousands of lives. This was cruel to others. When the cultivator entered the blood pool, they had to exchange their own blood with the blood pool. It was very difficult to exchange blood between people. Only the blood of relatives could exchange blood without hindrance. Furthermore, the blood pool not only contained human blood, but also the blood of animals and various Fey beasts. One could imagine the pain one had to endure by absorbing the blood into one's blood vessels. This was cruel to oneself!
The Blue Cloud Sect did not forbid the cultivation of evil cultivation methods. However, one could not slaughter others for the sake of cultivating evil cultivation methods. Of course, some Blue Cloud Sect disciples cultivated in secret. What they did was not known by others. The Blue Cloud Sect also turned a blind eye to it.
The evil cultivation method that Wang Yun cultivated was called the "White Bone Spirit Concentration Art". Wang Yun had obtained this evil cultivation method two years ago by a great opportunity. He had snuck into a mystic realm. In that mystic realm, there was a senior who suffered Qi Deviation during cultivation and passed away on the spot. Hence, Wang Yun had taken away that senior's mantle and inheritance.
Now that Wang Yun suddenly used this cultivation method, everyone was naturally shocked. They could not understand why Wang Yun, who was originally very talented, would choose to cultivate an evil cultivation method.
But soon, they understood why Wang Yun made such a choice.
The evil cultivation method that Wang Yun cultivated was far more powerful than they had imagined.
The White Bone Battle Armor was condensed in an instant. When the entire set of White Bone Battle Armor was in place, Wang Yun suddenly accelerated and flew towards Pu Xingyu.
"Pop!"
The first golden thread cut into the armor on Wang Yun's elbow. The originally invincible golden thread did not leave a single mark on the White Bone Battle Armor. It was instantly broken.
"Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop …"
After Wang Yun put on the White Bone Battle Armor, it was as if he had entered a no-man's land. More than half of the golden threads on the "Sky Snare" were instantly broken by Wang Yun! The sound of the golden threads breaking was as if someone was constantly flicking cotton.
Pu Xingyu took a deep breath of cold air. This … this …
Pu Xingyu knew the power of the Sky Snare best. He had once used a golden thread of the Sky Snare to cut a mid-grade spiritual weapon. It had also left a deep scar on the surface of a high-grade spiritual weapon! However, this golden thread did not even leave a mark on Wang Yun's White Bone Battle Armor.
The White Bone Battle Armor that was condensed from Quintessential Essence was as hard as an immortal weapon?
At this moment, Pu Xingyu felt like he was going crazy. He retreated reflexively. No disciple who could reach this step would be willing to admit defeat. Every battle in the Samsara Tournament would affect the final ranking.
Just retreating was useless. When Wang Yun had been at the Xiantian second stage, he had been an all-rounder. Whether in terms of strength or speed, he had been comparable to the best of the Xiantian Great Circle. Now, Wang Yun had stepped into the Illuminating Spirit Realm! Coupled with the fact that he cultivated this ancient evil cultivation method, Pu Xingyu was no match for him.
"Swoosh!"
More golden threads were produced from his golden fan. At the same time, he jumped up and flew into the sky!
Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could fly. However, if they did not cultivate Wind Quintessential Essence, they would not be proficient in flying when they first entered the Illuminating Spirit Realm. At this moment, Pu Xingyu had no other choice.
"Swoosh Swoosh Swoosh …"
As he flew up, the golden threads that originally represented death were constantly being deployed behind him.
These golden threads were originally Pu Xingyu's greatest reliance. Every time he used them, they were almost always successful. However, at this moment, Pu Xingyu felt a deep sense of helplessness. This feeling was as if the trump card he had prepared for a long time was as laughable as a child's toy in the eyes of his opponent.
Seeing Pu Xingyu fly up, Wang Yun's face revealed a faint expression. Then, a cloud of blood mist exploded from his back. After that cloud of blood mist dissipated, two bone wings formed behind him.
After these two bone wings formed, Wang Yun, who was wearing the White Bone Battle Armor, suddenly turned into a white meteor and flew into the sky above the arena.
Wang Yun was also in the Illuminating Spirit Realm. Generally speaking, when one entered the Illuminating Spirit Realm, one had to burn Quintessential Essence to soar into the sky. Because one's foundation was not stable, one's flying posture was far from flexible. However, Wang Yun relied on his bone wings to greatly increase his flexibility and speed!
The golden threads left behind by Pu Xingyu were like a joke in front of Wang Yun. They were quickly broken one by one.
"Don't force me!" Pu Xingyu roared at Wang Yun.
Wang Yun had no interest in answering Pu Xingyu at all. He was still charging at Pu Xingyu at an extremely fast speed.
Wang Yun's fighting style was very simple. He just relied on the White Bone Battle Armor. However, it was obvious that this evil cultivation method of his could not only rely on the White Bone Battle Armor. Wang Yun felt that dealing with Pu Xingyu was simply not worth the effort.
In mid-air, Pu Xingyu's eyes were red. His left hand gripped the golden fan tightly as he gritted his teeth and said, "Since you are going too far, don't blame me!"
What Pu Xingyu hated the most was being ignored by others. If Wang Yun had a serious fight with him at the beginning, Pu Xingyu would have calmly admitted defeat. However, Wang Yun didn't put him in his eyes at all. Pu Xingyu couldn't remain indifferent. He wanted Wang Yun to understand that there was a price to pay for looking down on others!
"Golden Flower Divine Fan!"
"Da!"
The golden fan that Pu Xingyu had put away was opened again. Then, he suddenly threw it at Wang Yun. The moment he threw it, Pu Xingyu activated the Spiritual Tool Skill of this Upper Grade Spiritual Tool!
There were many spiritual tools in the Eastern Region, but there were not many spiritual tools with Spiritual Tool Skills. Generally speaking, a Middle Grade Spiritual Tool with Spiritual Tool Skills was equivalent to a Upper Grade Spiritual Tool. A Upper Grade Spiritual Tool with Spiritual Tool Skills was equivalent to an Immortal Tool!
Why were the Phoenix Soaring Crystal and the Blood Jade Crystal that Luo Zheng had obtained so precious? Because these two crystals were enough to make a Upper Grade Spiritual Tool as good as an Immortal Tool!
Therefore, Pu Xingyu activating the Golden Flower Divine Fan in his hand was no small matter!
In mid-air, the Golden Flower Divine Fan suddenly split into countless fan shadows. Each fan shadow was spinning rapidly. All the fan shadows slashed fiercely at Wang Yun. Moreover, these fan shadows seemed to have spirituality. They were specifically aimed at the joints of Wang Yun's White Bone Armor. Although his White Bone Armor was powerful, there were always parts that could not be protected, such as the joints of the arms, the head, the waist, and the knees.
Pu Xingyu thought that as long as he cut these parts, he might have a chance to turn the tables. This Golden Flower Divine Fan could cripple Wang Yun!
However, after a faint smile appeared on Wang Yun's face, he still had no intention of dodging. At the same time, another burst of blood mist burst out from his body. After the blood mist dispersed, his whole body was completely covered by the White Bone Armor.
Seeing this scene, Pu Xingyu suddenly felt a bitter taste in his mouth. Wang Yun looked down on him. Sure enough, he had a reason to look down on him. He had no means to break this White Bone Armor. He was already in an invincible position inside the White Bone Armor.
When he thought of this, Wang Yun had already slammed into him. Then, Pu Xingyu's vision turned black and he lost consciousness.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 250
The battle between Wang Yun and Pu Xingyu was not thrilling, because from beginning to end, Wang Yun crushed Pu Xingyu one-sidedly. Pu Xingyu did not have the slightest power to fight back.
However, the elite disciples and all the pro-disciples of the 33 peaks were watching very carefully.
Most of the elite disciples and pro-disciples did not put Pu Xingyu in their eyes. They were paying attention to Wang Yun.
Three years ago, he had broken into the top 100 with the strength of Xiantian second stage, creating a miracle in the Blue Cloud Sect. Although this miracle had been broken by Luo Zheng, no one dared to ignore Wang Yun's strength.
Moreover, Wang Yun had been practicing in secret for three years, and now he had entered the Divine Reflection Realm. During these three years, no one had seen him fight, so no one knew the depth of his strength. As a potential opponent, Luo Zheng naturally needed to pay attention to him.
Unfortunately, Pu Xingyu was defeated too quickly. Apart from letting Wang Yun show off his incomparably sturdy armor, it had no other effect.
But just that set of Bone Armor was enough to attract the attention of all the elites and pro-disciples present. That set of Bone Armor's defensive power was comparable to that of a fairy weapon, and could resist almost all kinds of damage. If Wang Yun could not break this set of Bone Armor, he would be in an invincible position.
Outside the arena, Luo Zheng was also secretly paying attention. This Bone Armor was indeed difficult to deal with, but he did not necessarily have no way to deal with it. For example, he could use the means of soul attack, or use the broken flying dagger. The flying dagger's sharp penetrating power should be able to penetrate the Bone Armor, but Luo Zheng did not believe that Wang Yun only had this trump card. Everything could only be tested in the arena.
This Peak Wide Competition was destined to be incomparably difficult. Just Wang Yun alone had such strength, and Wang Yun might not be the strongest among the personal disciples. In addition, he still had to face the top disciples of the various peaks!
Even in the face of these experts, Luo Zheng was not discouraged at all. On the contrary, he was immersed in a contradictory state of mind that was both excited and calm from the beginning to the end! Excitement could improve his fighting spirit, and let him maintain a normal state of excitement, while calmness could let him clearly evaluate his opponents. Only by keeping a calm mind could he deal with these powerful opponents calmly.
Another round of the Transmigration Competition passed.
After entering the Transmigration Competition, with the addition of personal disciples, the intensity of the competition increased by several times. Especially the battle between the peak disciples and personal disciples, it was the biggest highlight!
In the Blue Cloud Sect, the status of a personal disciple was undoubtedly much higher than that of a peak disciple. However, personal disciples were only a lucky few who were chosen by the Elders and Enlightened Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect to become their personal disciple.
Although they didn't say it out loud, they were actually holding back their anger. So what if he was a personal disciple? The disciples of the 33 peaks don't even need to be taught by a master. We can still beat you up! Therefore, as long as it was a battle between a peak disciple and a personal disciple, most people would stand on the peak disciple's side.
Unfortunately, the personal disciples were often stronger than the inner disciples of the peaks. Even the top disciples of the major peaks found it difficult to fight against the personal disciples. In these four rounds, three of the top inner disciples of the 33 peaks had been defeated by the personal disciples.
When it came to the fifth round, the referee announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus personal disciple Wang Yanmiao!"
Wang Yanmiao?
Hearing this name, Luo Zheng's eyebrows immediately stood up like two sharp swords.
That day in Purgatory Mountain, Wang Yanmiao wanted to force Luo Zheng to kneel with great power! However, Luo Zheng relied on the power of the dragon scales and his tyrannical body to forcibly resist the pressure. Moreover, he comprehended the Heavenly Demon God Fist under this pressure!
At that time, even if Luo Zheng comprehended the Heavenly Demon God Fist, he was still far from being Wang Yanmiao's opponent. After all, Wang Yanmiao had already entered Radiant Spirit at that time, and Luo Zheng wasn't even a Xiantian lifeform at that time!
Fortunately, Su Lingyun hurried over at that crucial time. Otherwise, Luo Zheng's end wasn't hard to imagine.
However, what made Luo Zheng even more upset was that this person's target wasn't him, but rather his younger sister, Luo Yan!
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng's sharp eyebrows also gradually smoothed out, changing into a gloomy and cold expression. Ever since he participated in the Peak Competition, Luo Zheng had never shown this kind of expression.
On the side, Teacher Wen and Zuo Yun both felt that Luo Zheng's expression wasn't good. From their contact with Luo Zheng, they had long understood that Luo Zheng wouldn't be like this even if he was facing a thorny opponent. Even if it was his personal disciple, Luo Zheng, he wouldn't easily admit defeat. Luo Zheng's change seemed to have some hidden reason.
"Luo Zheng, are you alright?" Zuo Yun asked cautiously.
Luo Zheng suddenly revealed a smile. His smile was a bit brilliant. "I'm fine. I'm just in a bad mood. I want to give someone a good beating!"
"Give someone a good beating?" Zuo Yun sucked in a breath of cold air and looked at the empty fighting arena. Luo Zheng's opponent didn't seem to have arrived yet.
"Yes!" Luo Zheng's face was cold, and then he walked towards the fighting arena.
Wang Yanmiao wasn't at the scene of the Peak Competition, but when it was his turn to fight, he rushed over.
In the air, a young man stood with his hands clasped behind his back, walking step by step in the air. There seemed to be a transparent staircase in the air, supporting Wang Yanmiao's steps. And every time he took a step, a lotus bloomed. Lotuses bloomed with every step he took! Wang Yanmiao's body emitted a gentle and refined aura.
Seeing this scene, many inner disciples were amazed. Although many inner disciples knew that it wasn't difficult to achieve this after entering the Divine Reflection Realm, Wang Yanmiao's temperament, which revealed lotus blossoms with every step he took, could easily subdue people!
At this moment, many female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak also let out soft screams. Wang Yanmiao's appearance had livened up the atmosphere in the fighting arena.
Among the direct disciples, Junior Sister Mo curled her lips and sneered. "Wang Yanmiao is really disgusting. He always thinks he's the one. Every time he fights, he causes such a big scene!"
Senior Brother Pei, who was next to Junior Sister Mo, heard this and laughed. "Junior Sister Mo, don't you want to poke a few holes in Wang Yanmiao?"
"Humph, of course! If I were assigned to fight with him, I would definitely poke a few holes in his body. Let's see how he acts every time! Let's see how he acts in the future! "Junior Sister Mo pouted and said.
Luo Zheng stood on the fighting arena, unmoving like a mountain. He looked at Wang Yanmiao who was slowly walking down from midair. His expression was grave and stern, not saying a word.
Meanwhile, after Wang Yanmiao slowly descended from the arena, a faint smile hung on her face. "Brother Luo Zheng, I trust you've been well since we last met. I really didn't expect you to enter the Peak Wide Competition so quickly. It really is unexpected. I remember that I said that I would give you three years of time. Right now, only half a year has passed since the trip to Purgatory Mountain. I will be lenient today, so you don't have to look like you're facing a great enemy!"
"Lenient? As if I'm facing a great enemy? " Luo Zheng repeated Wang Yanmiao's words. Then, he suddenly roared with laughter. "Hahaha, Wang Yanmiao, I really heard a great joke!"
Wang Yanmiao's face revealed a hint of shock. She asked, "What joke?"
"First, I don't need you to be lenient! You don't have the qualifications! Second, I don't look like I'm facing a great enemy either. It's just that when I thought about how my younger sister Luo Yan is still in Purgatory Mountain, and how you are a toad lusting after swan meat, having designs on my younger sister, I feel extremely displeased. Do you understand? I am only displeased, and not 'as if I'm facing a great enemy' as you think! "Luo Zheng said with a sneer.
Whoosh —
Luo Zheng's words were spoken one word at a time, spoken with incomparable clarity. Everyone heard it clearly.
At first, they felt that Luo Zheng suddenly became extremely domineering, even feeling a bit puzzled. In the previous battles, Luo Zheng's performance was still extremely low-key, not saying too much along the way. However, right now, Luo Zheng seemed to have suddenly become a different person, his entire being becoming domineering and unreasonable!
However, when they heard the following words, everyone immediately understood. At the same time, they all sank into deep shock!
"What? Wang Yanmiao has designs on Luo Zheng's younger sister? Who is his younger sister? "
"Didn't Luo Zheng say it already? His younger sister is Luo Yan! "
"Which Luo Yan? Don't tell me he's talking about that Luo Yan locked up in Purgatory Mountain? Heavens, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan are brother and sister? If that's really the case, then these two siblings are just too abnormal, right?! Just the younger sister's strength is already so terrifying, and now there's an even more monstrous older brother … "
In that instant, everyone was talking about all sorts of things.
The people of the Eastern Region revered martial prowess, but most of them were men. Blue Cloud Sect's thirty-three peaks only had a single Jade Maiden Peak that accommodated female disciples.
Female martial artists couldn't occupy the majority in the Eastern Region. After all, the number of female disciples was ninety percent less than male disciples, so the difficulty of producing geniuses naturally increased by many times.
That was why female disciples had always been looked down upon.
However, Luo Yan's appearance basically broke this convention. She alone brought Jade Maiden Peak, which had always been ranked at the bottom, all the way to the height of number two among the thirty-three peaks!
Although there were quite a few legends in the Blue Cloud Sect, all of the legendary records were completed by male disciples. However, Luo Yan's appearance filled this gap. She used her extraordinary talent, absolute strength, and astonishing beauty to crush almost all of the disciples, standing at the peak of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples!
What was even more terrifying was that Luo Yan wasn't even fifteen years old back then …
Her talent was close to monstrous.
Most of the disciples understood the existence of Luo Yan, this genius female disciple. However, after the Peak Competition, Luo Yan offended the Qilin Yun Family and was banished to Purgatory Mountain. Most of the disciples weren't too clear on the details! They only knew that Luo Yan committed a crime and was banished to Purgatory Mountain.
When Luo Zheng investigated this matter, he also learned about it from Zhang Wuxian's mouth. As for Zhang Wuxian's ability to gather information, there weren't many people in the Burning Heaven Empire who were better than him.
Luo Zheng didn't listen to the discussions of the crowd in the slightest. He faced Wang Yanmiao and continued, "As for your so-called bullshit Three Year Agreement, it was your own decision. To challenge me three years later, you really think too highly of yourself. Three years later, my growth will definitely be something that you can't hope to catch up to. You don't have the qualifications at all! Forget about three years later, do you think you have absolute confidence in winning today's battle? "

Chapter 251
"The younger generation will surpass us in time? Haha! Wang Yanmiao, you're just a few years older than me. Even if you've stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, are you really stronger than me? Who gave you the confidence to call me a younger generation? "Luo Zheng sneered.
At the All-Peak Grand Competition, everyone was still discussing whether or not Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's brother and was shocked by the truth.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, everyone was even more flabbergasted.
The strength that Luo Zheng revealed before was indeed powerful, but that was only for the top disciples of the 33 peaks.
Defeating Zhuge Xi was already a miracle for Luo Zheng, who was at Xiantian second stage. Using his strange purple-black True Core Force to defeat Zhou Dan, Luo Zheng had already created a miracle among miracles.
But …
Whether it was Zhuge Xi or Zhou Dan, they were only the top disciples of the 33 peaks. Among the 33 peaks, they were indeed the top existences. Their strength might be second only to Hua Tianming, Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and the others. However, there was still a clear gap between their strength and that of the personal disciples.
Back then, Wang Yun, who was at Xiantian second stage, had shown strength that far exceeded his peers because he was a personal disciple.
In every All-Peak Grand Competition, the first, second, and third places were usually taken by the personal disciples. In so many All-Peak Grand Competitions, only a few disciples of the 33 peaks reached the top. And when the personal disciples were strong, the disciples of the 33 peaks couldn't even enter the top 20.
From this, it could be seen how big the gap between the disciples of the 33 peaks and the personal disciples was. Although the number of personal disciples was small, the Blue Cloud Sect poured a lot of resources into them. Moreover, they were personally taught by their own masters! No personal disciple could be underestimated.
And Wang Yanmiao, even among the personal disciples, was one of the best!
According to the ranking of the Azure Cloud Proclamation, Wang Yanmiao had already entered the top 15 last year. However, the ranking of the personal disciples on the Azure Cloud Proclamation was no longer counted.
The reason was that the personal disciples rarely fought and their speed of improvement was very fast. This ranking was simply unable to measure their true strength.
Perhaps Wang Yanmiao was ranked 15th on the Ascension Rankings, but with his true strength, it was possible for him to be ranked 1st on the Ascension Rankings.
If those timid disciples of the 33 peaks encountered Wang Yanmiao, it would be as if they were facing a powerful senior. They wouldn't even be able to speak clearly.
Luo Zheng's words just now was already boundlessly arrogant!
Wang Yanmiao, who had always been calm, had an increasingly ugly expression on his face. No matter what he said, Luo Zheng would always counter with sharp words, while Wang Yanmiao was unable to counter Luo Zheng because of his pride. This anger had been suppressed in his heart, and it had already caused his face to be dyed with an ashen color.
However, Wang Yanmiao was Wang Yanmiao after all. Having grown to such a level, he naturally understood that a cultivator had to remain calm at all times. He revolved his True Essence and formed an extremely beautiful white lotus in his hand. Then, he reached out and crushed the white lotus. An icy cold feeling came from the broken lotus.
After a while, Wang Yanmiao's expression returned to normal. A faint smile even appeared on his face. "Not bad, Luo Zheng. You just succeeded in infuriating me. I know your plan. You hoped that after infuriating me, I would make a mistake in battle. That way, you would have a glimmer of hope to defeat me. You did it! But you are destined to pay the price! "
As soon as Wang Yanmiao's voice fell, dots of red light appeared beside him. Those dots of fire were like small flames. In an instant, they bloomed into lotus flowers. After those lotus flowers appeared, they floated towards Luo Zheng.
"Wang Yanmiao's strength seems to have improved during this period of time. I have never seen those snow-white lotus flowers before. But no matter how much he has improved, I will fight today. Not only for myself, but also for Luo Yan!"
In the face of Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers, six Heavenly Demon Phantoms appeared behind Luo Zheng. They were not inferior to Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers in terms of speed and strength.
On the high platform, Shi Jingtian was sitting on a large chair. He tilted his head and put his other hand on the armrest of the chair. He frowned and said in a doubtful tone, "Elder Xu, do you think that as the Sect Leader, I am becoming less and less important in the Blue Cloud Sect?"
Elder Xu's heart trembled when he heard Shi Jingtian's words. He asked cautiously, "What do you mean, Sect Leader?"
"You said that Luo Zheng is a disciple with such great potential. Moreover, he is Luo Yan's brother. But as the Sect Leader, I don't know anything about him. Why is that? " Shi Jingtian felt that this was very abnormal. With Luo Zheng's talent, he was at Xiantian second stage and was on par with a powerhouse of Divine realm. This kind of disciple should at least have Tian grade talent. Shi Jingtian didn't often walk around in the Blue Cloud Sect. Could it be that all the elders of the Blue Cloud Sect were blind? Or were those deacons also blind?
In the final analysis, the Blue Cloud Sect served the Cloud Hall. It helped the Cloud Hall to unearth the talented disciples of the Eastern region. In order to unearth the talented disciples to the greatest extent, the Blue Cloud Sect had designed a set of reasonable rules. For example, whenever a deacon found a disciple who had an outstanding performance in a secret practice area, he would report it to his superiors. And the reward for unearthing the talented disciples would also be given to the deacons.
Under this set of rules, as long as a disciple had an outstanding performance, he would not be buried.
Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian second stage, but he was able to surpass all the difficulties in the Peak Competition. This was enough to prove his talent.
According to Shi Jingtian's judgment, Luo Zheng's talent could already be regarded as Tian grade talent!
People were born unequal, and some people were destined to be much more powerful than others in terms of martial arts talent.
Therefore, some people divided the talents into three categories: Heaven, Earth, and Human. According to the strength of the Eastern region, a disciple with a Human grade talent could be regarded as a genius. Generally speaking, a disciple with a Human grade talent would sooner or later reach Divine realm.
And an Earth grade talent was enough to make the Blue Cloud Sect attach great importance to a disciple. Whether it was a pro-disciple or a top inner disciple of the 33 peaks, almost half of them could be regarded as Earth grade talent.
And a Tian grade talent was very rare. A disciple with a Tian grade talent would not only be valued by the Blue Cloud Sect, but even the colossus of the Blue Cloud Sect — — Cloud Hall would also attach great importance to such a disciple!
However, talent was originally used to measure the possibility of a disciple's future growth! This standard was somewhat illusory, and it could only be highlighted with a certain degree of comparison.
According to Shi Jingtian's judgment, saying that Luo Zheng had a Tian grade talent was actually a conservative statement. He felt that Luo Zheng was at least a Tian grade talent, and with his current monstrous performance, it was very likely that he was a Saint grade talent!
Luo Zheng's talent had indeed surprised Shi Jingtian, but it wasn't enough to make him angry.
What made Shi Jingtian angry was why no one had told him that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's brother!
Luo Yan's matter was very important. Since her brother had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, no one had told him about Luo Zheng's existence. At this moment, Shi Jingtian felt that the group of people under him had completely disregarded him as the Sect Master.
"Luo Zheng was taken in by Su Lingyun and was under Xiao Yufeng. Perhaps everyone was apprehensive about Su Lingyun's identity …" Elder Xu thought for a while before coming up with this reason.
"Su Lingyun? Su Qian's daughter? "Shi Jingtian frowned and asked.
Elder Xu nodded his head. "Su Lingyun is Luo Zheng's mentor, so it's impossible that she didn't know about it. Perhaps she suppressed it and didn't report it."
"Let's not care about that little girl for now. Elder Xu, I know that you are speaking up for those Elders. Su Lingyun is only a mentor under Xiao Yufeng. Even if she wanted to suppress it, her influence couldn't be that long. Could it be that Luo Zheng didn't enter any of the secret cultivation grounds? Didn't any of the Deacons secretly report it? I don't believe it! Investigate it for me! Send someone to check the records of Luo Zheng's cultivation for the past few months. I want to ask those deacons if their eyes are on their butts! "Shi Jingtian said without giving up.
In the face of Sect Head Shi's anger, Elder Xu didn't dare to be negligent. He immediately agreed and sent someone to investigate Luo Zheng's cultivation records for the past few months.
In order to appease the Sect Head's anger, Elder Xu was extremely busy. However, the battle in the arena was getting more and more intense.
Numerous demonic lotus flowers bloomed continuously, forming a torrent of lotus flowers that rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had suffered from these lotus flowers before. A single lotus flower weighed more than ten cauldrons. If this lotus flower stuck to Luo Zheng's body, it would severely affect his speed.
Not only that, Wang Yanmiao released several lotus flowers that enveloped Luo Zheng. She wanted to use this extremely strong lotus flowers to suppress Luo Zheng.
"Do you think I'm so easily suppressed by you? Dream on! "
Wang Yanmiao's "Lotus Flowers Killing Intent" had an effect on Luo Zheng. At this moment, Luo Zheng was using sword steps, twisting left and right as he moved around the arena. At the same time, he was controlling the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms to fiercely attack those lotus flowers.
"Puff puff puff …"
How powerful was the Heavenly Demon Phantoms?
Under this collision, the lotuses were suddenly smashed into pieces, turning into tens of thousands of petals that scattered across the arena. The ground was a mess, and the petals soon turned into wisps of true essence that dissipated between the heavens and earth. The Quintessential Qi borrowed from heaven and earth would have to be returned sooner or later.
However, although the Heavenly Demon Phantoms were powerful, Luo Zheng could only summon six of them. In comparison, Wang Yanmiao only needed to wave her hand and hundreds of lotus flowers would appear. Although the majority of the lotus flowers were smashed into pieces by the Heavenly Demon Phantoms, there were still some lotus flowers that squeezed through the gaps between the Heavenly Demon Phantoms and chased after Luo Zheng.
Facing these lotus flowers, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest fear.
Previously, he was able to resist the pressure of these lotus flowers. Now, it was even better. He could use the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence to absorb these lotus flowers.
However, the moment Luo Zheng released the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence and made contact with those lotus flowers, those lotus flowers suddenly changed color. The originally very bright lotus flowers now flickered with an even more demonic red light.

Chapter 252
As soon as Luo Zheng took a step back, the lotus flower at the very front suddenly blossomed. The instant that lotus flower exploded, streaks of red lotus flames were produced. The temperature of the red lotus flames was extremely high, as if it could devour all things in this world!
Even though Luo Zheng had just retreated extremely quickly, he still couldn't avoid being affected a bit. He was blasted back two zhang by the explosion of the lotus flower, and only when Luo Zheng smashed heavily into the barrier did he stop.
"I know that your true essence is extremely strange, as if it can even devour my lotus flower. Last time, it was already devoured by you in Purgatory Mountain, so how could you make the same mistake a second time?" Wang Yanmiao said with a sneer, "Do you think that you can win against me just by relying on your strange true essence? What I want to tell you is that you are dreaming! If I say three years, then three years is three years. Right now, you still don't have the qualifications to be my opponent. I don't even need an incense stick's worth of time to get rid of you! "
Wang Yanmiao continuously summoned lotus flowers, clashing with Luo Zheng's six Sky Devil Phantoms while speaking leisurely. While speaking, the lotus flower killing intent released from his body flourished more and more. At the same time, another lotus flower slowly blossomed at the center of the arena.
The ordinary lotus flower Wang Yanmiao summoned was only the size of a palm, all different colors. For example, the red lotus could produce an extremely powerful explosive effect, while the ice lotus could produce an extremely cold freezing effect. However, compared to the continuously growing lotus flower in the arena, it was different. It was a white lotus flower.
As soon as this white lotus flower appeared, it began to frantically grow, becoming larger. From the size of a fist, it became the size of a water bucket, and then it became a zhang wide, half zhang tall giant!
Wang Yanmiao stared at Luo Zheng, revealing a faint smile. He casually walked up a petal of this white lotus flower. When he stood at the center of the petal, the aura he released suddenly erupted with tenfold power.
The aura that erupted from Wang Yanmiao's body seemed to have condensed into substance at this moment!
Pa, pa, pa …
Some of the stone slabs in the arena were crushed in an instant, as if they were crushed by several elephants. Dense cracks appeared on the slabs.
This pressure came from Wang Yanmiao's aura!
High up in the air, Wang Yanmiao stood in the center of the lotus flower like an emperor, exuding a majestic aura. The moment he stepped onto the white lotus flower, he was like an emperor ascending to the throne!
"I didn't want to use this move to deal with you, but since you are so unconvinced, I'll make you accept your defeat wholeheartedly. I'll make you understand that giving you three years is already giving you face. While you are growing, I am also growing. Not to mention three years, even if you have 30 years, you are still not my opponent," Wang Yanmiao said to Luo Zheng indifferently.
The fighting stage in the arena had been reinforced by a formation. Although it looked like the fighting stage was made of stone, its hardness and strength were stronger than steel!
If they wanted to crush the stage, they would first have to crush the barrier on the stage. From the looks of it, some of the weaker parts of the barrier had already been crushed by the terrifying gravity emitted by Wang Yanmiao.
Under such a strong gravity, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that his body was incomparably heavy. This gravity was much more terrifying than the gravity on the Limitless Path when he participated in the Sea Test.
"It's only a few dozen times the gravity. I think you're going to blow yourself into the sky. Since that's the case, let me break your formation!" Luo Zheng snorted coldly. More than a hundred dragon scales on his body suddenly lit up, and the power in his body surged out like a tide. Then, Luo Zheng stared at the terrifying gravity and rushed towards Wang Yanmiao.
"Only this little bit of gravity?" Wang Yanmiao smiled. His middle finger slightly bent, and his little finger and index finger gently pointed at Luo Zheng.
"Flower Pinching Finger!"
With this point, the gravity in the entire arena suddenly disappeared without a trace, but in the next moment, it was all concentrated on Luo Zheng.
The gravity that was originally scattered throughout the arena was now concentrated on one point! The gravity instantly increased from a few dozen times to a few hundred times!
"Boom …"
Luo Zheng's body was like a collapsing mountain. He crashed heavily into the fighting ring, creating a deep pit in the fighting ring.
Wang Yanmiao shook her head. "You're already unable to deal with the gravity. You don't even have the qualifications to make me draw my weapon!"
Luo Zheng had just climbed out of the pit when Wang Yanmiao stood in the center of the white lotus. She pointed at Luo Zheng again, and Luo Zheng was once again pressed back into the pit with a muffled boom.
The power that erupted from the battle between the two had already attracted the attention of all the Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
"Wang Yanmiao is so strong … Luo Zheng was born with divine strength! The power that erupted from before was already so terrifying, but Wang Yanmiao only used one finger to press Luo Zheng to the ground. How much strength does that require? "
"If you don't know, then don't ask questions! Strength? She can suppress Luo Zheng to the point that he can't get up with just one finger? Do you think Wang Yanmiao is an immortal? It wasn't Wang Yanmiao's strength that suppressed Luo Zheng, but Wang Yanmiao borrowed the lotus under his feet to change the gravity on the arena! In other words, Luo Zheng was pressed to the ground by his own strength! "
"Even so, it's still quite amazing. However, both of them are abnormal, and Luo Zheng is also abnormal. With such a strong gravity, if it were me, I'm afraid that I would have already been crushed into a meat patty. That Luo Zheng still managed to get up time and time again as if nothing had happened …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng still didn't panic. Although he got up time and time again, he was pressed back down by the gravity again and again. However, just by relying on the suppression of gravity, it was destined that he wouldn't be injured. Instead, under the heavy pressure, he relied on the warm currents to temper his body! Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry. At most, he would be in a difficult situation. In a battle between the strong, it didn't matter if he was in a difficult situation. The most important thing was who would win!
In this battle, Wang Yanmiao was also very patient.
Previously, he had been berated by Luo Zheng, which had made him lose face. Now, Wang Yanmiao wanted everyone to understand that this Luo Zheng wasn't even worthy of carrying his shoes!
"Luo Zheng, didn't you boast that you are very strong? Do you think that I am not your opponent? Why can't you even defeat one of my fingers? "Wang Yanmiao said with a smile.
Wang Yanmiao was exaggerating when he said that he couldn't defeat one of Luo Zheng's fingers. After all, even for Wang Yanmiao, maintaining such a strong gravity was not an easy task. However, Wang Yanmiao was very happy to be able to suppress Luo Zheng to this extent!
While Wang Yanmiao was happy, he had forgotten that Luo Zheng was just like an ant to him. What was there to be happy about defeating an ant? He was happy because in fact, it proved that Luo Zheng indeed had the strength to fight with him. He had already regarded Luo Zheng as an equal opponent.
However, he had forgotten that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage.
"Peng, peng, peng … …"
Luo Zheng climbed up again and again, but Wang Yanmiao pressed him down again and again.
"Don't you have a strange throwing knife? Why don't you use it? "
"Don't you know how to use soul attacks? Why are you still hiding them? "
"I thought you were very strong, but I didn't expect you to be so weak. I don't know how many of your arrogant words can you remember?"
Wang Yanmiao taunted Luo Zheng while suppressing him.
Hearing Wang Yanmiao's words, it seemed that Luo Zheng still had other trump cards?
"Luo Zheng still has a weapon! Throwing knife? He hasn't used it yet! "
"Listening to Wang Yanmiao, it seems that Luo Zheng also knows how to use soul attacks? Soul attacks are very difficult to master even after reaching the Divine realm. He is only at the Xiantian second stage, so how can he still have these trump cards? This Luo Zheng is really unfathomable! "
Many disciples became vigilant. If they could know some of the opponent's trump cards in advance, they would be able to guard against Luo Zheng at any time.
Wang Yanmiao deliberately said these words. He wanted to expose all of Luo Zheng's trump cards to vent his anger at Luo Zheng's ridicule. Wang Yanmiao was an outstanding pro-disciple, so when had he ever been scolded by an inner disciple like this?
Not to mention Luo Zheng, even Xie Yun and Wu Xie wouldn't dare to do this!
At this time, Luo Zheng once again climbed out of the pit and said with a smile on his face: "I am indeed not strong, but you, Wang Yanmiao, are even weaker than me. Do you expect to crush me to death with this little bit of gravity? Then you are doomed to be disappointed! "
Luo Zheng jumped up and stepped on the sword steps, and with a strange angle, he constantly dodged in the arena.
"Boom!"
Wang Yanmiao stretched out her hand and pointed at nothing. She only pointed at one of Luo Zheng's afterimages. The huge gravity directly pressed a huge crater into the ground!
Wang Yanmiao pointed again, but still didn't hit Luo Zheng, and a big pit appeared on the ground.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
With Wang Yanmiao constantly pointing at Luo Zheng, one pit after another continuously formed in the arena, and the entire arena became bumpy, as if it was a construction site that had been dug with potholes. How could it still look like a fighting arena?
Luo Zheng's sword steps had been operated to the extreme, but because Luo Zheng was still hiding his sword intent, his sword steps couldn't be used to attack like Hua Tianming's.
Although Wang Yanmiao was Luo Zheng's strong enemy, Luo Zheng had more than one strong enemy. On the road to the All-Peak Competition, there were many opponents that Luo Zheng couldn't deal with, so he had to hold back.
"Like a rabbit, you only know how to run?" Wang Yanmiao chased Luo Zheng while using his Flower Picking Finger.
Just as he released his finger, Luo Zheng's speed suddenly doubled. With a leap, he jumped down from high above. At the same time, the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms on standby also surrounded Wang Yanmiao, who was in the center of the white lotus flower, from all directions.
"Who said I only know how to run?" Luo Zheng rushed in front of Wang Yanmiao and smiled faintly.
Then, a huge fist shadow suddenly formed and blasted toward Wang Yanmiao!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 253
Wang Yanmiao raised his eyebrows slightly when he saw the punch. With a wave of his hand, hundreds of lotus flowers danced in front of him.
Wang Yanmiao had experienced Luo Zheng's fist shadow in Purgatory Mountain. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a half-step to Innate Realm, but he managed to clash head-on with him with that fist shadow!
A half-step to Innate Realm brat could actually clash head-on with him! At that time, Wang Yanmiao was also very shocked and even confused, so this punch left a deep impression on him.
When Luo Zheng was still a half-step to Innate Realm, he could already unleash such a terrifying punch with his Innate Qi. Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Innate Realm, his Innate Qi had transformed into Innate Qi. This punch was even more solid, heavy, and powerful!
After all, Wang Yanmiao was also half a genius. He was now the pride of the entire Wang Family. To be able to become a direct disciple, and one of the best among the direct disciples, which one of them was easy to deal with?
He had already thought of a countermeasure against Luo Zheng's Demonic God Fist.
The hundreds of lotus flowers around him formed a triangle, leaving a lot of space between each lotus flower. The entire triangle formed by lotus flowers rushed towards Luo Zheng's fist shadow.
The moment the fist shadow and the lotus flowers clashed, it began to devour the lotus flowers in the front row. The originally beautiful red lotus flowers were instantly devoured and transformed by the Heavenly Demon True Essence …
In fact, the Heavenly Demon True Essence's devouring ability had already been demonstrated in the previous battle between Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan. However, at that time, other than Zhou Dan himself, the spectators did not see it clearly.
After all, the Heavenly Demon Phantom had transformed into Innate Qi to devour the Innate Qi in Zhou Dan's Righteous Song. Many people thought that the two were using Innate Qi to compete.
Only Zhou Dan himself knew how terrifying Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence was. That Innate Qi was simply devouring his Righteous Song. If not for the layer of golden Righteous Qi on the surface of Zhou Dan's Righteous Song, it would have been devoured in an instant by the Heavenly Demon True Essence!
Previously, the spectators did not see how the Heavenly Demon True Essence devoured, but now they saw it clearly. The red lotus flowers were being devoured by the black fist shadow, turning into black lotus flowers.
"Eh? Why would there be a black lotus? "A disciple asked in bewilderment.
"Those lotus flowers seem to have the same color as Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan! No, this lotus seems to be controlled by Luo Zheng! "
"Indeed. Rather than saying that he controlled it, it would be better to say that Luo Zheng's Zhenyuan directly swallowed it. What kind of cultivation method is Luo Zheng practicing? Why was it so strange? Not only could Zhen Yuan transform and reform itself, but it could also use Zhen Yuan to devour other people's Zhen Yuan. With this kind of Zhen Yuan, wouldn't one be in an invincible position? How sensational! "
"I thought that Luo Zheng would be defeated by Wang Yanmiao, but it seems that the outcome is still uncertain! However, Wang Yanmiao's technique is also very clever. It seems that he already knew that Luo Zheng's Zhenqi could devour his lotuses. You see, the gaps between the lotuses are very wide, which greatly increases the difficulty for Luo Zheng to devour. "
Some people only saw that the lotus flowers had changed color, but some people could see that Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers had been devoured by Luo Zheng, and some people could see that Wang Yanmiao seemed to have already found a way to deal with it.
"If I didn't know that your Zhen Yuan had the ability to devour, I'm afraid that it would be difficult for me to deal with it today. However, with the previous example, how could I repeat the same mistake?" Wang Yanmiao sneered, and with a wave of his hand, all the lotuses bloomed at the same time.
"Boom …"
Just one red lotus erupting, and the energy it produced was so terrifying, not to mention dozens of lotuses erupting at the same time. The turbulent Red Lotus Strange Fire immediately enveloped Luo Zheng's fist shadows and the black lotus flowers that had been devoured, and burned them to ashes in a short time.
Wang Yanmiao had no choice but to detonate his own lotus flowers and Luo Zheng's fist shadows at the same time. There was no other way, Luo Zheng's black fist shadows were too abnormal. Wang Yanmiao thought for a long time, and found that other than this method, there was no other way to deal with it.
Even if he came up with a countermeasure, Wang Yanmiao could only fight to a draw with Luo Zheng.
If he didn't do this, the Zhen Yuan contained in Luo Zheng's fist shadows could devour all his lotuses, and at that time, he would be the one to lose!
"Your fist technique has been broken by me. I'd like to see what else you can rely on next." Wang Yanmiao said faintly, and more lotuses bloomed around Wang Yanmiao. Luo Zheng's cultivation method was special and rare, but the 《Lotus Treasure Mirror》 he cultivated was also not bad. Not to mention, Wang Yanmiao had an absolute advantage in terms of realm, so Wang Yanmiao was not in a hurry.
In fact, from the bottom of his heart, Wang Yanmiao already felt a trace of fear towards Luo Zheng's growth.
Luo Zheng's growth speed was too fast. In just half a year, Luo Zheng had the strength to fight head-on with him. If Luo Zheng was really given three years to grow, he was afraid that it would really be like Luo Zheng said. After three years, he was afraid that he would not be able to catch up to Luo Zheng!
Therefore, Wang Yanmiao had to take action. He had to force out all of Luo Zheng's abilities, all of his trump cards, and all of his reliance, and then calmly defeat him. In this way, he would be able to fully attack Luo Zheng's self-confidence and crush Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts into pieces!
The heart of martial arts was the driving force that supported a warrior to move forward. It was a kind of state of mind that would never admit defeat. But when it encountered failure, the heart of martial arts would suffer a blow. If the blow was too big, then the heart of martial arts would shatter and turn into a heart demon, making it impossible for him to make any progress on the road of martial arts!
In Wang Yanmiao's view, Luo Zheng had been able to surpass all the difficulties and come all the way to this point in the All-Peak Competition. His strength was a big factor, but no matter how strong Luo Zheng was, he was only at the Xiantian second stage. His biggest reliance was that strange dark purple Zhen Yuan!
As long as he could come up with a countermeasure to Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan, it would be equivalent to restraining Luo Zheng's strongest means!
Luo Zheng only had the innate divine power, so for Wang Yanmiao, he was just a clown. He had plenty of time to play tricks on Luo Zheng in the arena.
"My reliance?" Luo Zheng smiled calmly.
Up until now, there were still many cards that Luo Zheng hadn't used. However, even though Wang Yanmiao was strong, Luo Zheng didn't plan to use them. Wang Yanmiao could be considered a well-known figure among the direct disciples, but he wasn't the most powerful! If he wanted to seize first place in the All-Peak Competition, Luo Zheng had to maintain restraint.
He naturally wouldn't use all of his trump cards just because of a few words from Wang Yanmiao. That was the behavior of a brute.
"Excuse me, but even if I don't have anything else to rely on, what can you do to me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Frankly speaking, Wang Yanmiao's methods were indeed not bad. After exchanging blows once in Purgatory Mountain, he remembered the characteristics of Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan, and even came up with a countermeasure.
Generally speaking, the strong rarely took the initiative to pay attention to the weak. At that time in Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng was only half a step into Xiantian. For Wang Yanmiao, who was at the Divine Reflection Realm, he was someone not worth mentioning at all. If not for the fact that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's older brother, he might not even be bothered to give him a glance.
It was just like how humans would never pay attention to an ant. Even if that ant was very special, it was still just an ant in the end!
However, Wang Yanmiao was able to sense it, and even came up with a countermeasure to deal with Luo Zheng's methods. From this point alone, one could see that Wang Yanmiao's thoughts were already extremely meticulous.
However, even if Wang Yanmiao could deal with Luo Zheng's Sky Devil Zhen Yuan, what could he do to Luo Zheng?
With Luo Zheng's body that was comparable to a mid-grade spiritual artifact, Wang Yanmiao's methods couldn't do anything to him at all. Even though Wang Yanmiao's Red Lotus Strange Flame was quite destructive, indeed able to injure or even defeat Luo Zheng under the burning of Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng's Sky Devil Phantom wasn't just for decoration either!
As for the super gravity created by Wang Yanmiao's "Lotus Killing Intent", apart from being able to firmly press Luo Zheng to the ground, it couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng. For Wang Yanmiao, Luo Zheng was just like a copper pea that couldn't be bitten or smashed.
"What can I do to you? Hahaha … Do you really think that you're invincible just because you have copper skin and iron bones? Then I'll let you understand just how big the gap is between you and me! "Wang Yanmiao smiled faintly, and then pulled out a sword from his hand.
Wang Yanmiao's sword was very special. The blade was only two fingers wide, but it was one meter and three inches long. The long and narrow blade was engraved with many simple and unadorned patterns. It was actually an ancient sword.
This kind of sword was also known as the Gentleman Sword. In ancient times, it was a very popular sword, especially for high officials and nobles. Emperors, generals, and ministers would all carry one with them. However, this sword pursued beauty blindly, and the blade was forged to be extremely thin, so it was easy to break. This kind of Gentleman Sword gradually declined, and now the people of the Eastern Region only used Gentleman Swords as decorations, hanging them on the wall.
However, not all Gentleman Swords were easy to break. Genuine divine weapons were made from top-grade materials, and Gentleman Swords could also be forged into spiritual artifacts and immortal artifacts!
The immortal artifact in Wang Yanmiao's hand was an immortal artifact that had been passed down from ancient times. It was well maintained, and in addition to giving the Gentleman Sword a rich ancient aura, the blade still maintained its sharp edge!
When Wang Yanmiao held the thin sword in his hand, his entire aura changed.
Wang Yanmiao, who was originally standing in the middle of the white lotus, emitted a domineering aura of a monarch descending to the world. However, when he held the ancient sword in his hand, that domineering aura was suddenly dyed with a desolate ancient aura. This kind of aura was like that of a revived monarch, who held the three-foot Gentleman Sword in his hand and looked down on the world!
"It's an ancient immortal artifact! Wang Yanmiao seems to be holding an ancient immortal artifact! "
"Heavens, did he dig up an emperor's tomb? How did he even get an ancient immortal artifact?!"
"What a powerful aura. It's just a sword, but it makes me feel the aura of an ancient monarch. This ancient immortal artifact is definitely not ordinary. The person who once held this sword must have been a peerless expert!"

Chapter 254
Although Wang Yanmiao's Wang Family was also a great noble family, it wasn't ranked high in the imperial capital and couldn't compare to the seven great noble families. It was impossible for them to have the wealth to obtain an ancient immortal weapon for Wang Yanmiao.
In truth, Wang Yanmiao had obtained this ancient immortal weapon by accident when she entered the tomb of an emperor that had been sealed for a long time. In order to obtain this Gentleman Sword, Wang Yanmiao had broken through many traps in the tomb. Along the way, she had been chased by a group of skeleton guards with strength comparable to the Radiant God Realm. She had almost died in that tomb.
"This is the Noble Sword. It was once the sword of Dragon Emperor Qin from the ancient Imperial Dragon Dynasty. Luo Zheng, your physical body is so strong that it's as tough as steel. I wonder if you can block my sword." Wang Yanmiao swung the Noble Sword gently, and lotus flowers fell.
Looking at the Gentleman Sword in Wang Yanmiao's hand, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He hadn't expected Wang Yanmiao to have an ancient immortal weapon.
It was said that in ancient times, weapon refiners had a much easier time comprehending the Dao of Heaven's Divination compared to modern day weapon refiners. Therefore, it was easier for weapon refiners in ancient times to become grandmaster weapon refiners. Moreover, it was much easier for grandmaster weapon refiners to refine immortal weapons.
Later on, there was a great change in the world. The Dao of Heaven's Divination became even more obscure and difficult to understand. It became even more difficult for weapon refiners to refine immortal weapons. As for what kind of great change happened in the world and why the Dao of Heaven's Divination became even harder to comprehend, there was no way to know.
Therefore, ancient immortal weapons were much more powerful than modern immortal weapons. For example, the Gentleman Sword in Wang Yanmiao's hand had an immortal pattern engraved on it. This meant that the Gentleman Sword was a low-grade immortal weapon. However, because it was a low-grade immortal weapon, its power was comparable to that of a mid-grade immortal weapon!
Luo Zheng didn't doubt that this mid-grade immortal weapon could cut open his body. After all, Luo Zheng's body was only at the level of a mid-grade spirit weapon.
"An ancient immortal weapon? You're really generous. But are you confident that you can cut me? " As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, he took a step forward and fully activated the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. His entire body was like a gust of wind, moving at extreme speed!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms moved at the same time, charging towards Wang Yanmiao from six different directions.
Facing the six Sky Demon Phantoms charging at her, Wang Yanmiao flipped her hand, and the white lotus beneath her feet opened up with six petals. The six petals swept up and sent the Sky Demon Phantoms flying. This huge white lotus was actually Wang Yanmiao's offensive weapon!
White Lotus was able to block the Heavenly Demon Phantom, but Wang Yanmiao's figure floated lightly. Wielding the Gentleman Sword, she chased after Luo Zheng. "I don't know how you did it. You're only at the Xiantian second stage, yet you're already so fast. You don't understand sword intent, but you've actually comprehended Sword Steps. You're truly the number one prodigy in history. But I've already said that it's useless.
Compared to Luo Zheng's strange Sword Steps, Wang Yanmiao's movement was much more graceful. Every time she took a step, a lotus bloomed on the ground. Her whole body was like a graceful swallow shuttling back and forth on the stage.
Because Wang Yanmiao had just released the "Grasping Flower Finger", the stage was now full of bumps and hollows, which affected Wang Yanmiao's movements. But Luo Zheng's Sword Steps were good at strange changes in direction and direction, so this environment was advantageous to Luo Zheng.
Even so, the distance between the two was constantly narrowing.
At this moment, everyone's heart was suddenly in suspense. Would Wang Yanmiao kill Luo Zheng?
Everyone was paying attention to this fight, not only because Luo Zheng was the genius of the whole peak, and not only because Wang Yanmiao was the best among the pro-disciples, but also because they were more interested in the grudge between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao.
While the two were fighting, they kept mocking each other. Obviously, Luo Yan and Wang Yanmiao had a grudge against each other. Although every disciple would do their best in the Peak Competition, it was rare for them to fall into a situation where they fought to the death. After all, most disciples understood the principle of "where there is life, there is hope".
It was good to be able to show up in the Peak Competition and get good results, but it was not worth it to lose one's life for it.
But the grudge in front of them was different. Whether it was Luo Zheng or Wang Yanmiao, they both wanted to trample each other under their feet and never make a comeback. So, the situation of the fight would be much more intense than the previous one!
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng's every move was blocked by Wang Yanmiao. Wang Yanmiao had an absolute advantage. In this case, Luo Zheng only had two endings.
Either he admitted defeat obediently, or he was killed by Wang Yanmiao. The ancient immortal weapon in Wang Yanmiao's hand was not used to cut melons and vegetables!
Seeing this scene, Elder Xu went to Shi Jingtian and asked, "Sect Master Shi, do you want to save Luo Zheng?"
The All-Peak Grand Competition was the most authoritative competition in Qingyun Sect. It was used to measure the level of the disciples. Therefore, the rules of the All-Peak Grand Competition were set to be almost old-fashioned and harsh. For example, when Hei Ming beat and even abused Zuo Yun, the referee would not intervene if Zuo Yun did not admit defeat.
Or when Wang Yanmiao used his Flower-pinching Finger to almost tear down the whole fighting arena, the referee still did not intervene and did not suspend the fight to repair the fighting arena.
Under normal circumstances, even Shi Jingtian would not interfere with the battles that were taking place in the All-Peak Grand Competition for his own sake.
However, Elder Xu already knew what Shi Jingtian was thinking. In Shi Jingtian's opinion, Luo Zheng was definitely a person worth nurturing. He paid attention to Luo Zheng and gave him a very high evaluation. This was rare for Shi Jingtian, who usually did not care about the affairs of the sect.
At this moment, Elder Xu saw Wang Yanmiao chasing after Luo Zheng with the Gentleman Sword. If Luo Zheng was really a piece of unpolished jade, it would be a pity if he was killed by Wang Yanmiao.
Shi Jingtian fixed his gaze on Luo Zheng. He frowned and said, "No need! Although this kid is being chased by Wang Yanmiao everywhere, do you see any panic on his face? I guess this kid still has a backup plan! "
Elder Xu saw that Luo Zheng was still very calm. He was using strange sword steps to turn left and right. Indeed, he was not panicking.
However, this only showed that Luo Zheng's temperament was steady and he was not panicking in the face of danger. This did not mean that Luo Zheng was not afraid of Wang Yanmiao's sword! In Elder Xu's opinion, Luo Zheng was already an arrow at the end of its flight. How could he resist? If he did not intervene, Luo Zheng would be killed by Wang Yanmiao in a few breaths of time.
However, looking at the sect master's situation, he did not seem to have any intention of intervening. What else could he, an elder, say?
At this moment, the distance between Wang Yanmiao and Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer. When the distance was shortened to a certain point, Wang Yanmiao's elegant figure landed on the ground again. He tapped the ground lightly with the tip of his foot. When the lotus flower bloomed, the Gentleman Sword in his hand had already been slashed out.
The target of his sword was not Luo Zheng's vital part, but Luo Zheng's hand.
The might of an ancient immortal weapon was extremely domineering. The domineering aura released by the Gentleman Sword in his hand did not match the sword's appearance. However, this did not affect the sword's might in the slightest. A high-grade immortal weapon was not only able to cut through iron like mud, it could also cut through Profound Artifacts and even Spirit Artifacts like vegetables.
One could imagine that even if Luo Zheng's body was comparable to a Spirit Artifact's, he would still be killed by this sword.
The instant Wang Yanmiao's sword slashed out, Luo Zheng seemed to have grown a pair of eyes on his back. He forcibly took a step to the side. Because of this small step, Luo Zheng's shoulder moved an inch away from Wang Yanmiao's sword, and he forcibly avoided Wang Yanmiao's sword.
At the same time, a sly smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He turned around and faced Wang Yanmiao head-on. The distance between the two of them was already quite close.
"You're courting death!" Wang Yanmiao did not expect that Luo Zheng would dare to face him head-on. He pulled back the Gentleman Sword and cut Luo Zheng again. However, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. He actually stretched out his hand and went straight for Wang Yanmiao's sword.
"Luo Zheng doesn't want his hands anymore? He wants to face the blade with his bare hands? Is he crazy? "
"How can Wang Yanmiao's sword be blocked with his bare hands? I'm sure that Luo Zheng's hands will be crippled!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng wanted to face Wang Yanmiao's sword with his bare hands, many people could not help but shake their heads. Facing a blade with one's bare hands was not a profound skill. Many people could do it. However, facing a blade with one's bare hands required many conditions. It required one's own strength to be much stronger than the opponent's.
Wang Yanmiao was not only stronger than Luo Zheng, but the sword in his hand was also an ancient immortal weapon. Was he not courting death? Many people imagined that Luo Zheng's hands would be chopped off and he would be covered in blood.
However, what they imagined did not happen.
Because Luo Zheng was not really facing the blade with his bare hands!
Facing an ancient immortal weapon, Luo Zheng would naturally not be so stupid as to use his bare hands to receive it, unless he really did not want his hands anymore.
He suddenly clenched his right hand into a fist and changed direction to smash the Gentleman Sword from the side.
He could not face the sharpness of the ancient immortal weapon head-on with his physical body, but his fist directly hit the back of the sword!
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, Wang Yanmiao revealed a faint smile. He was suddenly tired of Luo Zheng's petty tricks. The weak would always be the weak. Even if he was forced into a corner, he could not force him to use any tricks. He could only use such boring tricks!
It was very easy to counter Luo Zheng's move. All he needed to do was to follow the momentum of Luo Zheng's punch and swing it towards Luo Zheng. However, just as he was about to take away Luo Zheng's left arm, he had to change direction and take away Luo Zheng's right arm. This trick wouldn't change the situation at all.
However, the moment Luo Zheng's fist touched his sword, Wang Yanmiao's expression changed greatly!

Chapter 255
Wang Yanmiao was at the Divine Reflection realm, so for her sword to be nearly knocked out of her hand by a Xiantian second stage Xiantian lifeform was without a doubt the biggest joke in the world.
Even though Luo Zheng was born with extraordinary strength, it was still impossible for him to rely on pure strength to achieve such an effect.
This was because after entering the Xiantian realm, one would infuse their weapons with true essence. For a swordsman, this was a basic skill. Everyone's sword wielding methods were slightly different, but they were generally divided into three meridian sword wielding methods and six meridian sword wielding methods.
Three meridian sword wielding methods were generally used by Xiantian lifeforms. After all, Xiantian lifeforms didn't have as much true essence as Divine Reflection experts. Thus, the true essence emitted from the Shaoshang, Shaoze, and Shaochong meridians was tightly bound to the treasured sword in their hands.
Six meridian sword wielding methods were generally used by Divine Reflection experts. At this moment, they would add the Guanchong, Zhongchong, and Shangyang meridians, and wrap the sword hilt with true essence from the six meridians.
The pinnacle of a swordsman was the so-called 'one with the sword'. Using true essence to link with one's sword was the foundation of 'one with the sword'. This was also why some people, when holding a sword, gave others the feeling that the sword and the person had become one. It was because of this method of wielding the sword.
Thus, although Luo Zheng's strength was great, it was virtually impossible for him to knock Wang Yanmiao's sword out of her hand and break the true essence link between the six meridians with a single punch. Besides, the Noble Sword was as light as a feather, so it would be difficult for it to withstand force.
But in reality, Luo Zheng had almost succeeded …
Luo Zheng's punch hadn't been very powerful. He'd only used the energy of the Phoenix Soar crystal, and hadn't borrowed the strength of the dragon scale.
But this punch contained an extremely terrifying vibrating force. The instant it touched the Noble Sword, the sword began to vibrate as well.
Although the frequency of the vibrations was small, they were extremely high. Caught off guard, a large part of the true essence link between the sword and the six meridians was instantly shattered. This was why Wang Yanmiao had almost let go of the Noble Sword.
Moreover, the violent vibrating force transmitted to Wang Yanmiao's body, causing her qi and blood to roil. It was extremely uncomfortable!
Everyone who was watching the fight was stunned once again.
Although not all of the warriors were swordsmen, they all had weapons. The way to hold a weapon was the most basic skill of a warrior. For example, a warrior who used a spear might use the acupuncture points on both hands to transmit Zhen Yuan. It was just that the acupuncture points from which Zhen Yuan gushed out were different from those of a swordsman.
Besides, the sword in Wang Yanmiao's hand was not a heavy sword. If it had been a broad-edged heavy sword, it might have been sent flying by a huge force. On the other hand, Wang Yanmiao's Noble Sword was extremely thin. It was as if someone was holding a piece of parchment. No matter how much force they used, they would not be able to send the parchment flying.
They really couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng's punch could have such an effect.
Xiao Yufeng's mentors, as well as Zuo Yun and the other disciples, saw that Luo Zheng had not only dodged Wang Yanmiao's attack, but also launched a sharp counterattack that almost caused Wang Yanmiao's sword to fly out of her hand. All of them heaved a sigh of relief.
As for Elder Xu, he had stretched his neck and nervously watched the fight between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao. He saw that Luo Zheng had blocked the sword with one hand. However, when Luo Zheng's fist was thrown out, such a turn of events caused his eyes to widen. For a moment, he was speechless.
On the other hand, Shi Jingtian had a calm smile on his face as he said, "This brat always has a way to reverse the situation!"
Shi Jingtian was quite far from the fighting arena. Although his strength was unfathomable, he couldn't see such details. However, although he couldn't see how Luo Zheng had done it, he could make a rough guess.
After Luo Zheng threw out this punch, he didn't stop at all.
At this time, he couldn't underestimate any opponent he encountered. As long as there was a chance, he had to grasp it tightly. He continued to press forward, sticking close to Wang Yanmiao's body as he started to throw out punches crazily.
Wang Yanmiao's reaction was incredibly fast. The moment the Noble Sword almost slipped out of his hand, he tapped against the ground lightly and quickly retreated. However, Luo Zheng was like a sticky candy that he could not shake off no matter how hard he tried! She wanted to use her sword to force Luo Zheng back, but Luo Zheng was fighting in close quarters with her. Moreover, each of his punches was accompanied by a strange vibration that was very difficult to deal with. Under such circumstances, Wang Yanmiao couldn't even use his Quintessential Origin to condense a lotus!
"Bang, bang, pu!"
In a hurry, every time Wang Yanmiao blocked a few punches from Luo Zheng, he would receive a punch from Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for Wang Yanmiao's Quintessential Origin that could barely dissolve Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, he would have been seriously injured and lying on the ground.
Even so, after receiving two or three punches, Wang Yanmiao felt as if the blood in his body had turned into a wild horse, crazily running through his body. A fishy taste suddenly rose up his throat. He was actually beaten to the point of vomiting blood by Luo Zheng!
"Bang!"
Wang Yanmiao took another punch from Luo Zheng. After deliberately taking this punch, Wang Yanmiao finally swung his sword and forced Luo Zheng to retreat half a meter in exchange for some time to catch his breath. Then, he instantly summoned a lotus in front of him to protect himself.
He originally thought that at this stage, he would have some time to catch his breath. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this opportunity! He casually sent a fist shadow towards him.
However, Wang Yanmiao already had a plan to deal with Luo Zheng's fist shadow. He only needed to release his Red Lotus Strange Fire to burn Luo Zheng's Quintessential Origin. Moreover, he could also use this opportunity to increase the distance between him and Luo Zheng.
Wang Yanmiao's plan was good, but he didn't expect that before it could be put into practice, a sudden change would occur!
When Luo Zheng's purple-black fist shadow approached his lotus, the starlight on it suddenly lit up.
Wang Yanmiao had already noticed that there were starlight mixed in Luo Zheng's Quintessential Origin. Although Wang Yanmiao had paid some attention to it, it didn't attract his attention.
But at this moment, the starlight suddenly burst out with an intense light, and a heart-palpitating energy erupted from it. Wang Yanmiao's lotus didn't even have time to bloom before it was completely engulfed by the annihilating energy from the starlight.
Not only that, when the starlight was annihilated, it produced a blazing white light that almost made Wang Yanmiao unable to open his eyes.
Because of this change, Luo Zheng once again approached Wang Yanmiao, waving his fist and fiercely smashing towards him!
After being tricked by Luo Zheng two or three times in a row, Wang Yanmiao was really angry at this moment. He needed to find a source to vent his anger. He shouted, "Do you think that I, Wang Yanmiao, am afraid of you in close combat?!"
"Bang, bang, bang!"
What answered Wang Yanmiao were Luo Zheng's fists.
Luo Zheng's punches were getting faster and faster. All the dragon scales in his body had already lit up, and his strength had already been pushed to the limit!
Wang Yanmiao's Quintessential Origin Protection was indeed sturdy, but Luo Zheng used the Vibrating Fist technique to shatter his Quintessential Origin Protection first, and then smashed his powerful fist into his body. The vibrating power directly penetrated into his internal organs. Even if Wang Yanmiao was an iron man, he couldn't withstand it.
After taking a dozen punches in a row, Wang Yanmiao finally couldn't bear it anymore. He spat out a big mouthful of blood, and weakly leaned against the light barrier.
Seeing this scene, many disciples were speechless. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would win in this way …
From the Peak Competition until now, very few disciples would choose to engage in close combat, especially after entering the Transmigration Competition. It was almost impossible for such a situation to occur.
This was because compared to Divine Realm martial artists, the growth of their physical strength was very slow. On the contrary, the growth of their Quintessential Origin Protection was very fast. Martial artists of the same level would find it difficult to break the opponent's Quintessential Origin Protection with their physical strength, let alone injure the opponent.
It was just that Luo Zheng was too abnormal. Not only did he have a tyrannical physical body, but he also used the Vibrating Fist technique that he comprehended in the "Illusory Fish Pond". This was how he was able to break Wang Yanmiao's Quintessential Origin Protection!
Under the multiple blows, it was extremely difficult for Wang Yanmiao to hold on. Finally, after taking several heavy blows from Luo Zheng, he was heavily injured and leaned against the light barrier.
"I, I still have the Lotus Battle Body that I haven't activated … In fact, you are not my opponent!" Wang Yanmiao leaned against the light barrier and said while panting.
Luo Zheng slowly walked in front of Wang Yanmiao, and sneered: "You can activate your Lotus Battle Body. I will give you time, I will give you a chance!"
"Puff!" Wang Yanmiao spat out another mouthful of blood. Luo Zheng's Vibrating Fist Force poured into his body and wantonly destroyed his internal organs. He had already suffered heavy internal injuries. Wang Yanmiao was afraid that he would not be able to participate in today's Transmigration Competition. "I, I …" In his current state, how could he use the Lotus Battle Body?
"Admit defeat. I said that you don't need to wait for three years. Now, you are not my opponent. Even if you still have the Lotus Battle Body that you haven't used, let me ask you, did I go all out?" Luo Zheng said indifferently. Just half a year ago, Luo Zheng had thought that Wang Yanmiao was an unattainable mountain, but in the All-Peak Tournament, Luo Zheng had used his own fists to defeat him!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Wang Yanmiao's eyes showed a trace of a dead expression …
Yes, thinking about it carefully, if Luo Zheng had used that moment of annihilation of starlight to throw out those strange throwing knives, then perhaps he would have already lost his life … …
In the battle with him, Luo Zheng had not even used a soul attack from the beginning to the end. Although he had specially prepared a jade pendant that could defend against soul attacks, but Luo Zheng's strength had advanced rapidly in the past six months, and whether or not it could defend against his soul attack was still uncertain … …
I, a dignified Illuminating God realm martial artist, couldn't even defeat a Xiantian second stage martial artist, Luo Zheng, and still boasted of being a genius … …
Even with Wang Yanmiao's arrogant character, at this moment, he couldn't help but blame himself in his heart, and in his eyes, it seemed as if something was slowly breaking.
Luo Zheng looked at Wang Yanmiao indifferently. He understood that Wang Yanmiao's heart of martial arts had been damaged by his own hands. Some people's hearts of martial arts were very tenacious, and even if they were defeated again and again, they would still make a comeback, but Wang Yanmiao was of noble birth and had an arrogant nature. Under this kind of setback and blow, he was unable to accept this result. His heart of martial arts had collapsed in an instant, and at the same time, there were signs of Qi deviation!
Once Wang Yanmiao's heart of martial arts was damaged, it was equivalent to crippling him.
And Qi deviation would be even more serious, and it was very likely that Wang Yanmiao would turn into a lunatic.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 256
The so-called Qigong Deviation was a hurdle that one could not cross after suffering a major setback.
At this time, those setbacks would turn into inner demons, constantly hinting to oneself, thus causing greater damage to one's soul.
In this case, it was very difficult for others to intervene and solve it.
Outside the arena, Ouyang Tangzuo's expression was very ugly at this moment. Wang Yanmiao was his chief disciple and his greatest pride, but he did not expect that not only would Wang Yanmiao be defeated by Luo Zheng, but she would also suffer Qigong Deviation!
At this moment, he did not have a better way, but he knew that if a person was on the verge of Qigong Deviation, the more he comforted them, the opposite effect would occur. It would completely push them into the abyss of Qigong Deviation.
It was like many women who could endure when they were angry, but once someone comforted them, those women could not help but burst into tears!
However, Luo Zheng slowly walked up to the white lotus. Wang Yanmiao had no time to care about the white lotus at this moment. Without the supplement of Zhen Yuan, the white lotus was slowly collapsing.
Luo Zheng walked up step by step and stood at the top of the white lotus, looking down at Wang Yanmiao.
"I can give you a chance, a chance to follow in my footsteps! Three years later, you can fight with me! However, you are destined to be unable to surpass me, but if you don't even have the courage to chase after me, then you might as well die, because although your talent is outstanding, your heart of martial arts is far from firm. Just a little setback will make you unable to extricate yourself. Even if you have not encountered it, you will not be able to go too far … "
"The world is so big, and the human population in the Eastern Domain is in the trillions. I heard that the Central Domain is ten times larger than the Eastern Domain. The genius disciples born in the Central Domain have been nourished with various elixirs since childhood, and the cultivation methods they practice are far beyond the Heaven Stage. Their masters are unfathomable, and they have inherited the talent of their parents. Perhaps some geniuses can defeat you at the age of ten or even younger. Even now, compared to them, I am still insignificant. Your so-called pride is just an arrogant lie …"
"If you understand this, then you should understand that your pride is nothing but an illusion. Shatter it and cultivate with your feet on the ground. You might still have a chance to catch up to me. Otherwise, you'll just be a piece of trash in this world. No, not only will you be a piece of trash in the future, but this also proves that you were a piece of trash before!"
Luo Zheng's words pierced Wang Yanmiao's heart. Every word was like a knife piercing Wang Yanmiao's heart and penetrating his brain.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ouyang Tang Zuo couldn't help but roar, "Luo Zheng! You've already won against Wang Yanmiao, don't go too far! "
It was indeed too much of a bully. Wang Yanmiao was already on the verge of going mad, and Luo Zheng still wanted to step on her.
Although most people were optimistic about Wang Yanmiao before, and Luo Zheng easily reversed the situation and defeated Luo Zheng, in fact, many people still stood on Luo Zheng's side.
After all, in their eyes, Luo Zheng was the inferior party. He was born in the grass roots, while Wang Yanmiao was a descendant of a landowning household and a direct disciple under Ouyang Tang Zuo. Wang Yanmiao was incomparably strong, not to mention that he had vainly tried to encroach on Luo Zheng's younger sister, Luo Yan. The public's subconscious generally liked to stand on the weak side against the strong.
But after Luo Zheng's words, the situation suddenly reversed.
Adding insult to injury at this time was tantamount to pushing Wang Yanmiao into the fire pit. It was too much.
However, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear. He just stood in the gradually dissipating lotus and looked at Wang Yanmiao like a spring breeze. At this moment, even though Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, everyone saw it as endless ridicule.
Many people sighed at this moment: Wang Yanmiao was finished. In the future, they would probably never see this genius disciple who was doted on by thousands of people. The Blue Cloud Sect would probably have one more idiot because of this.
But right at this moment, a lotus shadow suddenly appeared beneath Wang Yanmiao's feet. At the same time, the blank and sorrowful expression on Wang Yanmiao's face was swept away, replaced by an ethereal expression. He seemed to be looking at everyone, but at the same time, he didn't seem to be looking at anyone. This strange situation lasted for a few breaths of time before he closed his eyes.
At the same time, a huge lotus phantom appeared under his feet!
Then, an incomparably holy, elegant, and fragrant white lotus grew rapidly. As soon as the white lotus appeared, it wrapped around him.
"This is …" Ouyang Tang took a deep breath and was so shocked that he was speechless.
Shi Jingtian also stood up from his chair. Although he expected Luo Zheng to defeat Wang Yanmiao, he never expected such a thing to happen. After staring blankly for a while, he shook his head with a smile and said, "I didn't expect that I still underestimated Luo Zheng. He knew that Wang Yanmiao was on the verge of Qi Deviation, but he still used words to provoke Wang Yanmiao. He wanted to help Wang Yanmiao and stimulate Wang Yanmiao to regain his martial heart. I didn't expect the effect to be so good. Wang Yanmiao actually had an epiphany!"
Epiphany …
Elder Xu stared blankly at the huge white lotus. His eyes were also filled with envy.
For every martial artist, this was an opportunity that could only be encountered by chance. Elder Xu had lived for so many years, but he had never experienced an epiphany. Moreover, the stronger one was, the deeper one's understanding of martial arts was, and the harder it was to have an epiphany. After all, epiphany required a certain level of ignorance of martial arts. If one was already halfway through, it would be difficult to have an epiphany.
Wang Yanmiao had already stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm. After this epiphany, his strength would increase by quite a bit!
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng's words would have such an effect?
What was even more frightening was that Luo Zheng's calm expression seemed to have already expected this to happen!
"Wang Yanmiao was originally at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm. Among all the pro-disciples, his strength was at the top. If he had an epiphany this time, I'm afraid no pro-disciple would be his opponent!"
"It's undeniable that Wang Yanmiao's epiphany will indeed increase his strength greatly. Especially in this kind of despair, he can often break through his own bottleneck in an instant. However, it's better not to say that pro-disciples are invincible. Although the realm is important in a battle between martial artists, look at Luo Zheng. He's only at the Xiantian Second Stage. He has already broken through this common sense!"
"Yes, yes. For example, Hua Tianming hasn't drawn his sword so far. Who knows how terrifying he will be after he draws his sword? Perhaps with Hua Tianming's Xiantian Full Circle strength, he might be able to sweep away all the pro-disciples! "
Because Wang Yanmiao had entered a state of epiphany, the battle in the Transmigration competition was suspended. After about the time it took for an incense stick to burn, a crack suddenly appeared on the surface of the white lotus around Wang Yanmiao. The crack continued to spread and finally covered the entire lotus.
In the end, the white lotus collapsed. Wang Yanmiao, who was sitting in it, opened his eyes.
At this moment, Wang Yanmiao seemed to have taken on a new look. His eyes were full of vitality. His temperament changed slightly after the epiphany. The fierce domineering aura in his Qi Power faded away and was replaced by a kind of tranquil and noble Qi Power!
"I've always thought that this All-Peak Grand Competition was already in my bag, and I only needed to take it. When I met you in the first round, I thought it would be easier, but I didn't expect to be defeated like this. Moreover, I lost so miserably. I couldn't figure out why I lost to you like this, but now I understand!"
The world was so big. No matter how powerful a genius was, he had to have the awareness of a frog at the bottom of a well!
It was not terrible to be a frog at the bottom of a well. What was terrible was to have a narrow vision and not be able to stand the stimulation of the outside world, leading to Qigong Deviation.
Wang Yanmiao's enlightenment in an instant broadened his state of mind by countless times. He even vaguely touched a trace of Zen in his "Lotus Treasure Mirror".
Ouyang Tangzhe had once told Wang Yanmiao that although the Lotus Treasure Mirror was a Heaven-class cultivation technique, its power far exceeded that of ordinary Heaven-class cultivation techniques. It could not be compared to ordinary Heavenly Tribulation cultivation techniques.
Because the "Lotus Treasure Mirror" was passed down from a superpower in the Central Domain, if one wanted to exert its full power, he had to comprehend a trace of "Zen" in it.
Now, Wang Yanmiao had touched the Zen in it. He believed that as long as he was given time, he would completely understand it.
"Thank you!" Wang Yanmiao's expression was indifferent. He bowed to Luo Zheng and then walked down from the arena. When he arrived in front of Ouyang Tang, Wang Yanmiao bowed deeply again. "Master, this disciple has deeply comprehended and wants to cultivate in seclusion. I'm afraid this disciple will not be able to participate in the remaining matches of the Peak Competition."
"This …" A trace of hesitation appeared on Ouyang Tangzui's face. After all, Ouyang Tangzui still attached great importance to the All-Peak Grand Competition. If Wang Yanmiao could get into the top three of the All-Peak Grand Competition, then as her master, he would also feel proud. Moreover, the top three of the All-Peak Grand Competition would also be able to walk the Blue Clouds Road once. This Blue Clouds Road was also very beneficial to Wang Yanmiao.
However, when he saw Wang Yanmiao's appearance, Ouyang Tang's expression changed. Perhaps Wang Yanmiao had comprehended something incomparably important during his moment of enlightenment. In that case, it would definitely be best for him to cultivate in seclusion and digest those things. After all, this Azure Clouds Road could be walked after three years, and sudden enlightenment was a great opportunity. Many people might not encounter it even once in their lifetime …
Therefore, Ouyang Tang nodded. "Yanmiao, I permit you to cultivate in seclusion."
The battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao could be said to be abnormally complicated. Who would have thought that Wang Yanmiao would be able to inexplicably turn the tables on Luo Zheng when he had the advantage and even used an ancient immortal artifact? Even now, no one could tell that Luo Zheng had used the power of vibration to send Wang Yanmiao's sword flying.

Chapter 257
There were too many twists and turns, and the audience couldn't help but sigh. Their attention to the ongoing battle on the stage decreased.
Because of the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao, a part of the arena was completely destroyed. After the battle, many craftsmen of the Blue Cloud Sect transported boulders to fill up the potholes made by Wang Yanmiao. Then, the elders set up new arrays and boundaries before the battle began.
In this round, two pro-disciples appeared on the stage at the same time, but their opponents were both Xiantian Full Cycle experts. Although the strength of Xiantian Full Cycle experts was not ordinary, they were not like Hua Tianming. They were destined to be unable to create an upset, and the two pro-disciples won easily.
The Transmigration Competition was carried out round by round. Among the pro-disciples, except for Wang Yanmiao who lost to Luo Zheng, the other pro-disciples all won.
And this year's Peak disciples were equally outstanding. Quan Xiaoyan, Hua Tianming, Xie Yun and the others still maintained their winning streaks. However, they maintained their winning streaks because they did not encounter stronger opponents. For example, Wu Xie of Tianyi Peak encountered pro-disciple Huo Ganxin in the battle and was defeated immediately.
Now, many disciples were looking forward to the confrontation between the top disciples of the Peak and the pro-disciples. This was the biggest highlight of the All-Peak Competition. For example, the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao was full of twists and turns and was full of danger, which made people think about it very much.
In a corner of the All-Peak Competition, Zhenren Tianqiong was sitting on a futon, overlooking the whole arena. Then, his eyes crossed the arena and fell on Luo Zheng.
His face, which was like pine bark, was full of a malicious expression at the moment.
"The three generations of the Luo family were very ordinary. The last generation of the family was just a Xiantian Full Cycle expert. But I didn't expect that in this generation, two super geniuses would emerge one after another. Luo Yan had a special and rare physique, but I didn't expect that Luo Zheng would pop out. Not only was he born with great strength, but his body was also tyrannical to an abnormal extent. Moreover, he also practiced the" Heavenly Devil Fist ", a heaven-defying cultivation method! This guy's talent is not as good as Luo Yan's, but in fact, his fighting capacity is more terrifying than Luo Yan's. I've offended him and punished Luo Yan, so he won't let me go easily. Now, I have to kill him before he grows up to avoid future troubles! "Zhenren Tianqiong said slowly.
Immortal Zi Qing was also sitting on a futon, and at this moment, he was also resting with his eyes closed. Hearing Zhenren Tianqiong's words, Immortal Zi Qing shook his head. "Previously, you said that you would arrange a disciple to assassinate Luo Zheng in the All-Peak Competition. Although I don't know who you're looking for, if you want to kill Luo Zheng in the arena, you must have the strength to defeat him first. I think it's very difficult to find such a person!"
Zhenren Tianqiong had indeed arranged for a Divine Reflection disciple to attack Luo Zheng in the arena. However, that disciple became timid after Luo Zheng defeated Zhou Dan.
This was because although that Divine Reflection disciple was also a top existence in the mountain, he was no match for Zhou Dan. If that Divine Reflection disciple couldn't defeat Zhou Dan, there was no way he could defeat Luo Zheng. If he couldn't even defeat him in a fight, how could he kill him?
Luo Zheng's exposed true strength unknowingly caused Zhenren Tianqiong's plan to fail.
"Indeed, it's very difficult to find a disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect who can kill Luo Zheng, but now, we have a candidate!" Zhenren Tianqiong said slowly.
"Who is it?" Immortal Zi Qing asked.
"Jiang Shili," Zhenren Tianqiong said.
"You're saying to let Shili go on stage and kill Luo Zheng?" Immortal Zi Qing's voice suddenly rose by two notches.
Zhenren Tianqiong stared at Immortal Zi Qing with cold eyes. "Zi Qing, can you speak louder!"
Although they were quite a distance away from the battle arena, there were still many elders around the battle arena. Even the Sect Master was present. If they wanted to listen in, it wouldn't be difficult for them.
Immortal Zi Qing's expression changed. He lowered his voice and said, "Tianqiong, I think you should give up. Shili is my disciple. If he kills Luo Zheng, do you think Su Lingyun won't come looking for you?"
A sneer appeared on Zhenren Tianqiong's face. "If it was a month ago, I wouldn't have dared to let Jiang Shili do it. After all, Jiang Shili is your disciple. That's why I looked for a disciple from the 33 peaks instead of any personal disciple. But now, Su Lingyun is deeply involved in the internal strife of the royal family. There are rumors that Su Lingyun has been put under house arrest. She can't even take care of herself now. How could she have the chance to notice Luo Zheng?"
There was still some hesitation on Immortal Zi Qing's face. "But Luo Zheng's current performance must have attracted the Sect Master's attention. If Jiang Shili kills Luo Zheng, won't he be blamed by the Sect Master?"
Zhenren Tianqiong sneered. "Geniuses are only valued when they are alive. A dead genius is no longer a genius. He is just a dead man!" After Zhenren Tianqiong finished speaking, he saw that Immortal Zi Qing still had some hesitation on his face. He sneered and said, "Don't forget, back then, Luo Yan was beaten into Purgatory Mountain by you. If Luo Zheng is not killed, with his talent, he will definitely enter the Cloud Hall. He might even become a core disciple of the Cloud Hall. No matter how well he does, if he uses the Cloud Hall to suppress the Blue Cloud Sect, will you and I have a good ending?"
The Cloud Hall was a lofty behemoth for the Blue Cloud Sect and even the entire Eastern Region.
Even if a core disciple of the Cloud Hall came to the Blue Cloud Sect, the Sect Master had to personally come out to receive him. From this, one could see the relationship between the Cloud Hall and the Blue Cloud Sect!
Immortal Zi Qing couldn't refute Zhenren Tianqiong's opinion because what he said was right.
If Luo Zheng could really embark on the Qingyun Road and enter the Cloud Hall, then they would live in fear in the future. If Luo Zheng became a core disciple of the Cloud Hall, or made some contributions to the Cloud Hall and was promoted to an official position, it would be too easy for him to take revenge on Zhenren Tianqiong.
Perhaps killing Luo Zheng was the only way to break out of this situation.
"Sigh, I just didn't expect that Su Lingyun would be caught up in the internal strife of the Sky-Burning Dynasty so quickly. If I had known about this earlier, I would have killed Luo Zheng on the day of the trial!" Zhenren Tianqiong said fiercely.
That day, Zhenren Tianqiong was indeed worried about Su Lingyun and the Emperor's Medallion in Su Lingyun's hands. After all, the strength of the Emperor of the Sky-Burning Palace was similar to that of Shi Jingtian. Moreover, it was said that the Emperor's position in the Cloud Hall was even higher than that of Shi Jingtian.
If Su Lingyun really fought to the death and used the Emperor's Medallion, then Zhenren Tianqiong would really be in trouble.
He didn't expect that in these two months, there would suddenly be internal strife in the Sky-Burning Palace. Then, a lot of news came. The most important news was that Su Qian was already dead! This news came from the palace and was highly credible.
Su Lingyun's biggest reliance was actually Su Qian. However, now that it was rumored that Su Qian was already dead, the princes were busy fighting for the throne. Under such circumstances, Zhenren Tianqiong naturally wouldn't be afraid of Su Lingyun.
Zhenren Tianqiong explained the pros and cons. Perfected Zi Qing obviously had his own answer. Now it seemed that Luo Zheng really had to be eliminated. Otherwise, he would become a big problem for them.
Jiang Shili was Perfected Zi Qing's greatest pride. Perfected Zi Qing's strength was at the bottom among the top ten Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, his disciple Jiang Shili had greatly increased his reputation. Because personal disciples rarely had the opportunity to learn from each other, the ranking of their strength could only be reviewed during the All-Sect Grand Competition.
However, in Perfected Zi Qing's opinion, whether Jiang Shili could get first place was unknown. However, it was not a problem for him to get into the top five!
In other words, there were only four or five people in the Blue Cloud Sect who could really challenge Jiang Shili and pose a threat to him.
With Jiang Shili's strength, killing Luo Zheng would be as easy as taking something out of his pocket!
Thinking of this, Perfected Zi Qing used his True Yuan voice transmission to remind Jiang Shili to prepare for battle.
On the other hand, Zhenren Tianqiong was trying to arrange a battle between Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili …
Luo Zheng was unaware of all this. He didn't know that a murderous plot against him had quietly been set up.
At this moment, the battle in the arena began to heat up again.
"Jade Maiden Peak's Quan Xiaoyan versus personal disciple Mo Yuxin!"
There were very few female disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. Now, the only disciple from Jade Maiden Peak who had not been eliminated was Quan Xiaoyan. Mo Yuxin was the only female personal disciple.
Both of them were heaven's favored daughters, and both of them had stunning looks. However, Quan Xiaoyan was simple yet elegant. She was petite, just like a small deer walking out of the forest after the first blooming of spring flowers. She gave off a natural and intimate feeling.
On the other hand, Mo Yuxin was tall and had fair and delicate skin. Compared to Quan Xiaoyan, she was less youthful but more charming and appeared more mature.
In a battle between favored by the heavens, their combat power far exceeded that of most male disciples. Even if the two of them were not strong, this battle was still quite interesting.
Quan Xiaoyan had maintained a winning streak so far, just like Luo Zheng. On the other hand, Mo Yuxin was a personal disciple, so this was her first battle.
Mo Yuxin was originally sitting next to Senior Brother Pei. When she heard Quan Xiaoyan's name and then her name, she could not help but curl her lips and say, "Senior Brother Pei, I hate fighting women!"
Senior Brother Pei smiled, "Why? Aren't you a woman yourself?"
"Too weak!" Mo Yuxin spat out two simple words.
Who knew that her Senior Brother Pei would say with a straight face, "Quan Xiaoyan is not weak. Who knows how many powerful disciples have fallen at her hands! If you look down on her, I'm afraid you will suffer. "
Mo Yuxin curled her lips and a disdainful expression appeared on her face. She then sneered, "The powerful disciples that Senior Brother Pei is talking about are the trash from the 33 peaks. I hate Senior Brother Pei the most. You're so fake. Those people's strength is clearly not worth mentioning in your eyes, just like trash. You still praise them hypocritically. Aren't you just trying to show that you're more powerful? I don't want to talk to you anymore. Since Quan Xiaoyan is so powerful, then I'll go and end her winning streak. I wonder how powerful I will become if I defeat her … "
After saying that, Mo Yuxin walked towards the battle arena with graceful steps.

Chapter 258
When the two women stood on the stage, they immediately attracted the attention of all the disciples.
When a man saw a woman, he couldn't help but comment. Whether it was Quan Xiaoyan or Mo Yuxin, they were both peerless beauties. Not only did they look like fairies, they were also very strong. This in itself was a big attraction.
"Who do you think is stronger between these two women?"
"It's most likely Mo Yuxin. After all, she is a direct disciple. Moreover, Mo Yuxin is older than Quan Xiaoyan."
"Who cares who is stronger? In my opinion, they should be evenly matched! When these two women fight, they will fight to the death. It'll be good if they tear their clothes apart and reveal some of their spring scenery! "
Once a man started to comment on a woman, there was always no taboo. He didn't even think about lowering his voice.
When these words reached Quan Xiaoyan's ears, she only turned her head and glared fiercely at them. However, it was different for Mo Yuxin.
Mo Yuxin wasn't famous in the mountain peak, but among the direct disciples, she was a famous little witch. Her actions were ruthless, and her temper was more violent than a man's. If she was treated like an ignorant woman, then she would definitely suffer a great loss.
Mo Yuxin slowly walked to the front of the arena and jumped down from the arena.
"She came down! She actually left the stage! "
"Isn't it said that once you enter the stage, you can't come down? Wouldn't that be considered a loss? "
"Damn, senior apprentice brother Qin is out of luck. This Mo Yuxin doesn't care about the rules. What Master Qin said just now was heard by others!"
The direction Mo Yuxin walked towards was where the Xiao Yufeng disciples were. The one who said he wanted to see the two women's spring scenery was an inner disciple on the Xiao Yufeng Peak. That disciple was called Qin Gang, and he was ranked sixth in the Xiao Yufeng Peak.
Mo Yuxin walked in front of Qin Gang with a cold face. She looked at Qin Gang and suddenly smiled. Her smile was very gentle, and the soft lines of her face made her look even more charming. "Just now, you said you wanted to see spring scenery?"
Although Qin Gang liked to talk nonsense, he was not a fool. Although Mo Yuxin was smiling, even an idiot could tell that she was extremely angry at this moment.
Qin Gang's strength was at the bottom of the All-Peak Grand Competition. His current score was one win and seven losses. He had already been eliminated in the group stage. He was a talkative person. Now that he saw Mo Yuxin standing in front of him, he was scared silly.
If he admitted it now, he would be courting death. Thus, Qin Gang shook his head like a rattle-drum. "Miss Mo, did you hear wrongly? I didn't say that."
However, Mo Yuxin didn't care whether Qin Gangcheng admitted it or not. She continued to smile and said, "If you want to see it, it's not impossible!"
"Hmm?" When the disciples heard this, they immediately suspected that they had misheard. Did this girl really not mind people looking at her?
"But after you're done, you have to dig your eyeballs out," Mo Yuxin added.
Hearing this, many disciples felt a chill in their hearts. They were very sure that Mo Yuxin would definitely do as she said.
"No, Miss Mo, I don't want to see it." Qin Gang continued to shake his head.
"You don't want to see it?" Mo Yuxin continued to smile. "It's fine if you don't want to see it, but you just said with your mouth that I don't have to dig your eyeballs out. In that case, I'll cut off your tongue!"
Qin Gang's face turned pale at this moment. He could only look at Mentor Wen next to him for help.
Mentor Wen's face was also full of bitterness. Not only did Qin Gang come in last place in the All-Peak Grand Competition, but he also caused trouble by provoking Mo Yuxin, this jinx. He really didn't know what was good for him. But then again, his tongue was cut off just because he talked too much. This punishment was too harsh. This girl was really ruthless!
After all, Mentor Wen was a mentor who led the team to participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition. He couldn't really have his tongue cut off just because of Qin Gang's words. He could only walk out and say, "Miss Mo, our Xiao Yufeng's disciple was indeed at fault for speaking rudely. I will reprimand him according to Xiao Yufeng's rules. Qin Gang, quickly apologize to Miss Mo!"
When Qin Gang heard Mentor Wen's words, he immediately said, "Miss Mo, I was wrong just now. I shouldn't have said such vulgar words! Please forgive me, Miss Mo! "
Mo Yuxin turned a deaf ear to Qin Gang's words. She still repeated, "Gouge out your eyes or cut off your tongue. Choose one!"
"This …" Qin Gang's face was sullen. He was already out of his wits.
Mentor Wen was also at his wit's end. He could only look for help from others. At least there were still referees and elders to maintain order in the All-Peak Grand Competition.
However, the referee in the arena turned his head away, as if he didn't want to deal with this matter at all. Even the two elders who were present before had disappeared at this time. It seemed that they didn't want to provoke Mo Yuxin, this witch.
This was really troublesome. Qin Gang did cause trouble from his mouth, but Mentor Wen really couldn't just stand by and watch Qin Gang get his eyes gouged out or his tongue cut off …
In the end, Mentor Wen looked at Luo Zheng.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng had been sitting on the side without saying a word.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, Qin Gang was indeed a foul-mouthed guy.
In fact, it didn't matter if he had a foul-mouthed guy. In a battle between warriors, shouting and provoking the opponent could make mistakes in the confusion after getting agitated. This was also a kind of method.
However, a foul-mouthed guy had to have the strength to do so! If the foul-mouthed guy wasn't Qin Gang but Hua Tianming or other personal disciples, Mo Yuxin might not dare to go up and let them gouge out his eyes and cut his tongue. The mistake was that Qin Gang's strength was low. How dare he talk nonsense? Wasn't he courting death?
In Luo Zheng's opinion, so what if he was a Tongfeng disciple?
He helped Zuo Yun and taught Hei Ming a lesson because Zuo Yun had helped him before. At least, he had helped him provide some information about the All-Peak Grand Competition.
Luo Zheng's character had always been like this. If someone helped him, he would definitely return the favor tenfold!
Although Qin Gang was a Tongfeng disciple, he was already unhappy with the foul-mouthed guy. He deserved to be taught a lesson by Mo Yuxin.
However, when Mentor Wen looked over, his eyes were asking for help, so Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. Forget it. After all, he was a disciple of Xiao Yufeng. Xiao Yufeng's tens of thousands of disciples were still watching through the letter tablet. If a disciple of Xiao Yufeng really had his eyes gouged out and his tongue cut out because of a few words, it would really be a big loss of face.
Therefore, Luo Zheng walked over and said to Mo Yuxin with a smile, "Miss Mo, Qin Gang has already apologized. I think we should forget about this matter. If you're not satisfied, I can let Qin Gang apologize to you a few more times."
In Mo Yuxin's eyes, all the disciples of Xiao Yufeng were just a bunch of trash. Even Xiao Yufeng's Mentor Wen didn't have any weight in front of her. However, Luo Zheng was a little special.
In this All-Peak Grand Competition, Luo Zheng was a rising star. From the start of the All-Peak Grand Competition until now, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming could be considered the two most dazzling new stars.
Hua Tianming was still okay. After all, Hua Tianming's reputation had already spread in the Blue Cloud Sect. He was the youngest and also the strongest sword cultivator in Tianyi Peak. But what about Luo Zheng? Before this, he wasn't famous at all. No one knew where he came from. He inexplicably stood out from Xiao Yufeng and won all the way. Now, even Wang Yanmiao was defeated by him.
If Hua Tianming could be called a dark horse, then Luo Zheng was a dark horse among dark horses.
"Apologize?" Mo Yuxin sneered. "How much can an apology be worth? If apologies were useful in this world, then there would be no need for people to practice martial arts, and there wouldn't be any disputes. Luo Zheng, do you agree with me? "
Luo Zheng nodded. "Miss Mo's words are reasonable. Apologies are indeed useless. It's just a way for the weak to compromise with the strong. If Qin Gang's strength was far beyond Miss Mo's, he wouldn't need to apologize to you at all. If he said it, then so be it. I believe Miss Mo can't do anything to him. But just because he's weak, Miss Mo has no bottom line to gouge out his eyes and cut his tongue.
"Too much? Since he's weaker than me, then nothing I do is too much, "Mo Yuxin said rudely.
"If I say that Miss Mo is weaker than me, does that mean nothing I do to you is too much?" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
After Luo Zheng said this, the surroundings suddenly became quiet.
Everyone knew that a witch like Mo Yuxin was difficult to deal with, but Luo Zheng didn't seem to have this awareness at all. He was too bold to directly say this to Mo Yuxin.
This sentence could be interpreted in many ways, especially when a man said this to a woman. Most people would think that it was vulgar.
Mo Yuxin stared at Luo Zheng's face and sneered. "If you're really stronger than me, then nothing you do is too much! But if you lose to me, then you'll be at my disposal! "
"Okay, but Qin Gang's matter is over." Luo Zheng nodded lightly.
Luo Zheng originally didn't want to care about Qin Gang, but since he had already stood up, he might as well take this matter on.
In fact, Luo Zheng also knew that he would have to fight Mo Yuxin in the Transmigration Competition sooner or later. But through Qin Gang's words, there was an additional promise of a fight. As for this promise, it was actually a little vague.
Although it was vague, it was still a little troublesome.
If Luo Zheng won, it would be fine. He wasn't interested in dealing with this little witch. If he lost, only God knew what she would do to torture him.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Yuxin suddenly shook her head. "Over? How can people who offend me be forgiven so easily! "Suddenly, a green-grey light appeared in her hand and shot towards Qin Gang.
Luo Zheng didn't expect Mo Yuxin to attack without warning. What's more, she was so close to Qin Gang. Seeing that it was too late to stop her, Luo Zheng just shouted, "Miss Mo, don't!"
But it was already too late. The green-grey light went straight to Qin Gang's chest. It went through his chest and then came out from his back.
Qin Gang's eyes were wide open. His eyes were full of panic. He covered his chest with his hand. That chest was where his heart was. Once the heart was damaged, it would be a fatal injury.
But after Luo Zheng used his Divine Sense to scan, there was no panic on his face. Although Mo Yuxin liked to mess around, this time she had a sense of propriety. Her green-grey light was extremely accurate. It drilled into a space next to Qin Gang's heart. It didn't damage Qin Gang's important blood vessels. So although the injury looked terrible, it wouldn't be fatal. It wouldn't even leave a root of the disease.
She just wanted to make Qin Gang suffer a little.
People with bad mouths will eventually suffer a little.
Mo Yuxin's attack succeeded. She didn't look back. She turned her head and walked back to the arena. But there was a smile on her face.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 259
When she was fighting Quan Xiaoyan, Qin Gang wasn't the only one with a foul mouth. The male disciples of the 33 peaks were always like this. However, the reason why she chose Qin Gang was because she was certain that Luo Zheng would intervene.
Following Luo Zheng's performance on the stage, Mo Yuxin's interest in him increased bit by bit. She felt that just making two holes in Luo Zheng's body was no longer enough to satisfy her, so she came up with this method.
"En, if I win, how should I deal with Luo Zheng?" Mo Yuxin thought about this question as she walked.
Logically speaking, Mo Yuxin casually walked out of the stage. According to the rules of the competition, she should be declared the loser. However, the Blue Cloud Sect would always take care of their direct disciples. Moreover, Mo Yuxin's background was very big, so the referees wouldn't look for trouble. If they angered Mo Yuxin, they would be the unlucky ones.
Quan Xiaoyan had been waiting for a long time. However, she was an obedient girl. She rarely lost her temper and was very kind to others. Just now, those male disciples were spouting nonsense. In fact, she was also very angry. However, she wasn't as ruthless as Mo Yuxin.
Mo Yuxin looked at Quan Xiaoyan indifferently. She then shook her head and said, "Your talent is very high, and your strength is also very strong. However, you are not my opponent."
"Why?" Quan Xiaoyan's small face revealed an unconvinced expression.
Mo Yuxin smiled faintly and said, "From your performance just now, I can see that you are not ruthless enough. Especially towards men, you must be ruthless. If you can't do that, then you are destined to not be my opponent."
Quan Xiaoyan raised her eyebrows, "That's not necessarily true. I am not ruthless towards men, but who knows if I am especially ruthless towards women?"
"Ruthless towards women?" Mo Yuxin's smile became even wider, "I don't believe you!"
"If you don't believe me, you can try." After Quan Xiaoyan finished speaking, a small and exquisite jade sword jumped into her jade hand. Quan Xiaoyan's cultivation method walked the path of agility, so her killing intent was not dense. Moreover, Quan Xiaoyan was extremely fast in almost every battle. In a short period of time, she would break down her opponent's defense and obtain victory by placing her jade sword against her opponent's neck.
After encountering a direct disciple like Mo Yuxin, Quan Xiaoyan knew that she could no longer stay behind. She had to give it her all.
Therefore, Quan Xiaoyan's first move was ruthless. Just like she said, she was ruthless towards women.
"Jade Hundred Flower's Sword!"
Quan Xiaoyan took a step forward. Strands of True Essence condensed into all kinds of flowers and poured into the jade sword. At the same time, her movement technique was also very agile. She took small quick steps and rushed towards Mo Yuxin.
The Jade Maiden's Hundred Flower Sword could stab out a hundred times in a short period of time.
...........................................................................................
Boring thrusting, sheathing, thrusting, sheathing.
..........................
........... by............ were.... took a............
But as she practiced again and again, this time slowly decreased from an incense's time to half an incense's time.
Later on, she only needed fifty breaths of time for every one hundred sword stabs. Forty breaths of time.
Now, she only needed three breaths of time to stab a hundred sword stabs!
What kind of concept was three breaths of time? In other words, she could stab thirty times in one breath. This was an extremely terrifying speed.
Therefore, when Quan Xiaoyan attacked, most people only saw a handful of sword shadows. Those sword shadows were accompanied by all kinds of flowers. There were peonies, chrysanthemums, camellias …
Avoiding this level of speed was definitely a challenge for her opponent. If they were not strong enough, they would be pierced into a sieve in an instant!
But Quan Xiaoyan's opponent was Mo Yuxin. She was a woman, but she was not easy to deal with!
Mo Yuxin waved her hand and a weapon jumped into her hand. Then, countless green and grey lights rushed out from her hand.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding!"
The two women exchanged countless blows in an instant. Quan Xiaoyan's green sword light collided with Mo Yuxin's green and grey light, creating a crisp sound.
The jade sword in Quan Xiaoyan's hand was clearly not an ordinary item. Although it looked like a sword made of jade, when it collided with Mo Yuxin's weapon, it produced a crisp and melodious sound. It did not break at all.
After the first round, the two women retreated a few steps. Quan Xiaoyan's chest heaved up and down, but Mo Yuxin was calm and composed. She still had a smile on her face. At this moment, everyone saw that the weapon in Mo Yuxin's hand was a green and grey Emei Piercer.
"I also like such a ruthless woman!" Mo Yuxin smiled charmingly.
Quan Xiaoyan didn't know why, but when she heard Mo Yuxin say that she liked her, goosebumps appeared all over her body. She no longer spoke. She stepped forward and continued to attack Mo Yuxin.
The two women walked on light and agile paths. Whether it was their speed or movement techniques, it was enough to make most of the male disciples blush with shame!
Because they were fast, the fight between the two was also very interesting to watch. Every time they intersected, they would exchange dozens of moves in an instant, using speed to fight speed. Then, they would quickly retreat or take advantage of the situation to pursue and attack. The two women were like two dancing butterflies, which was very beautiful.
Seeing the two women fight, many disciples cheered from the bottom of their hearts.
This time, no one dared to take advantage of the situation. Moreover, the two women's strength had convinced all the male disciples present. At least ninety-nine percent of the male disciples present would not be able to withstand a single blow from the two women!
This fight lasted for the time it took to burn three incense sticks.
A crisp sound was heard, followed by Quan Xiaoyan's scream. The jade sword in her hand had already fallen to the ground, and Mo Yuxin's Emei Piercer was already pressed against Quan Xiaoyan's forehead.
Quan Xiaoyan's expression was still unconvinced. It seemed that she had made a mistake, or perhaps she did not use her full strength.
Mo Yuxin said, "Miss Quan, it seems that you are not convinced? No problem, you can choose not to admit defeat. I can give you another chance, but you must promise me that if you lose to me again, I will punish you as I wish! "
After saying this, Mo Yuxin even stretched out her orchid jade fingers and gently rubbed them across Quan Xiaoyan's face.
A chill came from the bottom of Quan Xiaoyan's heart. She turned pale with fright and hurriedly shouted to the referee, "I admit defeat!"
Seeing Quan Xiaoyan look as if she had seen a ghost, Mo Yuxin unhappily muttered, "Is there a need? I'm not a ghost. "
Quan Xiaoyan picked up her jade sword and walked down from the stage. She thought to herself, 'You are scarier than a ghost!'
The battle between the two peerless prides was wonderful, but since it was a battle between women, it was not fierce enough, or perhaps it was not bloody enough. But overall, it was an eye-opener for many disciples. They understood that a martial artist's speed could reach such a level!
However, the next two rounds of battle immediately ignited many disciples.
One was the battle between Hua Tianming and his personal disciple, Wen Fenqin. The other was between his personal disciple, Yuan Xiao, and his personal disciple, Shi Lei.
In the first battle, Hua Tianming still did not draw his sword. He still did not draw his sword against his personal disciple. This action shocked everyone once again, and at the same time, it successfully angered Wen Fenqin. When had a personal disciple ever been humiliated like this?
But the result of the battle told everyone that Hua Tianming had the qualifications to not draw his sword. Wen Fenqin lost.
In the second battle, Yuan Xiao and Shi Lei were both personal disciples. Their battle was also earth-shattering, nearly destroying half of the stage. In the end, Shi Lei was slightly better and won the battle.
These two battles could be considered the highest level of competition between disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. This was because whether it was Wen Fenqin, Yuan Xiao, or Shi Lei, all three of them were firmly in the top ten of the Azure Cloud Sect!
The gap between the top 100 and the top 50 on the Azure Cloud Ranking was not big, but the gap between them and the top 30 was huge. The gap between the top 30 and the top 15 was even bigger. As for the top 10, every step forward was harder than ascending to heaven! This was because the opponents in front of them were all peerless geniuses!
In the third battle, the referee suddenly announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus personal disciple, Jiang Shili!"
"Jiang Shili! It's said that he's qualified to be in the top five. It's said that he's a disciple of Perfected Zi Qing. I don't know how Luo Zheng will deal with him. If Luo Zheng can pass this round, it'll be wonderful. Good shows will come one after another! "A disciple shouted excitedly.

Chapter 260
In the Blue Cloud Sect, the Sect Master had the most power. If Su Qian of the Burning Sky Dynasty had not joined the Burning Sky Palace with his amazing talent, the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master would be the overlord of the Eastern Region.
The next in line was the Deputy Sect Master, then the Elders, and finally the Perfected Person.
The so-called Perfected Person actually relied on age to reach a certain realm. With their talent, if they did not have a great opportunity, they could only become a Perfected Person in the Blue Cloud Sect. The high and mighty Cloud Hall had no intention of accepting them.
Previously, Luo Zheng had conflicts with those Perfected Persons. On the day of the trial, the one who tried Luo Zheng was Perfected Zi Qing.
Knowing that his opponent was Perfected Zi Qing's disciple, Luo Zheng was naturally vigilant.
Jiang Shili did not wear the purple robe of a personal disciple. Instead, he wore a simple black shirt. His face was dark and thin, and he stood there like a thin child. Strangely, he did not have the slightest aura!
If no one had said that he was Jiang Shili, no one would have thought that this inconspicuous young man in front of them was actually a top disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect!
Everyone had an aura, just like how children would have "childishness", generals would have "murderous aura", and scholars would have "scholarly aura". Everyone exuded all kinds of aura at all times, but the aura of an ordinary person was much smaller than that of a warrior.
After all, the aura was determined by a person's blood Qi. After cultivation, a warrior's blood Qi was much stronger than that of an ordinary person. It could be said that the aura they exuded was naturally stronger.
However, Jiang Shili in front of them could completely restrain his aura. He obviously had a secret technique to conceal his aura.
After stepping into the arena, Luo Zheng's vital essence was slowly circulating. He was not afraid of people like Wang Yanmiao. Luo Zheng could see through Wang Yanmiao's thoughts, but Jiang Shili in front of him gave Luo Zheng an unfathomable feeling.
After the referee announced the start of the battle, Jiang Shili smiled strangely. Without any words or warning, he made his move!
The black vital essence on his body dissipated bit by bit. As he moved, it fluttered behind him like pieces of rags. Jiang Shili also maintained a distance of half a person's height, like a ghost.
While Jiang Shili was flying around Luo Zheng, black shadows remained in place, floating in mid-air. These black shadows were different from Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom. Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom was just a silhouette of Luo Zheng. These black shadows were very similar to Jiang Shili's body, as though they were his clones.
"Transforming his vital essence into the shape of his body? This person's martial arts are inclined towards illusion and assassination." Luo Zheng roughly understood Jiang Shili's purpose. He left many shadows in the arena. These black shadows merged with his black clothes and became his best cover. Jiang Shili was changing the environment of the arena to his advantage.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He firmly locked his divine sense on Jiang Shili and did not dare to relax. Jiang Shili must have known that his divine sense was locked on him. At this moment, he was not in a hurry to attack. Instead, he kept setting up shadows at a faster speed. The more shadows there were in the arena, the more chaotic the scene would be, and the more advantageous it would be for him.
After about ten breaths, Jiang Shili suddenly sped up. His figure instantly got rid of Luo Zheng's divine sense and disappeared from the arena.
"Is he hiding?" Luo Zheng frowned and looked at the black shadows floating in front of him. At this time, Luo Zheng could no longer lock on to Jiang Shili's position.
Luo Zheng did not have a good way to counter this kind of assassination attack. The key was that Jiang Shili had almost completely concealed his aura. Now, Luo Zheng could only wait until Jiang Shili attacked him before he counterattacked.
But would Jiang Shili give him this opportunity?
Jiang Shili floated in a black shadow and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. He had already made Luo Zheng his target, but he did not release any killing intent. Hiding his killing intent was Jiang Shili's talent.
Unlike most warriors, although Jiang Shili also practiced martial arts, he mainly practiced the way of assassination among warriors.
There used to be a clan in the Eastern Region called the Shadow Clan. It was said that the headquarters of this clan was on the other side of this continent, and the Shadow Clan in the Eastern Region was just a small branch.
Even if it was a small branch, it had done a lot of great things in the history of the Eastern Region!
At least ten emperors had died in the hands of the Shadow Clan assassins. Even three emperors of the Fentian Dynasty had died in the hands of the Shadow Clan assassins.
The Shadow Clan was proficient in the art of assassination. Even in the face of a stronger opponent, they were quite confident that they could assassinate the other party.
Because of this, the existence of the Shadow Clan was a threat to the Fentian Dynasty and the Seven Major Noble Clans. No monarch or powerhouse liked having an assassin who could threaten them by their side.
Therefore, three hundred years ago, the Fentian Dynasty joined forces with the Blue Cloud Sect and the Seven Major Noble Clans to annihilate the Shadow Clan. This assassin clan in the Eastern Region gradually fell apart. Until now, three hundred years later, they had not recovered.
And Jiang Shili was the strongest genius born in the Eastern Region's Shadow Clan in the past three hundred years!
He was born with the talent to perfectly conceal his aura and a soul power that far exceeded that of his peers. These two points alone were enough to allow him to go far on the path of assassination.
His goal was to leave the Eastern Region and return to the other side of the continent. He wanted to return to the headquarters of the Shadow Clan and compete with the young talents of his clan. Whether it was the Blue Cloud Sect or the Cloud Hall, they were just a small springboard for him.
As an assassin, intelligence gathering was the most important step. Therefore, although it was Jiang Shili's first time taking action, he had recorded all the fights of the disciples in the All-Peak Tournament, the characteristics of each disciple, their strength, and so on in his mind!
Jiang Shili was very surprised by the strength of Luo Zheng, who was only at the Xiantian Second Stage. This young man seemed to have talent no less than his own. If he had such strength at the Xiantian Second Stage, wouldn't he be able to defeat all the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses when he stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm?
Just as Jiang Shili was huddled in a corner, silently watching the proceedings of the All-Peak Tournament, his master, Perfected Zi Qing, suddenly asked him to get ready to fight and told him that his opponent was Luo Zheng. At the same time, he gave him a request, which was to kill him.
"In the arena, pretend to make a mistake and assassinate Luo Zheng!"
Jiang Shili was never jealous of any genius, nor was he afraid to compete with any genius because he was a genius among geniuses. And only by comparing notes with geniuses could he stand out. Therefore, he was looking forward to the battle with Luo Zheng.
More importantly, his master had asked him to kill him!
In every All-Peak Tournament, there were disciples who were accidentally killed in the arena. This was the so-called "fists and feet have no eyes".
However, under normal circumstances, no one would blatantly kill someone in the arena.
Just the thought of being able to kill a genius with his own hands made Jiang Shili excited. He calmly accepted his master's suggestion.
Jiang Shili was very conceited. With his confidence, he felt that he could kill Luo Zheng in an instant.
However, to Jiang Shili, Luo Zheng was like his prey. What he liked most was to see his prey slowly struggling in his hands, revealing a look of fear, and then die unwillingly. He wanted to fully experience this feeling.
Those black shadows were Jiang Shili's "Shadow Killing Formation". This Shadow Killing Formation was a net he had set up.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's expression made Jiang Shili slightly unhappy. Luo Zheng had already fallen into his net. He should have shown a look of fear or at least some panic.
However, Jiang Shili could not find any panic on Luo Zheng's face. On the contrary, he was very calm and did not seem to realize that he was being treated as prey!
This was too boring!
Jiang Shili felt that it was necessary to give him some pressure.
"Hehehe …"
Jiang Shili let out a burst of terrifying laughter.
Creating an oppressive atmosphere could destroy the confidence of the prey, make them panic, and even cause them to reveal their flaws. This was a method that assassins often used.
For example, when assassinating in the middle of the night, some assassins would even imitate the sound of ghosts. When the prey was panicking, they would kill them in one blow.
When Jiang Shili sneered, all the black shadows laughed at the same time. It was impossible to tell his location based on the sound alone.
"You can still laugh. I thought you were mute!" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Jiang Shili's laughter stopped abruptly. When he heard Luo Zheng's words, Jiang Shili felt that he had become an idiot. He even felt that he had been played by Luo Zheng. A hint of anger quietly rose in his heart.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly moved. Six Heavenly Demon Phantom appeared behind him and slammed towards him.
Jiang Shili took a deep breath and urged his figure to switch between the black shadows. One of the Heavenly Demon Phantom flew past his ear!
Although it was a short confrontation, it was very dangerous.
Luo Zheng said with a smile, "It's a pity that your concealment technique is indeed powerful. You only revealed your position when I provoked you!"
This guy's perception was too sharp!
Just by relying on the fluctuations in his emotions, he was able to determine his position …
"Yes, your perception is indeed powerful, but you are still no match for me," all the black shadows that Jiang Shili had transformed into said at the same time.
"Since you think I'm no match for you, then don't hover around me looking for an opportunity. Just defeat me directly. How can I believe that I'm no match for you when you're such a coward?" Luo Zheng replied with a smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Jiang Shili's heart almost fluctuated again, but he forcibly suppressed it. What was going on? In the past, he had always been able to maintain a calm state of mind. Why was his mood fluctuating because of this kid's words?
Calm down, calm down!
Jiang Shili had to remind himself in his heart that he even needed to recite the "Assassin's Ten Commandments".
As a mature assassin, he had to abstain from arrogance, impatience, anger, and …

Chapter 261
Just as Jiang Shili was reciting "Assassin's Ten Commandments," Luo Zheng suddenly sat on the ground. Then, he asked the referee not far away, "Referee, my opponent, Jiang Shili, won't fight me head-on. Can I take a break?"
The referee who presided over the match had a baffled expression on his face. Every opponent had their own way of attacking. The referee did not answer Luo Zheng's question.
However, Luo Zheng's voice was very loud. Not only did the referee hear it, but many disciples in the arena also heard it.
So far, Luo Zheng's match was one of the most attention-grabbing matches. It was even more eye-catching than Hua Tianming's match!
This was because the gap between Luo Zheng's level was too big. Everyone wanted to see how far Luo Zheng could go in the All-Sect Tournament.
Moreover, with the ups and downs of the previous match where Luo Zheng defeated Wang Yanmiao, many disciples were looking forward to this match being even more exciting!
However, from the beginning, the two of them faced each other in the arena without saying a word. They only exchanged blows once in the middle and did not even collide. This match … was too boring.
Luo Zheng's words intensified everyone's impression of this match as boring. Or rather, it made everyone understand that the main culprit for this boring match was Jiang Shili!
"Damn, what's wrong with Jiang Shili? Luo Zheng is sitting on the ground out of boredom and he still doesn't dare to make a move! "
"Oh my God, is this still a match? I'm sleepy watching this! Is Jiang Shili really a personal disciple? He bragged so much. Why did he become a coward in the arena? What's with his ranking being in the top five of the Blue Cloud Sect? I think he's more like the fifth from the bottom! "
"That's true. He's probably the most timid personal disciple. He hasn't dared to show up and fight head-on. He might as well just admit defeat. I'm about to fall asleep watching this match!"
Luo Zheng's words were just a prelude. Soon, it ignited the dissatisfaction of the disciples and they began to complain.
Seeing this scene, several personal disciples, including Senior Brother Pei, Mo Yuxin, and the others, smiled.
Those who were knowledgeable naturally knew that Jiang Shili practiced the art of assassination. Assassins naturally could not fight head-on like other warriors. This was equivalent to letting an archer charge into the enemy lines on the battlefield and fight with a cavalry …
The art of assassination was all about killing with one blow. Jiang Shili might only make one move in the entire battle, but that one move alone could determine the outcome of the entire battle.
Therefore, fighting with an assassin who practiced the art of assassination was very boring. However, in the eyes of a master, this silent psychological warfare was even more dangerous than a real fight!
Jiang Shili's's's's's.. and the Divine Illumination Realm personal disciples could not either 'Shili' '''s and's could not sensing Shili's's's's's either. and the other personal disciples also could not. Jiang ''s was' '' ''s could not.' '' '' '''s.'s's' '..
However, because of Luo Zheng's words, the atmosphere that Jiang Shili had created was immediately destroyed.
The curses of many disciples almost made the entire arena a joke. Jiang Shili's' profound's' concealment technique also became the laughing stock of many disciples.
Senior Brother Pei, who had always been as steady as a mountain, also said with a smile, "This Luo Zheng is too insidious. I wonder how Jiang Shili, who is hiding in the dark, is feeling!"
"Hehe, he's probably secretly vomiting blood!" Mo Yuxin's eyes lit up. "I'm looking forward to fighting with Luo Zheng more and more! If I beat him, I can do whatever I want with him. Hmm? How should I deal with him? "
"Aren't you afraid of losing to him?" Senior Brother Pei asked with a smile.
Mo Yuxin showed an indifferent expression. Suddenly, she said in a childish voice, "Then I'll let him do whatever he wants with me! I wonder how he'll deal with me! "
"…" Senior Brother Pei rolled his eyes and sat on the ground. Facing this crazy junior sister of his, it was common for him to be speechless.
Jiang Shili, who was hidden in the shadows, almost vomited blood!
He somewhat understood why his Master wanted to get rid of this hateful guy.
This guy was too wicked!
Hearing the curses of the disciples outside the arena, he wished he could rush out of the arena and cut off their heads one by one.
In Jiang Shili's eyes, the strength of these mountain peak disciples was like ants. He could defeat them with his little finger, but they dared to criticize him and even scold him. What right did they have?
It was all Luo Zheng's fault.
Thinking of this, another wave of hatred rose in his heart. At this moment, Luo Zheng turned his head and seemed to have caught something. He looked in Jiang Shili's direction.
Jiang Shili's heart suddenly hung. He immediately suppressed this hatred and continued to recite the "Assassin's Ten Commandments".
Restrain, restrain …
Restrain arrogance, restrain impatience, restrain anger, restrain …
He wanted to be angry, but he did not dare to retaliate. He could only hold it in. This situation was the most torturous. Jiang Shili was now in such a state.
Originally, Jiang Shili felt that he could easily control the rhythm and make Luo Zheng panic and fear step by step, making it difficult for him to extricate himself. He would gradually break down Luo Zheng's psychological defenses and make him slowly collapse. Now, everything was reversed …
As Luo Zheng sat on the ground leisurely and even closed his eyes to rest, the curses outside the arena grew louder and louder. The anger in his heart became more and more difficult to suppress.
I can't tolerate it anymore!
If this continued, Jiang Shili's state of mind would only get worse and worse. In the end, his position would be completely exposed, so he decided to make a move.
It could also be said that this disciple, who was ranked fifth in the Blue Cloud Sect, was forced to make a move by those peak disciples who kept cursing outside the arena.
The shadows that were originally floating quietly in the air began to spin. Jiang Shili also spun with those shadows.
Even though Jiang Shili chose to make a move, the disciples outside the arena were still relentless.
"This Jiang Shili is finally going to make a move. I heard that he cultivates the way of assassination. An assassin has to be able to endure loneliness. He can't hold it in anymore. I think he's going to lose this battle!"
"I think so too. As an assassin, you have to have the awareness of an assassin. I heard that an assassin in the Eastern Region once lurked in a place for half a year to assassinate his target! This is the model of an assassin! Just this state of mind alone, Jiang Shili is far from it! "
Hearing the comments of those disciples, Jiang Shili almost vomited blood.
These idiots were too much. If he did not make a move, these guys would scold him. If he made a move, these guys would still find a reason to attack him. It was too much!
However, at this moment, Jiang Shili had no time to argue with them. Once an assassin decided to make a move, he must kill his prey in one blow. There was no turning back. He had to take Luo Zheng's life!
The black shadows spun faster and faster, and so did Jiang Shili's speed.
However, to Jiang Shili's surprise, Luo Zheng was still sitting on the ground with his eyes closed, as if he did not care about what was happening in front of him.
This guy could still remain so calm. He was looking down on others. Jiang Shili finally made his move.
"It's none of your business. Momentum or confidence, go to hell!"
The moment an assassin chose to make a move, he would not suppress his momentum.
It was like a leopard lurking in the grass. The moment it pounced on an antelope, it would let out a roar. This roar could make its prey fall into a temporary state of shock!
Jiang Shili was the roaring leopard, and Luo Zheng was obviously the antelope.
An almost tangible momentum rushed towards Luo Zheng. This momentum was Jiang Shili's murderous intent!
Moreover, Jiang Shili's murderous intent was very special. It contained a part of Jiang Shili's soul. In other words, Jiang Shili's attack contained a fierce soul attack.
Even for warriors at the Divine Reflection Realm, there were not many who could withstand soul attacks. Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian Second Stage. It was impossible for him to withstand this murderous intent that contained a soul attack!
Jiang Shili had collected a lot of information about Luo Zheng. He had watched the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao from beginning to end. Jiang Shili also noticed a detail. At that time, Wang Yanmiao seemed to have mentioned that Luo Zheng seemed to have a trump card. It seemed that Luo Zheng also knew soul attacks.
However, how strong could a Xiantian Second Stage warrior's soul be?
Jiang Shili had eaten a stalk of Soul Nourishing Grass every day since he was a child. The price of Soul Nourishing Grass was extremely high. A stalk of Soul Nourishing Grass was worth hundreds of cubic meters of crystal stones.
This was because he was the only hope of the Shadow Clan. Although the Shadow Clan was defeated by the Fentian Dynasty, they left behind a huge amount of wealth, which was basically invested in Jiang Shili.
Otherwise, even the eldest son of the Seven Major Aristocratic Families would not be able to afford to eat a stalk of Soul Nourishing Grass every day since he was a child! Even if the Seven Major Aristocratic Families could afford so much Soul Nourishing Grass, it was impossible to invest so many resources in one person. It was too risky.
However, Jiang Shili was different. He was the only hope of the Shadow Clan for three hundred years, the only genius!
After eating so much Soul Nourishing Grass, his soul would become stronger every day. After all these years of cultivation, his soul was far stronger than warriors of the same level.
This was why he was dismissive of Luo Zheng's "soul attack". It was because he and Luo Zheng were not on the same starting line! f
Therefore, Jiang Shili believed that just by using his murderous intent, it was enough to turn Luo Zheng into an idiot!
Luo Zheng, let's see how you block it!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 262
Since Jiang Shili had made a move, it was impossible for him to only have a soul attack.
Once an assassin made a move, it was usually a death sentence!
Of course, if it were someone else in the arena, Jiang Shili might have held back, or rather, he would not cause fatal damage to his opponent.
But now, Jiang Shili regarded Luo Zheng as a person he must kill. Naturally, he would not hold back at all!
Just as Jiang Shili used the Soul Attack, a beam of light shot out from his hand.
It was a short sword, a snake-shaped short sword!
This short sword was Jiang Shili's heirloom, an immortal weapon that had been passed down for hundreds of years! Three hundred years ago, after the Jiang Family was disintegrated by the Fengwang Dynasty, a large number of treasures and wealth were sealed in a mystic realm of the Shadow Clan. This snake-shaped short sword naturally passed into Jiang Shili's hands.
First, use the soul attack to confuse the opponent's mind, then use the snake-shaped short sword to slit the opponent's throat. This assassination method was very simple, but it was impossible to guard against!
Generally speaking, as long as the opponent's soul was not strong enough to withstand his soul attack, then he would not be able to dodge his snake-shaped short sword!
Luo Zheng's physical body was strong, but it was impossible for him to block his snake-shaped short sword!
Therefore, in Jiang Shili's opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely die with his two-pronged attack!
"Die!"
I'm destined to become a famous assassin in this world, and you'll only become a pile of bones.
As for the grasshoppers who mocked him in the arena, they were destined to look up to him and listen to his legend!
But the moment Jiang Shili's soul attack poured into Luo Zheng's mind, there was a sudden change!
Soul attack, to put it bluntly, was a battle of the soul.
Jiang Shili had been consuming Soul Cultivation Grass since he was a child, which made his soul much stronger than ordinary people.
Although the Soul Cultivation Grass was precious, it had a limited effect on the improvement of soul power.
This could not be helped. Even in the Blue Cloud Sect, there were a few secret manuals that used soul attacks, but there was not a single one that specialized in cultivating the soul!
It was too difficult to cultivate the soul. Therefore, it was very difficult and costly to use the Soul Cultivation Grass to nourish the soul.
However, Luo Zheng's soul had been tempered by that mysterious giant furnace.
That kind of inhumane torture could be said to have completely transformed Luo Zheng's soul!
In fact, there were ways to train the soul. Some ascetics would use some extreme methods to train the soul. The problem was that the soul was extremely fragile. If they were not careful, it was very likely that their soul would be damaged. If it was more serious, they might even become an idiot.
However, while Luo Zheng's soul was being refined by the black fire, it was also being repaired by the seven-colored light from the huge furnace!
It was easy to imagine the strength of his soul that was tempered like this.
In comparison, Jiang Shili's soul was simply too weak!
Therefore, in the face of Jiang Shili's murderous intent, Luo Zheng only felt a chill in his heart. At the same time, after suffering Jiang Shili's soul attack, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, but he did not react.
The battle between souls was often like this. The winner could be determined in an instant.
Legend had it that some powerful people could fight in the soul space. Two peerless masters could only rely on the battle between their souls to determine the winner. At that time, the soul attack was almost equal to the strength of the person. However, that level of battle was far from the level that Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili could come into contact with.
"Soul attack?" Luo Zheng sneered. After resisting Jiang Shili's soul attack that had softened his murderous intent, a gray spike condensed in his mind. The spike suddenly popped out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows and went straight for Jiang Shili.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also had a flying dagger in his hand.
Broken Flying Dagger!
Jiang Shili's double assassination method was very similar to Luo Zheng's method.
It was the same method of using a soul attack to distract the opponent and the same method of using a flying dagger to assassinate.
The reason why Luo Zheng had not used this method was that, on the one hand, he wanted to save his trump card for later. On the other hand, this method was Luo Zheng's killer move.
With the sharpness of the broken flying dagger, Luo Zheng himself might not be able to control it well. It might even take someone's life!
Although everyone was giving it their all in the arena, there would occasionally be serious injuries or even deaths.
However, the arena was not a battlefield of life and death, so Luo Zheng still had to abide by some bottom lines.
However, Luo Zheng's bottom line had been broken.
Because he felt Jiang Shili's murderous intent towards him. This guy's purpose from the beginning was not to defeat him, but to kill him.
Luo Zheng had a set of standards in his heart for good and evil. This set of standards was very simple. If others were good to him, he would be good to them. If others wanted to kill him, there was no room for him to stay!
Being kind to one's enemy was being cruel to oneself!
Although Wang Yanmiao was hateful, Luo Zheng did not feel any murderous intent from Wang Yanmiao! This was because Wang Yanmiao only wanted to step on him ruthlessly and destroy his martial arts heart. That was why Luo Zheng let Wang Yanmiao off and even helped him when Wang Yanmiao was in a state of Qi deviation!
However, since Jiang Shili wanted to kill him, Luo Zheng did not have any scruples!
In fact, from the beginning, Luo Zheng had been on guard against Jiang Shili's murderous intent. Luo Zheng could roughly guess that Jiang Shili's murderous intent towards him came from the instructions of Perfected Zi Qing and Zhenren Tianqiong. However, this speculation could only be kept in Luo Zheng's mind. Naturally, he would not say this to the Blue Cloud Sect disciples without any evidence.
While Luo Zheng was on guard, he also grasped Jiang Shili's mentality. Frankly speaking, if Jiang Shili continued to waste time with Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng really did not have a good way to deal with him.
However, Luo Zheng understood that Jiang Shili was angry because of his words. Although Jiang Shili was very strong, he was not a competent killer. That was why Luo Zheng sat on the ground, said those words, and led the Blue Cloud Sect disciples to further anger Jiang Shili.
When Jiang Shili sensed that Luo Zheng had blocked his soul attack, his expression changed drastically!
He realized that he was very wrong!
Luo Zheng's soul attack that Wang Yanmiao mentioned was definitely Luo Zheng's greatest reliance!
How could this be? How could it be? With the strength of a Xiantian Second Stage, his physical body was already terrifyingly strong. How could his soul be so strong as well? His soul attack did not cause any harm to him? Was this guy still human?
Just as he was shouting these questions in his heart, Luo Zheng's Stun Spirit Spike had already launched a counterattack.
The Soul Spike instantly pierced Jiang Shili's mind. Suddenly, Jiang Shili felt that his soul had suffered a powerful blow. This blow almost made him faint from the pain.
However, compared to Luo Zheng's previous opponents, Jiang Shili's performance was still not good.
Because Jiang Shili had nurtured his soul since he was young, his soul was much stronger than the average warrior. Although Luo Zheng's Stun Spirit Spike was powerful, Jiang Shili's soul could still withstand it.
Therefore, although Jiang Shili was in pain, he did not really faint. Even though he was at a disadvantage in the battle of souls, he still had the snake-shaped dagger.
As long as the snake-shaped dagger pierced through Luo Zheng's body, there was no way he could survive.
However, at this moment, he saw a broken flying dagger appear in Luo Zheng's hand.
"A piece of junk?" Jiang Shili snorted coldly in his heart. You want to block my snake-shaped dagger with this thing?
Not to mention that his snake-shaped dagger was an immortal weapon.
Even if the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand was also an immortal weapon, the essence of the Sky Eye would continue to dissipate over time. The more damaged it was, the faster it dissipated.
Looking at the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand, according to Jiang Shili's estimation, its power was at most equivalent to an inferior-grade spiritual weapon.
It could not block his snake-shaped dagger at all.
However, the moment the two daggers intersected, Jiang Shili was stunned.
He saw the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand send his snake-shaped dagger flying. Jiang Shili could clearly see that there was a crack on the blade of his snake-shaped dagger!
This was because the two flying daggers were not intersecting in a straight line. The snake-shaped dagger only brushed past the broken flying dagger from the side, so the damage was minimal.
If the two had collided head-on, Jiang Shili's snake-shaped dagger would have broken into two!
What kind of flying dagger was this? It still had such power even after being broken!
Jiang Shili was dumbfounded. While he was still in shock, the broken flying dagger flew toward his face. Seeing this scene, Jiang Shili was scared out of his wits. If he was pierced by this broken flying dagger, his life would be over.
A survival instinct rose from within his body. His entire body abruptly leaned backwards, barely dodging the attack of the flying dagger. However, the flying dagger still brushed past his forehead, drawing a line of blood on his forehead!
The moment Jiang Shili retreated, he immediately hid in the shadows in mid-air.
At this moment, Luo Zheng stood up with a sneer on his face. He gently waved his left hand and the broken throwing knife returned to his hand.
The speed of the confrontation between the two was extremely fast. This round of confrontation only happened in a flash, but the level of danger far exceeded any previous battle.
Many disciples could see that Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili were risking their lives!
The disciples held their breaths as they watched the whole process. They were stunned for a while before they began to discuss.
"That was too close! I didn't expect Luo Zheng to have a weapon too! His weapon is a broken flying dagger! "
"That flying dagger is definitely not an ordinary weapon. The snake-shaped dagger in Jiang Shili's hand is an immortal weapon. However, when it collided with Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger, a piece of the snake-shaped dagger was shattered while the broken flying dagger was undamaged. This shows that the grade of the broken flying dagger is far beyond that of an immortal weapon!"
"This Luo Zheng is really secretive. I wonder what other trump cards he has up his sleeves!"
"Hmph, you're too short-sighted. Let me tell you what other trump cards Luo Zheng has up his sleeves. Just now, Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili shot at each other with flying daggers and daggers, but in fact, there was another level of confrontation. That is, the confrontation on the spiritual level. It seems that Jiang Shili lost to Luo Zheng and suffered a loss in the confrontation on the spiritual level."
There were many talents in the All-Peak Tournament. Although Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili only exchanged blows for a moment, some people still saw through the mystery.
"What!"

Chapter 263
Luo Zheng was born with superhuman strength. His physical body was so strong that he would not be injured even if he was hit by a spiritual weapon. Even if Luo Zheng had a fortuitous encounter, he could not be envious.
But this guy's soul was also so strong?
If that was the case, then the heavens were too unfair.
Generally, warriors always had a preference. Swordsmen were agile and sharp, swordsmen were domineering and destructive, and assassins were good at hiding and had the ability to kill with one blow.
Very few people could be proficient in everything. After all, there were too many geniuses in this era. If one was strong in every aspect, it was equivalent to being weak in every aspect. An all-rounder would be mediocre because even the most talented warrior could not be strong in every aspect. A person's lifespan was limited. If you invested a lot of time in one aspect, you were destined to not be able to cultivate in other aspects.
However, Luo Zheng was a perfect all-rounder.
In the eyes of many people, this was almost impossible, especially when Luo Zheng was only seventeen years old and was only at the Xiantian Realm Second Stage!
Therefore, it was understandable that everyone did not believe it. In other words, it was not that they did not believe that Luo Zheng had defeated Jiang Shili in the soul level, but that there was such a perfect all-rounder in this world!
Seeing that everyone did not believe it, the disciple who told the truth snorted and shook his head without saying a word.
Instead, another person came forward and said, "He's right. Jiang Shili was indeed at a disadvantage in the battle of souls. I don't know how strong Luo Zheng's soul is, but I'm sure that Jiang Shili's soul is far weaker than Luo Zheng's."
The battle of souls was so straightforward. The winner was obvious and there were no variables to speak of.
Hearing the other person say the same thing, everyone sucked in a deep breath of cold air. They were so stunned that they couldn't say anything.
As the saying goes, comparisons are odious.
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng had slaughtered his way out of the inconspicuous Little Rain Peak and shone brilliantly in the All-Peak Grand Competition. Most people could not compare to him! Because Luo Zheng had become an existence that they looked up to!
This was how it was between people. If a person was only a little stronger than you, you might be interested in competing with him. However, if he was much stronger than you and became an existence that you looked up to, then you would simply give up on competing with him.
This was the current situation. Luo Zheng's image was already an insurmountable mountain in their hearts. Perhaps they would never be able to surpass it in this lifetime.
Shi Jingtian looked at the battle in the arena and frowned slightly.
With his experience, he could naturally see the risks of the battle between the two. In this kind of life-and-death battle, a slight miscalculation, one side, or even both....
However, it was impossible for Shi Jingtian to stop the fight because of this. A martial artist was not a flower in a greenhouse. If one wanted to become a strong martial artist, he was destined to accept the baptism of blood and fire. This was why the Blue Cloud Sect issued so many dangerous missions. It was also why many martial artists chose to join the army to gain experience. Only by walking on the edge of death could one's potential be squeezed to the limit.
However, Shi Jingtian had a trace of doubt in his heart.
Why did Jiang Shili fight so fiercely? He didn't seem to want to win the battle. Instead, he wanted to kill. Could it be that Luo Zheng had a grudge against Jiang Shili?
Although Shi Jingtian encouraged his disciples to display their full strength, both of them were talented disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. Luo Zheng's talent moved Shi Jingtian and made him cherish his talent. Shi Jingtian even had his own plans for Luo Zheng's future. If Luo Zheng was assassinated by Jiang Shili, he would be heartbroken.
At this moment, a deacon sent a jade slip over. The deacon was sent by Elder Xu to investigate Luo Zheng's cultivation during this period.
Elder Xu took the jade slip in his hand, turned around, and handed it to Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian grabbed the jade slip and browsed through it. His frown deepened.
When Elder Xu saw Shi Jingtian's ugly expression, he asked, "Sect Master, what is recorded in the jade slip?"
Shi Jingtian threw the jade slip to Elder Xu. "See for yourself!"
Elder Xu opened the jade slip and his expression changed drastically.
"November, Fire Day. Luo Zheng entered the Fantasy Fish Pond for the first time to cultivate. He dived 130 meters! To be able to dive this deep at Xiantian Realm Level One, it is the birth of another peerless genius in our sect. If nurtured properly, he will definitely shine. Deacon Cao, respectfully. "
"December, Water Day. Luo Zheng entered the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform for the first time. Under the eighth level of difficulty, he broke through a hundred points and comprehended sword intent. Since the founding of our sect, we have never seen such a disciple. It's hard to describe his talent … Deacon Song, respectfully."
When Elder Xu saw this, his expression became uglier and uglier.
Shi Jingtian sneered. "Breaking through Level Eight on his first time entering the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform. Humph, since the establishment of our Blue Cloud Sect, I am afraid there has never been such a monstrous disciple. Moreover, he comprehended Sword Essence. It seems that Luo Zheng is still hiding his strength. If it wasn't for this year's Peak Competition, I am afraid I wouldn't have known about this kid's existence! These two deacons discovered that Luo Zheng's talent is extraordinary. If they were to discover Luo Zheng, they would naturally be rewarded. After all, this is one of their duties! "
"However, when the reports came up, they were all blocked by the few True Masters! That Zhenren Tianqiong and Immortal Zi Qing, right? Those two old things only relied on the Blue Cloud Sect's resources to cultivate to the Extreme Illuminating Realm. Do they think they are some big shots in the Blue Cloud Sect … "
As Shi Jingtian spoke, he stared at the arena. He raised his eyebrows again and continued, "I don't know what kind of conflict those two old guys have with Luo Zheng. They are bent on killing Luo Zheng. Moreover, they are bold enough to do such a thing during the Peak Competition! Jiang Shili is Zi Qing's personal disciple, right? No wonder he used a fatal move as soon as he made his move! "
Elder Xu's expression changed again when he heard Shi Jingtian's words.
From the jade slip, Zi Qing and Tianqiong did have a conflict with Luo Zheng. However, letting their personal disciples kill Luo Zheng during the Peak Competition was too lawless.
Elder Xu also noticed what Shi Jingtian said. Judging from Jiang Shili's actions, Zi Qing and Tianqiong were indeed doing so!
"Sect Master Shi, should I go down and stop this battle?" Elder Xu asked. Although it was not a good thing to abruptly stop the battle, today's situation was rather special.
"No need!" Unexpectedly, Shi Jingtian waved his hand and said, "Look at the current situation. Jiang Shili may not be Luo Zheng's opponent. Let's observe the situation first!"
The battle between Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili in the arena was still ongoing.
Since Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger had been revealed, he did not have to hide it anymore.
Jiang Shili's concealment technique was brilliant, but the arena was only so big. There were only hundreds of shadows in the arena, and Jiang Shili was destined to hide in one of the shadows.
"Heavenly Demon Phantom!"
Luo Zheng controlled the six Heavenly Demon Phantom to constantly shuttle through the shadows. The Heavenly Demon Phantom constantly penetrated the shadows. If Jiang Shili was hiding in the shadows, he would definitely be knocked out by the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
At the same time, the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand spun wildly around him. Every time the broken flying dagger reverberated, it could instantly penetrate more than a dozen shadows.
They would be able to force Jiang Shili out of hiding with the help of the black shadows!
Just as Luo Zheng flattened a corner, the broken flying dagger shot toward a few shadows in front of him.
One of the shadows flashed out. It was Jiang Shili, who was hiding in the shadows. Jiang Shili leaped out and once again shot the snake-shaped dagger in his hand.
Seeing the snake-shaped dagger, Luo Zheng sneered and the broken flying dagger met it head-on.
"Clang!"
When the flying dagger and the dagger collided, the snake-shaped dagger was once again chipped.
The left and right sides of the snake-shaped dagger had already been shattered. If it was hit by Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger again, it would probably be cut in half and destroyed.
Jiang Shili was now suffering. He was being chased by Luo Zheng. Compared to Luo Zheng's previous opponents, his performance seemed to be worse.
In fact, his strength was stronger than Wang Yanmiao and the others. At least, he was stronger than most of the personal disciples!
If Jiang Shili's strength was taken into consideration, his strength could indeed be ranked in the top five of the Blue Cloud Sect, or even higher.
That was because even the personal disciples found it difficult to resist his two killer moves.
Just like half a year ago, Luo Zheng used the same soul attack combined with the broken flying dagger to almost take Wang Yanmiao's life. One could imagine the power of Jiang Shili's two moves with his Divine Reflection Realm strength.
It was just that these two moves of his were completely restrained by Luo Zheng.
Not only did the soul attack have no effect on Luo Zheng, but it would also be countered by Luo Zheng!
As for his dagger attack … Luo Zheng had no idea where the broken dagger in his hand came from, but the power of the broken dagger was ten times stronger than his dagger!
It really didn't make sense …
Jiang Shili wanted to give up. He even had a hunch that if he didn't admit defeat to the referee, he would probably die in the hands of Luo Zheng.
As soon as he was forced out, he immediately lurked in another shadow. Just as Jiang Shili was about to admit defeat, he suddenly heard a voice transmission.

Chapter 264
The person who used the True Essence voice transmission was Perfected Zi Qing.
Perfected Zi Qing's original plan was for Jiang Shili to pretend to make a mistake in the battle and "mistakenly kill" Luo Zheng.
The probability of such a thing happening in a battle between experts was not small. At Jiang Shili's level, he had to go all out against the enemy. There was almost no room for mercy. Once he showed mercy, it would give the opponent an opportunity to take advantage of.
When he went all out, it was naturally difficult to pull back. "Mistakenly killing" naturally became a matter of course.
Moreover, Jiang Shili's way of assassination focused on killing with one blow. The possibility of accidentally killing the opponent in the battle was higher.
The abacus proposed by Daoist Tianqiong was originally very well thought out.
However, whether it was Zhenren Tianqiong, Perfected Zi Qing, or even Jiang Shili himself, they did not expect Luo Zheng to have hidden his strength so well!
The soul attack that Jiang Shili was so proud of did not cause any trouble for Luo Zheng. Instead, Luo Zheng's soul attack caused Jiang Shili to suffer a loss.
Then, Jiang Shili's snake-shaped short sword was completely defeated by Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger!
It was too unreasonable.
It turned out that in all the previous battles, Luo Zheng did not use his full strength at all!
Since Jiang Shili was no match for Luo Zheng, their plan was naturally for naught.
Moreover, Jiang Shili felt Luo Zheng's murderous intent. He felt that if he did not admit defeat, Luo Zheng would probably kill him.
However, at that moment, Perfected Zi Qing suddenly sent a voice transmission to Jiang Shili, telling him not to admit defeat.
"Shili, don't admit defeat!"
Jiang Shili, who was hidden in the shadows, had a terrible expression. How could he continue to fight with a freak like Luo Zheng? Jiang Shili had no way to deal with the invincible broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Master, if I don't admit defeat, I'm afraid I'll be killed by Luo Zheng next time!" Jiang Shili said gloomily via True Essence.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was constantly destroying the shadows he had set up. It would not be long before Luo Zheng could force Jiang Shili out of the shadows. Once Jiang Shili escaped, he would definitely be no match for Luo Zheng.
"Don't be afraid, Shili. I have a way! I can use my methods to control the array on the stage and shift my attack over. You just need to help me cover it up and let everyone think that you're the one who used this move! I'm sure I can kill Luo Zheng in one move! "Reverend Zi Qing says again.
"Is that so? Aren't you afraid that the other elders will pursue this matter? "Jiang Shili looked at Luo Zheng, who was constantly destroying the shadows, and hesitated.
Frankly speaking, his master was taking a risk by doing this. Although the All-Peak Competition was not absolutely fair, for example, the little witch Mo Yuxin had clearly violated the rules and was not eliminated by the referee, that kind of situation was not a big deal, and those elders would not pursue the matter.
But now, Reverend Zi Qing wanted to use the illusion array to shift his attack over. This was equivalent to Reverend Zi Qing personally killing Luo Zheng. Once exposed, the impact would be very bad.
Jiang Shili wanted to refuse, but he could not bring himself to say it.
Jiang Shili was able to grow to this point because he had received the inheritance of the Shadow Clan.
However, after the entire Shadow Clan was defeated, the Shadow Clan led a miserable life in the Eastern Region. Back then, the Blue Cloud Sect knew that Jiang Shili was from the Shadow Clan and did not give him a chance to join the Blue Cloud Sect. However, it was because of Reverend Zi Qing's protection that Jiang Shili became a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect and even made an exception to accept him as an inner disciple.
Jiang Shili wanted to refuse this kindness between Master and disciple, but he could not bring himself to say it.
"Don't be afraid. They might not notice this. Even if I kill Luo Zheng, so what? There are many people who want Luo Zheng dead, but those who want to keep him alive, hehe, I don't think so … Be prepared! "Reverend Zi Qing transmitted his voice again.
In fact, if Reverend Zi Qing was alone, he might not take this risk. However, he had Zhenren Tianqiong urging him on, so he thought of this method.
It had to be said that this was a risky move.
Jiang Shili was about to say a few more words or persuade his Master, but he did not expect Reverend Zi Qing to make his move.
There was a huge illusory formation around the arena of the All-Peak Grand Competition. It was this huge illusory formation that provided all kinds of energy and boundaries. Some boundaries were used to separate the arena into multiple arenas, and the most important function of this illusory formation was to bind the aftermath of the disciples' fights within the arena, so as to avoid harming the innocent disciples who were watching the fights outside the arena.
Of course, since this illusion array was set up here, it must have more than one function.
As a Perfected Person of the Blue Cloud Sect, he was familiar with the mystery of the illusion array. Using a trick of the illusion array, he could transmit an attack.
"Hmph, Luo Zheng, die!" Zhenren Tianqiong opened a formation channel connected to the illusion array. Then, Reverend Zi Qing launched an attack.
A vortex suddenly appeared beside Jiang Shili. The vortex was hidden in the same shadow as Jiang Shili, so neither Luo Zheng nor the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect could react in time.
At this moment, everyone was still talking about Luo Zheng's counterattack against Jiang Shili!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a huge power brewing in one of the shadows.
"Hmm?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and held the broken flying dagger horizontally in front of his chest. His expression was extremely solemn, and there was a hint of doubt in his solemn expression.
The attack that was brewing in the shadow made Luo Zheng tremble in fear! Was this Jiang Shili's true strength? Or did he trigger some kind of potential that required him to pay a price?
Something was wrong!
A sense of extreme danger rose in Luo Zheng's heart.
Jiang Shili was forced into a corner by his own means just now. If he had such a secret technique, he would not have waited until now to use it.
However, how could Jiang Shili launch such a terrifying attack at this time?
There was not much time for Luo Zheng to think. A purple light suddenly shot out from the shadow!
The purple light swept toward Luo Zheng in a spiral shape. The power contained in it almost made Luo Zheng breathless.
This could not be Jiang Shili's attack!
Someone had made a move!
Was it Reverend Zi Qing? Or was it Zhenren Tianqiong? They dared to make a move in the arena of the All-Sect Tournament. How bold! Were these Reverend Cultivators really lawless in the Blue Cloud Sect?
"Ah, everyone, look! Jiang Shili's counterattack!"
"Eh, how could it be so powerful! Is Jiang Shili so strong? Could he have been hiding his strength all this time? "
"This Jiang Shili actually has such an attack. This, this, this can't be explained. It's impossible for someone who has just entered the Divine Reflection Realm to be so powerful!"
Even the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm.
Generally speaking, one could enter the Divine Reflection Realm from the first to the third level of the Divine Reflection Realm. When one's cultivation reached the third level of the Divine Reflection Realm, the Blue Cloud Sect would generally arrange some things for these disciples. For example, those with outstanding talent might have a rare opportunity to be recommended to the Cloud Hall. Some disciples would choose to join the Imperial Army of the Fentian Dynasty and gain experience in the slaughter. For example, General Xun Feilong was once a member of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, he was not talented enough and was not qualified to enter the Cloud Hall, so he chose to join the enemy.
More disciples would choose to become a Deacon and a member of the Blue Cloud Sect. They would work their way from Deacon to Hall Master, Reverend, Elder, Deputy Sect Leader, and so on.
No matter how strong Jiang Shili was, he was only at the second level of the Divine Reflection Realm. However, the move he used just now was far more powerful than the Divine Reflection Realm. It was equivalent to the full force of the Divine Reflection Realm!
Even the referee, who had always been expressionless, had a stunned expression in his eyes at this moment.
All the geniuses on the mountain peak were shocked. They did not expect Jiang Shili to prepare such a terrifying attack. How could Luo Zheng block this move?
The pressure Luo Zheng felt at this moment was unprecedentedly great.
If he had known that Jiang Shili could release such a powerful attack, he would have used his Heavenly Demon Vital Energy to devour the black shadows in advance and condense it into a powerful attack to counterattack. No, even so, it was useless. This attack was far from what he could block!
That day, Luo Zheng had blocked Zhenren Tianqiong's attack at Admonition Mountain. However, at that time, Zhenren Tianqiong was angry and attacked casually. Although Zhenren Tianqiong did not hold back, he was not particularly serious either. After all, Luo Zheng was a junior at the Connate Realm. How could he be worthy of a full force attack from an elite at the Divine Reflection Realm?
However, today's attack was different. Perfected Zi Qing had been accumulating power for a long time. When he used this move, he hoped to kill Luo Zheng in one move. Hence, he used Perfected Zi Qing's most powerful killer move right from the start!
How could Luo Zheng block a full force attack from the Divine Reflection Realm?
He had to block it even if he could not!
The sharpness of Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was far beyond that of an ordinary warrior.
Luo Zheng could not understand how Jiang Shili could be so powerful. He suspected that this was not Jiang Shili's own attack. In the face of this attack, Luo Zheng was as weak as a rabbit and the purple light that was pouncing toward Luo Zheng was like a lion. However, Luo Zheng was still fearless.
Fear was only a reason for the weak to defend themselves. It was a useless emotion.
At this moment, Luo Zheng lifted the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms one after another and formed a straight line, blocking the path of the purple light!
"Puff puff puff puff puff!"
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms, which had always been successful, were instantly penetrated by the purple light.
"This move is too strong. The power has reached a level that I can't understand …"
When the Heavenly Demon Phantoms had no effect, Luo Zheng aimed at the purple light and shot the broken flying dagger in his hand.
"Swoosh!"
The broken flying dagger was as sharp as ever. Even the powerful purple light could not destroy the broken flying dagger. The broken flying dagger used its sharp blade to cut the purple light in half.
But it was still useless!
The purple light was only an energy attack formed by the vital essence. After being cut, it split into two and continued to shoot toward Luo Zheng.
Unable to block it, Luo Zheng could only choose to retreat.
Outside the arena, many people clenched their fists tightly.
"It's over. Luo Zheng probably can't withstand it!"
"Jiang Shili is too terrifying. Jiang Shili must have burned his life to release this attack, right?"
"If this is Jiang Shili's attack, then I'm afraid Jiang Shili will win first place in this All-Peak Tournament! Who would be able to withstand his attack? Hua Tianming? Pei Tianyao? Mo Yuxin? Xie Yun? None of them can do it! No one can block it! "
However, just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated and might even lose his life under this attack, a loud roar suddenly came from not far away from the battle arena.
"Impudent!"
Impudent, impudent, impudent, impudent …
The loud voice echoed between the valleys …
This loud roar was like the roar of an ancient beast, and it spread out for hundreds of miles!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 265
Everyone in the Blue Cloud Sect heard it clearly! Regardless of whether it was the disciples who were punished in Purgatory Mountain or the inner and outer disciples on the thirty-third peak, hundreds of thousands of disciples felt a buzzing sound in their ears at the same time!
"Who is it? Who is making such a terrifying roar? "
"It seems to have come from the foot of the mountain. Such a loud sound could be made from such a distance. Is this still a human?"
Many of the outer court disciples' faces turned pale as well. In their imagination, a person who could make such a loud roar should at least be a legendary figure!
If the disciples on the thirty-third peak had such a reaction, one could imagine the reaction of the disciples around the Peak Competition!
The sound waves released by that loud roar overlapped, causing many disciples and even instructors to fall to the ground.
Only a few people, such as Hua Tianming, Xie Yun, and those personal disciples, managed to hold on. However, they were all pale. Clearly, in order to resist this terrifying sound wave, they also consumed a lot of True Essence.
The key was that this sound wave was actually an extremely condensed energy. Ninety-nine percent of the sound wave condensed into a bright yellow ripple that directly rushed into the arena and twisted the purple light into pieces.
At the same time, Jiang Shili, who was hiding in the shadows, also staggered out. He was hiding near the bright yellow ripple, so he suffered the greatest damage. At this moment, his face was as white as paper. After falling from the sky, he spat out a large mouthful of blood on the ground.
The control of this sound wave was also extremely precise, so precise that it was terrifying! After crushing the purple light in front of Luo Zheng, it suddenly disappeared!
Although Luo Zheng was also affected by the energy released by the sound wave, the impact was not great …
"Who was the one who shouted that impudent voice just now? It actually has such terrifying power … "Even Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of horror. Fortunately, this sound wave was not directed at him. If it really rushed at him, he would have been crushed to pieces by the sound wave!
After a while, a middle-aged man slowly floated in the air. It was the Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
Elder Xu also followed behind Shi Jingtian.
"The one who just made a move should be the Sect Master!"
"So powerful. It seems that the Sect Master's roar saved Luo Zheng! Why did the Sect Master make a move? "
"Is this the Sect Master's strength? It's unfathomable. If he didn't condense the sound wave just now and spread it out, I'm afraid that this roar would be able to kill everyone present … "
At this time, the elders who presided over the competition, as well as the referee, bowed to Shi Jingtian. "Sect Master!"
Luo Zheng looked up at Shi Jingtian, he couldn't calm his heart for a long time …
'Martial Dao is so strong, it's really amazing. When will I be able to cultivate to Sovereign's level?'
Shi Jingtian glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "Tianqiong, Zi Qing, you two old men, come out now!"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, the disciples were confused.
............. He should be referring to Zhenren Tianqiong and Perfected Zi Qing, one of the top ten Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect, right?
The reason why the Sect Leader roared earlier was because of these two people? However, most of the disciples couldn't understand why the battle in the arena involved the two Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't figure it out, but some of the hall masters and elders present had already seen the clues.
The purple light released by Jiang Shili just now did not come from Jiang Shili.
Jiang Shili was a rare genius that only appeared once in hundreds of years. Because of his family, Jiang Shili had also received a great opportunity.
However, how could Jiang Shili, who had just entered the Divine Reflection State, release the power of the Divine Reflection State?
In fact, a few elders had already understood the moment the purple light appeared. It was Perfected Zi Qing who had made a move.
These elders chose to protect themselves. Although it was a serious violation of the rules to fight in the arena, Jiang Shili was a personal disciple after all. He was Perfected Zi Qing's disciple. Who was Luo Zheng? He was just a genius warrior who came from a humble background. Who would be willing to stand up for a humble person?
However, they were wrong. These Perfected Persons and elders had been in high positions for a long time and had forgotten the original intention of the Blue Cloud Sect.
As a martial arts holy land in the East Region, the Blue Cloud Sect was not for these Perfected Persons and elders to retire and make profits! The purpose of the Blue Cloud Sect was to find genius disciples in the East Region for the Cloud Hall!
This was also why Shi Jingtian rarely managed the affairs of the Blue Cloud Sect, but he had to participate in the triennial Peak Competition. He needed to review the geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect in the Peak Competition and send the brightest pearl to the Cloud Hall.
In Shi Jingtian's opinion, Luo Zheng could be said to be the most eye-catching pearl in his many years as the Sect Master!
He even had a hunch that even if he was sent to the Cloud Hall, where disciples from all the major regions gathered, they would not be able to ignore Luo Zheng's talent.
Therefore, Shi Jingtian paid attention to Luo Zheng's every fight with great interest. His interest in Luo Zheng had far exceeded that of his personal disciples who were equally talented.
One of the reasons for this was that Luo Zheng was born from the grassroots.
Shi Jingtian himself was also born from the grassroots. From his current height, he was very clear that his personal disciples had all sorts of resources for their cultivation since they started cultivating. On the other hand, Luo Zheng was born from the grassroots and did not have so many resources for his cultivation. The fact that he was able to achieve what he had now only proved that his talent was even more amazing!
However, the pearl that Shi Jingtian had his eyes on was killed by a Perfected Person of the Blue Cloud Sect in front of everyone's eyes!
This was no longer a matter of offending Sect Master Shi Jingtian's dignity. This had already crossed his bottom line.
Zhenren Tianqiong and Perfected Zi Qing's faces were already ashen. They could no longer maintain their sage-like demeanor and staggered over.
Just now, Perfected Zi Qing's all-out attack had almost succeeded. Zhenren Tianqiong's face even revealed a hint of pride. In Zhenren Tianqiong's eyes, Luo Zheng was just a grasshopper. No matter how good this grasshopper was, it would still die in his hands.
No matter how much strength Luo Zheng had hidden, he was destined to not be able to escape Perfected Zi Qing's all-out attack.
However, just as the attack was about to succeed, a furious roar shattered Perfected Zi Qing's purple radiance!
When the two heard the Sect Master's roar, their hearts trembled violently.
They realized that they were wrong. Very wrong.
Yes, no one would stand on Luo Zheng's side. Regardless of whether it was an Elder, a Perfected Person, or a Hall Master, none of them would offend Zi Qing and Tianqiong to protect Luo Zheng. They were not related to Luo Zheng in any way, so there was no need for them to do something so strenuous and unrewarding.
However, they had forgotten about Shi Jingtian.
Perhaps it was because Shi Jingtian had not shown his face for too long and had not intervened in the affairs of the Blue Cloud Sect.
This made Perfected Zi Qing and Zhenren Tianqiong mistakenly think that they could control everything in the Blue Cloud Sect.
It was this illusion that made the two Perfected Person dare to kill someone in the All-Peak Tournament!
"Sect, Sect Master …"
The two of them bowed to Shi Jingtian timidly.
"I don't know who gave you the courage, or if you are as stupid as dogs, or if you have completely forgotten about me, the Sect Master, to dare to kill someone in the All-Peak Tournament so brazenly!" Shi Jingtian said sternly.
"Oh my god …"
When all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect heard Shi Jingtian's words, they finally understood what had just happened.
It turned out that the purple radiance was not Jiang Shili's attack, but the two Perfected Person.
The Ten Perfected Person were all at the Divine Realm. Naturally, that purple radiance was not something Luo Zheng could block!
However, how did Luo Zheng offend these two Perfected Person?
Perhaps this question was no longer important. The key was that Shi Jingtian was now furious …
These two Perfected Person were too shameless. They actually dared to attack a junior in the arena. Many disciples were filled with anger at this moment. However, the atmosphere around the arena was close to a frozen state. No disciple dared to discuss this matter in private.
However, the disciples of the thirty-three peaks were different.
Now that the mentors of the thirty-three peaks had led their teams to participate in the All-Peak Tournament, the hundreds of thousands of disciples had also learned the whole story through the letter tablets. At this moment, both the inner and outer sect disciples' eyes were filled with anger.
"This Blue Cloud Sect is too evil. That bullsh * t Perfected Person actually dared to kill someone in the All-Peak Tournament!"
"Everyone says that the Blue Cloud Sect's rules are strict. However, I'm afraid that these rules only apply to disciples like us. They do not restrict the Perfected Person at all!"
"They must be severely punished! So what if they are Perfected Person? They must be killed, killed, killed, killed! "
The disciples of the thirty-three peaks were in an uproar. However, the venue of the All-Peak Tournament was far away from the thirty-three peaks. Naturally, those disciples did not have the terrifying strength of Shi Jingtian. Naturally, their voices could not travel that far.
"Sect Master, it's not what you think. I was the one who attacked just now. However, I was confused. It was him. It was Zhenren Tianqiong who instigated me, so I …" Perfected Zi Qing's character was not as ruthless as Zhenren Tianqiong. Previously, he was indeed very hesitant about whether to attack.
"Zi Qing, don't slander me! Jiang Shili is your disciple. You were the one who attacked just now. Now, you're blaming me? " Zhenren Tianqiong could only try his best to distance himself. However, as Zhenren Tianqiong spoke, he noticed the murderous intent in Shi Jingtian's eyes.
He suddenly realized that Shi Jingtian was about to kill him!
Assassinating the disciples who participated in the competition at the All-Peak Great Competition, this matter was watched by the disciples of the entire Blue Cloud Sect. If no one paid the price, I'm afraid the reputation of the Blue Cloud Sect would also be greatly damaged.
What was the price? The answer was clear.
With this thought in mind, Zhenren Tianqiong suddenly shot into the sky. He turned into a straight line and flew frantically in one direction!
Compared to Perfected Zi Qing's hesitant character, Zhenren Tianqiong was ruthless and decisive. He immediately understood the situation. There was only one outcome if he stayed, and that was death! It was better to escape with all his might. Perhaps, he could escape with his life!

Chapter 266
Shi Jingtian's attack caused the vital energy of the world to become chaotic!
A pale yellow fist energy appeared in his hand. The moment this fist energy appeared, it strangely elongated before everyone's eyes and shot straight into the sky!
Zhenren Tianqiong's speed of escape was also extremely fast. With his Divine Reflection Realm cultivation, he could almost achieve the legendary speed of 'a thousand miles in a day'.
This speed was extremely shocking. Zhenren Tianqiong became a small black dot in the sky in the blink of an eye.
However, Shi Jingtian's fist radiance seemed to have passed through space and instantly hit the small black dot in the sky!
Those with excellent eyesight could see that the moment Zhenren Tianqiong was hit by the fist radiance, his entire body exploded and turned into a rain of blood that fell to the ground.
To be able to instantly kill a Perfected Person from such a long distance away, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air. Sect Master's strength was so terrifying that it was hard to imagine.
Spiritual Master Zi Qing stood in place. When he saw Zhenren Tianqiong's miserable state, his face was already ashen.
He also wanted to escape just now. He thought that with their speed, one of them would be able to escape. But now that he thought about it, how childish and laughable was this thought?
Shi Jingtian stared at Spiritual Master Zi Qing and said, "Zi Qing, since you have contributed to the Blue Cloud Sect back then and received Tianqiong's instigation today, you will go to Purgatory Mountain to spend the rest of your life!"
Even though Daoist Ziqing was at the peak of the Radiant Deity Realm, his age was already great, at most thirty to forty years left to live. The rest of his life could only end in Purgatory Mountain.
However, living was better than dying. Moreover, this matter might still have room to turn around. Spiritual Master Zi Qing naturally did not dare to refute. He only nodded and thanked Shi Jingtian for not killing him.
Shi Jingtian then swept his gaze over Jiang Shili. Jiang Shili was affected by Shi Jingtian's roar just now and was lying on the ground motionlessly like a dead dog. Shi Jingtian shook his head. Jiang Shili was not qualified for Shi Jingtian to deal with him personally. The Blue Cloud Sect naturally had the Discipline Hall to deal with him.
Then, Shi Jingtian's gaze landed on Luo Zheng.
When Shi Jingtian's gaze landed on Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng immediately felt as though he had been seen through. After a while, Shi Jingtian said, "You're not bad." Then, he threw a black item at Luo Zheng. "I tried to control my roar, but it seemed to have affected you. Take this pill. I want to see how strong you are on the stage!"
Luo Zheng caught the black thing and took a closer look. It was a pill. However, Luo Zheng could not tell what was so special about it.
After Shi Jingtian threw out the pill, he flew to the stage without looking back. Instead, Elder Xu walked to Luo Zheng's side and said kindly, "Eat this pill. This is a Blood Coagulation Pill. Not only can it remove all internal injuries, but it can also strengthen your blood!"
Luo Zheng was actually not injured.
Even though the power of Shi Jingtian's roar was indeed shocking, and just the aftermath of the roar had shaken Luo Zheng quite a bit, it was still not an easy task to injure Luo Zheng's Spiritual Weapon Body.
However, from Elder Xu's tone, this pill seemed to be very precious. He naturally had no reason to return it after being rewarded by the Sect Master.
However, Luo Zheng did not know that Elder Xu and a few others who knew the origin of this Blood Coagulation Pill were extremely envious of Luo Zheng …
This Blood Coagulation Pill could not only remove internal injuries, but this was just a side effect of the Blood Coagulation Pill. The key was that the pill could strengthen one's blood.
Blood Qi was very important to a person. A person with vigorous blood Qi would be able to heal quickly even if he was injured. If he lacked blood Qi, then a small wound might not heal for a long time. Moreover, blood not only affected the speed of healing, but also had an indispensable effect on one's endurance and physical recovery.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng wins! Personal disciple Jiang Shili loses! "
After the referee announced the result of the battle, two attendants walked up to the arena and carried Jiang Shili away.
After this battle, many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had a clear understanding of Luo Zheng's strength.
Before the battle with Jiang Shili, everyone thought that Luo Zheng was likely to break into the top ten. However, Luo Zheng was now able to defeat Jiang Shili, who was definitely in the top five! Moreover, he was able to completely restrain Jiang Shili in terms of assassination.
Now, Luo Zheng's strength had become unfathomable in the eyes of many disciples.
More importantly, Shi Jingtian's evaluation!
"You're not bad!"
Shi Jingtian was the Sect Leader of the Blue Cloud Sect. He could be said to be a god-like existence in the Eastern Region.
In the past, there was the Emperor of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty, Su Qian, who was stronger than Shi Jingtian. However, after Su Qian disappeared, Shi Jingtian became the strongest person in the Eastern Region!
To be evaluated as "not bad" by the strongest person in the Eastern Region was undoubtedly a supreme honor.
Under such circumstances, who would dare to look down on Luo Zheng?
Of course, it was not because of Shi Jingtian's evaluation that everyone thought that Luo Zheng would be able to win first place in the All-Sect Tournament.
It was just that everyone finally realized that Luo Zheng was definitely not weak. He could already stand among the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
He returned to Xiao Yufeng's team.
The ones who were most worried about Luo Zheng's safety were naturally Teacher Wen and the others on Xiao Yufeng. However, other than being worried and anxious, they had no other means to help Luo Zheng. After all, this involved a Perfected Person and the Sect Leader. They were not even qualified to intervene.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had not only turned danger into safety, but was also rewarded with an elixir by the Sect Leader, they were relieved. At the same time, they were very envious! Although they did not know what the Blood Coagulation Elixir was, how bad could an elixir given by the Sect Leader be?
After Luo Zheng sat down, he put the Blood Coagulation Elixir into his mouth.
The taste of the Blood Coagulation Elixir was very unique. It melted in his mouth and at the same time, released a large amount of bloody taste. It was as if Luo Zheng did not eat an elixir, but a mass of blood.
After a while, the effect of the Blood Coagulation Elixir began to spread throughout Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, the blood in Luo Zheng's veins flowed more than twice as fast. His whole face was bright red.
The Blood Coagulation Elixir could increase Qi and blood. The faster the Qi and blood flowed, the greater the positive effect it brought to the body.
As the effect of the elixir gradually increased, Luo Zheng felt that every blood vessel in his body seemed to be burning. His Qi and blood kept rolling, as if masses of flames were intertwined together.
However, this feeling was not uncomfortable. On the contrary, it made Luo Zheng feel very comfortable. He felt that his whole body had endless strength.
…
Just as Luo Zheng was meditating and refining the Blood Coagulation Elixir, the battle in the arena began again.
For many disciples, the assassination of Luo Zheng by the Perfected Person was just an interlude in the Peak Competition. For many disciples, the Peak Competition was the most important thing right now.
As the Transmigration Competition came to the end, the battle in the arena became more and more intense.
At this moment, the disciples of the 33 peaks were also working hard for the final ranking.
If they met a personal disciple or a top disciple of the 33 peaks who was no match for them, most of them would simply admit defeat, so as to preserve their strength for the next round of battle. If they met a well-matched opponent, they would try their best to defeat him.
In such fierce battles, the potential of the disciples was revealed one after another.
After seven or eight rounds of the Transmigration Competition, it was Luo Zheng's turn again according to the result of drawing lots.
However, when the referee who supported the battle saw Luo Zheng sitting on the ground and seemed to be refining the Blood Coagulation Elixir, the referee hesitated. After all, the Blood Coagulation Elixir was a reward from the Sect Master. Such a precious elixir must be completely absorbed. Wasting even a little bit of it would be a great sin. Therefore, the referee asked, "Luo Zheng is still refining the elixir. How about we cancel this round?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and said, "No need. You don't have to break the rules for me."
"But …" The referee felt that he was in a difficult position. He was worried that the Sect Master would be unhappy if he sent Luo Zheng to fight. Although Shi Jingtian and the referee didn't have any interactions, the Sect Master's casual hint was enough to make the referee have a hard time.
"I have completely refined the Blood Coagulation Elixir, and my body is fine. Why can't I fight in the arena?" Luo Zheng said with a straight face.
Since Luo Zheng said so, the referee was relieved. His expressionless face showed a trace of a smile, "Then please!"
However, as soon as Luo Zheng stepped on the arena, the person standing on the other side of the arena said, "I admit defeat."
The person who admitted defeat was the personal disciple, Zhangsun Bo. As the top disciple of Carefree Peak, his strength was not bad. However, he had lost to Xie Yun previously. Other than that, he had maintained a winning streak.
Everyone was speechless. It had always been the personal disciples who crushed the peak disciples. They had never seen a personal disciple admit defeat without a fight! This year's Peak Grand Competition had indeed subverted many people's understanding of personal disciples. Perhaps this year's peak disciples had maintained their strength too well!
Not only was there Luo Zheng, but there was also Hua Tianming. Luo Zheng aside, Hua Tianming had defeated two personal disciples in a row without drawing his sword. This was unimaginable in the past.
In addition, Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and the others had also defeated several personal disciples!
Zhangsun Bo's straightforward admission of defeat was indeed surprising. In many people's opinion, Zhangsun Bo had the ability to compete for the top ten.
It couldn't be helped. The strength that Luo Zheng had displayed before was too strong. He was also proficient in soul attacks! Even Jiang Shili, who had cultivated his soul, could not withstand Luo Zheng's soul attack, let alone himself. How difficult was it to cultivate one's soul? Most warriors did not have the opportunity to do so.
In the next few rounds of the competition, Luo Zheng went on stage one after another. The opponents he encountered basically all admitted defeat, so Luo Zheng went up and down the arena …
Mo Yuxin, who was at the side, was depressed.
After so many rounds of drawing lots, it was still not her turn to encounter Luo Zheng.
In fact, Mo Yuxin had planned to use her connections to secretly tamper with the drawing of lots so that she would be in the same round as Luo Zheng.
However, because of Jiang Shili's incident, even a fool could guess that Jiang Shili's match with Luo Zheng was deliberately arranged by the two Perfected Persons. At this time, even if her status was special, who would dare to tamper with it for her?

Chapter 267
While Mo Yuxin was feeling depressed, the referee suddenly announced: "Tian Yi Peak's Xie Yun versus pro-disciple Pei Tian Yao!"
Mo Yuxin stuck out her tongue and smiled: "Senior Pei, it's your turn!"
Pei Tian Yao revealed a faint smile and walked up to the stage.
Among the pro-disciples, Pei Tian Yao was an anomaly. He did not have a sharp edge, but his temper was very amiable. He basically did not have any disputes with others.
So it was very difficult to evaluate his strength.
But no one denied his strength because he was ranked second on the Green Cloud Leaderboard.
Li Yifeng was still in seclusion, so when the Reincarnation Competition drew lots, Li Yifeng's name was not put into the drawing box.
If Li Yifeng did not appear before the end of the Reincarnation Competition, then Pei Tian Yao would be the strongest participant in this year's competition.
However, the top ten disciples of the Green Cloud Leaderboard were all very strong.
The strength of these geniuses improved by leaps and bounds. No one had the confidence to win against the other.
Pei Tian Yao's appearance made many of the pro-disciples breathe a sigh of relief!
This year's performance of the pro-disciples was too bad. One must know that the pro-disciples in the previous years were high and mighty! In exaggerated years, the first place to the twentieth place was taken by the pro-disciples …
But this year, the legend was broken. Many of the pro-disciples were defeated by the pro-disciples of the thirty-third peak.
This kind of frustration made the originally superior direct disciples feel a huge gap. The degree of bitterness in their hearts could be imagined, so they urgently needed a leader to boost their morale. And this person was none other than Pei Tianyao.
"Senior Pei, defeat that Xie Yun!"
"Senior Pei, win glory for us pro-disciples!"
If it was in the previous years, the pro-disciples would not need to say such words. But the situation was different, so their mentality also changed. The pro-disciples suddenly discovered that the thirty-third peak inexplicably had a lot of powerful people!
Xie Yun walked up with his sword. He maintained his winning streak. When he saw Pei Tian Yao, he said: "I have been looking forward to this battle for a long time."
"Is that so?" Pei Tian Yao still had a faint smile on his face. He looked somewhat docile and kind.
"Since Li Yifeng didn't come, then it's best to start with you. Let the disciples of the 33 peaks understand that the so-called direct disciples are nothing!" Xie Yun laughed.
Three years ago, Xie Yun had been repeatedly defeated by personal disciples. During these three years, Xie Yun had been bitterly cultivating in seclusion, all for the sake of getting back his face in the Peak Grand Competition this time!
Pei Tianyao shrugged his shoulders and agreed with Xie Yun: "I also think that being a pro-disciple is nothing special."
Xie Yun shook his head. The treasured saber in his hand drew a semicircle in the air. "The arrogance of you direct disciples is engraved in your bones. Although you say so, you may not be convinced in your heart! But it doesn't matter. After this battle, I will make you admit defeat! "
After Xie Yun finished speaking, Pei Tianyao nodded his head and stretched out three fingers: You are right, maybe I have some arrogance in my bones. This arrogance tells me that I only need three moves to deal with you.
"Three moves! I know that Pei Tianyao is very strong, very strong, but to take down Xie Yun in three moves, you are just bragging! "
"Impossible, Xie Yun is still in a winning streak. His strength is not much different from Pei Tianyao. It is still unknown who will win. Three moves, I don't believe it."
"Humph, so what if he is ranked second on the Master List? Three moves to take down Xie Yun … This direct disciple is really arrogant. If he can't take down Xie Yun in three moves, I want to see where Tan Tianyao's face will go! "
The disciples of the 33 peaks had serious internal strife. Often, several peaks did not see eye to eye with each other. But whenever they faced a direct disciple, they immediately became united.
When Xie Yun heard Pei Tianyao's words, he suddenly laughed. After laughing, he coldly said: "Good, in that case, I want to see how your three moves will shock the world and make the gods weep!"
After that, Xie Yun took the lead to attack with his treasured saber.
The treasured saber in Xie Yun's hand was also a high-grade spirit weapon. But on the blade of this high-grade spirit weapon, there were two crystals engraved!
Generally, a high-grade spirit weapon engraved with one crystal was comparable to a low-grade immortal weapon. But engraved with two crystals was even more difficult. The power of this treasured saber was infinitely close to a middle-grade immortal weapon!
"Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, Three Layered Waves!"
From Xie Yun's body, an extremely fierce and overbearing aura was emitted. Then, Xie Yun suddenly waved his treasured saber.
Three sharp saber Qi were like the waves of the sea, slashing towards Pei Tianyao. This Three Layered Waves attack was divided into three parts. Just the power of the first wave was already terrifying to the extreme. The second wave was double the power of the first wave, and the third wave was double the power of the second wave. Each wave was stronger than the previous one!
In fact, in the Heaven class skill, Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, one could cultivate the Four Layered Waves, or even the Five Layered Waves. Every additional wave was not as simple as simply doubling the power! Because the Three Layered Waves was a six-layered attack, the Four Layered Waves was actually a ten-layered attack! However, with Xie Yun's current strength, he could only use the Three Layered Waves, but it was enough for Xie Yun to sweep the whole sect!
Facing the Three Layered Waves, Pei Tianyao's face still had a faint smile, without any superfluous expression.
At the moment when the surging saber Qi was about to drown Pei Tianyao, a shadow suddenly appeared on his body. It was the shadow of a big bell!
"Dang!"
"Dang, dang!"
"Dang, dang, dang!"
Suddenly, everyone heard six clear and melodious bell sounds. That was the sound of the Three Layered Waves hitting Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield.
Everyone had their own Protective Zhen Yuan, but only Pei Tianyao was able to condense his Protective Zhen Yuan into a Golden Bell Canopy to withstand Xie Yun's attack.
"I used the Golden Bell Shield. This is also one move. I still have two moves." Pei Tianyao lightly said.
Xie Yun's face sank. This Pei Tianyao was clearly looking down on him. The three moves he agreed on were usually three offensive moves, but Pei Tianyao actually included his defensive moves. The subtext was that he only needed two moves! This was something Xie Yun, who had always been proud of in Tianyi peak, could not accept.
"Since you are boasting shamelessly, I will force you to defend. Let's see if you still have the face to mention it after defending three times!"
"Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, Hundred Slash!"
The saber in Xie Yun's hand suddenly turned into hundreds of gray saber shadows. These saber shadows almost completely covered Pei Tianyao.
"Dang, dang, dang, dang, dang … …"
Another series of bell sounds rang, but Xie Yun still could not break Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield. At this time, Xie Yun deliberately said: "You have defended twice. Do you only have one move left?"
Pei Tianyao seriously nodded his head and said: "Indeed, I only have one move left."
Xie Yun raised his eyebrows and once again brandished his saber and said: "Then let's see how you can defeat me with one move!"
If what Pei Tianyao said was true, then Pei Tianyao simply could not defend against Xie Yun's third attack. Since defending was one move, then he could not attack. If he chose to attack, then he could not defend.
Xie Yun's saber was very destructive. It was only because Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield that he could not break it. If it was someone else who dared to resist his saber, that person would have already been turned into a pile of fragments.
"This time, let's see how you will deal with it! Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, the strongest saber skill, Asura Slash! "
This attack contained Xie Yun's extreme understanding of saber skill. He even hid a small success level saber intent in this Asura Slash!
Compared to sword intent, saber intent was less sharp, but more domineering!
When this attack came out, Xie Yun looked like a conqueror who had been fighting for many years. He revealed a domineering aura!
When Xie Yu slashed her blade, Pei Tianyao finally made his move. His last move in the three-move agreement was actually the only move he could make!
"Buddha's Reincarnation!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 268
The Buddhist cultivation method was very powerful, but it was also very low-key and very mysterious.
Even in the Heavenly Book Pavilion of the Blue Cloud Sect, there was basically no record of Buddhist cultivation method.
No one knew where Pei Tianyao learned these Buddhist cultivation methods.
Pei Tianyao said three moves, but in fact, he only used his Golden Bell Shield to resist two of Xie Yun's moves. In fact, he only intended to use one move to attack.
Buddha's Reincarnation
In Buddhism, people did not vanish into thin air after death. Instead, they would be reincarnated in the six realms. These six realms were the Heavenly Dao, Human Dao, Asura Dao, and the Three Evil Dao's Hell Dao, Hungry Ghost Dao, and Animal Dao.
At this moment, six small golden balls suddenly appeared beside Pei Tianyao. The outer shell of these small balls was golden, but the surface of the small balls was engraved with different patterns. These six small balls represented the six worlds.
This was also because Pei Tianyao's cultivation was still shallow, so these small balls were still in this state. If his cultivation continued to be profound, and he cultivated the Buddha's Reincarnation to perfection, the small balls would produce six different small worlds, just like the space inside the Sumeru Ring.
However, there were no living things inside the Sumeru Ring, but these six small balls were the real six worlds.
Of course, if these six small balls could really produce six small worlds, Pei Tianyao's strength would be unimaginably strong. Even a character like the Sovereign of the Blue Cloud Sect, like Shi Potian, would be killed by him.
As soon as these small balls appeared, they began to rotate quickly, and with the rotation of these small balls, a vortex was formed in front of Pei Tianyao.
Pei Tianyao's set of cultivation technique looked ordinary and mediocre. There was nothing special about it. Even when he used Buddha's Reincarnation, it only created a whirlpool. Moreover, the whirlpool looked very gentle and inconspicuous.
But Buddhist cultivation method was like this, it looked gentle and plain, but no one could deny its strength.
"Pretentious! Break for me! "
Xie Yun's sword slashed out.
This Asura Slash was Xie Yun's strongest killing move. He had never used it in any of his previous battles because none of those people had the qualifications to make him use this move.
Xie Yun was not a fool. Although he was arrogant, he could not ignore Pei Tianyao's strength. The title of Blue Cloud Sect's second place was not for nothing. As for the Blue Cloud Sect's first place, Li Yifeng, he was a monster.
Therefore, Xie Yun was going all out at this moment! Even a lion would use its full strength to catch a rabbit. Not to mention, Pei Tianyao was probably a stronger beast than a lion!
At this moment, Xie Yun's Minor Success Saber Intent had already condensed into a grey Saber Light. This Saber Light was condensed from the Saber Intent, and was far more powerful than the Saber Light condensed from the True Essence. When Xie Yun had first cultivated this move, he had chopped down on a 200 feet tall hill with his saber.
With a single Asura Slash, the twenty foot tall hill was split in half!
The Saber was the hegemon of weapons. When cultivated to the extreme, it could split the mountain and the earth, bursting out an unparalleled domineering aura.
The moment this fierce Saber Qi was produced, the surrounding air violently vibrated as if it could not withstand this overbearing Saber Qi. It issued a burst of sharp whistling sound.
"Xiu ~ ~ ~"
The Saber Qi rushed into Pei Tianyao's six whirlpools in a flash.
When the Saber Qi came into contact with the six whirlpools, the outermost whirlpools were quickly crushed. It was as if the Saber Qi was crushing Pei Tianyao's six whirlpools layer by layer.
Seeing this scene, Xie Yun sneered and said, "Let's see how you block it!"
Xie Yun felt that he had won.
Since Pei Tianyao had boasted, with his status, he would naturally abide by it. If Pei Tianyao admitted defeat because of the three moves agreement, Xie Yun would have taken advantage of him. Because if he continued to fight with Pei Tianyao, Xie Yun was not sure if he could win.
But soon, Xie Yun's smile froze on his face.
As his Asura Slash went deeper and deeper, the speed of his advance gradually slowed down. At the beginning, it was like a hot knife cutting through butter, but now, it was difficult to move forward and directly stopped in the middle of the whirlpool.
"My Saber Qi was actually imprisoned! What kind of trick is this? " Xie Yun's face was full of horror. Whether it was Zhen Yuan or Saber Qi, they were all under the control of Xie Yun's body. But at this moment, he found that his Saber Qi was easily taken away by Pei Tianyao.
Pei Tianyao's face was expressionless. He just stretched out his hand and pointed at the whirlpool in front of him. The whirlpool in front of him suddenly rotated in the opposite direction.
And the extremely condensed Asura Slash that was imprisoned in the middle of the whirlpool was also constantly rotating with the whirlpool.
"Boom!"
Xie Yun heard a violent vibration in the air and the Asura Slash flew back to him.
"This is my Asura Slash! How can it be aimed at me? No … it's even more powerful than my Asura Slash, this Pei Tianyao … "
No one knew the power of Asura Slash better than Xie Yun, but at this moment, Xie Yun found that the Asura Slash in the middle of the whirlpool was even more powerful and terrifying than the one he had used before.
"Retreat!"
Knowing that he was no match for Pei Tianyao, Xie Yun chose to retreat, but his retreat speed was obviously not as fast as the Asura Slash. Almost in the blink of an eye, the Asura Slash had already arrived in front of him.
Unable to dodge, Xie Yun raised his Saber in front of him to block!
"Bang!"
Although Xie Yun's Saber blocked most of the Saber Qi, but this Asura Slash contained a strong power that directly sent him flying. And the scattered Saber Qi contained Saber Qi, and Saber Qi also tore Xie Yun's robe into pieces.
In the end, Xie Yun hit the barrier's light curtain all the way and slowly slid down. At this moment, Xie Yun's robe was torn by his own Saber Qi, and his body was covered with wounds, some of which were so deep that even his bones could be seen!
Xie Yun's eyes were absent-minded, leaning against the barrier's light curtain, his heart was incomparably depressed.
It's not that he didn't think that he would lose, but he didn't think that he would lose so miserably, defeated by his own strongest attack. And after passing through Pei Tianyao's strange whirlpool, the reflected Asura Slash's power more than doubled …
"Three moves, more than enough to defeat you." Pei Tianyao looked at Xie Yun faintly, then turned his head and left.
When the disciples of the 33 peaks saw this scene, they were all silent.
This year, the performance of the 33 peaks' disciples was particularly good, Luo Zheng, Xie Yun, Hua Tianming, Wu Xie …
These dark horses that suddenly appeared, or the top disciples of the peaks who had been famous for a long time, had surpassed the results of those pretentious pro-disciples. This made the inner and outer sect disciples of the 33 peaks proud and elated. So what if they didn't have the skills of a master? So what if they were born from the grassroots? They could still defeat their pro-disciples.
However, Pei Tianyao's appearance gave the inner and outer sect disciples of the 33 peaks a fierce lesson.
Even a genius like Xie Yun, the most outstanding disciple of the First Sky Peak, only needed three moves! No, only one move, from the beginning to the end, Pei Tianyao only made one attack, and this one attack made Xie Yun lose his fighting strength.
Pro-Disciples were too terrifying …
"Senior Brother Pei, too cool!"
"Senior Brother Pei, you didn't use three moves, you let Xie Yun make two moves, and in the end, you only used one move, and in that one move, half of it came from Xie Yun's own attack!"
"Yes, our Senior Brother Pei only needed half a move to defeat these grasshoppers of the 33 peaks. Hahaha, let's see how these grasshoppers will jump around!"
"Senior Brother Pei is not the strongest amongst our personal disciples. The strongest amongst our personal disciples is Li Yifeng, who is still in seclusion. If he were to appear, he would be able to defeat all the disciples of the 33 peaks. You want to surpass us? Dream on! Save that for your next life!"
In all fairness, the performance of the pro-disciples in this year's All-Peak Competition was not good, and many of them were defeated by the peak disciples. For example, there were three pro-disciples who lost to Xie Yun, two pro-disciples who lost to Wu Xie, and one who lost to Luo Zheng …
Therefore, the pro-disciples were also holding their breaths. After all, whether it was resources or talent, they were far stronger than the peak disciples. They were the elites of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples, and the entire Blue Cloud Sect only had a few dozen pro-disciples, while the peak disciples had hundreds of thousands.
Under such circumstances, they were still defeated by the peak disciples, and this was a big loss of face.
Fortunately, Pei Tianyao helped them regain their face and proved the strength of the pro-disciples. Finally, the pro-disciples could hold their heads high.
"What are you shouting for? Don't you only have one Pei Tianyao? We still have Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng, and many other geniuses. The winner of this year's All-Peak Competition is still unknown! "
Hearing the various sarcastic remarks of the pro-disciples, some peak disciples finally could not help but counterattack.
"Hahaha, Luo Zheng? The one at Xiantian Second Stage? Hua Tianming? The one at Xiantian Full Circle? Do you only have these disciples that you can bring out? You think they can be a match for our Senior Brother Pei? Dream on! "
The pro-disciples also did not decline and retorted.
The peak disciples and pro-disciples began to ridicule each other, and this ridicule soon escalated to abuse.
Regarding this kind of behavior, the elders of the Blue Cloud Sect and the referees who maintained order did not stop them.
In fact, the entire Blue Cloud Sect was like a container for storing crickets, allowing the disciples to compete with each other and finally nurture the most talented and strongest martial artists.
Of course, after all, people were not crickets, and the struggle within the Blue Cloud Sect was not an unlimited slaughter, but a reasonable set of rules was set up to stimulate the disciples' courage to the greatest extent, so that they could display their greatest talent!
This round of quarrels and abuse became more and more intense, and when it looked like a fight was about to break out, two elders arrived late in the sky and released two strong coercion, deterring all the disciples.
"You have quarreled enough, then continue to fight. Prove your strength, not with your mouth, but with your fists on the battlefield!"
Just two coercion, ended the quarrel, and at this moment, whether it was the pro-disciples or the peak disciples, they all wanted to regain their face in the next fight.

Chapter 269
Hearing this, Mo Yuxin's face finally revealed a smile. On the stage, she looked at Luo Zheng with a grin. "I've waited for so long. Finally! Luo Zheng, let's see where you can run to this time! "
Luo Zheng looked at Mo Yuxin and said with a faint smile, "I'm the opposite of you. I'm not looking forward to this fight."
"Why?" Mo Yuxin asked.
"Because I don't know how to deal with you if I win," Luo Zheng said.
Previously, Mo Yuxin had challenged Luo Zheng. If one of them lost, they would be at the mercy of the other.
"Are you sure you can beat me?" Mo Yuxin's two thin, shapely eyebrows gently raised.
"There shouldn't be a problem." Luo Zheng nodded with certainty.
"Hmph, alright then. Originally, I only wanted to punish you a little if I won, but now I've changed my mind. If I win, I want you to turn into a horse and stay by my side. You have to be my mount at all times!" Mo Yuxin said very seriously. She didn't seem to be joking at all.
After she finished speaking, Mo Yuxin raised her jade-like hands and reached behind her head to remove the two Emei Piercings from her hair.
This pair of foot-long Emei Piercings was her hair ornament when she wasn't fighting.
"Ah, isn't this bet too big? She wants Luo Zheng to be the Little Witch's horse? "
"That's too much. If Luo Zheng really loses, he can only be at her disposal!"
However, with Qin Gang as an example, no one dared to challenge Mo Yuxin. Who knew what would happen if they angered this Little Witch? She didn't care about the rules of the arena at all.
"I agree, but the premise is that you can really defeat me!" Luo Zheng responded.
"Very good. It seems like you still underestimated me." Mo Yuxin's lips curled up slightly. "You're destined to regret it!"
After she finished speaking, the two Emei Piercings in Mo Yuxin's hands suddenly turned into two green-grey sharp points and stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
Before this, Mo Yuxin had already displayed her extraordinary speed. Her speed had indeed made many Blue Cloud Sect disciples gasp in amazement!
Luo Zheng was about to be pierced through, but Luo Zheng's feet moved slightly, and he easily dodged the two attacks. Strangely, Luo Zheng's body only swayed a little, but he was still standing in the same place!
This battle, Mo Yuxin also went all out.
Pei Tianyao had once evaluated Mo Yuxin like this. Her talent was second in the Blue Cloud Sect, and no one would dare to claim to be first.
Unfortunately, although Mo Yuxin's talent was abnormal, she was playful by nature and didn't like to cultivate. She often slacked off and wasted her great talent.
Even so, with her terrifying talent, she only had half the time of others to cultivate, and the increase in her strength was already very shocking.
"Thousand Feather Illusory Sting!"
All of a sudden, Mo Yuxin turned into a series of afterimages.
Whether it was a person or something else, once the speed reached the extreme, it would produce afterimages. In high-speed movement, it would naturally produce afterimages.
Luo Zheng could easily pull out afterimages of his own figure.
However, Mo Yuxin's afterimages were more special. These afterimages were not only shadows, but they could also maintain the same movements as Mo Yuxin.
"This!" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. Dozens of afterimages appeared around Luo Zheng. Each afterimage was a Mo Yuxin, and each Mo Yuxin held an Emei Piercer and stabbed a green-grey sharp point at Luo Zheng.
Mo Yuxin's method was somewhat similar to Jiang Shili's. However, Jiang Shili's shadows could only hide, while Mo Yuxin's afterimages could launch attacks.
However, Mo Yuxin did not have Jiang Shili's extremely brilliant concealment technique. With Luo Zheng's powerful soul perception, he could almost instantly identify Mo Yuxin's position.
Although there were dozens of Mo Yuxin's afterimages, and each afterimage used the Emei Piercer to stab hundreds of green-grey sharp points, Luo Zheng ignored most of the attacks. He only held the broken flying dagger and kept waving it to his side to block.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
Luo Zheng held the broken flying dagger and blocked hundreds of green-grey sharp points in a very short period of time. As for the tens of thousands of sharp points from the other afterimages, they completely passed through Luo Zheng's body and did not cause him any harm. Those sharp points were just illusions!
Seeing that her attacks were blocked by Luo Zheng's small fighting block one by one, Mo Yuxin's eyes flashed with a strange light. This time, she no longer moved around Luo Zheng, but chose to fight Luo Zheng in close combat!
Luo Zheng did not use a sword, so both of them used short weapons!
Mo Yuxin's Emei Piercer was sharp, but Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow either. After the two of them got close, they attacked countless times in an instant.
In the arena, it was as if there was a musical instrument playing halfway, tinkling non-stop.
"Your attacks are useless against me. If you're only at this level, I can defeat you in an instant." Luo Zheng's defense with the broken flying dagger was extremely accurate. In terms of strength, Luo Zheng had a considerable advantage. Mo Yuxin's strength was not on the same level as his. Even if Luo Zheng was only blocking, Mo Yuxin's arm was slightly numb.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Yuxin's attack slowed down. After she stopped, she stared at Luo Zheng, frowned, and pouted her lips. "I guessed this would be the result … I was hesitating whether I should use that move or not, but now it seems that I have no other choice …"
In the arena, when Pei Tianyao heard Mo Yuxin's words, he suddenly stood up. He was always calm like a mountain, but at this moment, he could not stay calm. "Junior Sister Mo, this is just a fight, don't use that move!"
Pei Tianyao was clear that if Mo Yuxin used that move, even he would find it difficult to resist! But once it was used, it would have a great impact on Mo Yuxin's body, so there was no need to use it in this fight!
"But … if I don't use that move, I will lose to him!" Mo Yuxin's face showed a trace of grievance, obviously she was not reconciled.
"If you lose, you lose. Your skill is not as good as others. So what if you lose? If you feel that you are no match for him, you can just admit defeat. I believe that Luo Zheng will not really punish you. Brother Luo Zheng, don't you think so? "Pei Tianyao said seriously.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "That's true! I will not make things difficult for you. "
Mo Yuxin pouted her small mouth, she was still somewhat unwilling. When Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao thought that Mo Yuxin was going to admit defeat, Mo Yuxin suddenly said: "No, you will not make things difficult for me, but I really want to make things difficult for you!"
After that, Mo Yuxin gently turned the two Emei Piercers in her hands, and they intertwined, piercing her temple from both sides.
Mo Yuxin had a good sense of propriety, the Emei Piercers only left a red dot on her temple, and after piercing that acupuncture point, she gently pierced her arm, calf, neck, and other 16 acupuncture points.
This process was quite fast, Pei Tianyao simply did not have time to stop it. Seeing this scene, he could only sigh. Sure enough, it was not easy to dissuade his little sister. This time, Luo Zheng was going to be miserable …
After the 16 acupuncture points were pierced, Mo Yuxin's momentum suddenly changed!
The Vital Qi that escaped from the sixteen meridians was mixed with strands of Blood Qi, which condensed behind Mo Yuxin's back.
"Qing Luan body, activate!" Originally, Mo Yuxin's voice had a trace of playfulness and cuteness, but at this moment, her voice had a kind of supreme majesty, which came from her blood!
"Qing Luan? Is it the Mythical Beast Qing Luan? Why does Mo Yuxin have the Qing Luan body? Is she not a human, but a Mythical Beast? "
"Qing Luan is a noble Mythical Beast, how can it transform into a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect? It should be because she has the blood of Qing Luan in her body! "
"Possessing the blood of the Mythical Beast Qing Luan, this … I previously thought that Mo Yuxin's strength was not that strong, probably only a little stronger than Quan Xiaoyan, but weaker than Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and the others. I never thought that she would actually have the blood of a Mythical Beast. Just this blood, which disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect can compare to!"
Regarding the various legends of Mythical Beasts, as disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, it was impossible for them not to have heard of them.
However, although they had heard of many legends of Mythical Beasts, no one had actually seen one!
Now that they knew that their direct disciple Mo Yuxin had the blood of the Mythical Beast Qing Luan, how could they not be shocked?
In the legends, the strongest Mythical Beasts belonged to the four major races, which were the Qinglong, the Vermillion Bird, the White Tiger, and the Black Tortoise. These could become super Mythical Beasts, and below the super Mythical Beasts were the Kun Peng, Qing Luan, Nine Colored Deer, and so on.
As Mo Yuxin's blood rolled, her Zhen Yuan overflowed, slowly condensing a faint Qing Luan shadow behind Mo Yuxin.
This Qing Luan shadow was very indifferent. It was only a faint shadow, but this faint shadow gave people a strong sense of oppression.
Even the elders who were in charge of maintaining order had a cautious look on their faces. Although Mo Yuxin's strength was not enough to threaten those elders, it still gave birth to a trace of inexplicable fear in their hearts. The majesty of a Mythical Beast was so strong and unreasonable.
"I don't know why, but I hate you. I hate your face, so I must teach you a good lesson!" At this moment, Mo Yuxin's aura had completely changed. From the original good and evil character, she had become a goddess!
Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless. Listening to Pei Tianyao's tone, it seemed that Mo Yuxin could not use her Qing Luan body at will. He did not know how he had provoked this little witch to make her fight with him like this.
Originally, he thought that he would win this battle easily. He did not expect that Mo Yuxin would suddenly change like this.
After her transformation, her aura suppressed Luo Zheng, almost making Luo Zheng unable to breathe.
"It seems like I have to get serious." Thinking until here, Luo Zheng took out his Flowing Light Sword from his spatial ring.

Chapter 270
Mo Yuxin was slender and elegant as she stood in the middle of the arena. Behind her, the Azure Luan's shadow was faintly discernible. Under the enormous pressure, she was like an aloof goddess. That incomparably elegant figure made people unable to look directly at her.
No one would have thought that such an unforeseen event would occur in the arena.
None of the disciples had expected that a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect would possess something as unattainable as the bloodline of a divine beast.
At this moment, no one believed that Luo Zheng could defeat Mo Yuxin who had activated her Azure Luan Body. Everyone felt that at this moment, Luo Zheng's best choice was to directly admit defeat.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng took out a sword.
"Sword? Luo Zheng took out a sword? He's a swordsman? Did I see wrongly? "
"Nonsense, you definitely didn't see wrong. Luo Zheng took out a sword … Moreover, that sword's grade isn't low. It's an immortal weapon!"
"Heavens, that means Luo Zheng didn't use his full strength before? That flying dagger and soul attack weren't his true trump cards? How many trump cards does he have! "
The shock caused by the Azure Luan Body hadn't dissipated yet. At this moment, seeing Luo Zheng take out a sword, many of the disciples were shocked again.
Who would have thought that a martial artist at the Second Layer of Body Refinement could defeat Xiantian Full Circle experts, defeat a bunch of Divine Reflection experts, defeat a direct disciple, and still not use his full strength? Luo Zheng's image suddenly became unfathomable in everyone's minds.
Unfathomable meant that it was difficult to predict. Because after seeing Luo Zheng play one trump card after another, but his trump cards seemed to be endless, people had no standard to judge Luo Zheng's strength.
Just now, the Azure Luan Body gave everyone a huge sense of oppression. They thought that Luo Zheng would definitely lose, but at this moment, Luo Zheng's unfathomable impression made everyone's guesses waver.
This was too abnormal … The man and woman in the arena had reached heights that many of them would never be able to reach in their lifetime!
Hua Tianming, who had been silently watching the battle, stared at the sword-wielding Luo Zheng with eyes as sharp as swords. At this moment, his eyes were full of fighting spirit.
Hua Tianming was very similar to Luo Zheng.
Both of them were dark horses that had appeared out of nowhere. Both of them were able to challenge those at a higher realm than them. However, Luo Zheng was even more thorough. He had directly challenged those at the Divine Reflection Realm with the strength of a Xiantian second stage. On the other hand, Hua Tianming had challenged them with the strength of a Xiantian great circle. In comparison, Hua Tianming seemed somewhat weaker.
However … Hua Tianming was a swordsman, but until now, no one had been able to make him draw his sword. From this point alone, it could be seen that Hua Tianming was no less terrifying than Luo Zheng.
Ever since Hua Tianming had seen Luo Zheng's sword steps, he had developed an interest in Luo Zheng. Moreover, he had wanted to fight him very much. Unfortunately, the heavens weren't on his side. Along the way, the two of them hadn't been able to get together by drawing lots.
However, at this moment, when Hua Tianming saw Luo Zheng draw his sword, he realized that it wasn't by chance that Luo Zheng could use the sword steps! He was simply a swordsman, and he had also comprehended sword intent!
Even if he had comprehended sword intent, using the sword steps wasn't something that could be learned overnight. Hua Tianming had a deep understanding of this point. After comprehending sword intent, he had spent three months practicing the sword steps. However, when Luo Zheng had seen him use the sword steps, he had actually been able to learn it in such a short time …
Geniuses were always proud. Although Hua Tianming was never complacent, he was still very arrogant in his bones. Even so, he had to admit that Luo Zheng's talent was indeed terrifying.
"Well, it seems that we'll have to fight in the All-Sect Competition. I'm looking forward to this battle!" Hua Tianming took a deep breath and said silently in his heart.
On the high platform, Shi Jingtian chuckled twice. "Alas, this girl Mo Yuxin is really mischievous. Activating the Blue Phoenix Body consumes a lot of her energy. She actually activated it in the arena. This girl is really too much. But it's also good. I didn't expect that Mo Yuxin's activation of the Blue Phoenix Body would force Luo Zheng to use his trump card. He even knows how to use a sword! Let's see how far he has comprehended sword intent! "
Elder Xu stared blankly at the arena for a while before he said, "I'm really getting old. Unknowingly, so many talented juniors have emerged in the Blue Cloud Sect. This is the blessing of our Blue Cloud Sect."
"Well, Elder Xu, who do you think will win if the girl's Blue Phoenix Body goes against Luo Zheng's sword?" Shi Jingtian suddenly asked.
Elder Xu frowned and thought for a while before he said, "Since Luo Zheng is willing to draw his sword at this time, this sword must be something he relies on. Otherwise, he wouldn't have chosen to draw his sword at this time. It's better to use the previous battle method. However … even if Luo Zheng has comprehended some sword principles, it's still too difficult for him to defeat Mo Yuxin with the Blue Phoenix Body. I don't think Luo Zheng will win."
"Is that so?" Shi Jingtian looked at the battle arena and said, "According to normal reasoning, this is indeed the case. Mo Yuxin's Blue Phoenix Body is still very weak, but in the Divine Reflection Realm, she probably won't be able to find an opponent. However, for some reason, I feel that Luo Zheng will still create a miracle."
"If miracles happen frequently, then they won't be miracles anymore." Elder Xu didn't agree with the Sect Leader's words. "Luo Zheng has already created too many miracles. No one can continue to create miracles until the end."
Elder Xu's words made sense, so Shi Jingtian didn't refute. He only said, "If that's the case, then let's just watch quietly."
The shining silver sword was placed horizontally in front of Luo Zheng's chest. The tip of the sword pointed to the ground. He suddenly said to Mo Yuxin, "Before we start, I have a question to ask. Why do you hate me so much?"
Luo Zheng didn't like being hated for no reason, especially by a powerful beauty. At the same time, he felt that he was wronged. He didn't seem to have done anything wretched or annoying. Why was Mo Yuxin like this?
"I don't know. I just hate you when I see your calm face. I want to ravage you!" Mo Yuxin's voice became very cold.
Luo Zheng curled his lips helplessly. "Then let's wait and see how you're going to ravage me!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng's sword tip lightly drew on the ground. Surging sword essence instantly bloomed from his body.
Hua Tianming could rely only on sword essence, controlling the sword steps, and some other methods to overcome all obstacles. This was enough to show how terrifying sword essence was. Even if Xie Yun had comprehended the Small Success Saber Essence, it was enough for him to laugh at the 33 peaks and become a top disciple.
Artistic conception was originally something that couldn't be explained. It was illusory but extremely powerful!
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Mo Yuxin suddenly moved.
The Blue Phoenix was a kind of divine bird, also known as Cang Luan. It was a branch of the super divine beast, the Phoenix. The Blue Phoenix inherited the Phoenix's speed, but it didn't inherit the Phoenix's inextinguishable divine fire. Therefore, it was best at controlling the wind!
When Mo Yuxin moved, the wind in the whole arena began to surge.
This surge of wind was completely different from Zhuge Xi's method of controlling wind. Zhuge Xi used Vital Essence and the Yin and Yang Fan to control wind. He released his Vital Essence and used the fluctuation of Vital Essence to stir up the wind. However, Mo Yuxin didn't do that. She used her own affinity for wind to directly control the wind!
In other words, Mo Yuxin, who had awakened the body of the Blue Phoenix, was equal to the master of the wind.
Her exquisite body seemed to float with the wind. Suddenly, she disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes. She moved so fast that Luo Zheng almost couldn't see her.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
An almost inaudible breeze blew toward Luo Zheng.
This breeze was very soft, like the warm wind in March. However, it was this breeze that made Luo Zheng feel a strong killing intent.
In an instant, Mo Yuxin appeared beside Luo Zheng. The two Emei Piercers in her hands, shining with blue light, were fiercely stabbing toward Luo Zheng from the left and the right.
"Protective Sword Intent!"
In the face of Mo Yuxin's unpredictable sneak attack, Luo Zheng reflexively unfolded his protective sword essence. Layers of sharp sword essence slashed toward Mo Yuxin.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
There was another series of collision sounds. This time, Luo Zheng's Protective Sword Intent collided with Mo Yuxin's Emei Piercers.
Although Luo Zheng's Sword Intent was strong, it couldn't force Mo Yuxin to retreat. Mo Yuxin's ethereal eyes flashed with a blue light. The two Emei Piercers forcibly resisted Luo Zheng's Protective Sword Intent and stabbed toward Luo Zheng.
"Puff puff!"
After realizing that his Protective Sword Intent couldn't stop Mo Yuxin, Luo Zheng quickly activated the energy of the Phoenix Crystal. He fell backward and rolled over at the same time. However, he still couldn't avoid being injured. The two Emei Piercers stabbed into Luo Zheng's shoulders, leaving two bloody holes with blood flowing out.
"So strong!" Luo Zheng wiped the blood on his shoulders and looked coldly at Mo Yuxin.
"Originally, I only wanted to stab you twice, but now I've changed my mind. If I want to stab you, I'll stab you more. I've decided to stab you ten times!" Mo Yuxin said coldly. After activating the Blue Phoenix Body, Mo Yuxin's character became cold, but her nature still existed.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's face showed a faint smile.
"Every time you smile, I'll stab you one more time. It's useless to admit defeat. Now it's eleven!" Mo Yuxin said coldly.
"You're raising the price?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He didn't pay attention to Mo Yuxin's warning and continued to show the smile that Mo Yuxin hated very much.
"Twelve!" Mo Yuxin gritted her teeth and said.
"Haha, stab me as many times as you want! As long as you have the ability! " Luo Zheng suddenly raised the Flowing Light Sword in his hand and got into a fighting stance. Just now, he just wanted to test whether his Sword Intent could threaten Mo Yuxin. Now, he was serious.
However, when Luo Zheng got into this fighting stance, all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, including the pro-disciples, the Elders, and even Shi Jingtian were stunned.
"Basic Sword Technique?"
Luo Zheng's fighting stance was the starting stance of the Basic Sword Technique …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 271
Basic Swordsmanship …
At this moment, everyone in the Blue Cloud Sect who was paying attention to the fight was stunned.
Only one person was gloating, and that was Zhao Zhao of the Ninety Feet Peak.
He had been frightened by Luo Zheng's "Basic Swordsmanship," so he could understand the shock in everyone's hearts at this moment.
"These guys are probably shocked to the point of death, right?" Zhao Zhao thought fiercely in his heart.
Moreover, when Luo Zheng had used the Basic Swordsmanship, he had been on the Seven Stars Spectroscopic Platform and had not faced such a strong opponent. Now that Luo Zheng had used the Basic Swordsmanship, the degree of shock in these guys' hearts, or rather, the degree of awkwardness, in their hearts should be even more exaggerated than Zhao Zhao's at that time …
The Basic Swordsmanship was the first set of swordsmanship that most martial artists came into contact with. Similarly, there were also Basic Spear Techniques, Basic Fist Techniques, and so on.
Generally speaking, martial artists who focused on cultivation would learn the entire set of swordsmanship by heart when they were children. Then, they would use the foundation laid by the Basic Swordsmanship to practice other swordsmanship.
Although the moves of the Basic Swordsmanship were extremely simple, when faced with a more powerful expert, it was somewhat difficult to make ends meet. Whether it was the variation of moves or the power, it was far from enough. Therefore, no one would use the Basic Swordsmanship in this kind of situation.
This was equivalent to using a one-plus-one algorithm to decipher the complicated arithmetic of nine palaces. The difficulty of this could be imagined!
"Luo Zheng couldn't have been beaten silly, right? He took out a fairy weapon and actually used the Basic Swordsmanship. Is he trying to provoke Mo Yuxin? "
"Using the Basic Swordsmanship to fight in the Blue Cloud Sect's Peak Competition? This is probably the most unheard of in the Blue Cloud Sect since its establishment, right?"
"Well, I already don't know what to say. It seems that Luo Zheng has nothing left to lose. Using the Basic Swordsmanship should just be a symbolic resistance, right?"
Even Wu Xie, who was watching the fight outside the arena, and Xie Yun, who was sitting upright on the ground to heal his wounds, had strange expressions on their faces at this moment.
Wu Xie licked his lips and said in surprise, "What is this Luo Zheng doing? Is he really going to use the Basic Swordsmanship to fight Mo Yuxin, who has activated the Body of Cyan Phoenix?"
Hua Tianming looked at Luo Zheng's starting stance of the Basic Swordsmanship and frowned slightly. With Hua Tianming's amazing comprehension of swordsmanship and sword essence, he sensed that something was wrong. Luo Zheng was undoubtedly using the Basic Swordsmanship, but from Luo Zheng's movements, there seemed to be a slight difference. This feeling was very strange, but Hua Tianming couldn't put his finger on it. He just intuitively felt that Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was not simple, so he said, "Maybe Luo Zheng's Basic Swordsmanship only looks like the Basic Swordsmanship?"
"Junior apprentice-brother Hua must be joking. The basic sword art is the foundation of sword arts. After countless generations of practice, it has already been simplified to the extreme. It's impossible for it to change at all. Junior apprentice-brother Hua should know this better than me." Wu Xie smiled. Wu Xie was also a sword user, but his Extreme Yang Divine Sword focused on the power of his sword moves. He hadn't comprehended any sword intent.
"I don't know …" Hua Tianming shook his head. "I'm just a little suspicious …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally made his move.
"Sword Slash!"
It was a simple slash, and its speed was very average. There was nothing amazing about it.
However, just as Luo Zheng's sword slashed out, Hua Tianming's expression suddenly changed. "This! This sword slash seems to be … "
Hua Tianming stared blankly at Luo Zheng as if he had seen an inconceivable monster. Someone who could make Hua Tianming reveal such an expression in terms of swordsmanship was probably extinct.
Wu Xie's eyes widened even more. He was stunned for a while before he spat out two words. "Monster …"
Although Luo Zheng's sword slash was a simple sword slash, this sword slash had been simplified countless times in Luo Zheng's mind!
It was easy to turn simplicity into complexity, but it was very difficult to turn complexity into simplicity.
Basic swordsmanship had been simplified for thousands of years. Countless generations of people had worked hard to simplify it to this point. However, Luo Zheng's swordsmanship had been simplified countless times.
The Great Dao was simple, and comprehension was natural!
It could be said that Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship was no longer the original basic swordsmanship. It was a completely new set of swordsmanship that belonged to him!
Mo Yuxin, who was closest to Luo Zheng, also felt an intense threat at this moment.
Although Mo Yuxin could see that Luo Zheng's move was a simple sword slash, the power contained in this "sword slash" was not simple at all. This sword slash seemed to hide many indescribable mysteries.
"It's indeed surprising that you have such a special sword slash. However, you are still not my match with just this sword slash!"
The Blue Luan phantom behind Mo Yuxin suddenly emitted a bright blue light. Subsequently, the True Essence in her hands gradually condensed.
"Blue Luan Divine Claw!"
Her jade-like fingers bent. Streaks of blue light mixed with True Essence formed sharp blue fingernails. Then, she clawed at Luo Zheng.
With this grab, five cyan claw prints were formed out of thin air. Each claw print contained the ferocious power of the Cyan Phoenix.
The Blue Luan was a divine beast. Even if the concentration of the bloodline in Mo Yuxin's body was very thin, it still contained a terrifying power.
When the numerous disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect saw Luo Zheng's extremely extraordinary sword slash, they thought that Luo Zheng might win this fight. However, when they felt the power of the Blue Luan that Mo Yuxin released, they felt that Mo Yuxin's chances were greater!
The reason why the outcome was so difficult to predict was because the strength displayed by the two of them had already surpassed the strength of a fight between disciples in the All-Sect Grand Competition. It was impossible to use past experience to determine victory or defeat. They could only see who would emerge victorious in the end!
"Weng …"
Luo Zheng's sword slash from top to bottom landed precisely on the five blue claw marks.
The moment the Flowing Light Longsword and the blue claw marks intersected, a violent screeching sound suddenly erupted. That sound was the sound of sharp claws constantly rubbing against a smooth surface.
"Ah ah ah … this sound is so uncomfortable!"
"My head is spinning. I'm about to throw up!"
Many disciples with low cultivation levels had a very uncomfortable reaction the moment they heard the sound. Even those disciples in the Xiantian Full Circle stage had a slightly pale complexion. They were slightly uncomfortable, but they could barely hold on.
As for the group of Divine Reflection stage disciples, they were indifferent. They only frowned slightly.
The three feet sword edge, a simple slash, wrapped in a sharp sword intent, constantly melted away this unusually fierce claw print. And that Azure Phoenix claw print was also extremely tough. If one looked carefully, they would discover that there were countless tiny wind blades around the claw print, constantly wearing down the [Flowing Light] sword.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was a fairy weapon, so it was able to withstand the abrasion of those tiny wind blades. If it were a profound weapon, or even a spiritual weapon, it would have been torn in half by this claw marks.
After a breath's time, Luo Zheng's sword slash still gained the upper hand and forcibly cut the claw marks into pieces.
"Broken, broken …"
"Luo Zheng's sword is still stronger!"
"Luo Zheng is relying on the advantage of his weapon! He has a fairy weapon in his hand, while Mo Yuxin is only using her claws! "
"Are you sure Luo Zheng is only relying on the advantage of his weapon? Then Luo Zheng is only in the Xiantian second stage, while Mo Yuxin is in the Divine Reflection stage. Why don't you say this? "
After this disciple's reminder, many disciples sucked in a breath of cold air. In their shock, they had forgotten a huge fact. Just what did Mo Yuxin rely on? Her powerful bloodline power, her blue phoenix body, and she had already entered the Divine Reflection stage, while Luo Zheng was only in the Xiantian second stage.
Xiantian second stage …
Her stage was lower than that of all the disciples in the Peak Competition. Even in the whole Blue Cloud Sect, she belonged to the bottom category.
However, Luo Zheng was standing in the arena of the Peak Competition, carrying out one battle after another that they could not catch up with. This gap could no longer be described as a natural moat. It was really terrifying.
At this time, Luo Zheng naturally did not care about other people's evaluation. After breaking Mo Yuxin's claw print with a "Sword Cut", he continued to move forward and brandished his sword. "Pick the Sword!"
It was still the ordinary basic swordsmanship, which seemed to be easy to break. However, at this moment, it seemed to be tailor-made for Luo Zheng! Even powerhouses like Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu could not find any flaws in Luo Zheng at this moment.
Of course, that did not mean that they would lose to Luo Zheng. The gap between Luo Zheng's strength and theirs was too big. They could easily suppress Luo Zheng with absolute strength.
It was just that they could not win against Luo Zheng in terms of moves.
Ever since Mo Yuxin activated her Azure Phoenix Physique, her expression had always been cold and indifferent. She released an endless amount of pressure as if she was a high and mighty goddess. At this moment, facing Luo Zheng's pursuit, her cold and beautiful face finally changed color!
Mo Yuxin was playful and did not like to cultivate. That was because she had the Cyan Phoenix Body. Her talent was far stronger than ordinary people. Therefore, even if she did not cultivate, she could defeat most of the opponents of the same stage with her Cyan Phoenix Body.
Even if she encountered the powerful Pei Tianyao, Mo Yuxin, who had activated the Cyan Phoenix Body, still had the power to fight.
Originally, after activating the Cyan Phoenix Body, Mo Yuxin thought that she could finish the battle in an instant. However, now that she had used her strongest killing move, the "Cyan Phoenix Claw", it was unexpectedly broken by Luo Zheng's sword. Moreover, Luo Zheng took advantage of the situation to counterattack!
In Mo Yuxin's eyes, Luo Zheng was like a small toy! She had always thought so.
However, Luo Zheng, this toy, was not obedient at all. He did not put her in his eyes. For the proud and surly Mo Yuxin, this was an unacceptable fact. This was also the reason why Mo Yuxin was angry.
Others would find this kind of angry reason inexplicable. Luo Zheng himself also found it inexplicable. However, this was Mo Yuxin's character. She had always been like this. Therefore, Mo Yuxin wanted to teach him a lesson. She wanted to poke a bloody hole in Luo Zheng's body ….
She had indeed succeeded. The moment she activated the Cyan Phoenix Body, she had inserted two Emei Thorns into Luo Zheng's shoulders.
However, after Luo Zheng pulled out his sword, the situation took a turn for the worse. She felt that she was not this guy's opponent?
He was only at Xiantian second stage. Perhaps he was a little special, but how could he be compared with her? She had the Cyan Phoenix Body, a direct disciple, and a proud daughter of heaven!
How could this Luo Zheng! He was just a passerby among the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect! He was just a grain of sand among hundreds of thousands of grains of sand! I don't know where he learned this crappy basic swordsmanship. How could he win against me?
"I will never lose to you!"
Mo Yuxin clenched her teeth. Her eyes were red. She was ready to burn the Cyan Phoenix blood!

Chapter 272
Under the refraction of the sunlight, the silver Flowing Light Sword glowed with a gorgeous and colorful light. As the sword moved, the light spots that reflected the sun also flowed around the sword.
When the light spots slowly flowed from the hilt to the tip of the sword, Luo Zheng abruptly pointed his sword at the side of Mo Yuxin's neck. It was only an inch away from Mo Yuxin's white neck.
At this distance, as long as Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword moved slightly, Mo Yuxin's head would fall to the ground!
"I don't know what burning blood essence is. As for your lifespan, it has nothing to do with me. However, after burning blood essence, your strength may greatly increase for a period of time. Naturally, I will not give you this opportunity. If you move again, you will die!" Luo Zheng's face was expressionless, and his tone was very cold, without the slightest bit of tenderness. The Flowing Light Sword in his hand was one centimeter away from Mo Yuxin's neck. Under Luo Zheng's precise control, the tip of the sword had already pierced her tender skin, and a trace of blood flowed out from the wound.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of method Blood Essence was, at the cost of losing one's lifespan, it should be able to greatly increase Mo Yuxin's strength. Since Luo Zheng had the advantage, he naturally wouldn't let Mo Yuxin succeed.
Mo Yuxin could feel the cold sword intent on her neck. At this moment, she was like a wooden puppet, standing motionless on the spot.
In her life, she had never been so close to death.
When Pei Tianyao saw this, he was relieved. Although Luo Zheng's words were ruthless, at least Mo Yuxin was frightened and did not dare to burn her blood essence. As for whether Luo Zheng would kill Mo Yuxin or not, Pei Tianyao was not so worried.
Although Pei Tianyao never practiced swordsmanship, he knew that swordsmanship had high requirements for the character of the cultivator. Although it was not like Pei Tianyao who practiced Buddhism, where he had to follow the Five Precepts and Ten Precepts, the minimum requirement for swordsmanship was integrity.
To be able to practice swordsmanship to this point, it was enough to show that Luo Zheng was not a ruthless person. Most of his words were just to scare Mo Yuxin.
Pei Tianyao was able to think of this because he was old and had read a lot of books. His experience in judging people was much richer than Mo Yuxin!
However, Mo Yuxin was still young and a girl. How could she have thought so much?
Luo Zheng's emotionless words scared Mo Yuxin. "He … really dares to kill me!" Mo Yuxin thought.
Perhaps Mo Yuxin's usual personality was very vicious, but in reality, she was just a talented girl who hadn't fully matured yet. Even when she accepted the Blue Cloud Sect's mission to go on an adventure, she had the protection of a few senior brothers.
But now, he had to face such an abominable fellow. This fellow actually wanted to chop off his head!
Her long eyelashes trembled slightly, and her eyes instantly turned red. Then, soybean-sized teardrops rolled out and smashed onto the ground. Soon, the ground in front of her was wet.
Holding a sword and forcing a girl to cry, Luo Zheng's heart was really uncomfortable. If he had a choice, he really didn't want to fight with Mo Yuxin. She really gave him a headache. However, he knew that he couldn't be soft-hearted at this time. If he was soft-hearted and she really burned her blood essence, then the outcome of the battle was really uncertain!
"Crying is useless. Admitting defeat is your only choice," Luo Zheng coldly said.
Mo Yuxin suddenly turned her head, giving Luo Zheng a fright. He hurriedly pulled back his Flowing Light Sword and heard Mo Yuxin say with a sobbing tone, "I admit defeat!"
The referee, who had been waiting for a long time, nodded and announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, victory! Pro-Disciple Mo Yuxin, defeat! "
After Luo Zheng withdrew his sword, Mo Yuxin lowered her head and quickly walked out of the arena. Pei Tianyao, who was standing outside the arena, rubbed Mo Yuxin's head. His face showed a loving expression, but Mo Yuxin waved her hand like a stubborn child and pushed Pei Tianyao's hand away. She angrily walked to a corner and sat down.
Pei Tianyao had always been like Mo Yuxin's brother. He was very clear about Mo Yuxin's temper. This was also good. Letting her suffer some setbacks would make her mentality better in the future.
The key point was that Luo Zheng's performance in the arena was good. At least, he didn't let Mo Yuxin burn her blood essence and pay the price of reducing her lifespan …
Burning one's blood essence was usually only used when one was in a life and death situation. Because of a battle, one's lifespan would be reduced. Only Mo Yuxin would do such a thing.
So, Pei Tianyao faced the arena and nodded at Luo Zheng, showing a grateful smile.
Luo Zheng also responded with a smile and walked out of the arena.
Both of them knew that there was bound to be a battle between them.
Looking at Luo Zheng who walked out of the arena, Mentor Wen's heart was filled with emotions.
Since he led Xiao Yufeng's disciples to participate in the All-Peak Competition, his biggest dream was to have a disciple from Xiao Yufeng enter the top 100.
However, Zuo Yun's failure made Mentor Wen, as well as the other mentors of Xiao Yufeng, feel down to the bottom of the valley.
The result was unexpected to Mentor Wen. From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng was invincible. He maintained an undefeated momentum all the way to this point.
Other than exclaiming, Mentor Wen really didn't know what to say.
It was a pity that Su Lingyun wasn't here. If Su Lingyun was here and saw that her disciple had such achievements, what kind of expression would she have? Mentor Wen secretly thought in his heart.
Right now, the entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital was spreading the news that Burning Heaven Palace was in chaos. Several princes were busy fighting for power and Su Lingyun was also involved. What a pity …
After all, Mentor Wen and Su Lingyun were mentors from the same peak and were very familiar with each other. So, he also paid attention to the movements in Burning Heaven Palace and collected information about Su Lingyun. However, Mentor Wen's position was too low. He wasn't as well-informed as Zhenren Tianqiong. He didn't know that Su Lingyun was already under house arrest.
However, Su Lingyun's news completely disappeared. Mentor Wen naturally guessed that Su Lingyun's situation wouldn't be good.
Unfortunately, he couldn't help much.
At this moment, Mentor Wen's eyes suddenly lit up!
Luo Zheng!
Maybe Luo Zheng could help Su Lingyun!
Luo Zheng defeated Mo Yuxin. As long as he didn't perform abnormally, entering the top three was already a sure thing! He had the qualifications to walk the Blue Clouds Road!
If he really passed the Blue Clouds Road's test and stepped into the Cloud Hall, he would have the qualifications to help Su Lingyun.
After entering the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's strength might not be able to reach the level of Blue Cloud Sect's Elder Xu or Sect Leader Shi Jingtian in a short period of time. However, his status couldn't be mentioned in the same breath. After all, after entering the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's future was limitless. Even Shi Jingtian had to listen to his words!
Ever since Burning Heaven Palace's Emperor Su Qian disappeared, the only one who could control Burning Heaven Dynasty was Shi Jingtian.
The Blue Cloud Sect played an indispensable role in Burning Heaven Dynasty's history. Some Emperors were even pushed to the throne by the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, in the past, the Blue Cloud Sect was enough to control the entire Burning Heaven Palace.
However, ever since Su Qian stepped into the Cloud Hall with his astonishing talent, his strength was even more valiant than Shi Jingtian's. Therefore, ever since Su Qian ruled Burning Heaven Dynasty, Burning Heaven Dynasty was considered to have broken away from the Blue Cloud Sect's control. After all, Su Qian's status wasn't lower than Shi Jingtian's.
However, Su Qian and Shi Jingtian worked together in the Cloud Hall. Therefore, there wouldn't be any conflicts between Burning Heaven Palace and Blue Cloud Sect.
Now that Emperor Su Qian had disappeared and no one knew if he was dead or alive, it was the best time for Shi Jingtian to regain control of this chaotic situation. Strangely, Shi Jingtian didn't seem to have such plans. Instead, he allowed the princes to fight among themselves in the palace.
With the information that Teacher Wen had obtained, he could only analyze this much. With his status, he wouldn't be able to obtain any more information.
Looking at Luo Zheng, who was sitting cross-legged, Teacher Wen decided to have a good talk with Luo Zheng after this Peak Wide Competition. If Luo Zheng really remembered Su Lingyun's kindness, he wouldn't just sit there and do nothing!
At this point in the Samsara competition, most of the rankings had already been decided. Only the top five positions were still in dispute!
First, there were two dark horses. One was Luo Zheng, and the other was Hua Tianming. Up until now, they hadn't lost a single match. Luo Zheng had even defeated Mo Yuxin. Because he had defeated Mo Yuxin, who had the Blue Phoenix Body, everyone felt that he would definitely be in the top three. As for whether he would be first, second, or third, it was hard to predict.
As for Hua Tianming, he still hadn't drawn his sword. His strength was still unfathomable. However, after entering the Samsara competition, Hua Tianming didn't reveal too much strength, so he won relatively easily. Therefore, everyone felt that Hua Tianming had the qualifications to enter the top five.
Then there were Pei Tianyao and Wang Yun. These two were considered the top among the direct disciples. If there were no accidents, they would be first and second respectively.
As for Mo Yuxin, she seemed to have suffered a huge blow. Her mental state wasn't very good. Everyone still didn't know if she would still fight. If she did, with her strength, she should be in the top five.
However, everyone calculated and calculated. In fact, there was still a key person who affected the Peak Wide Competition's rankings. As long as he participated, all of these people would probably move back by one place.
This person was Li Yifeng.
The number one direct disciple on the Green Cloud Leaderboard. This title wasn't just for show. Li Yifeng's strength was almost universally recognized.
However, Li Yifeng was still in seclusion. No one knew if he would participate at the last moment of the Samsara competition. Therefore, he became an exception and was not considered for the time being.
These people would determine the top ranks of the Green Cloud Leaderboard and determine the Peak Wide Competition's rankings. What everyone cared about the most was the clash between them.
Of course, it wasn't that the peak disciples didn't care about other people's fights. After all, the battles between the top 100 would determine the rankings of the thirty-three peaks. For the peak disciples, it was also very important.
Just as everyone was looking forward to it, the referee finally announced an incomparably important battle. "Direct disciple Wang Yun versus Luo Zheng!"
Previously, when Wang Yun walked onto the stage, he challenged Luo Zheng and said that he would suppress his cultivation from the Divine Realm to the Xiantian Realm. In the end, Luo Zheng was even more arrogant than Wang Yun. He directly responded to Wang Yun's challenge and didn't need Wang Yun to suppress his cultivation. It was a fair duel!
Before the two of them met, there were already sparks flying. Now, the two finally met in the Samsara competition.

Chapter 273
Wang Yun was a monstrous genius from the previous competition. He was a direct disciple, and with a cultivation of Xiantian second stage, he managed to break into the top 100, shocking all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Because Wang Yun subverted the common sense of many disciples at that time, he was able to challenge those of a higher realm to the extreme …
Therefore, the miracle created by Wang Yun had always been talked about by many disciples.
If there were no accidents, the miracle created by Wang Yun would not be broken by anyone.
After all, if one wanted to challenge those of a higher realm, the difficulty would be too great!
But no one would have thought that Wang Yun's record would only last for three years. Three years later, a young man named Luo Zheng, with an even fiercer posture and even more terrifying strength, easily surpassed Wang Yun's record!
Both of them were at the Xiantian second stage, and both of them were participating in the All-Peak Grand Competition. Wang Yun had already created a terrifying record by entering the top 100, while Luo Zheng was constantly breaking through, entering the top 100, top 50, top 30, top 10, top 5! His record could only be described as an earth-shattering miracle!
Later generations were destined to only be able to look up to this record, and even years later, some people would doubt this record, because if they didn't see it with their own eyes, they would find it hard to believe that someone could achieve this.
Wang Yun was a very arrogant person. He felt that breaking into the top 100 at Xiantian second stage wasn't a very great thing, and the All-Sect Competition three years ago was only a training for him. Although he didn't care about this record, he was very concerned about Luo Zheng breaking this record.
Because of this, everyone liked to compare the two of them.
Since they were compared, then they would use their own absolute strength to suppress the other. This was also why he chose to fight Luo Zheng as soon as he went on stage. Unfortunately, the two of them didn't draw each other in the Transmigration Competition.
"What will come will come, you can't avoid it!" Standing opposite Luo Zheng, Wang Yun said lightly.
"En? When did I avoid it? "Luo Zheng asked strangely.
Wang Yun laughed, "You may not avoid it, but I'm afraid that you don't want to fight with me in your heart!"
"Afraid?" Luo Zheng felt like he had just heard a joke. He thought for a moment and said, "What's there to be afraid of? Didn't you say you would suppress your strength to the Innate Mystic Realm to fight me? Even if you suppress your cultivation to Xiantian Full Circle, I'm afraid you're still not my match, right? Do you think I'm scared? "
"That's right. I remember that Wang Yun did say something like that. At that time, I thought that Wang Yun's suggestion was pretty good. Looking at it now … I find it a little laughable."
"Indeed, Luo Zheng may be defeated by Wang Yun if he goes all out, but it is impossible for him to lose to Wang Yun who is in the Xiantian realm. Wang Yun's words are a bit exaggerated."
"But didn't Luo Zheng refuse? Why are you bringing up the same topic now? "
Wang Yun naturally said this sentence, but after some observation, Wang Yun finally understood. According to his current strength, there was no problem for him to crush Luo Zheng. However, after suppressing his strength to the Innate Mystic Realm, even if he was in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, he was still far from being Luo Zheng's match.
Luo Zheng had clearly refused. Now, he brought up the same old topic again for only one purpose, and that was to annoy him. Wang Yun certainly wouldn't fall for Luo Zheng's trick. He just said, "Of course, I did propose this, but you refused. It's not that I didn't give you a chance! You just couldn't seize it. "
"Well, of course, I didn't want this chance. I just wanted to tell you that whether you suppress your cultivation or not, I'm not afraid, and I'm not hiding from you. Do you understand now?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Wang Yun's face sank. In terms of bickering, he was indeed no match for Luo Zheng.
In fact, bickering between warriors was often a part of the battle.
Just like when two armies went to war, the generals of both sides would often come out to challenge the other side, and even curse at each other!
This practice was to attack the other side's morale and indirectly weaken the other side's combat strength!
The same was true for warriors. If one side's momentum was weak, the other side's momentum would grow crazily. Some warriors even borrowed the momentum of their rainbow-like momentum to burst out far beyond their usual combat strength!
"Very clever mouth, but it doesn't matter. In the face of absolute strength, Luo Zheng, you only have one mouth left!" After Wang Yun finished speaking, his true essence began to flow out layer by layer, erupting into layers of blood mist. This blood mist eventually turned into a thick layer of battle armor.
This world was conserved. The greater the price one paid, the greater the gain. Wang Yun was cultivating an evil technique, and the price one had to pay for cultivating an evil technique was usually very high. Therefore, many evil techniques were stronger than cultivation techniques of the same level.
Just like this set of "White Bone Spirit Concentration Technique" evil skill. Although it was also a Heaven Rank skill, in fact, its power was far beyond that of an ordinary Heaven Rank skill! Even the top Heaven Rank skill couldn't be compared with the "White Bone Spirit Concentration Technique".
Just like this set of white bone battle armor, its defensive power was so strong that it made one's hair stand on end. Even Luo Zheng's spirit artifact body was somewhat inferior to it.
After Wang Yun summoned the white bone battle armor, Luo Zheng also summoned the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Seeing the six Heavenly Demon Phantom, Wang Yun was a little surprised. "You don't use a sword?"
Luo Zheng's strange yet incomparably powerful basic swordsmanship had left a deep impression on Wang Yun. This was also one of the reasons why he didn't dare to boast about suppressing his cultivation.
Originally, Wang Yun wouldn't have cared about Luo Zheng's thoughts. Even if Luo Zheng didn't need him to suppress his cultivation, he would have taken the initiative to lower his cultivation to fight with Luo Zheng. This was because Wang Yun had always been the one to jump ranks to challenge others. Since when was it someone else's turn to jump ranks to challenge him? This was a fact that the arrogant Wang Yun couldn't accept no matter what.
However, after Luo Zheng used the basic swordsmanship, Wang Yun understood that it was impossible for him to defeat Luo Zheng if he suppressed his cultivation to the Xiantian Secret Realm. Therefore, he gave up on this plan. This was equivalent to Wang Yun admitting that Luo Zheng's talent and potential were stronger than his!
"Not now." After the Heavenly Demon Phantom appeared, it began to fly around Luo Zheng.
"If you don't use it, I'm afraid you won't have the chance to use it!" As soon as Wang Yun's voice fell, he fiercely slammed towards Luo Zheng.
The defensive power of Wang Yun's white bone battle armor was extremely terrifying. In comparison, even those immortal artifact armors were inferior to his white bone battle armor. This was because the white bone battle armor was transformed from Quintessential Essence. It was almost weightless to Wang Yun. Moreover, the battle armor was connected to his mind and was easier to control. It was as if it was an extension of his body.
Wang Yun was coming menacingly, but Luo Zheng didn't panic. With a thought, the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms slammed towards Wang Yun at the same time.
"Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang!"
Wang Yun, who was wrapped in the white bone battle armor, was like a human-shaped war chariot. He collided with the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
Although Wang Yun's white bone battle armor was strong, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms were not weak either. After the first round of collision, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms forcibly intercepted the aggressive Wang Yun.
Wang Yun, who had just caught his breath, suddenly sneered. Then, a few more clouds of blood mist exploded, and the near-perfect White Bone Battle Armor underwent a new transformation. Two horns had appeared on it.
"I didn't expect these things you summoned to be so hard. Let's see how you block them this time!" After speaking, Wang Yun slammed towards Luo Zheng again. Wang Yun indeed had absolute confidence in his strength. He didn't want to use any skills at all. Instead, he directly used the white bone battle armor to crush Luo Zheng.
Facts proved that Wang Yun had the capital to be confident. When the white bone battle armor, which had been strengthened by Wang Yun, collided with the Heavenly Demon Phantoms again, cracks instantly appeared on the Heavenly Demon Phantoms. Then, they were smashed into pieces and turned into Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence.
"Humph! You want to stop me with such petty tricks? Haha … "Wang Yun grinned as he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
However, before he could take two steps, the six shattered Heavenly Demon Phantoms reformed and slammed towards Wang Yun again.
"You probably didn't watch my previous battle seriously, did you?" A smile hung on Luo Zheng's face. "How could my Heavenly Demon Phantom be broken so easily?"
Unlike ordinary cultivation methods, although the Heavenly Demon Phantoms were also formed from Quintessential Essence and could be considered as a good fortune that Luo Zheng borrowed from heaven and earth, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms did not need to return to heaven and earth after being smashed. Instead, they could continue to reform and meet the enemy again.
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms, which were constantly smashed and reformed, created a lot of trouble for Wang Yun at the beginning of the battle.
After a full incense stick's worth of time, Wang Yun was almost exhausted with the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
"Wang Yun's attacking method is too monotonous. He seems to want to rely on pure smashing to defeat Luo Zheng."
"Wang Yun definitely has more tricks up his sleeve. He just likes this kind of simple and crude fighting method. However, Luo Zheng isn't easy to deal with. He's very patient!"
"He's very patient indeed. Wang Yun is risking his life to smash those Heavenly Demon Phantoms. He seems to have nothing to do and even has the time to rest!"
To say that Luo Zheng was resting in the arena was a bit too much. He was only controlling the Heavenly Demon Phantoms to resist Wang Yun. Luo Zheng was indeed quite relaxed …
Since Wang Yun wanted to use his indestructible White Bone Battle Armor to win the battle, then Luo Zheng would waste his time with him. In any case, there was no time limit to the battle in the arena. If this guy had the ability, then he could stay here for a year.
After this boring collision lasted for more than two incense sticks' worth of time, Wang Yun finally realized that his actions were rather foolish. Although he was deeply wrapped in the White Bone Battle Armor, he could still feel the surrounding disciples looking at him as if he was an idiot.
It was indeed meaningless to compete with Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
After thinking it through, Wang Yun suddenly doubled his speed, bypassed the Heavenly Demon Phantoms, and attacked Luo Zheng fiercely.
"Finally, you're not playing anymore?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly as he watched the approaching Wang Yun. His body suddenly sped up, but he didn't choose to run away. At this moment, he actually chose to smash his shoulder into Wang Yun!
"Well, is there something wrong with my eyes again? Is Luo Zheng planning to fight Wang Yun head-on? "
"Wang Yun is wearing the White Bone Battle Armor, which is tantamount to hiding in a super defensive magic treasure. Unless it's an immortal weapon, there's no way to break his armor. Luo Zheng doesn't want to use his sword. Is he planning to use his body to fight Wang Yun?"
"Are you kidding me? Wang Yun is like a human tank. He can crush his opponent just by relying on the White Bone Battle Armor. It's true that Luo Zheng is born with divine strength, and his body is also very hard, but how can he have the confidence to fight Wang Yun head-on?"
Even Wang Yun himself had a strange expression on his face, and then he showed a happy expression. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would play guerrilla warfare with him. If Luo Zheng quickly dodged and jumped up and down, it would be difficult for him to hit him. But this kid not only didn't run, he actually dared to collide with me? Is his brain fried? Well, I'll cripple you once and for all, so that people won't compare me with you again!
Just as the two were about to collide, all the dragon scales in Luo Zheng's mind lit up in an instant.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 274
More than a hundred dragon scales instantly opened, and a torrential power poured into Luo Zheng's body in a tyrannical manner. His shoulders suddenly swelled up, and blue veins bulged out like dragons!
At the moment of impact, Wang Yun roared, "I'll smash you to pieces!"
Luo Zheng avoided the bone armor's ram and directly crashed into Wang Yun's shoulder!
"Bang!"
The two enormous forces converged together and made a dull sound.
Everyone watched as Wang Yun, who was wearing the White Bone Battle Armor, was sent flying from one edge of the arena to the other, before heavily crashing into the light barrier!
In the past, many disciples had been sent flying by a single punch and then slammed into the light curtain barrier during their fights.
Because the light barrier was originally designed to be very soft, it could also play a certain role in protecting the participating disciples.
However, there was a limit to the impact the light barrier could withstand. At the moment of impact with Wang Yun, Luo Zheng poured all the explosive power from the dragon scales into the light barrier.
If Wang Yun, who was wearing the bone armor, was a war chariot, then Luo Zheng was a ferocious beast at that moment!
Such a powerful and pure force poured onto Wang Yun's body and sent him flying. This force exceeded the limit of the light barrier. The light barrier trembled twice, and like a mirror, it suddenly cracked and shattered.
Wang Yun's figure didn't stop at all. He continued to crush everything in his way and crashed into the crowd.
Fortunately, that direction was where Lone Sky Peak was located. Hua Tianming, Wu Xie, and even Xie Yun, who was recuperating, all took action when they saw this scene. Only then were they able to block Wang Yun!
When the disciples from the other peaks saw this scene, their hearts trembled slightly …
This was also because Lone Sky Peak was filled with experts. If Wang Yun crashed into Xiao Yufeng and Vulture Peak, they wouldn't be able to stop him. Instead, a few disciples would have been injured or killed.
Although Luo Zheng displayed his innate divine strength from the beginning, Luo Zheng didn't display all of his strength!
Therefore, at this moment, everyone was unable to wrap their heads around the situation.
Innate Divine Strength referred to the fact that some people were born with great physical strength. For martial artists, innate divine strength might be an advantage, but it was not valued too much.
Strength was undoubtedly the fundamental factor in a martial artist's battle. Having innate divine strength was indeed an advantage, but the strength brought about by one's mortal body was limited. As one's true essence grew, the strength that a human could obtain through their true essence was often dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of times greater than the strength of their mortal body!
It was just like how no matter how strong one's innate strength was, it was impossible to punch Zhenren Tianqiong from afar like Shi Jingtian did!
Therefore, the martial artists of the Eastern Domain all attached great importance to cultivating the True Essence system, and were not optimistic about purely body-refining.
After all, the growth rate of body refinement was too low.
But how did Luo Zheng do it?
With his own physical body, he managed to send Wang Yun, who was wearing the White Bone Armor, flying? Or was everyone's brain short-circuited and what they saw was an illusion?
What one person saw might be an illusion, but what so many people saw naturally couldn't be an illusion.
But thinking about the terrifying strength that Luo Zheng had erupted with, everyone couldn't help but be shocked … Luo Zheng had already brought too much shock to the Blue Cloud Sect in this All-Peak Tournament.
Wang Yun, who had stopped outside the arena, had a very rich expression on his face. From the moment he collided with Luo Zheng, his expression was one of excitement. He wanted to open his eyes wide and watch this guy who overestimated himself get smashed into pieces. But at the moment of impact, his excited expression gradually turned into doubt. After he was sent flying, his expression turned into shock, and finally, a helpless expression on his face …
This Luo Zheng was really a ruthless person. Wang Yun had always thought that he was a ruthless person, but he didn't expect Luo Zheng to be even more ruthless than him. He had threatened to smash Luo Zheng into pieces with his fierce White Bone Armor, but Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he took his collision head-on and used absolute strength to crush him!
Wang Yun wasn't defeated. The rules of the arena were to admit defeat or be unable to continue fighting. Being knocked out of the arena by Luo Zheng was purely an accident that happened when the light curtain barrier couldn't withstand the impact.
But the feeling in Wang Yun's heart was really indescribable. It was like a player who was good at Go playing against a player who was good at Chinese Chess, but that player used Go to defeat him!
Being defeated in a field that he was good at gave him a very strong sense of frustration!
Getting up and walking to the arena, Wang Yun stared at Luo Zheng. Finally, a serious look appeared in his eyes. He knew that he had to go all out to deal with this battle.
At this time, Wang Yun still had some doubts in his heart. His White Bone Armor was astonishingly hard. If Luo Zheng didn't have a strong physical body, his bones would have been shattered. Even if his physical body was incomparably strong, wouldn't he have been seriously injured?
But Luo Zheng, who was standing in the arena, didn't seem to be injured at all. Luo Zheng just waved his arms and rubbed them with his hands. He grinned at Wang Yun and said, "Do you want to hit me again? I can keep you company! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Wang Yun felt like vomiting blood. At the same time, a deep sense of disbelief rose in his heart.
His White Bone Armor could easily withstand the attack of a high-grade spirit weapon. Unless it was an immortal weapon, it would be impossible to penetrate this armor. Luo Zheng collided with his White Bone Armor, but he was completely fine. What did this mean?
It meant that Luo Zheng's physical body was so strong that it could withstand a high-grade spirit weapon! Then, was he still human?
Wang Yun, who had always flaunted himself as a genius and always liked to fight above his level, was in disarray at this time …
In fact, Wang Yun was the first person to test the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body. Before this, no one had tested the limit of Luo Zheng's physical body. And the only time he was injured was when Mo Yuxin used the Emei Piercer after activating the power of the Blue Luan. Therefore, it was impossible to determine the limit.
However, Wang Yun also overestimated Luo Zheng's physical body.
Now, Luo Zheng's physical body was actually only equivalent to a middle-grade spirit weapon. His body had already stepped into the middle-grade spirit weapon stage for some time. After this period of cultivation, at most, it had reached the peak of middle-grade spirit weapon. There was still a significant gap between it and a high-grade spirit weapon.
Luo Zheng used his shoulder to collide with Wang Yun's White Bone Armor. During the collision, Luo Zheng's shoulder muscles also had a certain vibration slowing effect. As for the force of Wang Yun's collision, it entered Luo Zheng's body and was automatically converted into a warm current by his wonderful body.
Even if it was a middle-grade spirit weapon, it had already reached an incomprehensible level.
Everyone was used to seeing Wang Yun use the White Bone Armor to crush everyone in the battle. At this moment, however, there was a dramatic reversal. Everyone understood that Wang Yun should be serious.
"You're really interesting. It seems that I underestimated you before. It's a bit unrealistic to want to crush you with pure strength," Wang Yun said coldly.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, "You can also say that it's very childish."
"I admit that it's childish," Wang Yun did not care about Luo Zheng's sarcasm. Instead, he sneered faintly, "You are indeed qualified to see my true strength. Let me remind you, you will definitely regret it! Extremely regret! "
After saying that, clouds of blood mist began to spread from Wang Yun's hand. The blood mist was obviously a little different. It was thicker than the previous blood mist, and the aura contained in it was more powerful. It seemed to be the blood left behind by some wild ancient beast with a special bloodline!
After the blood mist gradually dissipated, a bone spear appeared in Wang Yun's hand. The bone spear was suffused with a bluish-white light, and there were layers of complicated inscriptions on the bone.
After Wang Yun raised the bone spear, he casually stabbed it into the void. A dragon's roar actually came from the bone spear!
"This is a bone spear made from a section of the spine of a flood dragon. You should be honored to be the first person to try its power in the All-Peak Competition!" Wang Yun said slowly.
Flood dragon …
Although it was also a type of dragon, it was worlds apart from a real dragon. A flood dragon was not a super mythological beast, not even a mythological beast. It was definitely not comparable to Mo Yuxin's Qing Luan!
However, Mo Yuxin only had the bloodline of Qing Luan. With her current strength, she could not completely control the power of Qing Luan.
However, Wang Yun was actually holding a section of the spine of a flood dragon. How powerful would a bone spear made from this section of spine be?
However, after Luo Zheng heard the dragon's roar from the bone spear, Luo Zheng felt some changes in his mind. He felt that the sculpture of Qing Long on the giant furnace shook slightly, and then a faint dragon's roar came from it.
Luo Zheng did not understand the obscure and complicated dragon language. In fact, with human ears, many syllables in dragon language could not be heard clearly, or simply could not be heard.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng could understand the meaning of that dragon's roar.

Chapter 275
Above the mysterious furnace in Luo Zheng's mind, there were nine huge dragons, each of them lifelike.
These nine dragons looked like sculptures on the furnace, but Luo Zheng suspected that they were not sculptures at all, but real dragons with their own consciousness.
However, only Qinglong had awakened so far. Luo Zheng had used the Sky Derivation Essence to nourish this Qinglong, which seemed to be gradually regaining its consciousness. However, this Qinglong had not communicated with him at all.
At most, when Luo Zheng was in danger, it had used its dragon roar to help Luo Zheng ward off danger twice. Once was when he was choosing a cultivation technique in the Heavenly Book Pavilion to deal with the pressure of the Xingtian Beast. The other time was when he was fighting off those resentful spirits in the Immortal Abode.
Other than that, the nine dragons were like sculptures, without any signs of life.
But today, that Qinglong had actually taken the initiative to communicate with Luo Zheng? It actually wanted to eat that bone spear …
There was no doubt that Luo Zheng had been able to reach where he was today because of this mysterious furnace. If it had not forged his body and soul, it would have been very difficult for him to leave the Luo family. Although Luo Zheng did not know the origins of this furnace, he knew that this mysterious furnace, the nine true dragons on it, and the black flames it contained, were far from something he could imagine. It was absolutely impossible for him to show it to others.
Even after using the black flames in the furnace to smelt weapons and obtain the Sky Derivation Essence, Luo Zheng had cautiously entrusted Zhang Wuxian to auction it off, for fear that something would go wrong in the middle of the process and attract the attention of others.
As the saying goes, an ordinary man is innocent, but treasuring a jade ring will arouse the envy of others. Given Luo Zheng's current strength, if this secret was leaked, it would bring him nothing but disaster.
But now that Qinglong had sent him a message, asking him to help devour that bone spear?
The Jiao Dragon was a very low-level dragon. It could be considered a subspecies of the dragon. Although it was low-level, it still belonged to the dragon race.
Presumably, the dragon aura contained in the spine of this flood dragon had attracted the attention of Qinglong. It couldn't wait to devour this bone spear, so it communicated with Luo Zheng.
However, Qinglong had undoubtedly given Luo Zheng a difficult problem.
Wang Yun's strength was very strong. Although Luo Zheng had just used the power of the dragon scale to directly knock Wang Yun out of the arena, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng had the upper hand. Wang Yun just underestimated Luo Zheng's strength. He wanted to use a violent method to crush Luo Zheng, but he was crushed by Luo Zheng instead.
In other words, Wang Yun had yet to display his true strength.
At this moment, Wang Yun, who was holding the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear, was using his true fighting style. Just by holding the bone spear in his hand, a majestic aura was emitted. This aura came from the bloodline, the deterrent power of the inheritance!
Wang Yun did have the qualifications to be arrogant. Luo Zheng didn't have the confidence to defeat him.
In this case, it would be difficult to snatch his bone spear and devour it.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about what to do, Wang Yun had already taken the lead. He sneered and gently tapped the bone spear on the arena. Wang Yun's Zhen Yuan was constantly pouring into the bone spear.
"Supreme Dragon Might!"
This bone spear was an inanimate object, but after all, it was a section of the Jiao Dragon's spine. After Wang Yun's Zhen Yuan stimulated the bloodline in it, the pressure of the dragon bloodline suddenly increased by a hundred times!
"Dragons are born powerful! Thousands of creatures can only crawl at their feet. Under this Dragon Might, Luo Zheng, kneel for me! " Wang Yun smiled faintly. Just now, Luo Zheng had embarrassed him in the battle by using a more powerful force to suppress him. For Wang Yun, this was a great humiliation. Not only did he want to win this battle, but he also wanted to humiliate Luo Zheng and make him suffer a crushing defeat!
After being stimulated by Zhen Yuan, the pressure of the dragon bloodline suddenly spread out. Like a tsunami, it poured down on Luo Zheng with an earth-shattering force!
In fact, the pressure of the dragon race was very similar to the imposing manner of human beings. The real powerhouses among human beings, such as Shi Jingtian, could indeed suppress people to the point that they were powerless and even forced to kneel.
But the pressure of the dragon race was even more terrifying and fierce!
Ninety percent of this pressure surged toward Luo Zheng, and only ten percent dissipated into the surroundings of the arena.
When the disciples on the various peaks came into contact with this terrifying pressure, their faces turned pale. The disciples with lower cultivations felt as if they were in a world of ice and snow, and their teeth couldn't help but chatter.
"Plop!"
Without any warning, a disciple fainted and fell to the ground.
Shi Jingtian glanced at Elder Xu, "In this Peak Wide Competition, I seem to have said 'I didn't expect' too many times. I didn't expect Wang Yun to be able to obtain a Flood Dragon's spine."
The Flood Dragon's spine could be used to forge weapons, and it could also be used to refine elixirs. After swallowing it, a trace of the Flood Dragon's bloodline would be born in one's body! In the face of such a treasure, even Shi Jingtian would be moved!
Of course, with Shi Jingtian's status, it was naturally impossible for him to snatch Wang Yun's Bone Spear.
"Three years ago, I said that Wang Yun is a person with great luck. As he grows, he may be able to obtain more opportunities. I'm afraid Luo Zheng is in danger," Elder Xu commented.
Shi Jingtian smiled and said, "Wang Yun has great luck and can obtain opportunities. Is Luo Zheng's luck not good? Look at the flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand, the 'Heavenly Demon God Fist' that he cultivated, and the 'Basic Swordsmanship' that he comprehended himself. Which one of them is ordinary? "
"Sect Leader is right. I think Luo Zheng's cultivation is too low, so I'm still a little biased. The Flood Dragon's pressure has caused many disciples to have adverse reactions. I'll go down and help!" After Elder Xu finished speaking, he jumped down from the high platform. When he was in the air, he gently waved his old hand, and an emerald green True Essence turned into a light curtain, which shrouded the surroundings of the battle arena.
Because of the Flood Dragon's pressure, many disciples were originally naked in the world of ice and snow. They were unable to resist it at all. If it continued for a long time, this pressure would even cause damage to their souls.
However, when the light curtain in Elder Xu's hand swept gently, everyone suddenly felt as if they were wearing a thick cotton-padded coat. They suddenly felt warm enough to resist the pressure.
Just 10% of the Flood Dragon's pressure could cause so many disciples to feel so uncomfortable. How would Luo Zheng deal with 90% of the Flood Dragon's pressure alone?
With the help of Elder Xu, everyone resisted the Flood Dragon's pressure. Then, they paid attention to the fighting arena. They wanted to see how Luo Zheng was doing.
Luo Zheng's soul strength was far stronger than that of ordinary people. When Luo Zheng entered the Heaven Level Cultivation Method Hall in the Heavenly Book Pavilion, he did not rely on Qinglong's help. Instead, he relied on his own soul to resist the pressure of the Xingtian Will. However, when he entered the hidden room behind the Heaven Level Cultivation Method Hall, he was directly attacked by the Xingtian Beast's soul. Only then did Qinglong in his mind resist it.
Furthermore, the Flood Dragon Bone Spear had been strengthened by a secret technique, and the might it released was even more powerful than the Heaven Punishing Beast's!
Under this level of pressure, one could imagine Luo Zheng's current state!
However, Luo Zheng still clenched his teeth and chose to resist it.
After Luo Zheng chose the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》 cultivation method, he used the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》 to temper his soul and enter a state of selflessness. This caused the strength of his soul to deepen step by step.
Therefore, although the Flood Dragon Bone Spear's pressure was powerful, it could not do anything to Luo Zheng for a while!
However, Luo Zheng's complexion was not very good. His originally rosy face was now as pale as a sheet of white paper.
"I'm really surprised that you can still hold on. Let's see how long you can hold on!"
After speaking, Wang Yun slammed the bone spear into the ground, and a Flood Dragon's roar was heard.
"Roar —"
"Kneel for me!"
"Roar!"
"Kneel!"
"Roar!"
"Kneel!"
Wang Yun slammed the bone spear into the ground three times in a row! The wave-like pressure surged over three times, and each wave was stronger than the previous one! Wang Yun's "kneel" contained a trace of unquestionable majesty, as if it was an order from the king of heaven and earth!
"How can I resist this … If it were me, I'm afraid my soul would have been annihilated at this moment!"
"Oh my god, this Wang Yun is too abnormal. Even if Elder Xu helped me block the pressure, my knees are a little weak and I want to kneel …"
"Sigh, this Wang Yun's previous attack with the White Bone Armor was crude and simple. I didn't expect his soul attack to be so crude and tyrannical. This crude attack method is so powerful that it makes people unable to resist!"
Even with Elder Xu's help to block the pressure, everyone was still frightened when they saw the situation in the arena.
Pei Tianyao, who was sitting on the ground, opened his eyes slightly when he heard the dragon's roar. There was a trace of solemnity on his face, but after a while, he calmly closed his eyes again. Buddhist cultivation techniques were extensive and profound. Perhaps he already had a way to deal with it.
Hua Tianming, who was carrying a long sword on his back, trembled slightly under the three dragon's roar. He couldn't help but put his hand on the hilt of his sword. When he touched the sword on his back gently, he let out a sigh of relief. His eyes were shining brightly as he watched the battle in the arena.
In the arena, Luo Zheng's soul was swaying in the wind and rain. It was like a leaf hanging on a tree branch, and it could be swept away by the wind at any time.
However, the strange thing was that he was still tenaciously holding on. It was just that his situation wasn't very good.
This battle was Luo Zheng's most dangerous battle. Throughout his winning streak, Luo Zheng had never been so close to defeat!
In fact, the gap between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun wasn't that big. This was because Wang Yun didn't rely on his own strength, but the power of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear in his hand. However, Luo Zheng relied on his soul to forcibly resist.
He wanted to see to what extent he could resist!
A wisp of blood slowly escaped from the corner of Luo Zheng's mouth. Soul attacks could turn people into idiots and crush people's brains, but they wouldn't be injured.
Luo Zheng bit the tip of his tongue to keep himself awake.

Chapter 276
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still standing on the spot and still had the energy to speak, Wang Yun's pupils constricted slightly.
Although Wang Yun still had stronger moves that he could use, he never expected that Luo Zheng would be able to withstand it with his soul alone!
This was the pressure of a flood dragon!
The flood dragon bone spear in his hand was taken from the third segment of the flood dragon's spine, which was also the segment with the densest blood energy of the flood dragon.
Moreover, in order to forge this flood dragon bone spear, he even asked Wang Dai, one of the three Weapon Refining Grandmasters, to draw thirteen large and small runes on the surface of the bone spear. Six of the runes were to stimulate the bloodline pressure within the spear! The other seven runes were to amplify the power of the pressure within the spear!
Just the materials used for each rune alone amounted to 100,000 square crystals! Thirteen runes cost him one million and three hundred thousand square crystals!
How could this kid withstand such a powerful flood dragon's pressure?
At this moment, the shock in Wang Yun's heart far exceeded that of the onlooking disciples, because only he knew how terrifying this bone spear was.
"You've really surprised me," Wang Yun said with a hint of melancholy. After all, he had carefully prepared his attack and thought that he would be able to succeed easily. However, his opponent had still managed to block it. Under such circumstances, no one would be in a good mood. "However, there's a price for surprising me. Your soul has been severely injured. You should be proud that you were able to block three of my dragon roars. If I were to use a stronger attack, you would die or even turn into an idiot. I'll give you a chance to admit defeat!"
With Wang Yun's character, he would definitely not let Luo Zheng go so easily. Perhaps it was because Luo Zheng had withstood three of his dragon roars that Wang Yun's state of mind had changed a little. He actually gave Luo Zheng a chance to admit defeat.
"From what you're saying, you want me to admit defeat? Do I need to thank you?" Luo Zheng said after wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth.
"Yes, you're already an arrow at the end of its flight. You don't have the strength to fight me." Wang Yun shook his head.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Wang Yun, I admit that you do have the capital to be arrogant. Your capital is enough to make most of the disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect look up to you, and it's impossible for them to surpass you in this lifetime. However … there's always someone better. Perhaps the capital you rely on is not good enough in my opinion!"
Wang Yun raised his eyebrows slightly. Luo Zheng could still say such words under such circumstances. If he was not an idiot, then he really had something to rely on. Obviously, Luo Zheng could not be an idiot. Could it be that he really had a way to break my dragon's pressure?
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, six wisps of Heavenly Devil's vital essence Qi slowly condensed into six Heavenly devil phantoms.
In this battle, it was impossible for him to admit defeat. In order to set foot on the peak of the All-Peak Grand Competition, in order to go to the Blue Cloud Sect, he could not retreat because of this setback. Even if he now maintained a winning streak, it would not be a big deal if he lost a round in the Transmigration Competition. However, his martial arts were like this. He would never admit defeat!
Moreover, he had agreed to the request of Qinglong in his mind. He wanted to help that Qinglong swallow the bone spear.
Combining these two points, he absolutely had no reason to admit defeat.
"In that case, you can't blame me." The arrogance in Wang Yun's eyes gradually disappeared and was replaced by incomparable seriousness.
To be able to cultivate to this point and achieve such achievements, Wang Yun was also a top genius. He was arrogant because he relied on too much. However, Luo Zheng in front of him gave Wang Yun a feeling that he could not see through him. If Wang Yun was still so arrogant at this time, then Wang Yun would not be a genius, but a fool.
Luo Zheng was worthy of his attention, and an opponent that he would even go all out against!
The two top geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect began to move at the same time.
"Heavenly Demon Phantom, go!"
Under Luo Zheng's control, the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms suddenly spread out and surrounded Wang Yun from six different directions. In the blink of an eye, they arrived in front of Wang Yun.
Wang Yun glanced at the Heavenly Demon Phantoms indifferently. The bone spear in his hand spun for a while, and then he stabbed continuously.
"Puff puff puff puff puff!"
The bone spear stabbed six times, and each stab hit the center of the Heavenly Demon Phantom. Then, the Heavenly Demon Phantom was hit by the bone spear and exploded, turning into wisps of Heavenly Demon Vital Energy.
With the Heavenly Demon Phantom's strange ability, even after turning into Heavenly Demon Vital Energy, it could condense again. However, this time, it did not condense again. At the same time, the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy did not disappear, but continued to spread.
This was not because of Wang Yun, but because of Luo Zheng's intention.
The color of the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy was purple-black, and it had a strong ability to block light and vision. As the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy continued to spread, it quickly enveloped the center of the arena.
Their line of sight was blocked, and the surrounding Blue Cloud Sect disciples were also full of doubts.
"What the hell is Luo Zheng doing? How can we watch the fight if he spreads his Vital Energy? "
"What you said is interesting. A fight is a fight, not a performance. He is fighting with his life on the line, not a performance for you to see. You want to see a performance? There are so many actors in the Imperial Capital. You can find any famous actor and watch it all at once! "
"Luo Zheng doesn't admit defeat in this situation. He should still have a trump card. Who knows how many trump cards he has!"
Using the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy to block the surrounding vision was completely Luo Zheng's last resort.
Who told him to promise the Qinglong in his mind to swallow Wang Yun's bone spear?
No matter how he swallowed the bone spear, the process of swallowing it could not be exposed to the eyes of the audience.
The key point was that Luo Zheng had blocked the arena. He did not have the confidence to win against Wang Yun, so he could only use his full strength to fight!
Wang Yun looked at the rich Heavenly Demon Vital Energy around him, and then poured a trace of his Vital Energy into it.
In the blink of an eye, Wang Yun's Vital Energy was swallowed by the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy and then transformed into Heavenly Demon Vital Energy.
Wang Yun smiled faintly and said, "I've long heard that your Heavenly Demon Vital Energy can swallow other people's Vital Energy. It's really strange. It's comparable to my White Bone Spirit Concentration Technique. Although I don't know what you want to do by spreading the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy, let me remind you that it's all in vain. Next, I will only use one attack, and it will be my strongest attack to end this fight!"
Luo Zheng's figure was deeply immersed in the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy. His face and expression could not be seen clearly. At this moment, he silently took out the Flowing Light Sword.
From their point of view, this battle had already come to an end.
Wang Yun was the first to move. He gripped the Flood Dragon Bone Spear in his hand, and the runes engraved on the bone spear suddenly emitted a dazzling golden light. The True Essence in his body was pushed to the extreme. This was his strongest attack!
"Dragon Bone Chaotic Ghost Stab!"
The power was originally invisible, but that was only relative to ordinary people.
At this moment, Wang Yun extracted all of the dragon's might from the Flood Dragon Bone Spear and concentrated it on the tip of his bone spear. Under the illumination of the golden runes, the pressure that was condensed to the point of substance was plated with a layer of faint golden light that slowly lingered on the tip of the spear!
As Wang Yun thrust out the bone spear, a violent dragon roar sounded again. This dragon roar was twice as loud as the previous ones!
"Roar!"
Everyone heard the terrifying dragon roar coming from the center of the arena. However, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Vital Energy blocked the view, so no one could see the situation clearly.
"Luo Zheng couldn't withstand it before. This time, Luo Zheng is probably finished."
"Well, it's no longer a matter of victory or defeat. Luo Zheng might become an idiot."
"It wasn't easy for a super genius to appear in Xiao Yufeng, but in the end, he became an idiot in the All-Peak Competition. What a pity."
Hearing everyone's discussion, Mentor Wen's face turned a little pale. He was indeed worried about Luo Zheng's safety.
At this time, Zuo Yun had finished healing. He stood next to Mentor Wen and said, "Mentor Wen, don't listen to them. When did Luo Zheng not rely on his own strength to turn danger into safety?"
"That makes sense, but you also saw that Luo Zheng was injured by the three dragon roars. Now, this dragon roar may be accompanied by Wang Yun's attack. Can Luo Zheng dodge it?" Mentor Wen said with a gloomy expression. Luo Zheng was all his hope.
Zuo Yun could only let out a long sigh. In fact, he didn't have much confidence in himself. After all, Wang Yun's strength was incomparably strong, and the bone spear in his hand was beyond everyone's imagination. He could only say blankly, "Maybe … Luo Zheng has a way to turn danger into safety."
Zuo Yun himself didn't believe what he said …
However, just as Zuo Yun's voice fell, another dragon roar suddenly came from the fog formed by the purple-black Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence!
"Roar —"
This dragon's roar surpassed any of the previous dragon's roars!
It could even be said that this dragon's roar was completely different from the previous dragon's roar. If the previous dragon's roar was the roar of a child, then this dragon's roar was the roar of an adult full of energy!
The difference between them couldn't be described with words at all!
That roar contained an indescribable and unimaginable power. It was desolate, ancient, and noble …
Even if you exhausted all the human words, you wouldn't be able to describe one ten-thousandth of this dragon roar!
Elder Xu, who was using his Quintessential Essence to shield the dragon's power in the arena, suddenly changed his expression. At this moment, even he felt a strong threat!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 277
The word 'might' could be separated into power and aura. It could be said that it was an aura that contained power. A powerhouse could exert this kind of might to the extreme and use it to suppress or even attack an opponent.
However, strength and weakness were relative. Although the dragon's aura was powerful, it could never make a powerhouse like Elder Xu feel this way when it was activated by Wang Yun!
At this moment, Elder Xu was obviously not the only one who felt threatened. Elder Xu's strength was ranked first among the Blue Cloud Sect's elders, second only to the sect master and vice sect master.
If Elder Xu felt threatened, the others' situation would only be more exaggerated.
The referee presiding over the battle had already run far away from the battle arena before Wang Yun took out the bone spear.
Although the referee's strength was not weak, the battle between the two disciples could not be judged by common sense. He was not a fool. If he got involved in the aftermath of their battle, he would be the one who would suffer losses.
The problem was that even if the referee had the foresight to leave the battle arena, he was not spared.
In the dragon's roar, he felt someone hit his head with a sledgehammer. With a muffled groan, he lost consciousness and fell heavily to the ground.
The referee was the closest to the battle arena, so he was the most affected by the pressure emitted by the dragon's roar.
However, his situation was not much better than the disciples around the battle arena!
After all, the referee's strength had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, and there were many Xiantian Full Circle disciples who were watching the Sect Wide Competition.
Fortunately, Elder Xu's reaction was extremely fast. After feeling the unimaginable pressure contained in the dragon's roar, Elder Xu felt as if he was facing a great enemy. The vital essence in his body surged out like a waterfall!
The green vital essence was very strange. The moment the vital essence seeped into his arms, the wrinkles on his bark-like hands disappeared and were replaced by a pair of white and tender hands!
Elder Xu's cultivation method was biased towards the understanding of life force, which was why there was such a strange phenomenon of rejuvenation and a withered tree coming back to life.
In fact, even Elder Xu was a little depressed in his heart. He even found it a little funny. Two juniors fighting in the arena actually made him feel like he was facing a formidable enemy.
However, even though it was funny, he had no choice but to be serious at this moment. The might of the dragon's roar had spread out, and if they were not careful in dealing with it, a large number of the mountain's disciples would be seriously injured!
"Rise!" Elder Xu gave a light shout, and a green curtain of light instantly enveloped the periphery of the battle arena!
However, the power contained in this dragon's roar was not a direct attack, but a pressure contained in the soul. Elder Xu's green light curtain could not directly block it, and could only greatly reduce the power contained in the roar.
Even with Elder Xu's help, which greatly reduced the power of the dragon's roar, many disciples still felt dizzy. Those who were slightly weaker instantly fainted.
This time, even the direct disciples, including Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and Zhou Dan, who were all in the Divine Reflection Realm, turned pale. They had no choice but to circulate their cultivation methods to resist the pressure!
Pei Tianyao, who was still sitting in the same spot, had his eyes become empty. He clasped his hands together and finally muttered a chant. Six small golden balls appeared around his body, spinning continuously. He was determined to completely confine the power of the dragon's roar outside his body. Buddhist cultivation methods were broad and profound. Pei Tianyao naturally had his own unique points. Compared to Xie Yun and the others, his situation was naturally much better, but it could not be said to be easy …
As for Hua Tianming, at this moment, his eyes had turned fiery red. His right hand was tightly gripping the sword on his back. The sword that he had not pulled out from the beginning was his greatest reliance. At this moment, he was not standing in the arena, but there was a strong urge to pull out the sword in his heart. In the end, he resisted the urge. The strength of the sword was enough for him to deal with the dragon's roar.
Shi Jingtian once again walked down from the high platform.
His burly body walked over step by step, stepping on the air. He was like a general possessed by a god. At this moment, his face was unprecedentedly serious.
"What is going on? How can the dragon's roar have such an effect?" Shi Jingtian, who was always calm, finally revealed a puzzled expression.
Elder Xu shook his head, "This Wang Yun is really too powerful. He can actually activate the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear to such an extent. I'm afraid that Luo Zheng …"
"That's not right," Shi Jingtian shook his head. He had thought of many things, so he was more puzzled than Elder Xu, "This cannot be the dragon's roar."
Elder Xu thought too simply of this matter. He simply thought that the dragon's roar was the dragon's roar that erupted from the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear. However, Shi Jingtian did not think so.
It was not that the Jiao Dragon was unable to erupt such a dragon's roar. Although the dragon's roar was much stronger than the one that erupted in the arena, it was still extremely terrifying in the eyes of the younger generation, especially the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, in the eyes of Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu, it was not worth mentioning.
If a real Jiao Dragon roared, it would be enough to turn a small mountain into powder.
The power was not the key, but the concept that was released from the dragon's roar!
The aura that was contained in the dragon's roar gave people a soul-stirring feeling. It was as if it had transcended all life and stood at the highest level to look down on all living beings. This concept was not something a Jiao Dragon could achieve.
This was because the Jiao Dragon was not a Mythical Beast. It only possessed the bloodline of the Dragon Clan, which made the Jiao Dragon race close to being a Mythical Beast.
Shi Jingtian guessed that the dragon's roar came from a real Jiao Dragon! A real Jiao Dragon! A Mythical Beast that was close to being a God!
"It's not a Jiao Dragon?" Elder Xu was stunned. His eyes were filled with disbelief, "Could it be a real Jiao Dragon?"
Shi Jingtian nodded silently, "Yes, that's what I suspect."
"Impossible …" Elder Xu almost reflexively denied it. He had completely forgotten that he was talking to the Sect Leader, "A real Jiao Dragon is a product of legends. It is an illusory existence!"
The world was so big that there were all kinds of strange things. In this world, there were people who wanted to reach the peak of martial arts, and there were also people who liked to make up all kinds of legends.
Many years ago, there was a book called "The Complete Understanding of Divine Beasts" that was widely circulated in the market. This book was widely circulated, from the Central Region to the Eastern Region. Including the various pirated copies of the book, who knew how many copies had been sold.
And everyone's knowledge about the classification of Mythological Beasts and Super Mythological Beasts was basically obtained from this 《Mythological Beast Comprehension》.
According to the annotations in the book, the Jiao Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the White Tiger were the four Mythical Beasts. Other than these four Mythical Beasts, there were some unique and powerful races that could not form groups. For example, the Heaven-Swallowing Beast, the Nine-Coloured Phoenix, and so on could also be considered as Mythical Beasts.
As for the Mythical Beasts, there were the Kun Peng, the Blue Luan, the Nine-Coloured Deer, the Heavenly Rat …
This book was very magical. It even described a great battle between the Jiao Dragon and the Vermillion Bird. That battle caused the mountains and rivers to change, caused the stars to fall, and caused the heaven and earth to be turned upside down.
The content of the book was good, but many experts snorted at it. This was because the authenticity of the book could not be verified.
This kind of thing could only be considered as a biography and a novel. It could not be taken seriously. If you said that the Jiao Dragon was a Mythical Beast and that it existed, how could you prove it? What four Mythical Beasts? How could people believe in this kind of ranking?
However, the Jiao Dragon could prove it. This was because they did exist in the East, West, South, South, and Central Domains.
After being denied by Elder Xu, Shi Jingtian let out a long breath and said, "Ten years ago, I fought for the Cloud Hall. During a mission, I saw a Jiao Dragon. Although it was just a glimpse, the power that the Jiao Dragon emitted was enough to make me remember it for the rest of my life!"
"Sect Leader has seen a Jiao Dragon before?" Elder Xu was shocked. Although the Jiao Dragon was not a Mythical Beast, it possessed the bloodline of the Dragon Clan. It was an existence comparable to a Mythical Beast!
Shi Jingtian nodded and said, "Therefore, I remember that the aura that the Jiao Dragon emitted was the same as the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear of Wang Yun. At the very least, it was similar. That was the one that left a deep impression on me. I will not remember it wrongly."
Shi Jingtian paused for a moment before continuing, "However, the dragon's roar just now was completely different from the Jiao Dragon's roar. The concept was more profound by more than one level. It was a roar that was emitted by two completely different things."
Following Shi Jingtian's logic, Elder Xu was also immersed in the same doubts as Shi Jingtian. If that was the case, how did Wang Yun do it? How did he activate the Jiao Dragon's aura? Did he use the bone spear made from the Jiao Dragon's spine? That was impossible.
It was a pity that the Heavenly Demon's True Origin in the arena had completely covered the inside story!
The Heavenly Demon's True Origin was very special. It was impossible to see through it with one's eyes.
Therefore, at this time, Shi Jingtian could only wait for the Heavenly Demon's True Origin to dissipate.
In contrast, the other deacons were busy at this moment. They held a small bottle in their hands. Inside the bottle were elixirs that could nourish the soul. They would distribute an elixir to any disciple who felt uncomfortable under the Jiao Dragon's aura. As for those disciples who had fainted, they would be treated on the spot. The scene of the All-Peak Tournament was really busy.
Mentor Wen's situation was not much better under the Jiao Dragon's aura. His head was still buzzing.
However, at this moment, he was not worried about his soul being damaged. He was worried about Luo Zheng in the arena!
Just a trace of the Jiao Dragon's aura that was emitted from the arena had been filtered by Elder Xu's green light curtain. However, it was still able to injure Mentor Wen's soul …
Then, what would happen to Luo Zheng who was standing in the arena?

Chapter 278
Obviously, Teacher Wen was not the only one who was concerned about this issue.
Except for those disciples who had fainted, everyone else was closely watching the situation in the arena.
The wisps of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan slowly dissipated, and a slightly thin figure stood in the middle of the battlefield. This figure was not tall and sturdy, but it was filled with a sense of power. It was not tall, but it gave people a feeling of looking up to a mountain.
"Luo Zheng!" At this moment, Teacher Wen felt that his tears were about to burst out. The one standing was actually Luo Zheng!
"Inconceivable, inconceivable. Who can tell me what happened? Why is Luo Zheng standing, and Wang Yun lying on the ground? "
"You're asking me? I don't know either. I just want to say that I can no longer understand this battle. "
"It was clearly Wang Yun who used such a fierce dragon roar to attack Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was the one standing. This is incomprehensible!"
Obviously, the result of the battle was completely beyond everyone's imagination. They could no longer understand why such an unforeseen event had occurred.
Luo Zheng, who was holding the Flowing Light Sword, shook his head and exhaled deeply. The brilliance in his eyes became even brighter because his soul had been sublimated again.
Just now, when facing the [Dragon Bone Chaos Ghost Thrust], Luo Zheng could have withstood it with the Flowing Light Sword in his hand. However, when facing the Dragon Might attached to the [Dragon Bone Chaos Ghost Thrust], Luo Zheng felt that it was even more troublesome. Even if Luo Zheng went all out, he was afraid that he could only defeat Wang Yun in terms of moves. It was impossible for him to defeat Wang Yun because the Dragon Might was too terrifying.
Fortunately, the moment Luo Zheng drew his sword, the Qinglong in his mind cooperated with Luo Zheng's actions. The dragon roar instantly erupted, suppressing the Dragon Might in an instant, and at the same time, knocking Wang Yun unconscious.
As a result, Luo Zheng had sufficient time to summon the black flames in his body to devour the Dragon Bone Spear.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, after the black flames refined the Dragon Bone Spear, they did not obtain the Sky Evolution Essence, but drops of thick blood that could not be dissolved. However, the blood in the Dragon Bone Spear was completely different from human blood. Human blood would splatter when it fell to the ground, but the blood in the Dragon Bone Spear was like a small stone. When a drop of blood fell to the ground, it bounced up and down …
In the end, the black flames returned to Luo Zheng's mind through the few drops of blood to be devoured by the Qinglong.
At the same time, 2 rays of light suddenly shot out from the mysterious furnace. One of them entered Luo Zheng's mind, while the other entered Wang Yun's mind.
The Dragon Bone Spear contained a very mysterious power that could instantly heal soul damage. No matter how serious the soul damage was, it could be healed as long as the Dragon Bone Spear was gently swept by the Dragon Bone Spear. For example, when Luo Zheng first opened the Dragon Bone Spear, his soul was constantly on the verge of being annihilated, but the Dragon Bone Spear continuously healed his soul.
Just now, when the Azure Dragon released such a terrifying dragon roar, it probably caused irreversible damage to Wang Yun's brain. If it wasn't for this light, Wang Yun would probably become an idiot permanently.
The Dragon Bone Spear not only had the effect of healing the soul, but it could also strengthen the soul. Luo Zheng had a deep understanding of this.
After all, Luo Zheng had taken away the Dragon Bone Spear from Wang Yun. Now that Wang Yun's soul was strengthened, it could be considered a little compensation. But then again, how precious was something that could strengthen the soul? It was definitely not less precious than the Dragon Bone Spear. From this point of view, Wang Yun did not suffer a loss. However, whether he could accept it or not depended on himself.
Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light Sword and waved it towards the crowd, indicating that the battle was over.
The referee, who had been expressionless all this time, was very dedicated to his job. After faintly waking up, he swallowed a medicinal pill that nourished the soul and weakly announced, "Rain Peak's Luo Zhengsheng, personal disciple Wang Yun … has lost!"
Just as Luo Zheng was preparing to enter the arena, Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu descended once again.
"Sect Leader Shi, Elder Xu," Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards the two. What was to come would come. Luo Zheng also knew that he would not be able to leave so easily after making such a big commotion.
Until now, Shi Jingtian's expression was somewhat unnatural, and so was Elder Xu!
The two of them were the same as all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who were watching the All-Sect Tournament. They were full of doubts and mysteries.
Previously, Shi Jingtian thought that he could see through Luo Zheng. He was very clear about Luo Zheng's "Demonic God Fist". It was an inheritance from the Demon Clan, and a copy of it was stored in the Heavenly Book Pavilion. Later on, Luo Zheng borrowed it to read.
As for Luo Zheng's soul attack method, although the "Stun Spirit Thorn" was a Heaven Class Technique, it was just so-so in Shi Jingtian's eyes. However, it was indeed amazing that Luo Zheng could train his soul to such a level at such a young age.
As for Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger, it should be a broken ancient treasure that he obtained by chance. The grade of this treasure was hard to estimate, but Shi Jingtian did not pay much attention to it. As the Sect Leader, he would not covet the treasures of his disciples. Not to mention Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger, he would not even care about Wang Yun's Dragon Bone Spear.
Then there was Luo Zheng's mysterious "Fundamental Swordsmanship". This should be Luo Zheng's own comprehension. Such talent was also worthy of praise.
Above were Shi Jingtian's views on Luo Zheng. Such a genius was enough to move Shi Jingtian to recommend Luo Zheng to the Cloud Hall!
Shi Jingtian was sure that his evaluation of Luo Zheng was very accurate. Using the three levels of Heaven, Earth, and Mortal to measure a person's talent, Luo Zheng was at least a Heaven Class Genius. The word "at least" meant that Shi Jingtian had left some leeway in his estimation. It was possible that Luo Zheng would surpass the "Heaven Class Genius" measurement. It might be higher than his estimation.
However, no matter how talented or monstrous he was, it was impossible for him to remain unharmed after the dragon's roar!
Shi Jingtian had already used his perception to scan Luo Zheng. He did not feel any signs of decline in Luo Zheng's aura. Even his soul seemed to have become stronger. As the Sect Leader, if he could swear, he really wanted to say, "What the f * ck is going on? Who can tell me? "
"Luo Zheng, congratulations on winning this battle." Seeing that Shi Jingtian was not asking anything, Elder Xu asked, "Can you tell me what happened when you fell to the ground? Why is Wang Yun lying on the ground? "
"Elder Xu, your question is a bit strange. When two people fight in the arena, one of them will always be lying down. If it's not Wang Yun, then it's me. I don't know how to answer this question." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of slyness as he answered seriously.
Elder Xu laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "I asked too hastily. I want to know what happened when you were fighting just now."
"I'm not too sure about what happened just now. Wang Yun rushed towards me with his bone spear and used the 'Dragon Bone Chaotic Ghost Thrust'. I couldn't dodge it at that time and could only use my sword to fight back. At that moment, a terrifying dragon's roar suddenly erupted from Wang Yun's body. I felt dizzy, but right after the dragon's roar, a seven-colored glow appeared and Wang Yun fell to the ground. Strangely enough, after I was wrapped in that glow, the dizziness in my head actually disappeared …"
Since Luo Zheng had chosen to swallow Wang Yun's bone spear, he had already prepared this speech. His speech was seventy percent true and thirty percent false. The false and the true were mixed together, making it impossible to distinguish whether he was telling the truth or not.
"Seven-colored glow?" Elder Xu's mind raced. He was thinking about what kind of glow was so magical that it could actually heal an injured soul in an instant. One must know that even the elixirs used by the Blue Cloud Sect to heal souls were not immediately effective. If the soul was seriously injured, the elixir might not be effective! The soul was an extremely fragile thing, and it was very troublesome to repair it.
"Seven-colored glow? Could it be the glow emitted by the Seven Star Grass? Impossible, there can't be such a divine object in the Eastern Region. "Shi Jingtian also couldn't understand. The Seven Star Grass was a legendary plant. It was said that as long as one got close to the Seven Star Grass, it would emit a seven-colored glow that could heal one's Divine Soul. However, the appearance of this divine herb would inevitably cause the world to change colors. It was impossible to hide it. It was absolutely impossible for Luo Zheng or Wang Yun to have it.
Seeing that Shi Jingtian was successfully led astray by Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng laughed in his heart. At the same time, he said, "I don't know what's going on either. After all these things have happened, I still don't know how Senior Brother Wang Yun is now."
At this moment, a deacon had already checked Wang Yun's body and said, "Reporting to Sect Master Shi and Elder Xu, Wang Yun seems to be fine. He just fainted temporarily."
Sect Leader Shi nodded. He glanced at Luo Zheng and frowned deeply. After asking Luo Zheng a few questions, he found that the mysteries had not lessened, but rather, they had increased!
"I'll help Wang Yun wake up first and ask him!" Elder Xu's hand flashed with green True Essence. He walked to Wang Yun and poured the True Essence into Wang Yun's body.
After a while, Wang Yun blinked his eyes and slowly woke up. He asked, "Where am I?"

Chapter 279
Wang Yun had just woken up and was still in a daze, but when he stretched out his hand, he found that his Flood Dragon Bone Spear had disappeared!
"Where is my Flood Dragon Bone Spear?!" Wang Yun was shocked.
The Flood Dragon Bone Spear was an extremely important weapon to Wang Yun. After using it for a long time, it had developed a telepathic connection with the Flood Dragon Bone Spear. However, at this moment, Wang Yun couldn't feel the existence of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear.
"Wang Yun, did you put the weapon in the Sumeru Ring?" Elder Xu asked with a frown.
Elder Xu and Shi Jingtian also didn't see Wang Yun's Flood Dragon Bone Spear and thought that he had put it away.
"No!" Wang Yun also suspected that he remembered wrongly. He searched his Sumeru Ring but still couldn't find his Flood Dragon Bone Spear. "This is impossible! Why did my Flood Dragon Bone Spear disappear? "Wang Yun said while looking at Luo Zheng with a suspicious look in his eyes.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, indicating that he didn't know anything.
"Wang Yun, what happened when you were fighting with Luo Zheng? What was that last dragon roar all about? " Elder Xu asked again. Although he had just asked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's words didn't clear the doubts in his heart.
Wang Yun was trying to recall the whereabouts of his Flood Dragon Bone Spear, but the moment he fought with Luo Zheng, he was stunned by the dragon roar. He was also a little confused about the battle with Luo Zheng.
"I only remember that the moment I fought with Luo Zheng, there was a terrifying dragon roar. After that dragon roar broke out, my head went black and my consciousness became blurred. I have no impression of what happened after that." Wang Yun shook his head, apparently trying to recall.
Hearing Wang Yun's words, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. If Wang Yun insisted that the dragon roar was caused by him, he was afraid that he would be in some trouble today. After all, he had spread the Heavenly Demon True Essence to block the line of sight in advance. This point alone would arouse suspicion. Which one of Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu wasn't smart? It wouldn't be so easy to fool them.
"That dragon roar broke out from your Flood Dragon Bone Spear? Why was it so powerful? Could it be that your Jiao Dragon Bone Spear completely self-destructed at that moment, so it released such a powerful dragon roar? "Seeing that Wang Yun couldn't remember clearly, Elder Xu asked the speculation in his heart.
"Is that really the case?" Wang Yun was also a little uncertain. Although he couldn't remember what had happened, the dragon's roar at the end was far more powerful than the dragon's roar that he had triggered with the Flood Dragon Bone Spear. The shock that the dragon's roar gave him was like a red-hot branding iron that ruthlessly imprinted on his heart. It was probably something that he would never be able to erase in his lifetime.
The question was, where did that dragon roar come from?
Wang Yun still remembered that when the Weapon Refining Grandmaster Wang Dai had forged the Flood Dragon Bone Spear for him, he had told him that this section of the Flood Dragon's spine still contained a trace of the Flood Dragon's remnant soul. However, the Flood Dragon's spine and the remnant soul had a history of tens of thousands of years. With the passage of time, this remnant soul was on the verge of collapse and was very weak.
However, Wang Dai didn't disperse this remnant soul. Instead, he used an array to seal it. From Wang Dai's point of view as a Weapon Refining Grandmaster, he felt that this remnant soul had long lost the ability to resist. If it was sealed within, it could increase the spirituality of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear.
Could it be that the remnant soul had broken the seal at this time and then chose to self-destruct?
Thinking of this, Wang Yun told Elder Xu his thoughts.
Elder Xu nodded. This explanation was the closest to the truth so far. However, there was still a big doubt about it, and that was the problem of the multicolored light. Elder Xu asked, "Wang Yun, did you see the multicolored light entering your mind?" Wang Yun nodded.
"Multicolored light?" Wang Yun was a little confused. Naturally, he couldn't see the multicolored light after he fainted.
"Didn't you feel that your soul has become stronger?" Elder Xu asked.
"My soul?" Wang Yun immediately felt the difference when Elder Xu reminded him. His soul seemed to be more stable and sharper! In other words, his soul had become stronger!
With the means of the Blue Cloud Sect, they could only produce some soul-nourishing elixirs. These elixirs had a certain restorative effect on the soul. If one wanted to strengthen the soul, they would probably have to consume them for decades and the effects would be minimal. However, Wang Yun's soul strength had increased by a lot in an instant. How could Wang Yun not be happy?
Due to the loss of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear, he was very dispirited and depressed.
If it were anyone else, they would have fainted again due to heartache. However, not only was Wang Yun extremely talented, but his luck was also very exuberant! Although the loss of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear was indeed a blow to him, Wang Yun was confident that he could obtain a better inheritance by relying on his luck.
For example, after Wang Yun's Flood Dragon Bone Spear exploded, his soul had made great progress. In contrast, he was more willing to contribute the Flood Dragon Bone Spear to strengthen his soul. After all, there were too few methods to strengthen the soul and it was too difficult.
As for weapons, they were just worldly possessions. In the future, there might be better weapons.
However, he didn't know that the reason why his soul was strengthened was because of the luck that Luo Zheng gave him. Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so bored as to reveal this matter to him.
After Elder Xu asked twice, he didn't have a good explanation, so he could only drop the matter.
However, before Shi Jingtian left, he took a deep look at Luo Zheng. Although Shi Jingtian didn't see anything wrong from the beginning to the end, his intuition told him that this matter must be closely related to Luo Zheng.
However, Shi Jingtian was only guessing. After all, Luo Zheng was his disciple. Even if he had some secrets, it was his own great opportunity. Shi Jingtian didn't have anything to interfere with.
The impact of this battle was too great.
It could be said that except for Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and a few other disciples, almost all of the disciples were affected to some extent.
Many disciples' souls were damaged and they had to take soul-nourishing medicines. Fortunately, Elder Xu acted in time. Otherwise, the consequences would be unimaginable.
After some adjustments, the referee in the arena was changed, and the All-Peak Grand Competition continued!
Wang Yun's defeat shocked too many people. Luo Zheng also rose to a terrifying height in everyone's mind.
How many people could remain unscathed under a dragon's roar of that level? Many people felt that the first place of this year's All-Peak Competition would be Luo Zheng.
However, there were also people who held opposing views.
Pei Tianyao's strength was unfathomable. Hua Tianming still hadn't drawn his sword. The first place of the Green Cloud Leaderboard, Li Yifeng, still hadn't appeared!
Luo Zheng was able to withstand that terrifying dragon roar. Indeed, it proved that his soul was exceptionally tyrannical. But, so what?
During a battle, it wasn't only the soul that mattered. The most important thing was the use of martial arts and true essence. Everyone's characteristics were different. You couldn't say that Luo Zheng's soul was the strongest. He relied on this to take first place in the All-Peak Competition. No matter how strong his soul was, could it withstand Hua Tianming's sword? No matter how strong his soul was, could it break through Pei Tianyao's defense?
Therefore, many disciples still thought that the true winner of the All-Peak Competition hadn't been decided yet!
In addition to these three people, the Reincarnation Competition continued. Now, with the progress of the competition, the rankings of the major peaks were basically determined.
Because the top three disciples were Hua Tianming of Tianyi Peak and Luo Zheng of Xiao Yufeng, the first and second place of the thirty-three peaks would be decided by these two people.
In other words, Xiao Yufeng, who was originally last place, would definitely be in the top two of the thirty-three peaks! If Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming, then Xiao Yufeng would jump from last place to first place!
The ranking of the thirty-three peaks would bring earth-shattering changes to Xiao Yufeng. This change wouldn't only come from the increase in the inner and outer sect monthly income and the increase in the rewards of medicinal pills. Xiao Yufeng's status as a disciple would also undergo a qualitative change! Moreover, the Blue Cloud Sect's resources would increase the intensity of the resources. They would build a cultivation mystic realm on Xiao Yufeng. There were so many different kinds of benefits that it was difficult to describe.
Therefore, even if the final battle situation and results weren't out, the entire Xiao Yufeng was already boiling.
Whether it was the inner or outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng, their eyes were shining with excitement. When Xiao Yufeng was selected as the last place of the thirty-three peaks, many disciples were very dispirited. But who would have thought that? A miraculous disciple appeared on Xiao Yufeng. Luo Zheng, who was only at Xiantian stage two, relied on his own strength to forcibly bring Xiao Yufeng into the top two!
This result was a result that Xiao Yufeng's disciples didn't dare to imagine, but it really happened in front of them.
Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, Mo Can, and the others' eyes were also shining with excitement. As Luo Zheng's good friends, they, like many Xiao Yufeng's disciples, were proud of Luo Zheng and felt honored.
Although they had seen Luo Zheng's strength and recognized in their hearts that Luo Zheng was extraordinary, they believed that Luo Zheng could achieve a good result! At the beginning of the All-Peak Competition, they thought that Luo Zheng could at least enter the top 100. However, Luo Zheng easily crossed the top 100, and then the eightieth, the fiftieth, the twentieth, the tenth, the fifth, the top three …
Every step Luo Zheng took was a miracle. If the All-Peak Competition was a drama full of miracles, then the final chapter of this drama would prove that Luo Zheng was the real miracle child!
Mentor Wen's eyes were full of gratification. For him, this was enough, too much! Xiao Yufeng was ranked second among the thirty-three peaks. This ranking already satisfied him to the point that he couldn't be more satisfied.
"In the past, Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, also brought Jade Maiden Peak to the second place with her own strength. I didn't expect Luo Zheng to replicate this miracle three years later." A Xiao Yufeng's mentor sighed.
Mentor Wen shook his head and said, "It's not the same. Luo Zheng is more powerful than Luo Yan!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 280
Luo Yan was undoubtedly a genius. Whether it was her cultivation speed or talent, she was better than Luo Zheng. When she participated in the All-Peak Competition, Luo Yan had already stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm. At that time, she was not even fifteen years old.
Luo Zheng was seventeen years old and was only at Xiantian Stage Two. In terms of cultivation speed, Luo Zheng was far behind Luo Yan.
But in terms of real combat power, Luo Zheng was more than one level stronger than Luo Yan.
This was because in the previous All-Peak Competition, the peak disciples did not achieve such good results.
Not to mention the top three, even the top five were all occupied by the pro-disciples!
But this year's competition was far more intense than any previous All-Peak Competition. Two of the top three actually came. As for the peak disciples, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming! And these two people were not in the Divine Reflection Realm! This was simply the first time in history. In the previous All-Peak Competition, it was simply unimaginable.
And this year, not only did the two dark horses, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, create miracles, even the peak disciples, such as Xie Yun, Wu Xie, Zhu Fanhai, Quan Xiaoyan, and the other peak disciples also completely defeated many of the pro-disciples.
It could be said that this year's peak disciples had already suppressed the pro-disciples!
And among the pro-disciples, only one person could stand up and carry the banner, and that was Pei Tianyao.
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng..." Instructor Xu of Tianyi Peak murmured this name silently.
Instructor Xu's memory was not bad. Of course, he remembered that when Luo Zheng entered the Bloody Mountain to train, not only did he kill Fang Yushu and other experts, but he also killed the only Level Five phantom beast on the Bloody Mountain! He had obtained the only Black Crystal Shard! Since the establishment of Blood Color Mountain, there had never been a disciple who had obtained the Black Crystal Shard!
Therefore, at that time, Instructor Xu was determined to get Luo Zheng. He was determined to invite Luo Zheng under Tianyi Peak. For this, he did not hesitate to argue with Su Lingyun!
Unfortunately, Su Lingyun seemed to have used some means to bribe Luo Zheng first. She actually made Luo Zheng willingly join Xiao Yufeng.
Tutor Xu, who was one step behind, could only think maliciously in his heart. Luo Zheng was indeed an unpolished gem, but did your number one, Xiao Yufeng, have the ability to sculpt him?
In the end, Luo Zheng appeared out of nowhere and shone brilliantly in the Peak Wide Competition. He even became the key opponent of Tianyi Peak's most valiant disciple, Hua Tianming!
If, if he could give Instructor Xu another chance, he would definitely offer a higher price at the Bloody Mountain. No matter what, he would take Luo Zheng into Tianyi Peak! Because Luo Zheng was not an unpolished gem at all. He was gold! There was no need to sculpt him. He would not be buried no matter where he was placed. He would shine no matter where he was placed!
If he missed it, he missed it. Who asked Su Lingyun to beat him to it? Instructor Xu sighed in his heart and shook his head. Fortunately, their Tianyi Peak still had Hua Tianming. Hua Tianming's strength and potential were not inferior to Luo Zheng. It was still unknown who would win.
Now that the Transmigration Competition was going on round after round, the number of disciples who were eliminated in the drawing box was increasing. Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, and Luo Zheng, the probability of the three of them drawing each other was also increasing.
Under everyone's attention, the deacon conducted another round of drawing lots. After taking out the name list of the lots and handing it over to the referee, the referee immediately announced. "Tianyi Peak, Hua Tianming versus Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng!"
"It's finally here!"
"The battle between the two super geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect! I feel like my blood is boiling! "
"Will Hua Tianming draw his sword? I really want to see his sword. What does it look like? Hurry up and draw your sword! "
Hua Tianming's expression was very calm as he slowly walked towards the arena. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, walked briskly, looking very relaxed.
After the two stood face to face, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "They all want to see your sword. Don't tell me you're not planning on not drawing your sword for the entire competition?"
Hua Tianming shook his head and said, "I said before that I won't draw my sword because I don't need to. I'm not pretending to be mysterious."
"Then what about now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course I'll draw my sword." Hua Tianming finished speaking. He stretched out his slender fingers and held the sword on his back. Inch by inch, he gently pulled it out.
"After waiting for so long, Hua Tianming finally drew his sword. It turns out that Luo Zheng is the opponent he values!"
"What kind of sword is it? I really can't wait! "
All the disciples stared unblinkingly at Hua Tianming.
When Hua Tianming pulled out the sword, the crowd suddenly burst into an uproar.
"What kind of sword is this? It's rusty? How can a sword rust? "
"It can't be an ordinary iron sword, right? My God, Hua Tianming has been carrying such a piece of junk all this time? "
"Hmph, with your standards, you naturally think it's a piece of junk. With Hua Tianming's strength, why would he carry such a piece of junk on his back?"
"You really know how to talk. Then tell me, what kind of peerless sword can rust?"
Hua Tianming indeed pulled out a rusty sword.
With the standards of the Eastern Region's weapon refinement, even profound weapons could be stored for decades without rusting. If a spiritual weapon was properly maintained, it could be stored for hundreds of years without rusting. Immortal weapons could be stored for an even longer period of time, measured in thousands of years.
A sword that didn't rust didn't mean that it was a good sword, but a rusty sword was destined to be a bad sword.
However, the strongest swordsman of the Blue Cloud Sect's younger generation used a rusty sword. This made the long-awaited Blue Cloud Sect disciples somewhat unable to accept it.
Hua Tianming ignored the discussion below the arena. He slowly raised the rusty sword and pointed the tip at the ground. "This sword of mine is called Corrosive Blood. The red mark on this sword is not rust, but blood. A blood mark that hasn't disappeared even after thousands of years."
Hua Tianming's words moved Luo Zheng slightly. The disciples who had mocked Hua Tianming for taking out a rusty sword out of disappointment were also shocked.
What kind of blood wouldn't disappear after thousands of years?
If the blood of an ordinary human was spattered on a sword, it would quickly dry up and form bloodstains. However, after a period of time, the bloodstains would fade and eventually dissipate into the air. The bloodstains would not last for more than three years!
However, the bloodstains on Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword had actually lasted for thousands of years? Could it be the blood of some mythical beast?
"How did this bloodstain get left behind?" Luo Zheng was also very curious. He could faintly feel that the bloodstain exuded an extraordinary aura.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "I'm not sure, but this Corrosive Blood Sword is very helpful to my swordsmanship. It even produced a trace of spirituality and is connected to my mind. I'm telling you this because you are also a swordsman."
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. This Hua Tianming was really interesting. Thus, Luo Zheng also took out his longsword from his spatial ring. With a "zeng" sound, the Flowing Light Longsword was unsheathed.
"This sword of mine is called 'Flowing Light'. It's a low-grade immortal tool. The blade was forged by Luozi," Luo Zheng slowly said.
"This sword was forged by Luozi?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
As a swordsman, Hua Tianming was very concerned about all kinds of treasured swords. When Luo Zheng took out this Flowing Light Longsword during the last battle, Hua Tianming felt that it was somewhat familiar. It was almost exactly the same as one of the treasured swords on the second floor of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion that Luozi had yet to complete.
However, that treasured sword had yet to be completely condensed, so Hua Tianming suspected that he had seen wrongly.
Hearing Luo Zheng say that this Flowing Light Longsword was forged by Luozi, Hua Tianming immediately confirmed that this Flowing Light Longsword was definitely the same as the treasured sword on the second floor of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion!
However, that treasured sword had yet to be condensed. How could it have been promoted to an immortal tool?
Hua Tianming immediately asked this question. "If I remember correctly, this sword should be one of the three weapons forged by Luozi during his lifetime. Without Luozi's refinement, this sword can only be regarded as an unfinished product. Who did you find to complete the final refinement process?"
The remaining three tool refiners simply didn't have the ability to refine this immortal tool. Hua Tianming was curious. He immediately added, "I'm just curious. I want to know who in the Eastern Region can refine an immortal tool and even help Luozi complete his posthumous work. If you find it difficult to answer, you can choose not to answer. "
Generally speaking, tool refiners were more familiar with the weapons they personally refined. It was easier for them to infuse their understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination into the weapon.
It was even more difficult for others to refine Che Daozi's unfinished sword into an immortal tool!
At least, no one in the Eastern Region had this ability.
Hearing Hua Tianming's question, everyone became curious. It seemed that there was a story behind this. As disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, they had more or less heard of the legend of Che Daozi. Naturally, many of them knew that Che Daozi had left behind an unfinished work before his death.
Therefore, they also wanted to know the answer.
"Hehe, I refined this sword on Dipping Fire Peak," Luo Zheng answered truthfully after thinking for a while. Hua Tianming was very frank, so he naturally wouldn't hide anything. Besides, Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of this matter spreading. Since he had chosen to participate in the All-Peak Competition, Luo Zheng was gathering momentum. As long as he gathered enough momentum, perhaps many problems would be easily solved. Su Lingyun's problems, Luo Yan's problems, and his own problems.
"You refined it on your own? And on Dipping Fire Peak? "Hua Tianming's pupils shrank sharply.
Luo Zheng nodded. "To be precise, I refined it with the help of the crafting furnace on Dipping Fire Peak."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, there was an uproar in the arena.
"No way! Luo Zheng refined an immortal tool on his own? Then isn't he at the level of a tool refiner? "
"Don't hit my fragile nerves again. A tool refiner? Can you not be so exaggerated?"
"Could it be that he's bragging? A person's energy is always limited. His cultivation of martial arts is already so abnormal, but he can still refine an immortal tool on his own … "
"It's not easy to brag about this, is it? It's easy to find out. There are so many disciples on Dipping Fire Peak. It's not worthwhile for Luo Zheng to tell such a low-level lie. "
Hearing this, Shi Jingtian took a deep breath and glanced at Elder Xu next to him.
Elder Xu immediately nodded and said, "I'll arrange for people to go to Dipping Fire Peak to find out …"
A tool refiner was very important even to the Blue Cloud Sect. It was no wonder that Shi Jingtian attached great importance to it.
"Quickly send people to find out and then quickly report back. However, I don't think the result is important anymore." Shi Jingtian sighed and shook his head.
Elder Xu asked, "Sect Master, do you believe Luo Zheng's words? Did he really refine it on his own?"
"What about you?" Shi Jingtian asked.
"I believe him." Elder Xu smiled.
Shi Jingtian pointed at Elder Xu. He didn't know what to say about Luo Zheng's monstrous talent. Finally, he said, "I believe him too. This guy has given me too many surprises. Let alone refining an immortal tool, I'll believe you if you say he's the reincarnation of an immortal!"

Chapter 281
Elder Xu was stunned by Shi Jingtian's words. His evaluation of Shi Jingtian was too high.
Shi Jingtian was someone who worked for the Cloud Hall. His knowledge had exceeded the entire Eastern Region. It could be said that he had seen the entire Great Thousand World.
Just the Eastern Region alone had hundreds of millions of people, and the Central Region was more than ten times larger than the Eastern Region. Even if the five regions were added together, they were not conspicuous in the Great Thousand World. They could only be considered a small corner of the world outside the main continent!
The number of humans in the Great Thousand World was like sand in the ocean. It was difficult to measure them.
How many geniuses were there in such large numbers? Luo Zheng's talent was high and his luck was strong. However, it did not mean that there was no one stronger than him.
Elder Xu was also shocked by Luo Zheng's performance. These juniors were all monstrous. However, he could not accept Shi Jingtian's evaluation. The reincarnation of an immortal? What kind of concept was that?
Seeing Elder Xu's expression, Shi Jingtian smiled faintly and said, "It's just a joke. Elder Xu, don't take it seriously."
"…" Elder Xu was someone who had lived for more than a hundred years. When he heard the Sect Leader's joke, he could not react in time.
"However, Luo Zheng is really special. His Luo Family did not have any great figures. Regardless of background or bloodline, they were all ordinary. However, in this generation, there was a Luo Yan with a special physique. Now, there is a powerful Luo Zheng. Don't you think that this coincidence is a little strange?" Shi Jingtian said.
Elder Xu shook his head and said, "This coincidence is indeed praiseworthy. However, I can't see the strangeness."
Shi Jingtian looked at the arena. Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword reflected the sunlight. Shi Jingtian then said, "Actually, I can't see it either. I just feel that there must be a reason for this arrangement. Regardless of whether Luo Zheng is a hidden dragon or not, his current performance is enough for me to give him a push! If he achieves something in the Cloud Hall in the future, it will be extremely beneficial to me. "
Although it was difficult to enter the sects in the Great Wide World, they welcomed true geniuses with open arms. After all, if a sect wanted to develop and grow, it had to constantly discover and nurture geniuses and enter a virtuous cycle.
If Luo Zheng were to achieve something in the future, Shi Jingtian would also benefit greatly from the Cloud Hall.
Elder Xu nodded silently. As an elder, he naturally had no right to comment on the Sect Master's arrangements. Usually, Sect Master Shi was elusive and secretive. Since he was willing to talk to him so much, it was already considered as him opening his heart to his subordinate.
In the arena, Hua Tianming did not speak for three breaths of time. He really needed time to digest the shock brought to him by Luo Zheng.
After three breaths of time, Hua Tianming said, "I, Hua Tianming, started to practice swordsmanship at the age of six. At the age of ten, I comprehended the Small Success of Sword Intent. At the age of thirteen, I reached the Great Success of Sword Intent. At the age of sixteen, I broke through to the Peak of Xiantian Realm. Even those who have just entered the Divine Realm are not my opponents. In the Eastern Region, there are very few people that I admire. Pei Tianyao is the first, and you, Luo Zheng, are the second! In this battle, I will go all out and will not hold back. "
Luo Zheng nodded, "Let's start."
Between two peerless geniuses, there was no need for any psychological attack. In the face of absolute strength, both of their hearts were incomparably firm, as steady as a rock. They would not be affected by each other's anger. Moreover, a swordsman had to walk the path of justice. When exchanging pointers with each other, their words would not be too harsh.
"Weng!"
Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword slightly tilted, and a sword cry was heard. Immediately, he moved with strange sword steps.
Looking at Hua Tianming's figure, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a touch of admiration. He had to admit that Hua Tianming's understanding of swordsmanship was much deeper than his own.
After all, Luo Zheng had not practiced swordsmanship for a long time. Although he had comprehended the Sword Intent, and had even caught up with Hua Tianming, he could not be like Hua Tianming, who had completely integrated himself with his sword.
Hua Tianming's sword steps became faster and faster, and a cyclone of Sword Qi appeared under his feet.
"Me too!"
Luo Zheng also moved with his sword steps.
Although Luo Zheng had relied on Hua Tianming's sword steps to learn his own sword steps, there were still subtle differences between the two's sword steps.
Hua Tianming's sword steps were delicate and soft. If one looked carefully, each step was extremely precise. It was neither long nor short, and it was exactly the same distance as the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand. However, although his sword steps looked gentle, they were filled with hidden killing intent. Once they revealed their sharpness, that sharpness was unstoppable!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's sword steps were somewhat casual, but there was a hint of naturalness in them. Each step was not as soft as Hua Tianming's, but it was more domineering and powerful!
The two's footsteps constantly crisscrossed in the arena, both looking for the other's flaws and mistakes.
However, at this point in their cultivation, both of them were able to maintain an extremely good state of mind, and it was difficult for any flaws to appear.
This kind of crisscrossing sword steps was very beautiful, as if it were a performance. The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect also shouted repeatedly.
"This … is too gorgeous!"
"It's a feast for the eyes. If I can make such sword steps one day, I'm afraid there won't be a match for me within the Xiantian realm!"
"Hmph, if you want to learn sword steps, you have to comprehend sword intent. If you can comprehend sword intent, naturally there won't be a match for you within the Xiantian realm. But do you think you have a chance?"
Just as the crowd was discussing, Hua Tianming took the lead to break the balance and launched an attack.
He slid over, as if his feet were smeared with oil. With this step, thirteen sword intent cyclones shot towards Luo Zheng.
Among them, there were six sword intent cyclones in front of him, three on both sides, and the last one cut down from the sky, sealing off all directions for Luo Zheng.
"Good timing." Facing the thirteen sword intent cyclones, Luo Zheng also slid over, kicking out four sword intent cyclones. However, although his sword intent cyclones were not as numerous as Hua Tianming's, each cyclone was larger and more domineering.
"Pu pu pu pu pu …"
The two sword intent cyclones collided, destroying each other. There was no clear winner.
And at this moment, Hua Tianming made his move.
Hua Tianming's methods had always been like this. Either he didn't make a move, or once he made a move, he would never give his opponent any chance to take a breather.
"Megrez Sword!"
This was Hua Tianming's first move!
The moment this move was made, his entire aura suddenly changed, and the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand became extremely blurry.
What was even stranger was that Hua Tianming's move was clearly from the bottom to the top, but it gave Luo Zheng an extremely strong sense of oppression, as if the heavens were pressing down on him.
"He's practicing 《Heavenly Sword》? He can actually borrow power? "
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Obviously, at this moment, Hua Tianming seemed to be borrowing the power of the Heavenly Dao to oppress him.
The Heavenly Dao was vast, how broad and profound was it? Millions of generations of Qiongqi humans couldn't see through the heavens! And the power of the heavens was even more powerful. Who could resist the pressure of the heavens?
However, Hua Tianming seemed to be borrowing a trace of the power of the Heavenly Dao, but his strength was still insufficient. He hadn't even touched the threshold of the power of the Heavenly Dao, only possessing a little bit of the concept.
But even this trace of the power of the Heavenly Dao, a little bit of the concept, was extremely terrifying. It actually gave Luo Zheng a great sense of oppression, so much so that Luo Zheng was a little breathless.
"Hua Tianming is indeed very strong, but … the so-called borrowing power is ultimately something borrowed. It can't be controlled, but my own sword moves are completely under my control!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't choose to retreat. Instead, he chose to backhand his sword, still using a basic sword technique. "Sword Slash!"
It was a simple arc, the most basic movement, but the power contained in this sword was beyond anyone's imagination!
The Great Dao was simple, and all roads led to the same destination. No matter how you changed, you couldn't escape from the simplest sword move.
"Ping!"
The two swords collided, emitting a crisp sound.
Many swordsmen would choose to retreat if they didn't gain the upper hand with a single sword move, and then plan for an even fiercer attack.
At this moment, the two of them had no intention of retreating at all.
"Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping!"
In the blink of an eye, the two of them exchanged seven or eight swords. They fought with speed, dazzling and breathtaking.
The two of them appeared very calm, as if they weren't fighting with swords, but sitting face to face and playing a game of Go.
Compared to the two of them in the arena, the disciples outside the arena were even more nervous.
Among martial artists, swordsmen were kings, so most of them practiced the sword.
At this moment, as the two of them fought, many of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect didn't even dare to breathe loudly! Some of the swordsmen even clenched their fists, beads of sweat the size of soybeans rolling down their foreheads.
As swordsmen, they were the ones who gained the most insight from watching the battle!
If they were to watch the battles of those who were at the peak of the Soul Illumination Realm or even higher, these disciples wouldn't understand at all, let alone understand.
This was because although Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were strong, they weren't much stronger than them. As long as they understood the mysteries, it would be a kind of improvement for them, a kind of enlightenment. Some swordsmen would even break through under such circumstances!
"Fifty swords …"
"One hundred swords …"
"One hundred and fifty swords …"
"Sigh …"
Hua Tianming let out a sigh, and then quietly floated to the back.
In a pure contest of sword moves, he couldn't gain the upper hand in front of Luo Zheng, so a contest of sword moves was meaningless.
Luo Zheng's Basic Sword Technique contained the power of simplicity. When it was simple to the extreme, it actually became complicated. These two weren't contradictory products!
Therefore, Hua Tianming couldn't see through Luo Zheng's Basic Sword Technique!
Hua Tianming, who had just stood still, drew a circle with the sword in his hand, and repeatedly emitted True Essence. The True Essence and sword intent entangled with each other, causing the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand to hum.
"Brilliant Sword Seed, split light and darkness! I'm not a scoundrel, I'll use the Righteous Dao to prove the Heavens! "
A tremendous aura spread out from Hua Tianming's body. At this moment, Hua Tianming seemed to have changed into a different person, as if he was the representative of the Heavens in the mortal world! As if he was the son of the Heavens!

Chapter 282
The sword technique that Hua Tianming cultivated was called Heavenly Sword. Heavenly Sword was not a Heaven-tier cultivation technique, nor was it an Earth-tier cultivation technique. It was not even a Mystic-tier or Mortal-tier cultivation technique because Heavenly Sword did not have a tier at all!
This cultivation technique was very special. It only had one diagram, and this diagram was called Heavenly Sword Diagram.
875 years ago, Heavenly Sword Diagram appeared out of nowhere and set off a reign of terror in the Eastern Region.
Several landowning clans, Burning Sky Palace, Blue Cloud Sect, and various experts strolling in the Eastern Region County all moved out one after another in order to obtain this "Heavenly Sword Diagram". It was rumored that this "Heavenly Sword Diagram" contained a supreme divine ability, and if it was refined in a single day, it would be able to achieve Dao and ascend!
In order to snatch this' Heavenly Sword Diagram ', countless heroes had died.
In the end, the Blue Cloud Sect took action and obtained the Heavenly Sword Diagram. Later, it was sent to Burning Sky Palace.
Many martial artists gnashed their teeth in hatred. However, whether it was the Blue Cloud Sect or Burning Sky Palace, they could not afford to offend them. They did not dare to enter Burning Sky Palace to snatch it.
However, a year later, a rubbing of the Heavenly Sword Diagram appeared on the market! Moreover, this rubbing plate was circulated from within the Burning Sky Palace.
As for why it came from Burning Sky Palace, no one knew. However, even if it was a rubbing, it was still crazily snatched by those martial artists! If they could not snatch it, they would spend a high price to buy it. The price of a rubbing of the Heavenly Sword Diagram was even raised to 10,000 gold taels!
This price was nothing to martial artists, but in the eyes of ordinary people, it was extremely shocking.
Therefore, many clans and merchants also spent a high price to buy rubbing. They would make a rubbing themselves and then sell it.
It could be said that at that time, almost everyone in the Eastern Region had a copy of the Heavenly Sword Diagram. Therefore, the price of the Heavenly Sword Diagram began to plummet. It fell from 10,000 gold taels to worthless.
One of the reasons was that too many people had rubbed the Heavenly Sword Diagram. It was originally just a piece of paper.
More importantly, those cultivators realized that they couldn't comprehend the Heavenly Sword from the Heavenly Sword Diagram ….
They couldn't understand the Heavenly Sword Diagram at all, nor did they know what it was.
After the martial artists realized that they had been deceived, they naturally discarded this Heavenly Sword Diagram like a pair of worn-out clogs, throwing it away like a piece of scrap paper.
From this point of view, Heavenly Sword was probably the most widely circulated cultivation method in the Eastern Region.
However, it wasn't that this cultivation method couldn't be cultivated. It was just that the requirements for comprehension and talent were too high, too high.
However, the Eastern Region was vast, and among the billions of humans, there were bound to be a few outliers who succeeded.
They were Zhu Kun from 633 years ago, Xuanyuan Daoyi from 400 years ago, and Ao Zhiyuan from 100 years ago.
However, although the three of them were talented, they had only managed to cultivate three swords. They were the Megrez Sword, the Dubhe Sword, and the Merak Sword.
Since ancient times, after so many generations, only three people had successfully cultivated it. Moreover, they had only managed to cultivate three swords of the 'Heavenly Sword'. From this, one could imagine how difficult it was to cultivate the 'Heavenly Sword'. This was also the reason why the 'Heavenly Sword Diagram' was so common that no martial artist would choose such a powerful cultivation method. This was because ordinary people simply could not cultivate it!
But today, after 875 years, it had happened! Hua Tianming had successfully cultivated it!
"The fourth sword! It's actually the fourth sword! Hua Tianming has successfully cultivated the fourth sword of the 'Heavenly Sword', the Phecda Sword! Holy sh * t, the first person in 800 years to do so! "
"It's true! And Hua Tianming doesn't seem to have simply cultivated the fourth sword. He seems to want to use all four swords at the same time. In other words, he fused the four swords into a sword seed, and then activated it to combine the four swords into one! "
"Luo Zheng is in danger. The sword technique of the 'Heavenly Sword' borrows the power of heaven. Everyone who can cultivate the 'Heavenly Sword' is a person favored by heaven. It can be said that they are the children of heaven. Once these four swords are used, Luo Zheng will definitely lose!"
"I originally thought that Luo Zheng would be stronger, but I didn't expect that in front of Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng still doesn't have a chance!"
A small illusory seed suddenly bloomed in front of Hua Tianming, and then a thin line appeared on top of his head. That thin line suddenly shot into the sky, and in an instant, a huge cyclone appeared in the sky. The cyclone poured down towards the ground as soon as it appeared.
This cyclone was like mercury pouring down on the ground, slowly dissipating into the surroundings. This was the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth!
The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth was very violent before it was refined and transformed into the True Essence within the body of a warrior. But because it was not refined, the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth contained a trace of the power of heaven.
In fact, once a warrior cultivated to a higher level and a more powerful realm, he could freely use the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
However, Hua Tianming was at the Xiantian Full Circle stage, so it was impossible for him to directly use the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. The 'Heavenly Sword' also did not 'use' the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. It was merely 'borrowing'.
But even if it was borrowing, it was enough to display full power.
"Four Swords in One!"
A faint illusory sword intent appeared around Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword. He was using the sword intent to bind the power of heaven within it, and then he stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
Sword moves were important, but in the face of absolute strength, they were meaningless.
When this sword stabbed out, it was as if the sky was turned upside down …
However, although Hua Tianming's Four Swords in One was powerful, it was different from Wang Yun's soul attack. It would not cause harm to the soul of others.
Therefore, at this moment, the onlookers were only oppressed by this power to the point that they could not breathe. But unlike when Luo Zheng fought with Wang Yun, their souls were not damaged.
Seeing Hua Tianming's sword, some of the more timid and weak-willed people almost wanted to turn around and run away. They really did not have the courage to face it head-on!
If the Blue Cloud Sect disciples outside the arena were like this, one could imagine how Luo Zheng felt inside the arena.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt as if he had stepped into an illusory realm!
He was like a sand gull in the world. He stood alone on the boundless sea line. He was all alone, watching as the entire sky overturned and bore down on him.
This was not an attack on the spiritual level. It was just an illusion created by the vast power that Luo Zheng felt.
"It's just a borrowed power, but it can actually create such an effect. So strong! Too strong! "
Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light Sword and faced the entire sky. How could he fight?
If it were any other Blue Cloud Sect disciple, they would have been on the verge of collapse in this state. As long as a flaw appeared in their heart, they would immediately be defeated without any room to turn the situation around!
However, Luo Zheng's heart had long been as firm as a rock. Not to mention that this was just a borrowed power from Hua Tianming, even if the sky really collapsed, he would fight to the end!
Facing the overturning illusory realm, Luo Zheng's vital essence began to slowly circulate within his body.
The Sky Demon's vital essence gradually climbed up along Luo Zheng's sword-wielding hand. Above the purple-black vital essence, specks of starlight lingered around the Flowing Light Sword.
"Collapsing Sword!"
Luo Zheng had comprehended the most powerful move of the "Basic Sword Techniques".
At the same time, the specks of starlight inlaid on the Sky Demon's vital essence suddenly became active!
The annihilation energy released by a speck of starlight was already extremely powerful.
However, before the Peak Competition, Luo Zheng had accidentally entered the Sun-Moon-Star Map and comprehended a way to increase the power of starlight while visualizing it.
When starlight collided, it could increase the annihilation power of starlight tenfold!
"Boom!"
The two specks of starlight collided, as if two stars had collided, releasing a dazzling light that no one could look at directly.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword stabbed out at the same time.
Mixed with such turbulent annihilation energy, Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword blasted out!
"I'm only borrowing a trace of momentum from the Qi of Heaven and Earth. Not to mention momentum, even if the sky is really overturned, I'll still shatter you!" Luo Zheng shouted in his heart.
Hua Tianming's four swords combined into one and Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword converged together. At this moment, both of them saw monstrous determination in each other's eyes!
Both of them had the conviction to win!
"Boom!"
In an instant, a blazing white light lit up the arena.
When that light flickered, almost everyone couldn't open their eyes.
After a while, everyone's vision slowly recovered. On the arena, Luo Zheng stood in place, motionless.
Hua Tianming retreated five steps, a trace of blood hanging from the corner of his mouth.
"F * ck, Luo Zheng's sword pierced through the sky created by Hua Tianming!" Some disciple shouted so rudely.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 283
In terms of power, the battle between Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming couldn't compare to the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun.
After all, the Qinglong roar in Luo Zheng's mind was too terrifying. The shock and damage it brought to everyone was something they would never be able to erase for the rest of their lives.
However, although the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun had erupted with astonishing power, it was far less impressive than this battle!
At that time, Luo Zheng had used the Heavenly Demon's True Essence to shroud the battle arena, shrouding it in clouds and mist. Everyone only heard a few dragon roars, but they didn't know what had happened inside.
However, this battle was different.
Both of them were swordsmen and had comprehended sword intent. In terms of attainments in swordsmanship, they had already reached the peak of perfection in the Blue Cloud Sect.
One of them had comprehended the "Heavenly Sword" with a talent that didn't appear in a thousand years. With a thrust of his sword, he could catch the momentum of the heavens and suppress his opponent! The other person had created his own martial technique. With the strange "Basic Swordsmanship", he didn't show any signs of weakness when facing the momentum of the heavens. He used the sword in his hand to shatter the heavens!
Under such a scene, all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were in an uproar.
There were also many older disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. They had witnessed several sessions of the All-Peak Tournament, but none of them could reach the current height of the All-Peak Tournament.
"Hua Tianming is already monstrous enough. I'm afraid he's the only person who has cultivated the fourth sword of the" Heavenly Sword "since the" Heavenly Sword Diagram "was born. I didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be even more terrifying. He used the Basic Swordsmanship to break the Heavenly Sword …"
"It's really unfair. When I was a child, I grabbed a sword. Everyone around me said that I was a natural swordsman and that I would have great achievements in swordsmanship in the future. I didn't expect that compared to the two of them, I'm simply a joke!"
"A monster is indeed a monster. He can turn something rotten into something magical. A simple set of basic sword techniques can also exert such power. I can only sigh in amazement!"
Even the elders and Immortals who were watching the battle sighed when they saw this scene. They were really old. Now was the era of the young. Too many geniuses had emerged in this Peak Wide Competition. Any disciple, as long as they grew up, might be able to create a new era in the future.
Hua Tianming reached out to wipe away the trace of blood at the corner of his mouth. His cold gaze was full of surprise.
Originally, Hua Tianming thought that "Four Swords in One" was enough to deal with Luo Zheng. He didn't think that Luo Zheng could resist his Force of the Heavens. But now, it seemed that Hua Tianming had underestimated Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's simple "Collapsing Sword" not only contained the power of the Great Dao, but it also contained a trace of the power of the stars!
What made Hua Tianming feel even more incredulous was that the trace of the power of the stars wasn't borrowed by Luo Zheng. It seemed to be condensed from his own True Essence!
How was this possible?
Cultivating "Heavenly Sword" was to visualize the "Heavenly Sword Diagram" and find a trace of opportunity to communicate with the Heavens! This kind of opportunity was very small, but Hua Tianming did it. That was why he was able to cultivate "Heavenly Sword" smoothly.
What's more, cultivating "Heavenly Sword" was actually just borrowing the power of the Heavens! The power of the Heavens didn't belong to him. It was borrowed!
After all, what was borrowed was borrowed. It wasn't something that belonged to him.
However, Luo Zheng's power of the stars was visualized by himself. It was his own power of the stars. How did he do it? Directly visualizing the stars?
In the Eastern Domain, it wasn't that there weren't martial artists who visualized the stars.
After stepping into the Xiantian realm, all martial artists would urgently find something suitable for them to visualize. And these things came in all kinds of strange shapes and sizes.
There were sabers, swords, spears, bows, and so on. There were even stones, trees, houses, paintings, all kinds of strange shapes and sizes, and so on.
There were martial artists who visualized the stars, the sun, and the moon.
But the stars, the sun, and the moon were so vast and ethereal. How could they be visualized? How could one transform their True Essence into stars?
Although there were martial artists who successfully visualized the stars, they couldn't visualize the charm of the stars. After transforming the stars with True Essence, they were often hard and big stones … without the slightest bit of the power of the stars.
Therefore, many martial artists gave up on visualizing these big and useless things. For example, the sun, the moon, the stars, the sea, the mountains … these things might have an astonishing aura, but their power was often mediocre and impractical.
Of course, there were some monstrous geniuses who could visualize a trace of charm, but those geniuses might exist, but it was impossible for them to be born in the Eastern Domain!
Hua Tianming didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't directly visualize the stars in the sky, but used the sun, moon, and stars map to visualize. And the sun, moon, and stars map he obtained didn't belong to this world!
The strength of the almighty who drew the sun, moon, and stars map was simply beyond the imagination of this world!
"Among the younger generation of the Eastern Domain, I thought I couldn't find an opponent in the same realm! Even if it was a Divine Realm martial artist, he would still be defeated by my sword. My real opponent is only Pei Tianyao! If I meet Pei Tianyao now, I only have a 50% chance of defeating him. But in the future, if I break through the Xiantian Full Circle and step into the Divine Realm, I have a 90% chance of defeating him! "Hua Tianming slowly said.
Below the stage, Pei Tianyao sat cross-legged with his eyes slightly closed. There was no expression on his face.
Hua Tianming immediately said: "So I thought that with my strength, I could aim for a broader stage. The Eastern Domain is too narrow for me to gallop freely. My goal is the whole world! I want to challenge the geniuses born among the trillions of creatures in the world! So after the Peak Competition, whether I can walk the Blue Clouds Road or not, I will set foot in the Central Domain and go to a broader space! "
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, many disciples suddenly sucked in a breath of cold air.
They didn't expect Hua Tianming to have such ambitions!
Everyone had their own goals. The disciples born from the grassroots hoped to cultivate to a higher realm, contribute to their family, and strive for a position.
The disciples born from landowning households may want to stand out from their brothers and sisters, or even compete for the position of the head of the family, and then lead their family to a peak. But this "peak" was only relative to the Eastern Domain.
Not to mention the world, just the Central Domain was much bigger than the Eastern Domain. In the Eastern Domain, the seven landowning households may be able to abuse their power, but in the Central Domain, they were nothing.
And Hua Tianming's goal was the world!
How vast was the concept of the boundless universe? There were endless areas that humans had not explored at all.
This was like a beggar in a small city. He didn't know how big his country was, but one day he suddenly announced that he wanted to be the emperor.
This may sound ridiculous, but don't forget that before the Burning Sky Dynasty, there was an emperor who was born as a beggar!
To have such ambition was enough to let Hua Tianming stand above the many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"But what surprised me was that before I left the Eastern Domain, I met you, Luo Zheng! You're only at the Xiantian second stage, but you broke my four swords in one with a 'basic swordsmanship'! My practice of "Heavenly Sword" can produce a trace of opportunity with the heavens. I feel that you are a gift from the heavens, or a test, so I must overcome you! "
The bloodstains on Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword seemed to come alive and slowly flowed on the blade. A seed appeared between his eyebrows, and then he gently raised the Corrosive Blood Sword and said indifferently: "I originally left this sword for Pei Tianyao, but in order to defeat you, I have no choice but to use it."
"Pop!"
The seed between Hua Tianming's eyebrows suddenly shattered. The moment the sword seed broke, Hua Tianming's eyes revealed an azure light, and his temperament also underwent a fundamental change.
"Brilliant Sword Seed, Break Life, With My Dao, All Living Beings Reincarnation!"
"Xiu … …"
At this moment, under the urging of Hua Tianming, the violent World's Yuan Qi once again surged, and this time the momentum was even greater!
"The wind is blowing … …"
Outside the arena, Pei Tianyao said with his eyes closed. He felt the surging of the surrounding World's Yuan Qi, which was a strange phenomenon caused by the circulation of World's Yuan Qi.
As the World's Yuan Qi gathered faster and faster, the wind became stronger and stronger.
Hua Tianming's previous sword had combined four swords into one, and at the same time, pushed the power of the heavens towards Luo Zheng, creating a kind of overturning momentum of the heavens!
But this sword had completely condensed the power of the heavens into Hua Tianming's sword!
After a few breaths of time, the wind finally stopped. Hua Tianming stood with his sword, and all his aura had been completely restrained in his Corrosive Blood Sword. At this moment, except for Hua Tianming's pair of azure eyes, no one could see anything special about him.
It was as if he was just an ordinary swordsman standing there.
Although this feeling was ordinary, it brought a greater threat to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng knew very well that the power of Hua Tianming's sword would probably far surpass the power of the previous four swords combined into one.
But Luo Zheng did not have the slightest fear. At this moment, he felt that his blood was boiling, and his heart was beating twice as fast because of his excitement!
I came from a humble background, and before I stepped into the Blue Cloud Sect, my biggest dream was to see my sister. Even now, this long-cherished wish has not been fulfilled. But regarding the Martial Dao, my obsession is no less than yours, Hua Tianming. I also want to see what the peak of the Martial Dao is!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes seemed to burn with two flames. He shook his Flowing Light Sword, and sword intent bloomed like lotuses. The Heavenly Demon's True Essence mixed with bits of starlight slowly lingered on the sword.
After accumulating power for a long time, the two's sword moves once again clashed.
This time, the two people's swords were far less powerful than the previous time.
It could even be said that they were very ordinary! But it was still not comparable to the power of the previous battles between the mountain disciples.
Only two sword shadows intersected, and then the two suddenly separated. Even the sound of the two swords colliding could not be heard.
"What's going on? The thunder is big but the rain is small. I thought there was going to be another earth-shaking battle! "
"It's over? Who won in the end? Did the referee not say anything? "
"Could it be that he deliberately let them win? If so, I'm too disappointed! After waiting for so long, this was the only sword move? "
Many mountain disciples were discussing spiritedly, completely unaware of what had happened.
On the contrary, many elders, Perfected Masters, and even Pei Tianyao opened their eyes wide, looking at the battle field, their eyes full of unconcealable astonishment.

Chapter 284
Mo Yuxin's strength lay in her talent and her bloodline.
However, in terms of foresight, she was far inferior to Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, as well as many immortals and elders.
Pei Tianyao was surprised because Pei Tianyao understood what was happening in the arena.
Mo Yuxin was not surprised because of her foresight, but because her innate Qingluan bloodline suddenly trembled in her body! Although she did not know what had happened in the arena, it was enough to make her Qingluan bloodline tremble and produce an instinctive sense of fear! Qingluan was a divine beast!
This was why Mo Yuxin was so surprised.
The reason for Pei Tianyao's surprise was naturally different from Mo Yuxin's. It was because in the moment when Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng fought, something that should not have appeared at all, something that should not have appeared in their realm.
"If I'm not mistaken, both of their swords have reached the level of perfection, or the sword intent that they stimulated at this moment has stepped into the level of perfect sword intent!" Pei Tianyao murmured, with a look of expectation on his face.
Among the hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect, only Li Yifeng stood before Pei Tianyao. Li Yifeng's identity was a bit special. In fact, he could be excluded from the ranks of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples. Therefore, Pei Tianyao could be regarded as the number one disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect.
This Peak Wide Competition did not attract too much attention from Pei Tianyao at first.
With Pei Tianyao's strength and standing at his height, the final result of this Peak Wide Competition would not be too surprising. No matter if it was the top disciples or direct disciples of the 33 peaks, no one was Pei Tianyao's opponent, and no one could even stimulate Pei Tianyao's true strength.
But …
After entering the Transmigration Competition, as Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming's strength blossomed little by little, as Luo Zheng defeated Mo Yuxin and resisted Wang Yun's Dragon Roar, and Hua Tianming displayed his unparalleled "Heavenly Sword", Pei Tianyao felt that the Peak Wide Competition had become interesting.
At the very least, he had found his opponent.
Whether it was Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming, both of them had the power to fight against him.
However, when Hua Tianming said that he had a 50% chance of winning against him, Pei Tianyao did not take it seriously.
It was not that Pei Tianyao looked down on Hua Tianming. In fact, with Hua Tianming's Xiantian Full Circle cultivation, reaching this stage and comprehending the fourth sword of the 《Heavenly Sword》 was enough to make Pei Tianyao admire him! Because when Pei Tianyao was in the Xiantian Full Circle, his strength was far inferior to the current Hua Tianming.
However, with Pei Tianyao's strength, his temperament and mentality will be very relaxed, and he will look at the problem fairly.
In his opinion, with Hua Tianming's Xiantian Full Circle cultivation, there was a possibility that he could defeat him. However, it was not a 50% chance, but a mere 30% chance.
This was already a very high evaluation, after all, Pei Tianyao's talent was not inferior to others, not to mention he had already stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm!
But at this moment, Pei Tianyao understood that his evaluation of Hua Tianming was a bit low, because he did not expect Hua Tianming to have a breakthrough and comprehend the Perfect Sword Intent during the fight with Luo Zheng!
And in Pei Tianyao's opinion, Luo Zheng's potential was greater than Hua Tianming's. This guy did not seem to have the edge of Hua Tianming, but he seemed to have a lot of cards in his hand, one after another. Facing such an opponent, Pei Tianyao, who had always been calm, did not know how to evaluate him.
Who could guarantee that Luo Zheng did not have a stronger card in his hand? This unfathomable feeling also made Pei Tianyao understand that Luo Zheng had the power to fight against him.
However, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to defeat Pei Tianyao, because Pei Tianyao's cultivation level restricted Luo Zheng's performance.
But now, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had both comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent at the same time!
Sword intent was originally a concept that was extremely difficult to comprehend.
Why was there no sound when the two of them fought? Even when Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword and Corroding Blood Sword collided, there was no sound?
It was because at that moment, both of their Sword Intents were close to perfection. The moment they comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, the Sword Intents around them appeared in a perfect posture, and under this perfect Sword Intent, even the sound of their Sword Intents would be melted away.
Therefore, it seemed that the two of them had just used an ordinary move, but it was not because the power of their move was not strong enough. The moment they comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, all the Zhen Yuan and all the imposing aura were completely erased. At this moment, only the Sword Intent could be revealed, and everything else had to give way!
Pei Tianyao looked at Luo Zheng and then looked at Hua Tianming, and then slowly closed his eyes. There was a trace of fluctuation in his heart, which was a taboo for practicing Buddhist power techniques. Even with Pei Tianyao's temperament, he had not had this kind of fluctuation in his heart for a long time.
No ups and downs, no changes, no ups and downs. Sooner or later, these two would fight against him. Pei Tianyao murmured in his heart.
"Perfect Sword Intent? Both of them? Comprehended it at the same time? "Shi Jingtian's face showed an ecstatic expression, and he could not help but rub his rough hands.
There were very few people in the world who could comprehend the Sword Intent, and those who could cultivate the Small Success Sword Intent were already considered dragons and phoenixes among men. They were destined to shine in the Eastern Region. If they could break through to the Great Success Sword Intent, they would be ranked among the top in the Blue Cloud Sect! Whether it was a Spiritual Master or an Elder, they would be very happy to accept them as their Pro-Disciples!
Hua Tianming was born in the grasslands. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect, there were many people who wanted to accept him as their Pro-Disciple. However, Hua Tianming had a strong sense of belonging in Tianyi Peak, so he was not willing to become a Pro-Disciple. Therefore, he stayed in Tianyi Peak.
Luo Zheng had also comprehended the Great Success Sword Intent, but the time he spent comprehending it was relatively short. He did not even know the sword steps, so he had to secretly learn from Hua Tianming. Naturally, he would not become a Pro-Disciple in such a short time.
The Great Success Sword Intent was enough to be highly valued by the Blue Cloud Sect, and even Shi Jingtian. This was because the potential of such a disciple was almost limitless. It was enough for Shi Jingtian to send them to the Cloud Hall.
Shi Jingtian was already very happy that he was able to find two people who had comprehended the Great Success Sword Intent in the Peak Competition.
Then, there was a problem …
How could Shi Jingtian expect that this was not the final result?
The final result was that these two people, who were already monstrous enough to make people jealous, actually comprehended the Perfect Success Sword Intent during the battle. Moreover, they comprehended it at the same time and released it at the same time!
At the moment of comprehending the Perfect Success Sword Intent, the person and the sword would be in a special state. Under that state, even the space would be shaken.
Shi Jingtian's vision was naturally much higher than Pei Tianyao's. Pei Tianyao only knew that when comprehending the Perfect Success Sword Intent, the sound and aura would be erased. However, he did not know the principle behind it.
However, Shi Jingtian knew that the sound and aura were not erased.
It was because these two little fellows were too heaven-defying. At the same time, they had comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent. The moment they comprehended it, they entered that special state and slightly dislocated the very stable space around them. It was because of this slight dislocation of space that the sound and aura were absorbed into it, which led to the bizarre scene in the arena between the two of them.
Elder Xu carefully glanced at Shi Jingtian. He saw that Shi Jingtian was like a spring breeze. Before he could say anything, Shi Jingtian laughed heartily and said, "I've picked up a treasure!"
Let's not talk about whether Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming would be able to pass the trial on the Azure Clouds Road. Just the fact that they had comprehended the Perfect Success Sword Intent was enough to make the Cloud Hall pay attention to them. Moreover, Shi Jingtian believed that whether it was Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming, both of them would perform well on the Azure Clouds Road!
Of course, Shi Jingtian's evaluation was only at the stage of "good". After all, the Azure Clouds Road was too difficult to walk on. He didn't dare to say that it was "very good". Therefore, his evaluation was still rather conservative.
After Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming exchanged blows, they immediately sat on the ground. Their comprehension was too deep. After accumulating a lot, they entered a state of epiphany.
They had peeked into the door of the Perfect Success Sword Intent and had already stepped into it. At this moment, the most important thing was to stop and stay in this door!
Therefore, it was very necessary to stabilize their comprehension.
However, this way, the spectating disciples couldn't understand what was going on.
"What the hell are they doing? This is a battle arena. Are they planning to cultivate? "
"This is really strange. After a careless sword move, they actually sat on the ground and started cultivating."
"Who won? Are they going to fight or not? "
Just as everyone was discussing, Elder Xu flew above them and softly shouted, "Shut up! Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming have entered a state of epiphany. If anyone continues to watch and make a ruckus, immediately expel them from the Blue Cloud Sect! "
After Elder Xu said this, many disciples immediately became well-behaved. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect valued the cultivation of talents, they valued the geniuses who stood out from these talents even more!
It could be said that the value of Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Mo Yuxin at the scene was equivalent to the value of hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect!
Geniuses would stand out among hundreds of thousands of disciples, and mediocre people would always be mediocre. They could only be buried gradually. The Blue Cloud Sect was very tolerant. Every disciple who entered the sect received different levels of benefits, but at the same time, it was also very cruel.
Luo Zheng had indeed entered a strange state. He closed his eyes. It should have been pitch-black and he couldn't see anything. However, at this moment, he could see a mountain.

Chapter 285
This mountain was like a giant beast from ancient times, lying in front of Luo Zheng.
Long swords were neatly inserted into the mountain from the lowest to the highest according to a certain rule.
"These swords …"
Seeing the swords on the mountain, Luo Zheng could not help but gasp.
The swords at the foot of the mountain were not of high grade. They were all Xuan weapons, ranging from low-grade Xuan weapons to middle-grade Xuan weapons to high-grade Xuan weapons. There were all kinds of swords.
Wide-bladed swords, short-handled swords, snake-shaped swords, jade swords …
The Xuan weapons spread all the way from the foot of the mountain to the top. But when they reached the top of the mountain, they were not Xuan weapons, but Spirit weapons!
Spiritual grade swords only covered the lowest part of the mountain. Looking up, the mountainside was densely packed with Immortal grade weapons!
Low-grade Immortal weapons, middle-grade Immortal weapons, and even high-grade Immortal weapons …
Even a low-grade Immortal weapon was enough to make the warriors in the Eastern Region go crazy. Like Mo Can, a declining landowning family, and even Mo Xiuyan, a family head, did not have their own Immortal weapons!
There were many low-grade Immortal weapons in the seven major landowning families, but on average, each major landowning family only had a few at most!
Middle-grade Immortal weapons were even rarer. Only five of the seven major landowning families had one each. The Yu family of the Forbidden City and the Yun family of the Qilin did not even have one.
Each of the seven major landowning families was rich enough to rival a country. The Yu family and the Yun family's inheritance was not inferior to the other five families, but they could not get a single middle-grade Immortal weapon. One could imagine how precious middle-grade Immortal weapons were in the Eastern Region.
As for high-grade Immortal weapons engraved with three immortal patterns …
That was already a legendary thing. Maybe there were some in the Eastern Region, but they had never appeared in front of people.
The mountainside was densely packed with Immortal weapons. As far as the eye could see, there were tens of thousands of middle-grade and high-grade Immortal weapons!
So many Immortal weapons were gathered together, like free cabbages inserted into the mountain. It was easy to imagine the shock it brought to Luo Zheng.
"If I devour all of these Xuan Weapons, Spiritual Weapons, and Immortal Weapons, I'm afraid I'll be able to ignite all of Qinglong's dragon scales." Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Luo Zheng looked up along the immortal weapon, from the mountainside to a higher ridge. What kind of swords are those?
"Sacred Artifact …"
Even if it was a High Grade Immortal Weapon, it was still a Divine Weapon that people in the Eastern Region could not imagine. What about a Sacred Weapon?
What was this sword mountain?
Why did he see this mountain the moment he comprehended the perfect Sword Intent?
The mountain above the divine tool was shrouded in clouds and mist. Luo Zheng was unable to see the higher levels with his eyesight. However, if he followed this arrangement, could it be that there was a divine tool at the top of the mountain?
With Luo Zheng's current knowledge, he could still imagine the power of a divine tool. However, the concept of a divine tool was beyond his imagination. He couldn't even guess the appearance and power of a divine tool.
If one had to imagine it, it would probably be a thousand miles off the mark.
It was like the farmers in the mountains who thought that the emperor had a lot of gold, silver and jewels, so the emperor's carrying pole was also made of gold. It was very ridiculous.
He swallowed his saliva, restrained the wild thoughts in his mind, and walked toward the sword mountain. When he got close to the first magical weapon, he wanted to reach out and pull it out. However, this Low Grade magical weapon seemed to be deeply embedded in the ground, and he couldn't pull it out at all.
At first, Luo Zheng thought he didn't have enough strength. However, after trying his best, the sword was stuck in the ground, motionless …
Just then, a voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
"This is a sword from the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Even if it's a magical weapon, you can't pull it out." An old voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng was shocked, "Who are you?"
"Who am I? Hey hey, I've been in your mind for so long. Don't you know? "The voice revealed a trace of desolation and majesty.
"Qinglong? You're that Qinglong! "Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng had long suspected that Qinglong had his own consciousness. However, until now, Qinglong hadn't taken the initiative to communicate with him. It was only during the battle with Wang Yun that he let out a dragon's roar and communicated with Luo Zheng in order to obtain the flood dragon's bone.
In the end, with the help of Qinglong, Luo Zheng defeated Wang Yun and swallowed Wang Yun's dragon bone!
Therefore, strictly speaking, Luo Zheng didn't rely on his own strength to defeat Wang Yun. In fact, it was Qinglong's credit that he defeated Wang Yun. However, this comparison seemed somewhat unfair, because Wang Yun also relied on the flood dragon's bone spear in his hand.
The birth of a genius always depended on many aspects, such as strength, talent, fortuitous encounters, and luck. It was impossible to lack any of these.
"Yes, I'm that Qinglong in your mind …"
Qinglong had actually awakened from the moment Luo Zheng lit up his first dragon scale.
However, after awakening, he didn't have much spare energy to communicate with Luo Zheng. After being bound to the mysterious furnace for so many years, his soul was now extremely weak.
Although the Sky Derivation Essence could help Qinglong recover a small part of his strength, the amount was still too little. There were too many dragon scales on his body, and more than a hundred dragon scales only accounted for a small part of his strength.
Qinglong only communicated with Luo Zheng after discovering the flood dragon's bone. In fact, the flood dragon's spine couldn't catch Qinglong's attention at all. As a member of the True Dragon Clan, the flood dragon was just an ordinary demonic beast that had existed for tens of thousands of generations. The amount of dragon blood in it was too little.
However, no matter how small a mosquito's leg was, it was still meat. Moreover, Qinglong was really too weak now. If he could replenish a trace of dragon blood, he would be able to recover a little more of his strength.
After swallowing the flood dragon's spine, Qinglong finally recovered a little bit of his strength. That was why he was able to communicate with Luo Zheng now.
"Did you just say that this mountain is called the Slaughter Sword Mountain? Is this mountain in my mind? Why can't I pull out the swords on this Slaughter Sword Mountain? " Luo Zheng asked. Since the Azure Dragon was able to say the name of this sword mountain, then he must know the secret of this Sword Mountain of Slaughter.
"Hehe, the Slaughter Sword Mountain is in your mind? This Slaughter Sword Mountain is the holy land of swordsmanship. It can't belong to anyone. You're dreaming! " Qinglong smiled faintly. "When you comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, your Soul Consciousness resonated with the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Therefore, you were selected to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain to train. However, for you, this is a great opportunity! For example, your opponent today, the guy named Hua Tianming, should also be selected for another opportunity. However, compared with you, he is far inferior. To be selected to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain … Hehe. "
At this point, the Azure Dragon suddenly stopped speaking.
Since Qinglong didn't want to talk about it, Luo Zheng naturally didn't ask. What he cared about most was how to train in the Slaughter God Mountain.
As soon as he thought of this question, Qinglong continued, "This Slaughter Sword Mountain is one of the three holy lands of swordsmanship, which is the Slaughter Sword Principle! When a swordsman comprehends the Perfect Sword Essence, he has a slight chance of projecting his Soul Consciousness here and forming a contract with the Slaughter Sword Mountain. What you have to do is to climb! The swords under your feet are actually projections of the weapons left by the previous climbers. They are projections of other people's weapons. Naturally, you can't pull them out! "
"These swords were all left by other people?" Luo Zheng didn't understand until now that the dense long swords on the Slaughter Sword Mountain were left by other swordsmen.
"There's nothing strange about that. The size of this world far surpasses your imagination. There are probably trillions of creatures that cultivate the way of the sword. Since you were able to obtain such a great opportunity and set foot on the Slaughter Sword Mountain, others will naturally be able to as well. How far you can climb up will depend on your own ability," the Azure Dragon said slowly.
"Climbing up? What's so difficult about that?" Although the Slaughter Sword Mountain emitted a strong aura, it was only a mountain after all.
"Hehe, whether it's difficult or not, you'll know when you try. However, I must remind you that the higher you climb the Slaughtering Swords Mountain, the more benefits you will obtain. This is a rare opportunity, so you must take advantage of it! "Azure Dragon's voice fell silent after he finished speaking. It seemed that he wanted to see Luo Zheng's performance.
The higher you climb, the more benefits you will get?
Looking at the dense long swords, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The Flowing Light Sword appeared in his hand, and he stepped towards the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Before Luo Zheng could take two steps, several low-grade Xuan Weapons in front of him suddenly began to vibrate. Then, several Sword Essences shot out from these swords and swept towards Luo Zheng.
"These Sword Essences come from the masters of these low-grade Xuan Weapons! Their strength … is it the Marrow Refining Realm? "Luo Zheng was shocked.
According to Qinglong, there was a slight chance to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain when one comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence. Moreover, not every swordsman had the opportunity to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain when they comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence.
Luo Zheng had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence when he was only at the Xiantian second stage, but someone was even more terrifying.
The Perfect Sword Essence of the Marrow Refining Realm?
Luo Zheng was extremely shocked. This kind of genius didn't exist in the Eastern Domain, nor in the Central Domain. He was afraid that even in the Great Thousand World, it would be difficult to find such a genius!
This was too monstrous!
Although he was shocked, Luo Zheng didn't feel the slightest bit depressed.
The world was never fair!
It was just like when Luo Zheng was 15 years old and in front of a cage, those descendants of landowning households were able to eat supreme pills, cultivate heaven-step cultivation methods, and use spirit artifacts that even the Patriarchs of ordinary families could not afford to use!
However, these people were still overtaken by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng even left them far behind.
The road of martial arts was long and arduous. To be able to cultivate a perfect sword intent at the Marrow Refining Realm might seem unattainable to Luo Zheng, but when he thought about the descendants of those super mighty existences who had supreme bloodlines and were born with talents that others could only dream of, perhaps a single meal they ate would be equal to all of Luo Zheng's current wealth!
Looking back, this wasn't a big deal!
If I don't have such a good birth, I will strive for it step by step!
"Break for me!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 286
Facing the sword intent of those low-grade Xuan weapons, Luo Zheng's Flowing-light Long Sword flashed a bright silver light, which instantly shattered those sword intents.
After shattering those sword intents, Luo Zheng continued to go up.
At this time, the sword intents Luo Zheng faced came from middle-grade Xuan weapons. The sword intents contained in middle-grade Xuan weapons were more powerful than those in low-grade Xuan weapons.
However, under Luo Zheng's sword intents, they were still shattered into pieces.
Luo Zheng walked on the road at the foot of the mountain very easily. The sword intents released from these Xuan weapons could not stop Luo Zheng at all.
Every time Luo Zheng shattered the sword intent in a sword, those swords would be obedient and stop humming. At the same time, those swords emitted a little light spots like fireflies, which rushed toward Luo Zheng's body.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng tried to avoid those light spots. However, after trying for a while, he could not avoid them at all. Moreover, these light spots did not cause him any harm, so Luo Zheng stopped trying to avoid them.
"What are these light spots?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hehe, these specks of light are the spirit of the sword. They contain a trace of spirituality within the sword. They are the embryonic form of the Sword Nascent Soul. However, these low-grade and mid-grade profound weapons contain too little sword spirit. Many little drops make a mickle. When you accumulate enough sword spirit, your sword will give birth to a Sword Nascent Soul!" Azure Dragon said.
So that was it …
It seemed that the more sword intents he killed, the more sword spirits he would get.
The Slaughter Sword Mountain was not big. In less than half an hour, Luo Zheng had already cut down countless low-grade Xuan weapons and middle-grade Xuan weapons' sword intents. When he reached the foot of the mountain, Luo Zheng had already encountered high-grade Xuan weapons.
These high-grade Xuan weapons, or the sword intents of high-grade Xuan weapons, were still not too difficult to kill. It was just that the sword intents were slightly thicker or sharper.
He strode forward step by step. The Flowing-light Long Sword in his hand was like a silver-white waterfall, which constantly surrounded him and strangled him.
"Buzz …"
"Buzz …"
The sword intents were chopped into pieces one by one, and the long swords succumbed to his feet. The colorful light spots of the sword spirit fiercely hit him.
From the foot of the mountain to the mountainside, Luo Zheng gradually reached the area of high-grade Xuan weapons from the low-grade Xuan weapons. Gradually, he approached the mountainside.
"This Slaughter Sword Mountain is not as hard to climb as I thought," Luo Zheng said indifferently as he approached the mountainside.
Perhaps it was because Azure Dragon had spoken too confidently before, but after hearing Luo Zheng's words, Azure Dragon chuckled and said, "That's because for you, the lowest realm of each sword's owner is perfect sword intent. It's just that your sword intent is too full, so it's relatively easy for you to climb. However, although your sword intent is full and sharp, your limit should be the mountainside. This is your first time climbing the Slaughter Sword Mountain, so this result is not bad."
It was still passable …
Luo Zheng silently digested Azure Dragon's evaluation in his heart. It seemed that his results were barely passable.
But Luo Zheng did not intend to stab the sword here. He had to test his limit! How far was he qualified to stab the sword?
"Buzz —"
Just as he reached the middle of the mountain, a sword in front of him suddenly let out a sharp cry.
"An Immortal Weapon?" Luo Zheng stared at a Zi Qing colored sword not far away. The hilt of the sword was engraved with an Immortal Pattern. It was a low-grade Immortal Weapon.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the Azulet sword would be the same as before, with sword intent surging out from it. However, he quickly realized that he was wrong.
The shadow of a purple-haired girl gushed out of the Immortal Weapon. The purple-haired girl looked extremely beautiful, but she did not have a physical body. Instead, she was faint like a soul. She stretched out her hand, and the Zi Qing colored sword on the ground rose from the ground. She held the long sword and slashed at Luo Zheng.
"What … what is this thing? There is a soul on the Slaughter Sword Mountain? "Luo Zheng asked with a strange face.
"This is not a soul! It is just a mature Sword Spirit. Kill her and you will get more Sword Spirits! "Qinglong said again.
Luo Zheng looked carefully. The purple-haired girl's shadow was not angry at all. Her face was basically expressionless. If it was a human soul, it would be consistent with the human and have emotions. This was obviously not a soul. It seemed that Qinglong was right. She was the Sword Spirit.
"Break!"
"Ding, ding, ding!"
Luo Zheng casually slashed three times. To Luo Zheng's surprise, the purple-haired girl's swordsmanship was exquisite. She used a very gorgeous swordsmanship to easily block Luo Zheng's three slashes.
Not only that, but after blocking Luo Zheng's three slashes, she actually counterattacked Luo Zheng with her sword!
The purple-haired girl's swordsmanship was extremely mysterious and exquisite. Although the Sword Spirit released was not as strong as Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng had to deal with it seriously.
"Hang Sword, Lift Sword, Chop Sword!"
He attacked with three basic swordsmanship moves. Although they were simple swordsmanship, they contained the most simple Great Dao.
"Puchi!"
The first two moves parried the purple-haired girl's sword. The last move directly cut her into pieces.
After the purple-haired girl was cut into pieces, the sword in her hand was inserted back into its original position. Those pieces turned into purple light spots and entered Luo Zheng's body.
The Sword Spirit contained in this Immortal Weapon was dozens of times more than the Sword Spirits in the previous Spiritual Weapons!
Luo Zheng was also a low-grade Immortal Weapon, but he did not condense a Sword Spirit in the Flowing Light Longsword. As for this Sword Spirit in human form, it was even more impossible. The origin of this low-grade Immortal Weapon's owner must be extraordinary.
After looking at the purple-haired sword for a while, Luo Zheng stepped over it and continued to move forward.
After reaching the Immortal Weapon level, the pressure Luo Zheng faced began to increase sharply.
The owner who could use an Immortal Weapon as a weapon was generally not below Luo Zheng in terms of cultivation and realm. Their means were no longer simple Sword Intent.
For example, the violet-haired young woman within the violet-green sword was only the beginning. Later on, all sorts of Sword Spirits of all shapes and sizes emerged from the various Immortal Artifacts.
Tigers, pythons, crocodiles, and even dragons. All kinds of strange Sword Spirits appeared.
The difficulty of dealing with these Sword Spirits gradually increased, and Luo Zheng's consumption also increased. When facing low-grade Immortal Weapons, Luo Zheng could control about three moves. But when facing middle-grade Immortal Weapons, he often needed more than ten moves, or even dozens of moves. Therefore, his climbing pace gradually slowed down.
"Little guy, do you feel the difficulty now?" Qinglong said with a faint smile, "The higher you go, the more difficult it will be. But it's already good that you can reach the mountainside. As long as you insert your sword into the mountainside, you will be able to connect with the Massacre God Mountain, which will bring you endless benefits!"
"Insert my sword into the mountainside?" Luo Zheng raised his head and looked ahead. After breaking through the mountainside, he would reach the ridge. The swords inserted into the ridge were Divine Weapons! The strength of the experts who held these Divine Weapons was far greater than Luo Zheng's. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he was like a small ant in front of these experts, who could be easily crushed.
"I want to insert my sword into the ridge!" Luo Zheng's face showed a resolute look, as if he had made up his mind!
The higher the sword was inserted, the closer the connection with the Massacre Sword Mountain, and the greater the benefits. Everyone wanted to insert their sword into the mountain!
"The ridge? Heh heh … "Qinglong laughed and then said," That's impossible. With your current strength, I'm afraid you can't even reach the mountainside. The Sword Intent in the Upper-Grade Immortal Weapon is stronger than yours, and the ridge is the world of Divine Weapons. You can't defeat the strength of the people who have Divine Weapons. "
"Then I'll give it a try." Luo Zheng's stubbornness and unwillingness to admit defeat rose up again.
"Alas, then I'll give it a try." Qinglong had actually expected Luo Zheng to say this. He had been awake in Luo Zheng's mind for a long time. Although he had been in a dormant state most of the time, he had observed Luo Zheng's temperament. This guy's martial arts heart was comparable to a boulder. It was incomparably hard, far beyond that of ordinary people.
However, in the end, this world was all about strength. Sometimes, no matter how strong your heart was, the bloody reality would teach you how cruel it could be.
Moreover, the rules of the Massacre God Mountain were very powerful. Even Qinglong couldn't help Luo Zheng. He could only rely on himself.
In this case, how could Luo Zheng surpass the Immortal Weapon grade and set foot on the ridge?
"Hey! There's a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon! " Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He actually found a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon on the ridge. The sword hilt looked very ordinary, like a standard military sword. There was nothing special about it.
However, the two words "Yao Ye" were engraved on the sword hilt.
"Look, why can't I insert the Immortal Weapon into the ridge? He inserted a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon into the ridge! "Luo Zheng pointed at the Low-Grade Xuan Weapon and said.
Surrounding the Profound Artifact were Immortal Grade Treasured Swords, so they were especially eye-catching.
Qinglong was also stunned. He then smiled faintly and said, "So that's how it is. The Yao Ye Clan, hehe … it's not surprising that they can insert a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon into the ridge."
"Yao Ye Clan?" Luo Zheng only saw the two words on the sword hilt. He didn't understand what they meant.
"The Yao Ye Clan is completely different from you humans. In other words, they've surpassed most other clans. They're the most terrifying clan! Their clan hasn't even been born yet. They've been cultivating in their mother's womb since birth. The density of their blood and Qi and the strength of their bodies are equivalent to your human's Xiantian Mystic Realm. In other words, they're born as Xiantian lifeforms, "Qinglong said with a faint smile.
"Born as Xiantian lifeforms …" Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air.
Countless human cultivators trained hard for dozens of years in order to break through to the Xiantian Mystic Realm. However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that there would be a clan in this world that was born as Xiantian lifeforms.
Wasn't this too abnormal?

Chapter 287
Qinglong shook his head and sighed. "The world is huge and filled with all sorts of strange things. It's far beyond your imagination. If you really step foot onto the peak of the Martial Dao, then you'll naturally be able to understand a thing or two. But … it's too difficult. Even a clan as freakish as the Night Demon Clan is nothing in the entire large world."
A clan as powerful as that was nothing in the entire large world?
Qinglong realized that he had gone a bit too far. He immediately said, "But even though humans are naturally weak, their achievements are still extremely shocking. Don't be discouraged. With your talent, Karmic Luck, and …" Cang Long hesitated for a moment. He originally wanted to mention the mysterious furnace, but he held himself back and changed his words. "You still have a chance to step foot onto the peak."
At this moment, Qinglong noticed that Luo Zheng's eyes were shining brightly. It was as if there were stars hidden within them. Clearly, he was filled with anticipation for the future challenges!
This kid isn't listening to me at all ….
A trace of depression actually arose in Qinglong's heart.
As a member of the True Dragon Clan that had existed since time immemorial, Qinglong didn't know how long it had been since he last felt depressed.
In the end, Qinglong could only shake his enormous head. Perhaps he had truly underestimated this young man.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng gazed at the profound artifact left behind by the Night Demon Clan and said, "Qinglong, I'm from a very humble background. Even though I've made some achievements in the Blue Cloud Sect, I won't be complacent or arrogant. Moreover, I won't stop and enjoy life! We humans have a saying. Even if there are millions of enemies, I will still press forward! Even if there are millions of enemies, I will still press forward! "
Only millions of enemies? Qinglong was just about to refute.
Luo Zheng immediately said, "Of course not. I'm going to challenge countless powerful beings in this world. It could be millions, billions, or even billions of geniuses!"
Since ancient times, those who achieved great things didn't just have extraordinary talents, they also had tenacious wills!
As Luo Zheng grew, he encountered numerous shocking geniuses. His horizons grew wider and wider. Zhou Da, Wang Yun, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao ….
The stronger the opponent, the more determined he was to reach the peak of martial arts!
To Qinglong, Luo Zheng's current strength was like an ant, or even less than an ant. However, the determination and momentum that erupted from his body made Qinglong's heart tremble.
"This little guy is really interesting. If that's the case, I'd like to wake up Third Brother and discuss it with him. Let's wait and see," Qinglong thought to himself. The nine True Dragons came from the same source! There was a great reason why they had turned into statues and guarded the mysterious furnace. Unintentionally, the mysterious furnace had entered Luo Zheng's mind, and the nine true dragons had naturally entered together with it.
In the beginning, Qinglong didn't have a high opinion of Luo Zheng. From Qinglong's point of view, Luo Zheng was average in every aspect. But later, Qinglong was surprised to find that this teenager's progress was completely beyond his expectations.
With Luo Zheng's current talent, it was enough for him to receive a good evaluation from Qinglong.
As an ancient being, Qinglong had seen too many shocking geniuses. To be able to receive a "good" evaluation from Qinglong was enough to prove Luo Zheng's talent. More importantly, Qinglong discovered that this kid's potential was constantly increasing. Perhaps, Qinglong didn't know when he would stop using "good" to evaluate Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. Instead, he continued to walk forward!
When Luo Zheng approached the Night Demon Clan's low-grade Mystic-class treasure sword, that extremely ordinary treasure sword suddenly erupted with a sharp sword intent! That sword intent was surging with killing intent. It was like a god of death as it ruthlessly chopped down at Luo Zheng's head.
"There's no sword spirit? That's right. According to Qinglong, the Night Demon Clan is indeed powerful, but it's impossible to train a sword spirit out of a low-grade Mystic-class treasure. However, even without a sword spirit, this sword intent is far superior to other sword intents! "
Facing this murderous sword intent, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate in the slightest. The phoenix crystal in his right hand suddenly activated, and the flowing light sword in his hand turned into a silver sword flower, each flower containing a sharp sword intent.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding …"
After slashing out ten times in an instant, Luo Zheng finally shattered that murderous sword intent.
Even so, the Night Demon Clan's longsword still hummed madly for a while, as if it was unwilling to give up, but in the end, it calmed down, and then a blood red sword spirit escaped from it.
This sword spirit was very small, only the size of a grain of rice. It was far smaller than the sword spirits from before. After Luo Zheng killed the mature sword spirits, there were usually hundreds or thousands of sword spirits, and each sword spirit was much larger than this blood red sword spirit.
However, when this rice-sized sword spirit shot into Luo Zheng's body, he immediately felt a special change.
This rice-sized sword spirit was filled with a murderous aura, and this murderous aura quickly infected the sword spirits that Luo Zheng had obtained before.
Originally, the sword spirits that Luo Zheng had obtained were of various colors. Each color was different, and it was difficult for them to fuse with each other. Therefore, they could only be stored in Luo Zheng's body, and Luo Zheng was unable to use them.
However, when the blood red sword spirit shot into Luo Zheng's body, it contained a powerful murderous aura that infected all the sword spirits.
The color of the sword spirits began to change.
Whether it was the black sword spirits, the yellow sword spirits, or the blue sword spirits, they all gradually turned red, and at the same time, they began to fuse with each other. As these sword spirits fused together, they began to slowly change shape, and finally took the shape of a human …
"This is … the transformation of a sword spirit!" The big Qinglong in Luo Zheng's mind was slightly moved. In this world, there were too few things that could move a true dragon. Of course, this Qinglong was not moved by Luo Zheng's strength, but by the fact that Luo Zheng was able to transform a sword spirit in such a short time.
Even Qinglong, who had seen countless geniuses, could not accept this at this moment. Wasn't this too fast? Why was this happening? This was impossible …
Luo Zheng had indeed absorbed a lot of sword spirits on his way up from the Slaughter Sword Mountain. However, it was a long process to fuse these sword spirits together. This had nothing to do with talent, because a sword spirit was a sword spirit. Cultivating a sword spirit was a path that no swordsman could avoid, and it was destined to be long and boring.
It continued to absorb, fuse, absorb, and fuse again. Every time it fused, it would take years until the Sword Spirit matured.
However, how long had it been for Luo Zheng?
He had just reached the mountainside of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and he had already fused with a sword spirit?
The incomparably huge Qinglong leaned against the wall of the mysterious furnace, silently observing the fusion of the sword spirits in Luo Zheng's body.
Previously, it had constantly attacked Luo Zheng, because no matter how excellent Luo Zheng's performance was, it would be difficult for him to enter Qinglong's eyes. After all, the geniuses it had met could not be described as human beings. However, at this moment, the rapid fusion of the sword spirits finally surprised it.
Being able to surprise a true dragon was enough to make Luo Zheng proud. However, at this moment, he was not in the mood to pay attention to Qinglong. He was concentrating on the changes in his body.
The sword spirits gradually fused into the shape of a human body. Slowly, a head, a torso, arms, legs appeared …
At first, the shape was very vague, as if it was made by an unskilled apprentice, but soon, the specific shape became clearer and clearer.
The first thing that appeared was the chest. The originally flat chest slowly swelled up, forming a towering chest. Luo Zheng was immediately stunned.
"Ah, how did this sword spirit turn into such a shape?"
He was indeed frightened by this strange change. Soon after, the arm became thinner and thinner, turning into an arm as thick as a lotus root. This sword spirit finally transformed into an exquisite woman. After the entire body transformed, her clothes, appearance, and eyes were also completed.
This woman was very beautiful, but her eyes were as sharp as a knife. She looked like a volcano that was about to erupt. Although she was transformed from a sword spirit, she still maintained her eyebrows to the greatest extent. Moreover, the murderous aura emitted from her body was exactly the same as that of the rice-sized sword spirit!
"What the hell is going on? I have never seen this woman before. Why did my sword spirit turn into such a shape? "Luo Zheng was very puzzled.
Staring blankly at this beautiful sword spirit, Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out no matter how hard he tried …
If he had to choose the shape of the Sword Spirit, he certainly wouldn't choose to transform the Sword Spirit into a woman. That would be too awkward. The problem was that the Sword Spirit Transformation was different from the True Essence Transformation. The True Essence Transformation relied on one's own visualization to transform the shape. When someone cultivated halfway or felt that their True Essence Transformation wasn't good enough, they could even give up and re-visualize it. This wasn't a big deal, and many people had done this before.
However, the transformation of a sword spirit wasn't something one could choose. One had to contain many sword spirits in one's body and mature them at a specific time! The shape of a sword spirit wasn't something one could control.
Seeing Luo Zheng's confused look, Qinglong laughed.
"Qinglong, what the hell is going on?" Luo Zheng asked.
"If I'm not wrong, the woman your sword spirit transformed into should be the owner of the long sword left behind by the Demon Night Clan," Qinglong said lightly.
"Ah? No way … "Luo Zheng turned pale with fright." The Demon Night Clan? Aren't they not considered humans? How could they look like this? Even more beautiful than humans? "
No matter how one looked at it, the woman the sword spirit had transformed into was close to perfection according to human standards of beauty!
Luo Zheng had fought against the Demon Race before. At the same time, he had also seen the Demon Race. Compared to the Demon Race, Luo Zheng could barely accept the appearance of the Demon Race. As for the Demon Race he had encountered in White Emperor City, they were a bit too terrifying. If a timid person saw them, they would probably have nightmares!
When he heard Qinglong mention the Demon Night Clan, Luo Zheng thought that there was a "Demon Race" in it. He thought that this race looked like the Demon Race, with a few more pairs of eyes and a few more mouths.

Chapter 288
No matter how one looked at it, this woman was perfect.
However, Luo Zheng noticed that there was a slight difference between this woman and a human. For example, her ears.
Her ears were long and slender, and the top of her ears were sharp, a little like a cat's ears. It was because of this that she looked special. Her legs were more slender than the legs of ordinary human women, and their proportions were more perfect.
"Who said that only the human race can look like this? The Demon Night Clan has always looked like humans. From their perspective, humans look very similar to them, "Qinglong said slowly.
"This woman should still be alive, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The owner of every sword on the Slaughter Sword Mountain is still alive. If someone dies, their sword will sink into the depths of the Slaughter Sword Mountain." Qinglong nodded. "Since this woman's sword is here, she must exist somewhere in this world."
When Luo Zheng heard Qinglong's words, he looked at the Sword Spirit with a strange expression.
In other words, he had inexplicably transformed the Sword Spirit into a woman from the Demon Night Clan. He wondered what would happen if he happened to meet this woman in the future.
Of course, the probability of this happening was very small.
According to the Azure Dragon, the Yaowe Clan wasn't in the Great Thousand World that Luo Zheng resided in at all.
"Since this Sword Spirit is from the Demon Night Clan, I'll give her a name. She'll be called Demon Night!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's strength had increased to a certain extent by cultivating a Sword Spirit so quickly. At the very least, she could become his assistant and help him advance further on the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
This Sword Spirit was connected to Luo Zheng's mind. However, she didn't have her own thoughts and was completely under Luo Zheng's control.
She could appear in front of Luo Zheng with a single thought from Luo Zheng! From a certain perspective, she could be said to be a clone of Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng gave her a sword, it would be equivalent to having two Luo Zheng in battle.
However, the greatest use of a sword spirit was not to fight with a sword.
Some dual-sword sword techniques required the assistance of a sword spirit, but Luo Zheng wouldn't consider it under normal circumstances. Instead, he would use her to fuse with his Flowing Light Sword.
After Yao Ye merged with Lightstream, a strand of faint red light appeared on the surface of Lightstream, and the red light emanated a strong aura of slaughter.
"This mountain is called the Divine Massacre Mountain. It should be leaning towards the Massacre Sword Dao! I wasn't given a choice of Sword Dao, but I unknowingly walked on the Sword Dao of Slaughter, "Luo Zheng thought to himself as he looked at the Flowing Light Sword that was emitting a murderous aura.
Killing was not a bad thing. The most important way to show justice was to kill to stop killing. That was the true meaning of the Slaughter Sword Dao.
After finishing his preparations, Luo Zheng crossed the Night Demon Clan's long sword and continued on his way.
Enveloped by Yao Ye's Sword Intent, the might of the Flowing Light Sword increased by at least 40%! Luo Zheng was instantly unstoppable when facing the mature Sword Spirits on the mountainside that was filled with Immortal Artifacts. Not only did his speed not decrease, it even increased!
He'd unknowingly arrived at the end of the mountainside, and a path that led to the mountain ridge appeared before him.
At this moment, there was a blue sword stabbed into the ground in front of Luo Zheng.
The sword was very gorgeous. Its hilt was covered in black silk, and there were five colored tassels at the end of the hilt. The design of the hilt was complicated and beautiful.
At the bottom of the sword hilt, the body of the sword flickered with a faint blue light. On the surface of the sword, there were specks of ice crystals dancing.
This was the first time Luo Zheng had laid eyes on a Saint Artifact.
Luo Zheng understood that this was not a real Saint Artifact. This low-grade Saint Artifact was just a projection, and the real sword was in the hands of its master.
When Luo Zheng approached, the low-grade Saint Artifact Sword suddenly trembled, and then the whole sword was pulled out of the ground. Immediately, a light blue figure condensed from the sword and pointed the sword at Luo Zheng.
"It's the same as an immortal artifact. It's just a sword spirit at the mature stage. At most, this low-grade sacred artifact is much stronger than an immortal artifact." Luo Zheng raised the Flowing Light Sword, which was glowing with red light, and aimed it at the blue figure, ready to kill it at any time.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to make a move, he discovered something strange.
It seemed that the Sword Spirit in front of him was different from the previous Sword Spirits.
The Sword Spirit in front of him was not a simple inanimate object. There seemed to be a trace of spirituality hidden in it, and it could even speak.
"Well, a Xiantian second stage junior actually broke into the ridge of the Massacre God Mountain?" The blue figure suddenly said.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and stood with his sword in hand, "You are a Sword Spirit, so why can you speak? It seems that your Sword Spirit also contains a trace of soul. "
At this moment, Luo Zheng also felt very strange. Before, he had beheaded so many mature Sword Spirits, but all of them were dull. Although they could display mysterious sword moves, but in the end, they were no match for Luo Zheng, because they did not have any wisdom.
But the blue figure in front of him could not only speak, but also be surprised. Obviously, there was a trace of soul hidden in this blue figure that could think independently.
"I can't figure out how a Xiantian second stage human could cross the mountainside and come here." There was even a trace of a frown on the blue figure's face, "But that's it. Your sword will be inserted here, there is no place for you to go further up."
Everyone wanted to insert their sword at a higher position.
Because the higher the sword was inserted, the more resources one could obtain from the Massacre Sword Mountain!
But the resources of the Massacre Sword Mountain were limited, and this was exactly the same as the Blue Cloud Sect Luo Zheng was in.
Therefore, those Xuan Tools, Spirit Tools, and Immortal Tools at the foot of the mountain would release their Sword Intent to obstruct the climbers. Only by climbing step by step with one's own strength could one reach a higher position and obtain more resources for oneself.
Hearing the blue figure's words, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and his complexion slightly sank.
Since he had the opportunity to enter the Massacre Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng's goal was to reach his own limit and climb to a higher position as much as possible.
With great difficulty, he had relied on his own comprehension of the Sword Spirit to cross the mountainside and was ready to continue climbing, but how could this be possible?
Even if it was a low-grade Sage tool, Luo Zheng's strength in the real world was far from being able to defeat this person. It could even be said that in the real world, even Shi Jingtian, the leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, might not be this person's opponent.
But in the Massacre Sword Mountain, this guy only had one sword and was relying on his own Sword Spirit and a wisp of his soul …
How could Luo Zheng back down?
"I don't intend to insert my sword here. My goal is to reach a higher position," Luo Zheng said.
The blue figure's face revealed a trace of a smile, "A higher position? You? My goal is the summit of the mountain! In the end, because of my lack of strength, I still have to insert my sword here. Do you think you can pass me? "
"You will know if you try." Since it was just a wisp of his soul, Luo Zheng didn't need to talk nonsense with him, so he immediately attacked.
The blue figure slightly smiled and said, "It is indeed surprising that a Xiantian second stage Xuan Master could reach this place, and you even have your own Sword Spirit. Is this your first time entering the Massacre Sword Mountain? I, the Ice Sword Celestial Master, admire your talent, but it is useless because my cultivation and realm are much higher than yours. My comprehension of the sword is also not something you can compare with! "
Then, the blue figure recovered his sword and chopped towards Luo Zheng.
"Ding!"
Luo Zheng and the blue figure exchanged blows.
It was reasonable to say that Luo Zheng's Low-Grade Fairy Weapon was not qualified to collide with a Divine Weapon, because the toughness and strength of the sword were not on the same level.
However, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was attached with a layer of Sword Spirit, which could greatly enhance the strength of the Flowing Light Sword, which was enough for Luo Zheng's Fairy Weapon to confront a Divine Weapon head-on.
The blue figure exclaimed again, "Strange, your swordsmanship seems to be the Basic Swordsmanship … No, it seems to have been improved! How is that possible? Has it been simplified to this extent? "
The blue figure's face became very shocked, as if he couldn't understand the swordsmanship displayed by Luo Zheng at all.
Every person who inserted his sword into the Massacre Sword Mountain could be called a genius in Sword Tao.
Of course, there were differences as well. For example, some people had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain when they had comprehended the complete sword intent for the first time, while some had gone one step further and comprehended a higher level of sword intent before entering the mountain for the second time.
Among these people, there were many sword fanatics and sword fans, so they naturally had a strong interest in various kinds of swordsmanship.
Obviously, the "Basic Swordsmanship" displayed by Luo Zheng had immediately attracted the blue figure's attention.
"Interesting, interesting, the Basic Swordsmanship unexpectedly has this kind of power. The world is really big, nothing is too strange. Moreover, it was learned by a junior of Xiantian second stage. With such a wonderful Basic Swordsmanship, no wonder he could pass through the mountainside!" The blue figure waved the sword in his hand, "But I won't let you pass, the top position is too crowded!"
"You always talk about Xiantian second stage. So what if your strength is high in the real world? You are now just a wisp of soul and Sword Spirit. I also have Sword Spirit, but the problem is that I am still here, are you sure you can stop me? " Luo Zheng sneered and used the "Piercing Sword" technique. He didn't want to listen to the blue figure's chatter and wanted to shatter his Sword Spirit along with his soul.
"Arrogant junior, I have lived for hundreds of years and practiced the sword for hundreds of years. My understanding of Sword Tao has long exceeded your imagination. It is enough to stop you!" The sword in the blue silhouette's hand suddenly flashed with a blue light, and a cold current surged out from his sword. The moment the cold current wrapped around the sword, an extremely sharp aura began to gather on the tip of his sword.
"After hundreds of years, you still stopped at the edge of the mountain ridge. Your strength is only so-so!" Luo Zheng suddenly urged the Sword Spirit of the Moon Demon Sword. At this moment, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was suddenly stained with a strong murderous aura.
It was as if the aura came from hell.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 289
The murderous aura was also known as murderous aura.
Some soldiers and bandits who licked the blood on their blades would exude a thick murderous aura with every move they made. It was because they had killed too many people that they were tainted with this murderous aura.
The strong murderous aura was very powerful. If it was on the battlefield, it could even confuse people's minds.
However, if the murderous aura was too strong, it would affect people's cultivation. At the critical moment, it could even create inner demons that would trap people and make them sink into the endless path of slaughter, unable to extricate themselves.
Once, in the Yu Family of the Seven Major Clans of the Eastern Region, there was a young man who cultivated the Path of Slaughter. His name was Yu Qingcheng. As he cultivated the Path of Slaughter, his character became more and more cruel, and his means became more and more vicious. He casually killed countless people.
In the beginning, the Yu Family still protected Yu Qingcheng. After all, this was an era where strength reigned supreme. The Path of Slaughter was very obvious and powerful. According to Yu Qingcheng's growth rate, he would soon become the pillar of the Yu Family. Therefore, they allowed Yu Qingcheng to kill as he pleased.
However, as Yu Qingcheng's murderous intent grew stronger and stronger, he actually killed two people of the Yu Family during a mission. At that time, the Yu Family realized that Yu Qingcheng had gone crazy. He had been completely dominated by the murderous aura and had become a supreme killing machine.
However, it was already too late. With the Yu Family's strength, it was impossible to get rid of Yu Qingcheng. They could only join forces with the Seven Major Clans to encircle and annihilate Yu Qingcheng. However, those who encircled and annihilated Yu Qingcheng were basically dead souls under his blade, which increased his murderous aura even more.
Later, as Yu Qingcheng became stronger and stronger, he finally alarmed the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect immediately issued a kill order, sending ten Sages and three elders to hunt Yu Qingcheng down.
Under the pursuit of so many experts, Yu Qingcheng was lucky enough to escape.
At that time, Yu Qingcheng was simply a murderous demon in the Eastern Region. As he fled, he indiscriminately killed the innocent. No matter which county he fled to, he would wash them with blood with his blade to cultivate his murderous aura.
This person became a nightmare in the Eastern Region.
When the Blue Cloud Sect was at their wit's end, people discovered that Yu Qingcheng had disappeared. No one knew where he went or why he suddenly disappeared into thin air.
Many people guessed that Yu Qingcheng had gone into hiding or was cultivating in a hidden corner.
After three years, there was no news of Yu Qingcheng. But one day, three years later, a woodcutter in the Weishui County, unexpectedly found Yu Qingcheng's. as as well as the blade of his blade that was stained with countless blood... was Yu Qingcheng's.
...... of the world of the world.... was the world......... as the world was the world as. as the world of the world world. a world of the world.
In this world, everything was relative. The Dao of Slaughter allowed one's cultivation to progress at a godly speed. What was even more frightening was that it was extremely powerful. However, if one accumulated too much slaughter, they would fall into the cycle of karma and retribution!
.... of to to to to to him. to to to be....... was also......
Luo Zheng didn't cultivate the Slaughter Sword Dao. But when he comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, he inadvertently entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain. This was also a choice of fate.
Or rather, the God of Fate hinted to Luo Zheng that sooner or later, he would embark on the Slaughter Sword Mountain. That was why he was arranged to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
The Slaughter Sword Mountain was a holy land for swordsmen. It was one of the three holy lands of the Sword Dao.
Only a few lucky people were selected to enter the holy land of the Sword Dao. This meant that the Slaughter Sword Mountain was very useful.
As long as a swordsman inserted his sword into the Slaughter Sword Mountain, he would be able to establish a connection with it. He would be able to release his murderous aura and store it in the Slaughter Sword Mountain. In this way, he wouldn't suffer from the backlash of the murderous aura when cultivating!
Moreover, when a swordsman needed the murderous aura, he could retrieve it from the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
From this point of view, the Slaughter Sword Mountain was somewhat similar to the ticket stores in the Eastern Domain. However, the ticket stores stored square crystals, while the Slaughter Sword Mountain could store murderous aura.
However, according to the rules of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the higher the sword was inserted, the greater the share of murderous aura!
It had to be known that murderous aura was a very practical thing. It was also known as evil aura. It was very useful when activating many cultivation methods. It could increase one's power by several times. And when cultivating some special cultivation methods that specialized in using evil aura, it could have a miraculous effect.
For example, if one portion of evil aura could double the power of a cultivation method, then two portions of evil aura could double the power, and ten portions of evil aura could double the power.
However, there was always a limit to the amount of evil aura that could be stored in the body of an ordinary person who cultivated the Slaughter Dao. Moreover, one had to be on guard against the backlash of the evil aura at any time to prevent cultivation deviation.
Therefore, walking the Slaughter Dao was a double-edged sword! Although its power was boundless, it could cause harm to oneself at any time.
However, a swordsman who entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain could store his own evil aura into the sword mountain! In this way, one could avoid the harm caused by the evil aura. This was the biggest function of the Slaughter Sword Mountain! It was also the reason why the Slaughter Sword Mountain could become the holy land of the Sword Dao!
The higher the sword was inserted, the more evil aura one could store!
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Being able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain was already a great opportunity. He did not know when he would be able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain again. Even if he broke through to the next level of sword essence, he would not be able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Take the Ice Sword Celestial Being for example. Perhaps his current strength was very strong. It was reasonable to say that he should not have inserted his divine tool at the edge of the mountain. However, he was not able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Therefore, his divine tool could only be firmly inserted at the edge of the mountain and could not be inserted any further.
Therefore, this time, Luo Zheng had to insert his sword higher.
Facing the attack of the Spirit of the Divine Tool, Luo Zheng did not show any mercy.
People who had Divine Tools were all big shots who could dominate a region. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, the Ice Sword Celestial Being's strength might be on par with the high and mighty Lord of the Cloud Hall.
Even if there was only the Sword Spirit and a wisp of his soul in the Divine Tool, Luo Zheng had all his fighting capacity, it would not be easy to defeat him.
"Ice Seal the World! Watch me freeze you into an ice cube! "
The wisp of the Ice Sword Celestial Being's soul controlled the Sword Spirit to stab at Luo Zheng. With this stab, Luo Zheng suddenly felt an extremely cold feeling. Even his consciousness seemed to have slowed down. The surrounding space was filled with biting cold, and there were pieces of visible ice crystals in the biting cold.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of fire. His body could resist the burning of many flames, but he did not have a good way to deal with the cold. In this space, Luo Zheng's speed was greatly reduced, so he could only fight hard.
"Raise the sword!"
Luo Zheng struck with his sword, and the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, suddenly released his killing intent.
The killing intent turned into threads and actually cracked the pieces of ice crystals in an instant!
With the help of the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye's killing intent, Luo Zheng's sword was like a hot knife through butter, forcibly breaking the Ice Sword Celestial Being's killing intent.
"This is impossible! Your killing intent can't be this strong! " The wisp of the Ice Sword Celestial Being's soul was stunned. The Ice Sword Celestial Being was able to enter the Massacre Sword Mountain because he cultivated the Massacre Sword Dao and was very proficient in killing intent.
In particular, the killing intent on Luo Zheng's body was not strong at all, but the killing intent in his sword was so shocking!
The Ice Sword Celestial Being did not know that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit had just been formed, and his killing intent did not come from himself, but from the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye.
"Pu!"
"Kuang Kuang Kuang …"
When Luo Zheng broke the Ice Sword Celestial Being's killing intent, he stabbed with his sword again. This time, the Sword Spirit directly penetrated the Ice Sword Celestial Being's Sword Spirit. Layer by layer, the Ice Sword Celestial Being's Sword Spirit shattered with the sound of glass shattering, and slowly dissipated in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
After that, the Saint Artifact was inserted into the ground again, and a large amount of blue light poured out of the Saint Artifact and entered Luo Zheng's body.
"This killing intent, which is also known as killing intent, is actually so strong! No wonder that woman from the Yao Ye Clan could walk all the way to the mountainside with a low-grade Xuan Artifact. "Luo Zheng finally understood why the low-grade Xuan Artifact was inserted into the mountainside. This strong killing intent was what made her so outstanding!
"If that's the case, then this Slaughtering Sword Mountain will be of great use to me. Should I stab my sword in now?" Luo Zheng walked past the mountainside and was now on the ridge. He was at a higher level than before.
He looked up and saw that the number of Saint Artifacts was not as high as the number of Immortal Artifacts, but the number of Saint Artifacts in front of him was not small. He had encountered a Sword Spirit in the first Saint Artifact, so he was afraid that the Sword Spirits in the following Saint Artifacts would be even more powerful.
"Enough, you have reached this step, which is very amazing. Countless sword geniuses have gathered on this Slaughter Sword Mountain, and the owner of each sword you have seen is a genius swordsman who has at least comprehended the perfect Sword Intent. You are only at the Xiantian second stage, but you have already broken through these layers of obstacles and placed your Immortal Artifact on the same level as a Saint Artifact." Qinglong slowly said: "You see, I'm afraid that you will not be able to defeat the next sword."
Not far away from Luo Zheng, there was a Saint Artifact which was shining with a golden luster. It was a broad-bladed sword, and its width was even wider than Luo Zheng's body, and its length was more than seven feet. One could imagine that the owner of this sword was a colossus. What made Luo Zheng feel even more pressure was that there were traces of red energy circulating on the surface of the broad-bladed sword. This energy should be the Evil Spirit which had been compressed to the extreme. Luo Zheng felt frightened just by looking at it.
Indeed, Luo Zheng knew his own limits. He had defeated the Sword Spirit of the Ice Sword Celestial Being by relying on the Evil Spirit of the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye. He had reached the limit of his strength.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to intend to give up.
He took two steps back, held the Flowing Light Sword in his hand, and began to fiercely dash forward.
"Boy, you …" Qinglong suddenly felt speechless when he saw this scene in his mind.
Luo Zheng had unexpectedly thrown his sword forward after failing to break through.

Chapter 290
Whoever was able to stick their sword in a higher place would be able to obtain greater help from the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
Any sword genius that entered the Slaughtering Sword Mountain would try their best to stick their sword in the highest place possible. Therefore, in order to get rid of the sword intent and sword spirit contained within the treasured swords, one had to go through this path.
But when Luo Zheng was unable to defeat the next sword, his only choice was to throw his sword out.
It was unknown whether Luo Zheng was the first person to do this in the Slaughtering Sword Mountain for so many years. If he was successful, then he would be able to stick his sword in a higher place.
Luo Zheng was born with innate divine strength. When he threw his sword out, he mobilized the power of the dragon scale.
The Flowing Light Sword drew a bright silver light in the air. Like a meteor, it passed through countless sacred tools and continued to soar upwards!
After flying for a full three breaths of time, the Flowing Light Sword lost its power and fell down. It then ruthlessly stabbed into the middle of the mountain ridge. One must know that this was the location of a high-grade sacred tool. Luo Zheng's low-grade immortal tool was incomparably conspicuous …
Seeing this scene, Qinglong was speechless for a long time. The Slaughtering Sword Mountain was a special holy land. The rules inside were a set of its own. Therefore, from beginning to end, Qinglong did not help Luo Zheng. He was worried that Luo Zheng would violate the rules of the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
It was very likely that the sword that was inserted would not be recognized by the Slaughtering Sword Mountain and would be bounced back. What was even more serious was that Luo Zheng would be directly expelled from the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
However, Luo Zheng's sword was firmly inserted into the mountain ridge. Then, it emitted a faint light. That was the Flowing Light Sword establishing a connection with Luo Zheng. Obviously, Luo Zheng's sword had been recognized by the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
"Is this really possible? How can this be … "
At this moment, Qinglong felt that his brain could not wrap itself around this. Qinglong had lived for hundreds of thousands of years compared to Luo Zheng. But now, he suddenly discovered that some of his ideas had been defeated by Luo Zheng.
In fact, Luo Zheng just wanted to give it a try and see if it would work. He didn't expect it to work.
It was a pity that he was not strong enough. If he was strong enough, he might be able to throw his sword to the top of the mountain and stand side by side with those divine weapons, or even higher grade weapons.
As a human being, one should not be too greedy. Luo Zheng's current position was not bad. It was far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
After the Flowing Light Sword pierced the mountain, Luo Zheng immediately felt a change in his body. A very special feeling appeared in his heart as if his entire body was connected to this huge sword mountain by blood! There was an invisible passage between his body and the Massacre Sword Mountain.
Before Luo Zheng could appreciate this magical feeling, the Massacre Sword Mountain collapsed in front of Luo Zheng's eyes. The whole world of the Massacre Sword Mountain turned into ashes, and his consciousness withdrew from the Massacre Sword Mountain.
When his consciousness returned, the Azure Dragon smiled faintly and said, "You really defeated me. However, I am indeed surprised that you were able to stab your sword so high up. The Dao of Massacre can be considered a true Dao of the strong. You should make good use of it. After being tormented for so long, I should sleep for a while."
Even though he had swallowed a section of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear, it could not provide too much energy for Qinglong. After all, for a huge real dragon, a Flood Dragon Bone Spear was too little.
When Qinglong gradually fell asleep, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes.
"Luo Zheng woke up! He finally woke up! "
"I didn't expect it to take him so long to comprehend the Perfect Sword Essence!"
"Hua Tianming hasn't woken up yet. Hua Tianming took even longer!"
Luo Zheng glanced at Hua Tianming, who was not far away. Hua Tianming's eyes were still closed, as if he was still in a state of epiphany.
According to Qinglong, the moment Hua Tianming comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, he should have been connected to another place to accept the trial.
The Massacre Sword Mountain was not the only Holy Place in this world. Luo Zheng did not know where Hua Tianming had entered, and he had not woken up until now.
However, the moment Luo Zheng woke up, Hua Tianming suddenly opened his eyes.
The moment Hua Tianming opened his eyes, an extremely sharp Sword Essence suddenly erupted from his body. The Sword Essence formed a huge cyclone that rose to the sky, and there were traces of lightning flashing in the cyclone!
"Hua Tianming's Sword Essence has an additional power of lightning?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. The bright blue lightning seemed to be of a high level, and it fused with his Sword Essence, faintly combining with a trace of the Way of Heaven!
"What an exaggerated Qi Power. It's almost like the lightning in the sky. Alas, I don't know what great opportunity Hua Tianming had. He just sat there for two hours, and he made such a big breakthrough. I can't catch up with him in my lifetime."
"Nonsense. Even if Hua Tianming did not comprehend the Perfect Sword Essence, do you think you can catch up with him?"
"However, in contrast, Luo Zheng also comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, but his harvest seems to be less. He just woke up and did not burst out too much Qi Power."
When Luo Zheng heard such discussions, he suddenly smiled slightly.
The connection between him and the Massacre Sword Mountain was his greatest harvest. However, this harvest could not be seen in a short time. It would only appear after he cultivated the Massacre Sword Principle. His other harvest was the Sword Spirit, Moon Demon. Moon Demon itself had a very strong Evil Spirit. It had just been formed, and it had become a big battle force that Luo Zheng could rely on.
However, Luo Zheng put Moon Demon away and did not reveal it. Naturally, the Evil Spirit would not overflow. Of course, others could not sense any changes in him.
Hua Tianming's Sword Essence unexpectedly overflowed for a while, and then slowly retracted. Then Hua Tianming let out a long breath, and a smile appeared on his face. Given Hua Tianming's personality, if he had such a happy expression on his face, he must have gained a lot.
Hua Tianming's harvest was indeed great!
The moment he comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, his whole body was pulled into a place called the "Sword-cleansing Pool"!
Hua Tianming was obsessed with the Sword Principle. He paid attention to some legends and comprehensions of swordsmen. He had once read about the Sword-cleansing Pool in an ancient book. It was a half-Saint place!
How could Hua Tianming not be happy when he discovered that he had the opportunity to enter the Sword-cleansing Pool? Among the tens of thousands of swordsmen, how many would have the opportunity to enter a half-Saint place to cleanse their Sword Essence?
Cleansing a sword in the Sword-cleansing Pool could not only temper his Sword Essence, but also give his Sword Essence a layer of special attributes.
Therefore, Hua Tianming placed his sword in the Sword-cleansing Pool and began to cleanse it.
After a long time, there was finally a change in the Sword-cleansing Pool. The water of the Sword-cleansing Pool emitted bright blue thunder and lightning. These thunder and lightning crazily poured into Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword and his body. Finally, these thunder and lightning merged with his Sword Essence.
He gave his Sword Essence a name — Extreme Thunder Sword Essence!
Thunder and lightning were punishment from the heavens. It was a kind of celestial phenomenon. Hua Tianming cultivated the "Heavenly Sword". The two kinds of momentum, Heavenly Thunder and Heavenly Sword, were coupled to each other, increasing its power! Therefore, the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence had a very obvious effect on Hua Tianming's improvement.
"Congratulations, Brother Hua Tianming. It seems that you have obtained a great opportunity," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hua Tianming nodded. He didn't need to be modest. Being able to enter a legendary half-Saint place to cultivate was enough to show that his luck was strong.
People with this kind of luck were all favored by the heavens, favored by the heavens. There probably wouldn't be a second person like this in the entire Eastern Region in a thousand years. If Hua Tianming was still modest, then he would be a hypocrite.
"I used all my strength in the previous sword attack, but I still couldn't defeat you. In fact, it's already my loss," Hua Tianming said. "However, both of us comprehended Perfect Sword Essence at the same time, which led to the termination of the battle. It's also considered an accident. Therefore, I want to compete with Brother Luo Zheng again!"
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng nodded. "I naturally won't back down from Brother Hua Tianming's challenge. This battle is destined to determine the true victor."
Many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect sat in place and waited for the two of them to comprehend for more than two hours. They were all a little bored.
The disciples guarding the letter tablet on the 33 peaks were still fine. Now that there was nothing to watch, they could temporarily leave the letter tablet and do what they needed to do. However, the disciples at the scene of the All-Peak Tournament couldn't do the same.
Just now, when they heard Hua Tianming say that it was already his loss, the disciples of the peaks were ready to curse.
After waiting for so long, you just admit defeat? Hua Tianming, are you kidding me?
However, immediately after Hua Tianming said that they would compete with each other again, the scene suddenly boiled over.
Hua Tianming's "Heavenly Sword" alone was already so terrifying. Now that he had comprehended Perfect Sword Essence, and there was also the power of thunder and lightning in his Sword Essence, how powerful could he be now?
"He won't turn Luo Zheng into charcoal with one sword attack, right?" a disciple said.
"I don't know if he will turn Luo Zheng into charcoal, but Luo Zheng will be very difficult to deal with," another disciple said.
"Well, I did think highly of Luo Zheng before, but now it's hard to say. It's obvious that both of them have comprehended Perfect Sword Essence, but Hua Tianming's harvest seems to be far more than Luo Zheng's. On the other hand, when Luo Zheng woke up from his epiphany, he didn't have any imposing manner. It seems that he didn't get any benefits from the epiphany," another disciple analyzed.
Epiphany was indeed a great opportunity for a warrior, but no one stipulated that as long as one was in an epiphany, there would be benefits. Some people did enter a state of epiphany, but in the end, they didn't get anything. This kind of situation could be found everywhere.
Hua Tianming raised his Corrosive Blood Sword slightly. After comprehending Perfect Sword Essence, each of the Sword Essence cyclones was fuller and more complete, and there were traces of thunder and lightning hidden in them. Hua Tianming himself was very clear that the thunder and lightning obtained from the Sword-cleansing Pool was not ordinary thunder and lightning. The power of this thunder and lightning was absolutely beyond the imagination of most people.
With this sword attack, Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated by him!
Just as Hua Tianming confidently began to accumulate power, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and Yao Ye condensed from the Sword Spirit slowly appeared beside him.

Chapter 291
Yao Ye's appearance wasn't exactly the same as a human's.
Her hair was much softer, and her trimmed fringe made her seem even more refreshing.
Beneath her soft and fine hair was an extremely fair face. Every single part of her face was in the golden ratio. It was fine if this peerlessly beautiful face didn't smile, but if it did smile, then it would naturally charm all living beings.
Her attire was completely different from the attire of the eastern territory's humans. Her attire was much bolder and unrestrained. For example, her armor merely covered her chest while the hollow armor accentuated her bare waist. Her legs were shockingly long, and it made her seem even taller. But in reality, her height really wasn't much different from Luo Zheng.
Because Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, was practically a perfect replica of that woman from the Yao Ye Clan, she looked extremely lifelike. Besides her slightly stiff expression, she instantly intimidated many people, and they were all puzzled as to why such a beautiful woman would suddenly appear in the arena.
Jade Maiden Peak, Pure Heart Hall. An enormous letter tablet was placed at the center of Pure Heart Hall.
The female disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were much more particular than the male disciples. Some disciples of the peaks, such as Xiao Yufeng, were directly placed on the drill grounds, and everyone else sat on the dusty drill grounds to watch the letter tablet.
On the other hand, the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak had cleaned up Pure Heart Hall and placed numerous meditation mats in the hall. All the female disciples sat on the meditation mats to watch the Peak Competition. There were even many snacks placed beside the meditation mats like five spice pine nuts, green tea, melon seeds, and so on and so forth.
Zhu Qianning leaned on the meditation mat and watched Luo Zheng's performance in the Peak Competition the entire time.
Zhu Qianning's sisters were aware of her intentions, and they were joking around in the beginning. If Luo Zheng won, they would tease Zhu Qianning with melodious voices. "Oh! Our Big Brother Luo Zheng has won again! "
Although Zhu Qianning looked angry, her heart was warm. The feelings of a young girl were often so simple.
However, with the rapid rise of Luo Zheng in the All-Sect Competition, the whole Blue Cloud Sect was shocked. When the female disciples looked at Luo Zheng again, they had a special look in their eyes. Which girl didn't yearn for love? In the hearts of the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak, Luo Zheng's position was constantly rising.
A person like Luo Zheng would definitely shine brightly in the future!
Even Zhu Qianning's sisters stopped joking around with Zhu Qianning …
The world of martial artists might be very warm at times, but most of the time, it was snobbish and realistic. With Zhu Qianning's appearance and background, she might be one of the top existences in the entire Eastern Region. For many people, she might be an unattainable goddess in this lifetime, and they wouldn't even have the thought of climbing up to her. The gap between them was too big.
Originally, they might have thought that Zhu Qianning and Luo Zheng were a match made in heaven. Even Luo Zheng's background was low, and he gave off the feeling that he was a phoenix. If he and Zhu Qianning were a couple, they would feel that they were climbing up the social ladder.
But now, the situation was reversed.
With the talent that Luo Zheng had shown, the Eastern Region simply couldn't accommodate him. Luo Zheng was destined to jump out of the Eastern Region and release his brilliance in the wider world. Perhaps even the princess of the Burning Sky Dynasty was a bit of a stretch to be a match for Luo Zheng.
Therefore, when Zhu Qianning saw Luo Zheng's performance, she felt both gratified and disappointed …
When she first met Luo Zheng, she was still able to carefully protect her sense of superiority and maintain her little pride. But this youngster was growing rapidly, and the speed of his growth made it hard for her to breathe. At the same time, Zhu Qianning felt that the distance between them was getting farther and farther.
In this complicated mood, she suddenly saw a stunning woman appear next to Luo Zheng. It was easy to imagine how depressed she felt.
"Who is that woman? How did she suddenly appear next to him? "Zhu Qianning wanted to ask, but obviously, no one around her could answer …
Zhu Qianning was definitely not the only one who wanted to ask who that woman was.
In fact, most of the people present couldn't wrap their heads around the situation. They all wanted to ask, "Who is that woman? How did she suddenly appear like a ghost?! "
Even a few Perfected Masters with poor eyesight were stunned. They couldn't tell who she was.
"Sword Spirit, and a transformed Sword Spirit. Elder Xu, don't tell me that this Sword Spirit was just comprehended by Luo Zheng! And don't tell me that this Sword Spirit was just transformed. "Shi Jingtian muttered as he looked at the stunning woman in the arena.
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Elder Xu felt depressed. What can I tell you? Didn't you see it clearly? It's not like you don't know that a swordsman needs to comprehend the Perfect Sword Intent to be able to condense a Sword Spirit. As for the time needed to transform a Sword Spirit, it would take at least a few years. If the swordsman wasn't talented enough, even if he comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, he wouldn't be able to condense a Sword Spirit! Everything is fate!
Luo Zheng's life was too damn good. Elder Xu's heart was really jealous. With Elder Xu's strength and temperament, he wouldn't even blink an eye even if the mountains collapsed. But how could he not be jealous of Luo Zheng's monstrous talent?
Pei Tianyao, who was always as calm as water and as steady as a mountain, had a strange look in his eyes. The moment he saw Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, he didn't have the mood to meditate anymore. Practicing Buddhism required one's temperament. Pei Tianyao's temperament was very good. It was so good that it made people's hair stand on end. But at this moment, he really couldn't calm down.
This was like a monk who recited scriptures all day long. Every day, he lived a life of morning bell and evening drum. He seemed to have seen through all the glory and wealth in the world. He was devoted to Buddhism and believed that one day, he would receive the true teachings of Buddha. But suddenly, one day, a young monk came to the temple. This young monk didn't cultivate for many days, but inexplicably, he encountered the true Buddha and received the true teachings of Buddha.
When he encountered something like this, Pei Tianyao could only laugh bitterly and curse in his heart. How fucking unfair!
Mo Yuxin asked incessantly from the side as well. "Senior Brother Pei, what exactly is that? I don't feel like a human! How could such a woman appear here? "
Mo Yuxin relied on the intuition of a Divine Beast's bloodline. She sensed a strange feeling from Yao Ye. She was able to discern that he wasn't a real person, but she didn't know what he was!
"That's a Sword Spirit!" Pei Tianyao was slightly irritated by the questions, and he answered impatiently.
"Oh!" Mo Yuxin puckered her lips. She couldn't figure out why Senior Brother Pei was unhappy. Why was he unhappy? A Sword Spirit is a Sword Spirit! What's so great about it!? Hmph!
Hua Tianming had just condensed his Extreme Lightning Sword Intent, but his body suddenly trembled when he saw Luo Zheng summon a Sword Spirit. If one didn't know what was going on, one would think that Hua Tianming had been electrocuted by his own lightning.
After that, a trace of a bitter smile appeared on Hua Tianming's face, and it was a very bitter smile. After that, he shook his head and said, "I thought that comprehending a trace of Lightning Intent in the Sword Purification Pool and fusing it with my own Sword Intent was a great fortuitous encounter. After all, it's the Sword Purification Pool. I'm afraid no one in the eastern territory has been able to enter it for a few thousand years. This fortuitous encounter made me very happy and proud. I never expected that …." Hua Tianming took a deep breath and said, "I never expected that you would directly condense a Sword Spirit and even take form!"
It wasn't until Hua Tianming said those words that the disciples finally understood.
"A Sword Spirit! That woman by Luo Zheng's side is a Sword Spirit? "
"Since Hua Tianming said so, it must be a Sword Spirit. I remember that there is a record of a Sword Spirit in the ancient book of Sword Principle. After comprehending the Perfect Sword Intent, one can cultivate a Sword Spirit! But the ancient book says that it takes at least three to five years, and at most several decades. Even if some swordsmen comprehend the Perfect Sword Intent, they still can't condense a Sword Spirit! "
"That ancient book of yours is fake, isn't it? Luo Zheng comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent less than four hours ago. Doesn't he already have a Sword Spirit? "
"I don't know. That's what the ancient book says. I guess … it's not that the ancient book is wrong, but that Luo Zheng directly … overthrew the common sense recorded in the ancient book."
Luo Zheng had directly transformed a Sword Spirit. Even Qinglong, who had lived for countless years and had seen countless people in Luo Zheng's mind, was shocked. Therefore, in the eyes of the people of the Eastern Region, condensing a Sword Spirit and transforming it in four hours was simply incomprehensible. Therefore, overthrowing the records in the ancient book was inevitable.
"The Sword-Cleansing Pool I'm in is a half-step Holy Land. I wonder where Brother Luo Zheng entered when he comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent? What did you see? " Hua Tianming asked these questions, and at the same time added, "If you feel it's inconvenient to say, you don't have to say."
Luo Zheng shook his head. There was nothing to hide. "A mountain, a place called the Massacre Sword Mountain."
"Massacre Sword Mountain!" Hua Tianming's pupils contracted.
The Sword-Cleansing Pool could only be considered a half-step Holy Land! There were many Holy Lands above the Sword-Cleansing Pool! With Hua Tianming's memory, he certainly remembered the records in the ancient book. The Massacre Sword Mountain, the Tidal Sword Tomb, and the Heavenly Sword Stele were the leaders of all the Sword Holy Lands. They were known as the Three Great Sword Holy Lands!
If he could choose, Hua Tianming would most like to choose the Heavenly Sword Stele, because it was the most compatible with the 《Heavenly Sword》 cultivation method he cultivated. It also gave him the greatest insight. However, this thing relied entirely on luck. It had always been the Holy Land that chose people. If no one chose a Holy Land, Hua Tianming was simply not qualified!
"You're too strong, Luo Zheng. Although I previously felt that I was not as good as Pei Tianyao, in the end, I could still catch up with him. However, you … are the first person I feel that I can't catch up with." Hua Tianming's face revealed a bleak expression. "However, there are too many geniuses in this world. There are so many that I can't imagine. In the Eastern Region, I can be considered a genius. Perhaps in the Central Domain, I'm nothing! However, I want to catch up with you. Even if I can't catch up with you, it's enough for me to achieve greater things! "
If you can't catch up with a genius, then follow closely in his footsteps!
It had to be said that Hua Tianming's temperament was also excellent. At least, he wasn't like some people who went crazy with jealousy, or even developed a heart demon.
"Therefore, even though I know that I can't beat you, I still have to compete with this sword!" After Hua Tianming finished speaking, the Blood Corroding Sword in his hand surged with wind and thunder. Perfect sword intent whistled, and this sword that had been accumulating power for a long time stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 292
Frankly speaking, Luo Zheng really admired Hua Tianming as well.
It was very rare for someone to be able to maintain such a mentality after walking step by step all the way up to where he was now.
Some disciples who were born from the grassroots would forget themselves after obtaining a little bit of success, and they would feel that they were geniuses of the heavens, dragons amongst men, and insufferably arrogant! They would gradually slack off on their cultivation. Even if their natural talent wasn't bad, their Martial Dao Heart would be flattened and damaged in the end, and they would slowly sink down and become extremely mediocre.
However, Hua Tianming wasn't arrogant or rash. Even if Luo Zheng's display made him feel despair and unreachable, he still maintained a very good mentality and didn't feel discouraged. At the same time, he said that he didn't seek to surpass Luo Zheng and only sought to follow in Luo Zheng's footsteps!
Perhaps there were people in the world who possessed greater natural talent than Hua Tianming, but there weren't many geniuses who possessed Hua Tianming's magnanimity.
Even though his words were humble, his moves weren't humble at all. Luo Zheng still couldn't underestimate this attack of his.
Hua Tianming's Heavenly Sword was originally able to draw support from the might of the heavens, and its might was extremely terrifying. After he comprehended Perfection Sword Intent, his Sword Intent had become full and even fiercer! Most importantly, he'd comprehended a trace of the energy of lightning in the Sword Purification Pool!
The energy of lightning combined with the might of the heavens! The combination of the two was equivalent to Heavenly Punishment!
Luo Zheng's expression became solemn when he saw Heavenly Punishment.
The Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, was instantly split into fine strands of Sword Intent under Luo Zheng's control, and they fused into Luo Zheng's Flowing Light.
Actually, Luo Zheng wasn't very skilled in controlling the Sword Spirit right now. If Luo Zheng was skilled in controlling it, then there was no need for him to summon the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, and attach it to his Flowing Light. He could just insert it into the sword himself.
However, this was only a technique, and as Luo Zheng became more and more skilled in controlling the Sword Spirit, he would quickly grasp the method behind it.
Yao Ye already possessed extremely strong baleful energy, and only the heavens knew how many living beings this young woman had slaughtered in the past to be able to gather so much baleful energy. When she was standing next to Luo Zheng, she was able to control all the killing intent in her body. But when she attached herself to Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword, the surging killing intent immediately erupted!
A butcher who slaughtered cows and pigs every day would slowly accumulate a baleful aura over time. However, this baleful aura was relatively low. Some sensitive people would be able to sense it and say that this person's killing intent was very strong. However, most people who were slow would not be able to sense it. In this aspect, dogs were the most sensitive. Therefore, when butchers walked on the streets, many dogs would bark at them. This was because the murderous aura that emerged from the butcher's body made the perceptive dogs very afraid.
From this, it could be seen that the baleful aura could bring about the most concrete threat to living beings. Compared to the various auras, the offensive nature of the baleful aura was clearly more direct!
It was just like those veterans on the battlefield. Just a single gaze from them was enough to make one's hair stand on end and be unable to move. That was ability.
Luo Zheng's baleful aura wasn't strong. Even though fate had forced Luo Zheng to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain and choose the Slaughter Sword Dao, the accumulation of baleful aura couldn't be completed overnight, and he still hadn't gained a basic grasp of the Slaughter Sword Dao.
However, this didn't affect Luo Zheng's ability to utilize Yao Ye's own baleful aura.
As soon as Yao Ye attached himself to his Flowing Light Sword, the surging baleful aura instantly swept out.
Under the influence of the baleful aura, it was like they weren't facing a person but an asura that had come from hell! Moreover, this asura was extremely cruel, and he would chop off his own head at any moment.
The legs of some cowardly disciples trembled when they witnessed this scene, and they actually fell to the ground.
"AH! Luo Zheng has become a devil! "Some disciples were affected by the baleful aura, and their voices became slightly hysterical.
"What a terrifying aura of slaughter! What exactly has he experienced? I didn't notice it before this, so why has it suddenly become so terrifying!?" Many disciples had reverence in their eyes!
The two terrifying auras instantly collided.
Hua Tianming's sword represented the might of the heavens. At this instant, he seemed to have transformed into the messenger of the heavens, and he was about to send down heavenly punishment to the sinful mortals of the world!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng was an asura that had risen up against the heavens. His Slaughter Sword Dao was bound to slaughter everything in the world, and he was going to prove his Dao through slaughter! He was going to destroy the heavens through slaughter!
"Boom!"
As soon as the two of them collided, two extremely powerful yet completely different swords started to collide, and they emanated a violent explosion.
Streaks of lightning that resembled heavenly punishment followed the sword intent and rushed towards Luo Zheng. However, the baleful aura on Luo Zheng's sword transformed into tiny strands of baleful aura that met the lightning. When the baleful aura strands of baleful aura came into contact with the lightning, many of them were shattered by the lightning.
However, the baleful aura was endless. As soon as it was shattered by the lightning, another would surge out and continuously roll back.
Finally, under the consumption of the baleful aura, Hua Tianming's sword aura finally weakened, and the surging lightning was finally disintegrated by the baleful aura.
The Slaughter Sword Dao was such an unreasonable sect. It was strong and powerful, and this was because Luo Zheng didn't cultivate a cultivation technique that used baleful aura. If he cultivated a cultivation technique that matched his baleful aura, his power would be ten times stronger than it was now.
Although the Slaughter Sword Dao was powerful, its shortcomings were also obvious. If the Slaughter Qi was too strong, there would be inner demons, and the baleful aura would backfire. However, after Luo Zheng and the Slaughter Sword Mountain were connected, this problem was easily solved!
After his sword was broken, Hua Tianming withdrew his move and stabbed the Devouring Blood Sword back.
Strictly speaking, the two of them didn't have a clear winner.
However, it wasn't that Hua Tianming didn't want to fight, because Hua Tianming knew that if he used all his strength, Luo Zheng would also use all his strength, and he would still be defeated in the end.
Using all his strength referred to fighting against an opponent whose strength was on par with his. Perhaps he could win the final battle because of that little bit of advantage. However, when he comprehended perfect sword intent, Hua Tianming had already lost to Luo Zheng. After comprehending perfect sword intent, Hua Tianming's strength was further and further away from Luo Zheng's.
Under such circumstances, it was meaningless to fight against Luo Zheng.
"I lost!" Hua Tianming said loudly.
After the referee heard this, he announced, "Xiao Yufeng's disciple, Luo Zheng, wins. Tianyi Peak's disciple, Hua Tianming, loses!"
"First place, first place!" The mentors on Xiao Yufeng's peak clapped their hands in celebration.
Mentor Wen's eyes were wet. After this battle, Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming. Now, the first place of the 33 peaks had finally emerged.
Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming and became the first disciple of the 33 peaks. Because of Luo Zheng's strength, Xiao Yufeng also became the first disciple of the 33 peaks!
From the last of the 33 peaks to the first, Xiao Yufeng could be considered to have created a miracle, and the creator of this miracle was none other than Luo Zheng!
Xiao Yufeng's mentors and many disciples felt that this was somewhat unreal. It was as if they were having an extremely sweet dream, and they hoped that they would never wake up from this dream.
Now, the only opponent in front of Luo Zheng was only one person, and that was Pei Tianyao.
Up until now, no one had forced Pei Tianyao to reveal his true strength. Other than Li Yifeng, Pei Tianyao was the first disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. His hidden strength was simply unfathomable.
Luo Zheng also knew that there would be a fierce battle between him and Pei Tianyao!
Before reaching the Perfect Sword Intent, Luo Zheng might not have had much confidence. However, after comprehending the Perfect Sword Intent and obtaining the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, his confidence had steadily increased.
However, Luo Zheng still couldn't determine what his chances of winning were against Pei Tianyao.
After all, he didn't have a reference to measure his strength!
It would be best if he could find a powerful person to fight against Pei Tianyao …
Unfortunately, there weren't many people who were qualified to fight against Pei Tianyao. Xie Yun was so powerful that he was instantly killed by Pei Tianyao. Wang Yun's Flood Dragon Bone Spear was swallowed by Luo Zheng, so he couldn't display his full strength. As for Mo Yuxin, it was even more different. That girl would probably use her full strength to fight against Luo Zheng. If she fought against Pei Tianyao, she probably wouldn't fight seriously, and would probably directly admit defeat.
What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that while he was analyzing this problem in his mind, Mo Yuxin really got to fight against Pei Tianyao in the arena.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, Mo Yuxin smiled and admitted defeat as soon as she got on the stage …
This girl would only show her ruthlessness when she fought against him. Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head.
Apparently, God still cared for Luo Zheng. What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that just after Mo Yuxin admitted defeat, the referee announced the results of the draw. Pei Tianyao actually won consecutive battles! Moreover, this battle was actually between Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming!
Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile. There weren't many people who could force Pei Tianyao to reveal his true strength, and Hua Tianming was the best candidate.

Chapter 293
Either way, it was very advantageous to Luo Zheng.
Currently, Luo Zheng only had Pei Tianyao as his opponent on the Honor Roll.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect still had a "Great Senior Brother" Li Yifeng, he was still in closed-door training. A martial artist's closed-door training time was long and short, but for someone at Li Yifeng's level, it could be as short as three months and as long as a year. The probability of him daring to participate in the All-Sect Competition was not high.
Therefore, Pei Tianyao was Luo Zheng's last opponent. Defeating him would make him stand at the peak of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao's fight was also very interesting.
Although Hua Tianming had lost to Luo Zheng in the previous fight, this did not mean that Hua Tianming was weak. The key point was that he was very abnormal.
In the eyes of everyone, Luo Zheng, who was at Xiantian stage two, had become a complete monster. Humans … … could not be compared with monsters.
Hua Tianming's display of strength left others in the dust, and Pei Tianyao's hidden strength, this fight was very interesting.
After the referee called the names of the two people, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao walked onto the stage at the same time.
Pei Tianyao's aura was still restrained. He said to Hua Tianming indifferently, "I've been waiting for this fight for too long."
"Me too," Hua Tianming nodded.
The two people had been observing each other for too long. There was no need for more words.
After Hua Tianming had broken through to Perfect Sword Intent, he had entered the Sword Cleansing Pool to gain experience. His strength had suddenly soared. However, after meeting Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming's arrogance had been dampened a bit. It made him understand that there was always a mountain higher than the other.
Pei Tianyao was very restrained. From beginning to end, he had not revealed his strength. He was like a volcano in the twilight.
No one knew what kind of power this volcano would produce when it erupted!
Hua Tianming was the first to draw his sword. Using his sword steps, he approached Pei Tianyao almost instantly.
Both sides did not fight too hard at the beginning, as if they wanted to gain the upper hand in their moves. Hua Tianming clearly had the advantage because he had a sword and sword steps!
However, when Hua Tianming got close to Pei Tianyao, she found out that she was wrong. She was wrong.
Indeed, Pei Tianyao did not have a weapon. At this time, he did not even use Buddha's Reincarnation. However, his martial skills were equally powerful.
His hands flickered with golden light. Under the protection of these golden lights, his hands were actually able to receive Hua Tianming's sword!
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Hua Tianming stabbed his sword twelve times in a row. However, Pei Tianyao's speed was not slow at all. His pair of steady and powerful hands were constantly fluttering. They were like leaves in the wind, slapping Hua Tianming's sword.
In the eyes of the crowd, this scene was really a bit shocking. Pei Tianyao was actually able to block Hua Tianming's sword with just his body. His body seemed to be too tyrannical. Even Luo Zheng, who was known for his tyrannical body, could not do this, right?
However, some disciples with sharp eyes could see that the actual situation was not so.
The palm technique that Pei Tianyao used was the Buddhist's Great Thousand Leaf Hands. This set of palm techniques demonstrated the extreme control of power and speed. Although it seemed that each of his palms was directly slapping Hua Tianming's sword, in fact, each of his palms was skillful. The power was released from the side, and Hua Tianming's sword was slapped away.
Under the rapid attack of Pei Tianyao's Great Thousand Leaf Hands, Hua Tianming constantly changed his sword steps. From time to time, he would get close to Pei Tianyao, then widen the distance again. He repeated this repeatedly, but he could not break through Pei Tianyao's defense.
As the rhythm of the two's attacks became brighter and brighter, Pei Tianyao showed more of his foundation.
《Great Thousand Leaf Hands》, 《Formless Finger of Calamity》, 《Great Wisdom Palm》, 《Doro Leaf Finger》, 《Indefinite Finger of Great Wisdom》 …
All kinds of magical Buddhist techniques emerged one after another, making it impossible for Hua Tianming to guard against them …
Many disciples were also stunned.
"How does Pei Tianyao have so many Buddhist techniques?"
"Don't tell me he robbed some Buddhist sect's treasure vault …"
"Dream on. There is no Buddhist sect in the Eastern Domain, and the Heaven Zen Temple and Heavenly Dragon Temple in the Central Domain are all sects with a long history. No matter which sect it is, their foundation is comparable to our Cloud Hall. How could they be robbed by him?"
However, Buddhist techniques were very mysterious, so there were very few Buddhist techniques in the outside world. All of the techniques that Pei Tianyao used were very precious, but no one knew where he learned them from.
Under the dazzling counterattack of the various palm techniques and finger techniques, Hua Tianming relied on his Corrosive Blood Sword to not only not gain the upper hand, but was also restrained. There were even a few times when he was forced to retreat by Pei Tianyao's strange moves.
Realizing that he could not gain the upper hand early, Hua Tianming finally took two steps back, raised his Corrosive Blood Sword, and began to accumulate power.
A majestic aura began to converge towards Hua Tianming, he was about to activate the 《Heavenly Sword》.
Feeling the aura emitted by Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao's expression turned solemn. Although Luo Zheng broke Hua Tianming's 《Heavenly Sword》, it did not mean that Hua Tianming was weak, but that Luo Zheng was too strong.
"Buddha's Reincarnation!"
Six small golden beads floated up from his side.
These six golden beads were known as the Six Paths Beads, each of them contained a trace of the Six Paths' power of the realms.
As soon as Pei Tianyao summoned the Six Paths Beads, the six golden beads started spinning slowly. Previously, Pei Tianyao had used this move to defeat Xie Yun in a single strike. Furthermore, he used the Six Paths Beads to absorb Xie Yun's attack and deflect it back!
Therefore, when Pei Tianyao summoned this attack, Hua Tianming's expression turned serious.
"Sword of Heavenly Punishment!"
Knowing how terrifying Pei Tianyao's Six Paths Beads was, Hua Tianming would not hold back. If Hua Tianming absorbed his attack, he would be in a passive position. Therefore, when they saw Hua Tianming decisively using his strongest attack, many nodded in agreement. If they were in Pei Tianyao's shoes, they would have done the same, because it was the wisest choice.
Although the Six Paths Beads was powerful, it could not imprison energy indefinitely. There was a limit, and as long as this limit was broken, his Buddha's Reincarnation would be broken!
Pei Tianyao's Sword of Heavenly Punishment was extremely powerful, as if it was the punishment of heaven. A perfect sword will as thick as a water bucket shot towards Pei Tianyao.
"Weng weng weng!"
At the same time, Pei Tianyao's Six Paths Bead started spinning at a crazy speed. Due to the extreme speed, the six beads looked like a shining golden circle. It was this golden circle that trapped Hua Tianming's Extreme Lightning Sword Will within.
"Imprison!" Pei Tianyao's eyes flashed, and the force field in the golden circle began to change. Hua Tianming's sword was as fast as lightning, but now, it was extremely slow. It was obvious that it was about to be immobilized by the golden circle.
If Hua Tianming's sword was immobilized, Pei Tianyao could reverse the Six Paths Beads and reflect Hua Tianming's attack back. If that happened, Hua Tianming would definitely lose.
Hua Tianming, of course, would not give Pei Tianyao this chance. Since he attacked with all his might, he would burn his True Yuan to the extreme!
"Imprison me? Heaven is not that easy to imprison! " Hua Tianming's aura grew stronger, and the Extreme Thunder Sword Will in his sword became even more violent. Every lightning bolt grew from the size of a finger to the size of an arm, and these lightning bolts were like enraged beasts, determined to break free from the cage.
"Ka ka ka …"
Cracks appeared on Pei Tianyao's golden circle, and it was obvious that it could not withstand Pei Tianyao's Extreme Thunder Sword Will.
"Sure enough, Hua Tianming's sword is still stronger."
"Since ancient times, it's easy to attack, but difficult to defend. Although Pei Tianyao is strong, pure defense is still a bad idea. Offense is the best defense."
"If the golden circle is broken, Pei Tianyao will definitely lose!"
Time passed slowly, and more and more cracks appeared on Pei Tianyao's golden circle. It was even shaking, and it was on the verge of collapse.
Hua Tianming took advantage of the situation and shouted, "Break!"
"Rip …"
The golden circle was finally torn apart by Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Will.
But the moment the Buddha's Reincarnation was torn apart, Pei Tianyao frowned, and the golden light on his body flashed. He opened his hands, and a shadow appeared behind him.
It was a Buddha statue!
But presumably, it was completely different from those submissive Buddha statues. The Buddha behind him was an angry Buddha!
Buddhas had two faces. The usual smiling face was called the Silent Face, and it was also called the Righteous Reincarnation Body. When they wanted to use wisdom to teach foolishness, to warn all living beings, and to destroy the karma of ignorance, they would show this fierce expression of anger, and it was called the Righteous Reincarnation Body!
"It's Acalanatha! How can Pei Tianyao summon Acalanatha! Does Pei Tianyao have the bloodline of Acalanatha? "
As soon as this disciple said this, many people looked at him as if they were looking at an idiot.
Buddha was not a mythical beast …
The monks in the temple were lecherous, and it was impossible for them to have children …
How could Buddhism pass down the bloodline of Acalanatha …
The disciple also realized that he said something wrong. His face turned red, and he said, "Could it be that Pei Tianyao is the reincarnation of Acalanatha?"
"It's possible. Otherwise, it's impossible to explain why he has so many Buddhist skills."
"No wonder he's so strong! It turns out that he's the reincarnation of Acalanatha! This time, I'm afraid Hua Tianming can't handle it! "
Pei Tianyao looked indifferent, but the Acalanatha's shadow behind him was full of anger.
"Acalanatha Palm!"

Chapter 294
Pei Tianyao's palm was driven by the Acalanatha's shadow. In fact, it was similar to the grasp Mo Yuxin used to deal with Luo Zheng.
However, Pei Tianyao's strength was clearly stronger.
His strength did not come from bloodline inheritance, but from the reincarnation of the Acalanatha!
On the golden palm, there were Sanskrit characters constantly flowing, emitting rays of golden light.
Feeling the power of the golden palm, Hua Tianming's expression changed dramatically. He had struggled to break free from Pei Tianyao's Buddha's Reincarnation, but now he had to face such a terrifying palm. This was too …
"Is this Pei Tianyao's true strength?" Hua Tianming stared at the giant palm and gritted his teeth. He borrowed more Heaven Earth Yuan Qi from the sky, an even greater power of the firmament, and an even sharper Extreme Thunder Sword Intent to meet the palm head-on.
Victory or defeat depends on this! If I win, I'll be lucky. If I lose, I'll be doomed!
"Boom!"
The golden palm and azure lightning intersected in an instant. It was as if a star had exploded in the arena. The dazzling light made most people unable to open their eyes.
However, Luo Zheng outside the arena was not among them!
His brown pupils reflected light spots, and he saw every movement of the two people in the battle.
"Hua Tianming lost." Luo Zheng shook his head. Hua Tianming had previously said that he had a fifty percent chance of winning against Pei Tianyao and a ninety percent chance of winning after breaking through to the Illuminating Spirit Realm. Clearly, Hua Tianming had underestimated Pei Tianyao.
With Hua Tianming's current strength, he had no chance of winning against Pei Tianyao.
Moreover, Hua Tianming had comprehended Perfect Sword Intent. He had made a great breakthrough by washing his sword in the Sword-cleansing Pond of the Half Holy Land.
This strength was enough to make up for his lack of cultivation. In other words, Hua Tianming had been very naive when he thought that he had a ninety percent chance of winning against Pei Tianyao after entering the Illuminating Spirit Realm.
Pei Tianyao, the reincarnation of the Acalanatha … was too strong. Unless Hua Tianming had a new opportunity and broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm, he would not have the power to fight Pei Tianyao.
As the light on the stage dissipated, Hua Tianming used the Corrosive Blood Sword to support his tottering body. His thin and cold face was somewhat sad.
A young man who firmly believed that he would walk the path of the strongest had suffered two or three consecutive defeats. It was obviously a huge setback.
However, whether a setback was good or bad depended on the person.
Some people were arrogant, but their hearts of martial arts were weak. Once they were defeated, their hearts of martial arts would suffer a blow. Then, the growth of their cultivation would stagnate, and they might even develop a heart demon. It would be difficult for them to rise again in this lifetime.
On the other hand, some people were similarly arrogant, but their Martial Dao Heart was extremely firm. Even if they encountered setbacks, the more setbacks they faced, the more courageous they became. They would turn to firm their cultivation and seek greater opportunities, and they would definitely have the last laugh.
"I lost!" Hua Tianming carried the Corrosive Blood Sword on his back. Suddenly, the sad expression on his face was swept away. Obviously, Hua Tianming was the latter kind of person.
"Xiantian Full Circle, you are the first person to force me to use the Acalanatha. You don't have to feel burdened. With your growth talent, when we are at the same level, I may not be your opponent," Pei Tianyao said faintly. The Acalanatha behind him also faintly dissipated.
"A victory is a victory, a defeat is a defeat. I naturally will not find an excuse for the difference in level. I only hope that in the future we will have the opportunity to exchange pointers here," Hua Tianming said with cupped hands.
Pei Tianyao nodded. Such an opponent, no matter who it was, would be respectful.
After walking down the stage, Pei Tianyao's gaze fell on Luo Zheng. With a calm expression, he said: "Luo Zheng, there is only one battle left in the Peak Great Competition. It should be the decisive battle between you and me."
Luo Zheng nodded, wondering why Pei Tianyao would say such a thing.
"My Acalanatha can only be used once, and it will take a few days to summon it a second time. Do you want to fight today or three days later?" Pei Tianyao asked.
Although the Acalanatha was powerful, with Pei Tianyao's strength, he could not use it infinitely. Every time he used it, it would take a few days.
Pei Tianyao let Luo Zheng choose today or three days later.
If they fought today, then Pei Tianyao would not be able to exert his full strength!
At this point in the Peak Great Competition, both Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao had lost interest in the concept of ranking.
The first place of the Peak Great Competition would receive a Clear Void Pill and an additional Immortal Tool.
In addition, the first and third place would have the right to walk the Blue Clouds Road.
Even if Luo Zheng was defeated, with the strength and talent that Luo Zheng had shown, Shi Jingtian was very likely to satisfy the Clear Void Pill and Immortal Tool reward.
"If I can't compete with you at your peak strength, I'm afraid my martial heart will not be smooth." Luo Zheng laughed.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of fighting. If Pei Tianyao's strength was not at its peak, even if Luo Zheng defeated him, then the long-awaited battle would not be perfect. His thoughts would not be smooth, so Luo Zheng had no reason to fight now.
"Good! Three days later, I will wait for you! "Pei Tianyao nodded.
After a few days of fighting, the Peak Great Competition had come to an end.
In fact, the results of the competition were basically out, but the first and second place, Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao, were still not decided, which became the biggest suspense.
The third place was Hua Tianming, the fourth place was Mo Yuxin, the fifth place was Wang Yun …
These rankings were already listed on the Green Clouds Road.
Among the thirty-three peaks, Xiao Yufeng jumped to the top, while Tianyi Peak fell by one place. As for the other thirty-one peaks, they all adjusted their positions.
The disciples outside the arena began to disperse, while Luo Zheng directly walked up to the high platform, where the Sect Lord was.
If it was before, Luo Zheng would not be able to get close to the high platform, and someone would scold him and not let him get close.
But now, those Sages and Elders did not say anything. They knew that Luo Zheng had become the focus of Shi Jingtian's attention. Moreover, this little guy's future achievements were immeasurable, and it would be easy for him to surpass those Sages.
"Sect Lord." After standing on the high platform, Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Shi Jingtian.
"Do you have something to say?" Shi Jingtian asked. In fact, with Shi Jingtian's experience, how could he not guess Luo Zheng's thoughts? At this time, it must be about Luo Yan.
"I want to see my sister." Luo Zheng said.
"You are talking about Luo Yan?" Shi Jingtian asked again.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I hope you can let her go. A thousand years, a million points, and two million square crystals. I will pay."
Shi Jingtian's face revealed a strange expression.
Luo Yan was imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain, and it was announced that she would be imprisoned for a thousand years. The Blue Cloud Sect also had a rule that a thousand points could save a year's time. Therefore, if he wanted to save Luo Yan, he would need a million points. According to the rules, he would need two million square crystals.
That was two million square crystals! Shi Jingtian was curious where Luo Zheng got such a large amount of square crystals.
Even if the seven noble families wanted to take out two million square crystals, it would not be easy. After all, the noble families were all fixed assets, so how could they have so much cash?
And Luo Zheng was only a martial artist born from the grassroots. With the Luo Family's wealth, it would be difficult to even get a few square crystals, let alone several million.
"You … where did you get so many square crystals?" Shi Jingtian asked curiously.
"This … Sect Master, where I got so many square crystals is not important, right? The important thing is, can these square crystals really exchange for my sister's freedom? If they can, I naturally have so many square crystals for you. "Luo Zheng said.
With Luo Zheng's current methods, it was too easy to earn square crystals!
Fifty drops of Heaven's Eye Essence could be auctioned for two hundred and fifty thousand square crystals, and he only needed to smelt a hundred profound artifacts to obtain hundreds and thousands of drops of Heaven's Eye Essence!
Although the Heaven's Eye Essence could be sold in large amounts, and the price might get lower and lower, it was not difficult to gather two million square crystals.
Moreover, Luo Zheng could also obtain Zhang Wuxian's help. With Luo Zheng's current performance, he could obtain the goodwill of the Zhang Family. Even borrowing two million square crystals from the Zhang Family was not a problem. One had to know that the Zhang Family was the wealthiest family in the Eastern Region. The seven noble families were all poor compared to them!
In fact, although Shi Jingtian was secretive, he was very familiar with the layout of the Eastern Region. Since Luo Zheng had the confidence to take out two million crystal cubes, he could guess with his eyes closed that the Zhang Clan was involved. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to gather two million crystal cubes.
With Luo Zheng's current talent and strength, his future was limitless. He was worth the Zhang Family's investment, Shi Jingtian thought inwardly.
However, Shi Jingtian still sighed in the end. "Sigh …"
"Is it impossible?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Although he looked calm on the surface, he was actually very nervous.
From the moment he stepped into the Blue Cloud Sect, his goal was to save his younger sister and bring her away from Purgatory Mountain as soon as possible! If possible, he was not willing to let Luo Yan stay there for even a second!
That was why he had always been working hard for this million points. Even if he had to use up points to cultivate, he would only invest in himself when he had confidence in earning more points.
However …
"Yes, even if you pay two million square crystals, which is equivalent to a million points, it is still impossible to bring her away." Shi Jingtian shook his head.
"Why?" Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. His heartbeat suddenly sped up, and his eyes immediately became completely red.
(Thank you for the rewards, thank you for the monthly votes. I am very moved when I see the rewards and monthly votes every day! This is the greatest encouragement to me. ^ _ ^, I recommend "Beauty's Caring Expert". This book will come up if you search for it. It's not bad!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 295
How could Luo Zheng not be angry?
The martial path was his most important path. Luo Yan was his most important relative.
For this step, he paid such a great price. However, this dream was like an ethereal soap bubble. Before he could even approach it, it burst. How could Luo Zheng accept this?
When he saw Luo Zheng's angry appearance, Shi Jingtian laughed indifferently. "You don't need to be angry. Luo Yan being locked up in Purgatory Mountain is a secret. Since you, the older brother, can do this, I can only tell you the secret."
"Speak!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows stood up. His eyes were shining as he stared at Shi Jingtian. Even if Shi Jingtian was a super expert who could turn him into ashes with a single punch, Luo Zheng didn't feel the slightest bit of cowardice!
"Luo Yan is our Blue Cloud Sect's most outstanding disciple. There aren't many female disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. Jade Maiden Peak has always been lukewarm in the past few hundred years. It is just like what you saw. This year's most outstanding Quan Xiaoyan also stopped in the reincarnation competition early on. She didn't obtain any great results." Shi Jingtian slowly said, "However, Luo Yan is different."
"In my eyes, Luo Yan's talent is actually higher than yours, Luo Zheng's. Her future achievements are even more astonishing! Why did my Cloud Hall establish such a large Blue Cloud Sect in the Eastern Region? It is to help the Cloud Hall absorb all the geniuses in the Eastern Region! Absorb them into the Cloud Hall and nurture them! In the martial world, even though the competition is fierce, there is still a great desire for true super geniuses. "
"According to my judgment, according to the three levels of talent, Heaven, Earth, and Human, Luo Zheng, your talent should be above Heaven Grade talent, between Heaven Grade talent and Saint Grade talent. It's just that I can't be sure, but Luo Yan has a complete Saint Grade talent! Let me ask you, why would I lock up such an outstanding disciple in Purgatory Mountain? "
"Let's not talk about how she crippled a small eldest son of the Yun Clan. Even if Luo Yan massacred the entire Yun Clan, I, Shi Jingtian, will protect her!"
As Shi Jingtian spoke, he actually stood up from his chair! With his hands behind his back, he looked a little excited.
It was just that for someone who had reached his level, the aura he casually exuded was extremely shocking! If a disciple wasn't strong enough, they wouldn't even be able to stand steadily in front of him.
Elder Xu was worried that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to withstand Shi Jingtian's aura and wanted to help Luo Zheng. However, when he saw that Luo Zheng didn't seem to be affected by Shi Jingtian's aura, he felt relieved.
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Luo Zheng was shocked!
He originally thought that Luo Yan offended the Yun Family and crippled Yun Fang. Because of the Yun Family's actions, Luo Yan was locked up in Purgatory Mountain for a thousand years. However, it seemed like that wasn't the case at all!
Shi Jingtian actually said that even if Luo Yan wiped out the entire Yun Family, he would still protect Luo Yan. These words were a bit exaggerated, but it meant that the entire Yun Family wasn't as important as Luo Yan in Shi Jingtian's heart!
Luo Yan being locked up in Purgatory Mountain was actually a secret?
Seeing that Luo Zheng was in a daze and didn't say anything, Shi Jingtian calmed down a bit. He sighed and looked into the boundless sky, saying, "Your Luo Family's ancestors were all mediocre, but in this generation, two geniuses above the Heaven realm suddenly appeared. I can only say that this is fate. You can't bring Luo Yan away from Purgatory Mountain, this is also fate! However, fate can be changed, and it depends on your own efforts. If you break through to the Divine Reflection Realm in the future and reach the Divine Congealing Pill, you will be able to change your fate and save your sister. Unfortunately … the current you is still too weak, too weak, too weak … Although your talent is amazing, the world is so big, and there are many people with talent. However, in the end, there aren't many who are able to grow up. "
Shi Jingtian used the word 'too weak' three times in a row, which shocked Luo Zheng.
He already had a faint premonition in his mind.
Saving Luo Yan wasn't something that Shi Jingtian could decide for himself!
Break through to the Divine Reflection Realm? Reach the Divine Reflection Realm? Condense a Divine Core and break through to the Divine Core realm?
Just from this sentence alone, Luo Zheng knew who his opponent was. It was a realm that Luo Zheng couldn't even imagine. In front of these people, his strength was like an ant. No, even an ant couldn't describe the gap between them. He was like a speck of dust, and with a gentle blow, he would disappear from this world.
"Sect Chief, can you tell me the reason behind this?" Luo Zheng continued asking.
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, then he finally got down to business. "Not only does Luo Yan have a Saint rank talent, she also has a special body type called the Extreme Purple Yin Body!"
"Extreme Purple Yin Body?" Luo Zheng raised his brows. He had never heard of this before.
"That's right, the Extreme Purple Yin Body is a special bloodline. When she breaks through to the Divine Core realm and forms her Divine Core in the future, she will be able to form an Extreme Purple Divine Core, which is different from ordinary warriors. Furthermore, when she breaks through to the Divine Core realm, her strength will far surpass her opponents at the same level as her." Shi Jingtian explained.
"If that's the case, this is something my sister brought out from her mother's womb. Could it be that someone is coveting her Extreme Purple Yin Body? Could it be that the Extreme Purple Yin Body can be taken away? "Luo Zheng asked. Vaguely, Luo Zheng felt that he was getting closer and closer to the truth.
"Those who possess the Extreme Purple Yin Body are all females. A unique body type like this is extremely rare, and it's hard to find one out of a trillion people." Shi Jingtian said with a serious expression, "Although the Extreme Purple Yin Body can't be taken away, the Primordial Yin Body can be taken away by someone! There is an overlord in the central region, and he wants to set up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation. In order to set up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, he needs three girls with the Extreme Violet Yin Body, and all of them must be at the Divine Core realm! "
Primordial Yin Body, Sexual Union …
Hearing these two words, Luo Zheng's expression became extremely gloomy.
There were some evil cultivation techniques in this world that required a man to have sex with a woman, and then take her Primordial Yin Body to increase his cultivation.
Luo Yan possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body, which was an extremely rare body type, and it also required Luo Yan to reach the Divine Core realm. It wasn't hard to imagine how strong the man was!
"Don't they need three females with the Extreme Purple Yin Body?" Luo Zheng asked again. Since the Extreme Purple Yin Body was so rare, and only one out of a trillion people, it was extremely difficult to gather three females with the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and all of them had to break through to the Divine Core realm.
Shi Jingtian said, "The level of this matter is too high, and it's not something I can handle. Three females with the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and all of them have reached the Divine Core realm, and it's extremely difficult to gather them from so many people. However, those mighty warriors in the Central Domain have all sorts of methods, and it's not impossible for them to do it. Also, it's because it's extremely difficult to gather them that we have an excuse to keep Luo Yan in the Blue Cloud Sect, and use cultivation as an excuse to keep her in Purgatory Mountain. That's why you said I didn't allow Luo Yan to leave Purgatory Mountain, but in fact, it's to protect Luo Yan, not to imprison her!"
So, this was the reason.
Luo Zheng's brows trembled, and anger started building up in his heart.
He was still too weak. He never expected Luo Yan to encounter something like this in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Did the Cloud Hall do anything wrong? Judging from Shi Jingtian's tone, it seemed like they still wanted to protect Luo Yan. However, the man who wanted to collect her vital Yin seemed to be too strong, and Luo Zheng had no idea if that man was from the Cloud Hall, or if he was from some other power in the Central Domain that wasn't part of the Cloud Hall.
These were the questions that Luo Zheng had been pondering in his mind.
Although he was furious, he wasn't an idiot. Shi Jingtian looked sincere, and Luo Zheng believed his words. However, he couldn't completely trust him. After all, Shi Jingtian was still working for the Cloud Hall. Although he had no reason to lie to Luo Zheng, if the man who wanted to set up the Great Heavenly Devil Ovation Formation was someone with a high position in the Cloud Hall, Shi Jingtian had no way of resisting.
At that time, not only would he not be able to save Luo Yan, he might not be able to escape with his life either.
Time, I need time to become stronger. Luo Zheng roared inwardly. Regardless of whether it was for himself or for Luo Yan, he had to quickly increase his strength.
"I want to see my younger sister. Can I make this request?" Luo Zheng asked.
Shi Jingtian nodded and said with a smile, "I can satisfy this request of yours. I can even allow you to bring Luo Yan out of Purgatory Mountain. However, the time limit cannot be too long, because that person has already sent people to the Blue Cloud Sect time and time again. We have always used Luo Yan's seclusion as an excuse to stop them. If news of Luo Yan casually entering and leaving Purgatory Mountain were to spread, it might be hard to explain."
"I understand. I am going to see Luo Yan right now!" Luo Zheng said calmly. After experiencing an intense mental struggle just now, he already quickly restrained his excited mood. Everything would be chaotic if one cared too much. Since Luo Yan encountered this type of troublesome matter, Luo Zheng's mind couldn't be chaotic even more. He had to find a way to resolve this problem.
"Elder Xu, bring Luo Zheng to Purgatory Mountain." Shi Jingtian ordered.
After Elder Xu obeyed, he casually waved his hand. A five foot wide emerald green leaf appeared beneath his feet. "Luo Zheng, stand here and follow me to Purgatory Mountain."
When Luo Zheng stepped onto that leaf, it floated into the air, shooting into the air.

Chapter 296
Elder Xu seemed to have sensed Luo Zheng's emotions, so he said, "I understand that you are very excited about the bond between siblings. This old man is obviously not as capable as the Sect Master, but after living for a few hundred years, I would like to give you a piece of advice."
"Elder Xu, please speak," Luo Zheng said respectfully.
Elder Xu was the most powerful Elder in the Blue Cloud Sect. His position was second only to Shi Jingtian and the Vice Sect Master. However, Elder Xu wasn't a member of the Cloud Hall. The enormous Cloud Hall didn't attach much importance to the Eastern Domain's Blue Cloud Sect. Historically, they would only select one or two people from the Cloud Hall to manage the Blue Cloud Sect. For example, the Sect Master and the Vice Sect Master were both members of the Cloud Hall.
"You are very talented and have caught the Sect Master's eye. If you can successfully pass the test of the Blue Cloud Road, you may be recognized by the Cloud Hall. If you can really grow, I'm afraid that your future achievements will be far beyond my reach. However, there is one thing you must be clear about. Before you are truly strong, you can only endure. You must grit your teeth and endure. Even if you can't endure, you must endure. A dead genius is not a genius. Only by living can you become stronger and have the opportunity to truly help Luo Yan."
When Elder Xu spoke, his back was facing Luo Zheng. His words made Luo Zheng's heart tremble.
However, Elder Xu had completely seen through his feelings.
Who asked Luo Yan to be his biggest weakness? When Shi Jingtian said that, he was so excited that he couldn't control himself. He couldn't even maintain his composure in front of Shi Jingtian.
Sect Master Shi Jingtian's temper wasn't bad. Perhaps he could tolerate his impudence. However, what if it was someone else? What if it was the person who wanted to set up the Great Demonic Union Array and take Luo Yan's Vital Yin? With that person's strength, he could kill him with a breath. If he fought with him, he would only die in vain!
"I'll keep that in mind, Elder Xu. Thank you for reminding me." Luo Zheng nodded silently.
Elder Xu replied with a "hmm". Originally, this matter didn't have much to do with him. However, when he saw Luo Zheng's restrained expression, Elder Xu recalled an old incident that he had encountered when he was young. That incident was more or less similar to what Luo Zheng was experiencing now. At that time, Elder Xu's strength was not enough. He could only grit his teeth and swallow his blood. Finally, he succeeded in cultivation and was able to avenge himself!
This could be considered a piece of advice from an experienced person to a junior.
Luo Zheng's performance in the All-Peak Grand Competition was simply too amazing, causing Elder Xu to cherish his talent a little. Such a little guy's future was really limitless. It would be a pity if he really rushed to court death because of this matter.
Elder Xu's leaf's speed was extremely fast. Soon afterwards, that dark Purgatory Mountain appeared before Luo Zheng's eyes.
Purgatory Mountain's highest peak. Lava continuously roiled and leapt from the volcano's crater, as if it might erupt at any time. From time to time, there would be black smoke roiling over, at the same time releasing a strong smell of sulfur.
A young lady dressed in green clothes was sitting on a platform, currently meditating with her eyes closed.
At this young lady's side, true essence continuously changed forms. Sometimes, the true essence turned into nimble little fishes. Those little fishes seemed to really possess life, continuously fluttering and leaping about. Sometimes, the true essence turned into graceful and elegant butterflies, lingering about this young lady's surroundings.
To be able to control true essence to this degree, perhaps not even Mo Family's Patriarch Mo Xiuyan had this type of ability. Mo Xiuyan could even condense all types of weapons, but weapons were inanimate objects after all, comparatively easier to visualize.
Meanwhile, this green-clothed young lady could easily create all types of animals, and they even looked vivid and lifelike. Her understanding of true essence transformation already far exceeded the imaginations of her peers.
Soon afterwards, the green-clothed young lady suddenly reached out her hand. True essence slowly poured out from her slender and fair fingers, slowly condensing into a head portrait in front of her. That head portrait had delicate features, eyes full of vigor, drawn to perfection. It was shockingly Luo Zheng!
"I wonder how big brother is doing right now. Forget it, it should be the day of the Great Peak Competition. With big brother's strength, I fear that he doesn't have the qualifications to participate in the Great Peak Competition, right?" Luo Yan shook her head, her small lips pursing.
Last time, when Luo Zheng entered Purgatory Mountain, the brother and sister only gave each other a look from the distance, not even seeing each other's faces clearly. However, Luo Yan understood clearly that Luo Zheng was only an outer sect disciple at that time.
Forget about outer sect disciples, even inner sect disciples rarely had the qualifications to participate in the Great Peak Competition. Meanwhile, only the peak existences in the inner sect could obtain the qualifications to participate in the Great Peak Competition.
Even though her brother's talent wasn't bad, there was still some distance between him and the peak of the inner sect.
However, if he was at Xiao Yufeng and other lower ranked peaks, then there might be a bit of a chance. However, there weren't such coincidences. When she thought of this, Luo Yan looked at Luo Zheng's face in her hand, and then she laughed. She laughed extremely happily.
Right at this time, she suddenly sensed a trace of true essence fluctuation from the distance. Under the young lady's sharp perception, she raised her head and saw Elder Xu step on a leaf, quickly approaching her.
"Yi, who is that?" Luo Yan's eyes widened, staring into the distance. From the very beginning, she was puzzled, but it gradually turned into astonishment, and then she revealed pleasant surprise! Luo Yan almost couldn't believe her eyes!
As Elder Xu steadily stopped on the platform, Luo Zheng walked down from the leaf, looking at his sister in a daze.
The brother and sister were both in a daze.
People were like this. Sometimes, after looking forward to something for a long time, when it really happened, it was often hard to believe, or rather, they didn't dare to believe.
Elder Xu stood to the side and didn't speak. Even though he had lived for hundreds of years and had seen too many deaths, he still felt gratified when he saw this scene. The world of martial artists was indeed cruel, but it contained a trace of family affection that made people feel warm.
"Brother!" After Luo Yan suddenly climbed up from the platform, she rushed towards Luo Zheng. Almost without thinking, she threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
She had completely forgotten that she was already a sixteen-year-old girl.
After being separated for so many years, they unexpectedly met again in such a place, in such a situation.
Luo Zheng's hand gently touched Luo Yan's soft black hair, and his heart was also filled with emotion. Both of them enjoyed this kind of joy very much.
Unknowingly, Luo Yan's height was actually the same as Luo Zheng's. The former weak little girl had become a tall girl.
"Brother, why can you come up here? And … Elder Xu personally sent you up here? " Luo Yan was a little puzzled. Although she noticed that Luo Zheng was wearing a black robe and had obviously been promoted to an inner disciple, there were also many inner disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. How could he receive such treatment?
"I participated in the All-Peak Competition," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Really?" Luo Yan's eyes widened, and there was even a trace of disbelief on her face. Half a year ago, Luo Zheng was only a Half-step to the Innate Realm. Even if his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, it would be very difficult for him to squeeze into the All-Peak Competition.
Luo Zheng nodded.
"What's your rank?" Luo Yan smiled. She had participated in the All-Peak Competition, and had obtained an amazing rank! Back then, Jade Maiden Peak was also led by her all the way to the second place of the thirty-three peaks! In the end, Luo Yan was defeated by a personal disciple, and was ranked eighth on the Green Cloud Ranking. However, after Luo Yan was imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain, her name was removed from the Green Cloud Ranking.
"The ranking hasn't been determined yet. There's still one more battle," Luo Zheng said.
"There's still one more battle?" Luo Yan obviously didn't understand.
At this time, Elder Xu chuckled from the side. "There is indeed one more battle, and it's scheduled to be held in three days. In fact, it's the battle between the first and second place of this All-Peak Competition!"
"Ah?" Luo Yan covered her mouth with her hand, and her big brown eyes revealed a look of disbelief. "The battle between the first and second place of the All-Peak Competition? Brother, you … are only at the Innate Realm second stage, right? "
"En!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"But, but …" Luo Yan didn't believe it at all, but Luo Yan understood Elder Xu's status clearly. He definitely wouldn't speak carelessly and work together with Luo Zheng to deceive her. Moreover, it was Elder Xu who personally sent him to Purgatory Mountain to see her. If not for Luo Zheng's outstanding performance in the All-Peak Competition, how could he bear this kind of treatment?
Luo Yan spat out a few 'buts' in succession. That shocked expression on her little face was who knew how cute it was. After the shock, Luo Yan stuck out her tongue and said with a smile, "I knew it, brother is the most outstanding!"
In the end, she was different from an outsider. If it was someone else, they might be shocked for a long time. Even if Luo Yan felt that it was inconceivable, she still quickly accepted the miracle created by Luo Zheng.
It wasn't that she wasn't shocked, but rather that she felt this was to be expected. In this young girl's eyes, her brother was invincible since he was young.
"Brother, is my father still well?" Luo Yan asked.
When she heard Luo Yan's question, Luo Zheng's face immediately became ice-cold. She still didn't know that her father already passed away.
How was she supposed to tell Luo Yan?
This type of thing couldn't be hidden at all.
She would find out sooner or later.
After a bit of hesitation, Luo Zheng said, "Father was killed by second uncle and third uncle …"
"What …" Luo Yan was shocked, her face revealing an expression of disbelief.
"Luo Bingquan, Luo Junyi, these two bastards, for the sake of obtaining the position of family head, joined hands to plot against our father." Luo Zheng said coldly.
Weng weng weng …
The True Essence floating around Luo Yan suddenly turned into countless sharp thorns. She had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and the True Essence in her body was far denser than True Essence of the same level. Moreover, the speed at which she absorbed True Essence was also very astonishing. Therefore, she didn't keep True Essence in her body like other people. Sometimes when she had too much True Essence in her dantian, she would deliberately waste some True Essence.
At this moment, the True Essence turned into sharp thorns, like an angry hedgehog, emitting bursts of killing intent, venting out Luo Yan's emotions.

Chapter 297
After being separated for several years, and then being imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain, almost all information from the outside world was cut off. She never expected that when she met her older brother again, what she heard was her father's grievous news.
While feeling grief, Luo Yan's killing intent also couldn't be restrained.
Her killing intent was extremely soft. Even though her eyes were red, it still couldn't hide her incomparably elegant temperament. She was like a wounded little leopard that was on the verge of erupting at any time.
Not even Luo Zheng could ignore the true essence floating around her body. Luo Yan's cultivation method seemed to be quite special, allowing her to 'visualize at will'. Whatever she thought about in her head, she could naturally visualize her true essence.
She suddenly turned her head, all of her spikes aiming at Elder Xu.
This movement instead gave Elder Xu a fright. Of course, with Elder Xu's strength, he naturally didn't fear Luo Yan doing anything harmful. Instead, he was scared that Luo Yan wouldn't be able to endure this blow. In the end, she was still a little girl, even younger than Luo Zheng …
"Elder Xu, I wish to make a trip out of Purgatory Mountain." Luo Yan said calmly.
Elder Xu remained silent for a bit. In principle, Luo Yan leaving Purgatory Mountain was an extremely unwise choice. The reason why the Blue Cloud Sect left Luo Yan in Purgatory Mountain was because of cultivation. If she randomly left and this type of news got out, it wouldn't be good at all.
"Didn't Sect Master Shi say before? Temporarily leaving Purgatory Mountain is also fine. "Luo Zheng mentioned Sect Master Shi's words.
"This isn't entirely impossible." Elder Xu thought for a bit. After all, the distance between the Eastern Region and the Central Domain wasn't close. Even if Luo Yan temporarily left, it would still be difficult for news to reach the Central Domain.
"In that case, just let me make a trip out. Even though I am trapped in Purgatory Mountain in the name of cultivation, no one said that I have to always cultivate, that I can't go out for a breath of fresh air?" Luo Yan said calmly.
She already knew that she was chosen as a dual cultivation vessel by some almighty figure, and she had already made up her mind.
If that almighty figure really managed to gather three Divine Core warriors in the future, as well as a girl with the Extreme Violet Yin Body, she would just kill herself. Compared to Luo Zheng, she was much more indifferent towards this matter. She could choose to break free at any time, and no one could stop her.
"I can apply to Sect Leader Shi for this matter, but I want to know what you want to do outside?" Elder Xu still asked.
Luo Yan looked at the vast mountains in the distance with a cold expression. Although Luo Yan was a woman, she was also a warrior. After stepping on the path of a warrior, if one did not have a firm heart, they would not be able to go far. The bad news from her father had indeed made her extremely sad, but she was not like other women who were immersed in sorrow and could not extricate themselves from it.
The world of martial artists was filled with hot-bloodedness, killing, cruelty, and a firm will. She had left two soft spots in her heart for her brother and father, but when her father's death came, one of those soft spots disappeared as well.
She spat out four words from her small mouth, "Go home and kill people."
Simple, powerful, and filled with killing intent.
Hearing Luo Yan's words, Elder Xu nodded his head. He could understand Luo Yan's reaction. How could she not avenge her father's death?
Elder Xu turned to Luo Zheng. He didn't care about the Luo family's affairs, but he knew a little about it. Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's older brother, so he should be the one to make the decision.
Luo Zheng let out a long sigh. He needed to put an end to this matter. "I've been away for so long, it's time for me to go home. But, I'll have to wait until the last fight between me and Pei Tianyao!"
"En! I want to watch the fight, I want to see if my older brother is lying! Is he really that strong? "Luo Yan blinked her eyes and asked.
Elder Xu chuckled and said, "You little girl, I'm a dignified Elder, why would I lie to you about this kind of thing?"
"Maybe!" Luo Yan sorted out her mood and smiled. Her face seemed to be covered in a layer of soft brilliance, so beautiful that it was dazzling.
Although Luo Yan believed Luo Zheng's words without a doubt, but with the strength of the 2nd layer of Body Refinement, competing for first place in the All-Peak Tournament?
She really wanted to see it with her own eyes.
In these three days, Luo Zheng cultivated in the secret room, digesting all the things he comprehended in the All-Peak Tournament.
The most important thing for a martial artist was not only talent, but also foundation.
For example, the disciples of the seven noble families may have cultivation, but their actual fighting strength was not strong. Of course, it was because they didn't cultivate diligently, but more importantly, they used pills to cultivate and raise their cultivation level. Although their cultivation level was high, their foundation was not stable.
Using pills to cultivate was not impossible, but one had to build a solid foundation before climbing up.
If the foundation was not solid, it would even affect the upper limit of one's growth, and one might not be able to break through for the rest of one's life.
Some talented martial artists would not only not be anxious to improve their cultivation level, but would also suppress their cultivation level until they could no longer suppress it, then they would naturally break through!
Luo Zheng's cultivation level was indeed very slow, and a large part of the reason was that he had never taken any pills to improve his cultivation level, so until now, he was only at the Xiantian 2nd layer, so his cultivation was far more stable and solid than other martial artists.
But after the All-Peak Tournament, Luo Zheng had a faint feeling that he was about to break through, and this feeling was simply impossible to suppress.
After three days of seclusion, Luo Zheng came out of the secret room, and his strength was already at the Xiantian 3rd layer.
In these three days, Luo Zheng spent very quickly cultivating and comprehending. Not only did he have a breakthrough in his cultivation level, but he also had a certain understanding of the murderous aura, which was also the evil aura.
After establishing a connection with the Massacre Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng focused on studying the root of evil aura, and discovered that evil aura was actually a very strange kind of energy.
Earlier, Luo Zheng had thought that evil aura was a kind of destructive power, after all, killing and massacring other creatures was a disaster for them.
But Luo Zheng used the evil aura emitted by Sword Spirit Yao Ye to constantly ponder, and soon overturned this idea.
Evil aura was completely different from the destructive power, and was actually a kind of life force.
When a creature was massacred, it would be very unwilling, angry, sad, and even curse the creature that killed it to die a horrible death, and then die with deep resentment.
Evil aura was formed under such circumstances, and it was actually a kind of curse power that was emitted by the life force when a creature was on its deathbed!
Even if a creature was as small as an ant, it would still emit its own curse power before it died. That ant probably didn't even have its own thoughts, and didn't have the self-awareness to work for its future, so how could it emit a curse power?
Luo Zheng couldn't figure this out, and could only attribute it to a miracle from the Creator!
However, an ant was still too small, and the curse power it emitted was almost negligible. The more powerful a creature was, the more vigorous its life force would be before it died, and the curse power it emitted would be even more powerful!
This curse power would attach itself to the body, and over time, it would form evil aura!
Evil aura was originally a curse power that was emitted by a creature after it was killed, and it was something that was only harmful and had no benefits.
But there were too many geniuses in this world, and later on, someone invented a cultivation technique that used evil aura, and turned this originally harmful thing into an attack! Evil aura contained the life force, so it was naturally very powerful, but it had its advantages and disadvantages. In order to obtain more evil aura, one could only choose to slaughter more creatures, and in the process, if one wasn't careful, the evil aura in one's body would backfire and cause one to go berserk …
But for Luo Zheng, this wasn't a problem. He was connected to the Massacre Sword Mountain, and could store and withdraw evil aura from it.
The problem was that Luo Zheng wasn't a bloodthirsty person, so the source of the evil aura was a problem. Moreover, the evil aura in Sword Spirit Yao Ye's body was limited, and every bit used was one less.
This problem could only be solved in the future.
There were even more disciples gathered around the All-Sect Grand Competition's arena today.
Because the previous battles had already ended, and only the final battle between Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao was left, the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples were no longer restricted from watching this battle. Regardless of whether it was an inner or outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, they were all allowed to watch the battle in person!
The problem was, someone in the upper echelon of the Blue Cloud Sect had thought of this rotten idea. Watching the battle in person required one point!
One point didn't matter much to the inner disciples. After all, even if a grassroots disciple was promoted to an inner disciple, they could still more or less complete missions and earn some points. The inner disciples who couldn't participate in the All-Sect Grand Competition would definitely be happy to pay one point to watch the battle in person.
After all, watching other people's battles would be of great help to their own strength. They might even be able to break through due to an epiphany.
But for the outer disciples, it was a different story. The landowning household disciples were fine, but even those who weren't wealthy could only grit their teeth and exchange two square crystals for one point. As for the grassroots disciples who didn't have enough square crystals, they couldn't complete missions and exchange them for points. In the end, they could only miss this great opportunity and wait anxiously beside the letter tablet …
The image on the Blue Cloud Sect's letter tablet was quite clear, but it wasn't as satisfying as watching the battle in person.
On this day, after paying the points, the number of disciples who came to the All-Sect Grand Competition probably exceeded 100,000. It was almost surrounding the battle arena.
Luo Yan stood in a corner with a purple complexion. Looking at so many people, her eyes, which were almost perfect, were filled with shock. It was not that she had not participated in the All-Peak Tournament. How could there be such a big scene? Could it be that the Blue Cloud Sect's development in the past few years was far beyond her imagination? She heard a lot of people talking about the name "Luo Zheng". Her brother's popularity was actually so high?
Even Luo Yan didn't achieve this achievement.
Her little head couldn't figure it out at all, but after a while, she didn't want to think about it anymore. Her long eyelashes trembled, and finally, her eyes narrowed into a crescent moon. Because Luo Zheng walked onto the battle arena and waved at her!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 298
Facing hundreds of thousands of Blue Cloud Sect disciples, Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the arena and waved in one direction. This action was very eye-catching.
"Who's over there? Who is Luo Zheng waving to? "
Many disciples looked in the direction that Luo Zheng was waving his hand in unison.
Everyone saw a woman wearing a veil standing to the side. She was slim and elegant, like a green lotus, untainted by dust.
Although the woman was stunned and covered her face with a veil, just her limpid eyes were enough to mesmerize all living beings.
"Who's that woman? Why is she so beautiful? "
"I don't think I've seen her before! She's so charming with only half of her face exposed. If she takes off her veil, won't she be able to enchant people? "
"Take off her veil? Do you have the guts to try? Although that woman is hiding her cultivation, she's definitely not weak. At least you're not her opponent! "
"Alas, Luo Zheng is really lucky. If only I had such a beautiful woman by my side …"
Voices of envy and jealousy rose and fell for a while.
With so many eyes on her, Luo Yan was a little nervous for a while. After all, she hadn't encountered such a scene for a long time.
Among these tens of thousands of eyes, there was one that was very unhappy. The owner of this gaze was Zhu Qianning.
One point was nothing to Miss Zhu. Since she could come to the arena in person, she naturally rushed to the arena. However, she didn't expect to see Luo Zheng waving to a woman.
Previously, Zhu Qianning didn't see any women by Luo Zheng's side. Why did one after another appear after the All-Peak Competition? Zhu Qianning curled her lips, not knowing what to say.
She wasn't a prophet. Naturally, it was impossible for her to know that the veiled woman was Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan. She was jealous of the wrong person.
While everyone was talking about this, Pei Tianyao also stepped onto the stage.
In the last battle with Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao used the Immovable Wisdom King Body and broke Hua Tianming's Heavenly Punishment Sword that contained the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence.
That palm left too deep an impression on everyone.
Everyone was shocked to find out that Pei Tianyao had hidden his strength so deeply! The Blue Cloud Sect was indeed a place full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons. At such a young age, Pei Tianyao was already so capable. Moreover, he was the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King. In the future, Pei Tianyao's achievements would not be lower than the Sect Leader, Shi Jingtian.
As for Luo Zheng, in everyone's opinion, this match boded ill rather than well.
Luo Zheng had also defeated Hua Tianming, who had comprehended the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence, and possessed a sword spirit.
But no matter how strong he was, how strong was the reincarnation of Acalanatha, Pei Tianyao? The mysteries of Buddhism were extensive and profound, and their foundation was even more powerful. Luo Zheng may have outstanding talent, but whether it was the realm or the absolute strength he showed, he could not be compared to Pei Tianyao.
"Why do I feel that Luo Zheng might win?" a disciple asked.
"Indeed, Luo Zheng's strength in the battle with Hua Tianming was not strong, but have you forgotten? Luo Zheng is simply a strong opponent. From the very beginning, his strength was very ordinary, but as the All-Sect Great Competition progressed, his strength steadily rose. "
"En, Luo Zheng is also a weirdo. Facing the strength of a Xiantian Full Circle master, he still won with difficulty. Facing the strength of a Divine Reflection master, he still won with difficulty. Facing Hua Tianming, he still won with difficulty. Maybe facing Pei Tianyao, he can still win with difficulty, haha!"
Overall, 70% of the disciples thought that Pei Tianyao would win, and only 30% thought that Luo Zheng would win.
One of the key points was that there was a huge gap between the realms. If Luo Zheng could defeat Pei Tianyao at Xiantian second stage, then after he reached Pei Tianyao's realm, wouldn't he be invincible in the Divine Reflection realm?
After Pei Tianyao stood on the stage, his calm eyes looked at Luo Zheng and said: "I appreciate you very much. You chose to let me rest for three days. According to my speculation, if I don't use the Acala Wisdom King, I am afraid it will be very difficult for me to defeat you."
Luo Zheng took out the sword in his hand and shook his head slightly: "The one who chose to fight with you is not me, but my heart of martial arts! If I don't fight with you in your complete state, I am afraid it will be very difficult for me to clear my mind. "
Clear mind meant carefree and unobstructed!
Martial artists often encountered all kinds of bottlenecks in their cultivation. If their mind was not clear, then they would not feel carefree and their martial arts would be hindered.
Therefore, regardless of victory or defeat, Luo Zheng would choose to fight with Pei Tianyao in his peak state.
"So that's how it is." Pei Tianyao's eyes flashed with a strange luster, "I haven't seen such an ambitious youth like you in a long time!"
Pei Tianyao cultivated Buddhist cultivation methods and followed the ten precepts of Buddhism to maintain his current state of mind. However, Luo Zheng cultivated the way of the sword and did not follow any powerful precepts. Yet, he was able to persist in his heart of martial arts to this point. It could only be said that Luo Zheng had extreme control over his own mind.
His soul was strong, his body was strong, and even his mind was strong. It had to be said that Luo Zheng was a terrifying person.
"Don't say anymore. This battle, I want to win!" Luo Zheng's sword suddenly shot out from his spatial ring. The sword's blade was dazzling under the sunlight. Like Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng also chose to attack first!
Pei Tianyao was too strong. To deal with him, Luo Zheng needed to seize the initiative. All masters had the same goal. Unfortunately, Hua Tianming did not manage to seize the initiative. Instead, he was suppressed by Pei Tianyao's endless stream of Buddhist cultivation methods.
Pei Tianyao did not panic. He clasped his hands together and pointed his index finger and ring finger at Luo Zheng. A 'Formless Finger of Disaster' shot out.
Regarding Luo Zheng's attempt to seize the initiative, Pei Tianyao was aware that he could easily deal with it. But, he had forgotten that Luo Zheng was not Hua Tianming …
Hua Tianming was a natural swordsman. He relied on the Corroding Blood Sword in his hands.
But Luo Zheng was an all-around talent! The sword was his sharpest weapon, and also his most reliable method of attack. But, this did not mean that he was weaker than Pei Tianyao in other aspects!
"Ding!"
The finger force of the Formless Finger of Disaster stirred up a fierce gust of wind and deflected Luo Zheng's sword.
If it were Hua Tianming, he would definitely try to stabilize his sword and then attack Pei Tianyao. At most, he would use sword steps to deal with it.
But when Luo Zheng's sword was deflected, Luo Zheng directly swung his fist.
"Dragon Scales Open!"
With the power of more than a hundred dragon scales, Luo Zheng's arm was like a balloon filled with air. Every muscle in his arm swelled up, and the blue veins on his arm were like coiling dragons.
Pei Tianyao did not expect that Luo Zheng would not even use True Essence. Instead, he only relied on his body to punch.
So, when Luo Zheng swung his fist, Pei Tianyao did not care too much. He only wanted to use the 'Great Thousand Leaf Hands' to defuse Luo Zheng's fist. But when Luo Zheng's fist approached, Pei Tianyao's face suddenly changed.
The power of Luo Zheng's fist was far beyond Pei Tianyao's estimation. He could only hurriedly activate his Golden Bell Shield. His temperament had always been as calm as water, but at this moment, he could not help but feel depressed. This guy was not a human. His innate strength should have a limit!
Dong!
Luo Zheng's fist hit Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield!
The Golden Bell Shield was indeed very strong. Even after being hit by Luo Zheng's fierce strength, it was not completely broken, but it was full of cracks.
However, Luo Zheng's tyrannical strength directly hit Pei Tianyao and sent him flying. Pei Tianyao hit the light barrier and stopped.
The elders of the Blue Cloud Sect had already expected that the battle between Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao would be too strong. Today, there were many disciples who came to watch the battle. So, several elders joined forces to make the light barrier very strong. Therefore, when Pei Tianyao hit the light barrier, it only shook a little and did not break.
"Pei Tianyao was sent flying with a punch? Is there a need to be so abnormal? "
"Didn't you just say that Pei Tianyao will win? What do you think? Didn't I say that Luo Zheng is a freak who gets stronger when encountering a strong opponent? This pattern has been repeated many times. In a while, Pei Tianyao will definitely show his strength. But after being blocked by Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng will definitely fight back! "
"He just used his innate strength to hit Pei Tianyao. So what? Pei Tianyao has not shown his strength yet! "
"You are talking as if Luo Zheng used his full strength. Luo Zheng did not even use his Zhenqi!"
Around the two people, the crowd began to discuss again. Many people even started to argue.
Among the disciples, only Zhao Zhao had his hands behind his back. With a chuckle on his face, he said: "Quarrel, quarrel! Anyway, I have already made a lot of money. I have earned enough! "
In the final round, Zhao Zhao did not bet on Luo Zheng or Pei Tianyao to win. It was not that he did not want to bet. It was because he had bet on Luo Zheng all the way until now. It can be said that his wealth could only be described as terrifying. The banker he found to bet with Zhao Zhao was equivalent to going bankrupt!
The other bankers were even more ruthless. As soon as they heard that Zhao Zhao had come to escort Luo Zheng, they simply ignored him. With a bloody example, no one knew whether Luo Zheng would win or not. It would be fine if he lost, but if Luo Zheng won, Zhao Zhao would also go bankrupt with such a large bet.
Therefore, Zhao Zhao did not care about winning or losing in the competition. Anyway, he had won enough. After this competition, he became a millionaire. He estimated that in the whole Blue Cloud Sect, he was the only one. And all of this was thanks to Luo Zheng. From the bottom of his heart, he still hoped that Luo Zheng would win!

Chapter 299
"Abstain from anger, abstain from pride, abstain from impatience, abstain from greed, abstain from lust, abstain from..." Pei Tianyao kept reciting.
Pei Tianyao's temperament was very good, but it did not mean that he had no feelings. If he had no emotions, then he was not a human, but a god.
However, Pei Tianyao's self-control was very strong. Although he was embarrassed by Luo Zheng's punch, his mind was still calm as he recited the words.
"Your strength, how can it be so strong? Innate divine strength also has a limit. Your strength has already surpassed the limit of a Xiantian expert. "Pei Tianyao said with a dignified face.
Before, Luo Zheng had also used his full strength, but most people did not have Pei Tianyao's vision. They were able to see the strangeness of Luo Zheng's strength.
But with the strength of his body, Luo Zheng had indeed surpassed the limit of a Xiantian expert.
Strength was not limitless. It must be matched with a strong body. If the strength was too strong and the body could not keep up, then when Luo Zheng punched, his body would be crushed by his own strength.
Luo Zheng's body had been tempered thousands of times and became a middle-level spirit tool. His body was comparable to a spirit tool, so naturally, he could bear this kind of strength!
This was Luo Zheng's biggest secret. Naturally, he would not tell Pei Tianyao. Luo Zheng smiled and said. "Can I choose not to tell you?"
"Well, you can, but I am also very confident in the strength of my body." Pei Tianyao nodded his head. The Golden Bell Shield that shrouded his body suddenly collapsed. Then, golden Zhen Yuan constantly poured out and covered Pei Tianyao's body. It made him look like a man made of pure gold!
At this time, Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng's mysterious golden runes were very similar, but the two were fundamentally different.
When Luo Zheng's body began to absorb the flames, the golden runes turned into a golden vortex.
Every inch of Pei Tianyao's skin turned golden. His whole body looked like a man made of gold!
"Invincible Vajra Body! That's the Invincible Vajra Body! "A disciple suddenly shouted.
When Hua Tianming saw Pei Tianyao's Invincible Vajra Body, he sighed in his heart. Although he had forced Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha shadow out, Pei Tianyao seemed to have more tricks up his sleeve. This Invincible Vajra Body was clearly another trump card of Pei Tianyao.
"Invincible Vajra Body?" Looking at Pei Tianyao's golden body, Luo Zheng clenched his fist, his heart was already itching to try.
He had a spirit tool body. In terms of physical strength, even Sect Master Shi Jingtian was not as good as him. After all, the Blue Cloud Sect mainly cultivated the True Essence system. Very few people practiced dual cultivation because it was too difficult. A person's lifespan was limited. Being good at one thing was better than being good at one thing. Dual cultivation was destined to be strenuous and unrewarding.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng could not be considered a dual cultivator of body and energy. This was because the cultivation method of body refinement was completely different from Luo Zheng's' taking a beating 'cultivation method. Rather than saying that Luo Zheng was refining his body, it was better to say that he was using himself as a weapon to cultivate.
However, although his method was not a Body Refining Technique, it was more powerful and overbearing than a Body Refining Technique!
After Pei Tianyao displayed the Invincible Vajra Body, Luo Zheng put the Flowing Light Sword back into his spatial ring.
"What is Luo Zheng doing? He put his sword back? "
"I don't understand. I don't understand. Pei Tianyao used the Invincible Vajra Body, but he put his sword back? Is he going to admit defeat? "
"Is he going to use his own body to fight Pei Tianyao? Although Luo Zheng's body is strong, facing the Invincible Vajra Body … this? "
Everyone was stunned.
Born with divine strength and a tyrannical body, Luo Zheng relied on these two magic treasures to maintain a complete victory in the first half of the Full-Peak Competition. Many disciples were very clear about this.
However, no matter how tyrannical your body was, there was ultimately a limit. Therefore, in the second half of the Full-Peak Competition, Luo Zheng drew his sword and no longer relied on his innate divine strength and tyrannical body. Many spectators also felt that this was natural.
No matter how strong the Body Refining Technique was, it was still not a match for True Essence. He could deal with the weaker disciples, but if he encountered powerhouses like Wang Yun and Hua Tianming, he would give it a try.
To everyone's astonishment, he was going to do this again in the face of Pei Tianyao?
Pei Tianyao dared to do this because he had practiced the Invincible Vajra Body. In fact, the golden layer on Pei Tianyao's body was also condensed by True Essence, not the ability of his body. Luo Zheng only relied on his body to fight Pei Tianyao. Wasn't he courting death?
At this moment, the most astonished person was Luo Yan.
At this time, she had found a place to sit down. Her eyes never left her brother.
To be able to overcome all difficulties and reach this point in the Full-Peak Competition, Luo Yan knew that her brother was really strong, even if she did not watch her brother's previous battles.
But she did not expect Luo Zheng to be so strong!
"Brother, are you really going to fight Pei Tianyao head-on?"
"So confident!"
"Brother, come on!"
Luo Yan did not have much confidence in Luo Zheng's plan to fight Pei Tianyao, but she still believed in Luo Zheng's strength, even though her small hands were clenched tightly and her palms were full of sweat.
Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao were like two savage beasts from the wilderness at this moment. Four eyes looked at each other, and suddenly rushed to each other.
The speed of the two's punches was extremely fast. Both sides used the fiercest attack, and rarely defended!
Both sides relied on their strong bodies to collide with each other. This was a contest of strength against strength. At this moment, the two of them interpreted the aesthetics of violence to the extreme!
Looking at the punches on the flesh, the audience was so shocked that they almost forgot to breathe!
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng was a little better in terms of moves. Pei Tianyao had practiced too many techniques, too many of them, and a variety of fist techniques were emerging endlessly.
However, Luo Zheng had a little advantage over Pei Tianyao in terms of physical strength.
Perhaps Pei Tianyao's Invincible Vajra Body was more durable than Luo Zheng's Medium Level Spiritual Tool Body, but Luo Zheng's Medium Level Spiritual Tool Body could greatly weaken the opponent's attack, and transform the opponent's strength into a warm current that could cleanse the body.
In this case, Luo Zheng had the advantage.
Moreover, Luo Zheng could mobilize the power of the dragon scale, and in terms of pure strength, he was not at a disadvantage at all! In fact, he was even stronger!
So, in every round of attack, Luo Zheng may be injured by Pei Tianyao three or four times, and Luo Zheng may be able to counterattack twice, or even only once, but Luo Zheng's attack was more threatening than Pei Tianyao's attack by three or four times!
"Ah, Luo Zheng was punched again!"
"I can't watch this anymore. If this punch hits me, I'm afraid my ribs will turn into powder!"
"Only powder? What a joke, do you think Pei Tianyao's strength is not strong? If this punch were to land on your body, it would probably pierce right through your chest. "
"If this continues, Luo Zheng won't be able to hold on for long. He is always getting hit."
On the surface, the situation seemed to be like this, but in fact, the situation was completely opposite!
Pei Tianyao was very confident in his 《Invincible Vajra Body》. In fact, when he used the 《Invincible Vajra Body》, he considered defending against Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword. He felt that the Flowing Light Sword was the real threat to him.
In the end, Luo Zheng directly put away the sword … …
Since that was the case, Pei Tianyao did not say anything. After all, this was Luo Zheng's own choice.
However, the result of the fight surprised him, and the more he fought, the more surprised he became! At this moment, he could no longer maintain his calm state of mind. The originally calm lake had been set off huge waves!
This kid was not afraid of being hit at all!
Pei Tianyao was very clear about his own strength. Although he was not born with divine strength, he could use his True Essence to exert his strength. No matter how strong his body was, he would not dare to face it head-on.
What was Luo Zheng's body? This could no longer be described as a tyrannical body, right? He was simply a vicious beast.

Chapter 300
To be able to force Pei Tianyao, who was as steady as a mountain, to curse, Luo Zheng could be considered to have created a record.
The scene in the fighting arena looked very strange.
No matter how one looked at it, Luo Zheng was being beaten. After being hit three or four times, Luo Zheng only had one chance to fight back.
However, Luo Zheng was getting more and more excited. His eyes were getting brighter and brighter. On the other hand, although Pei Tianyao was the one being beaten, his face was full of depression and bitterness. It was as if he was riding a tiger and could not get off!
A warm current was constantly circulating in Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng not only did not feel pain, but also felt comfortable. How could he not be excited?
This kind of thrilling fight, but to Pei Tianyao, it was incomparably dull. It lasted for a while.
Finally, the golden light on Pei Tianyao's body slowly dimmed. Especially his chest and arms, which were often attacked by Luo Zheng, the golden light had faded, revealing the normal color of his skin.
Although the Invincible Vajra Body could be called an "indestructible body," in reality, it relied on the layer of golden light that was formed from the primordial energy on the surface. When that layer of golden light received too many blows, the primordial energy would slowly dissipate. Therefore, the Invincible Vajra Body was actually broken.
It was broken. It was broken by Luo Zheng's pure body. I was wrong. Luo Zheng is not a demon, he is a monster! "
"No, he is not a monster. He is simply a magical weapon, a humanoid magical weapon! He is not afraid of being beaten! "
This disciple was in disbelief. He compared Luo Zheng to a humanoid magical weapon. He did not know that he was right. Luo Zheng was indeed a humanoid magical weapon. Moreover, he was a humanoid magical weapon that was refined all the way!
After the last hit, the golden light on Pei Tianyao's body was finally dispersed by Luo Zheng. With a muffled groan, Pei Tianyao was pushed back seven or eight steps. Obviously, he had suffered internal injuries.
This kind of injury was nothing to Pei Tianyao. The key point was that he had lost the contest of physical strength. Moreover, he had lost thoroughly! Because he saw that Luo Zheng was still smiling, as if he hadn't been beaten enough.
At this time, Pei Tianyao had an illusion. He felt that Luo Zheng was deliberately leading him to beat him up! However, he was too embarrassed to voice out such an outrageous thought. After all, it was impossible for a psychopath in this world to be willing to be beaten up. Masochist?
However, Pei Tianyao did not know that his guess was right!
Luo Zheng wasn't satisfied yet. If it wasn't for the fact that he didn't want others to find out about his special body constitution, he really wanted Pei Tianyao to punch him a few hundred more times!
"It seems that I still overestimated myself," Pei Tianyao shook his head and said with a self-deprecating tone. "Originally, I thought that I could suppress you with my body, but it seems that it was just wishful thinking."
Pei Tianyao dispersed all the True Qi in his body, and a golden shadow appeared behind him. A Buddha statue began to slowly condense.
The Acala Wisdom King had two forms.
The first one was called the Hierophant Chakra, which was a ferocious and angry face. Pei Tianyao had used the Hierophant Chakra to deal with Hua Tianming.
The other was the Righteous Wheel Body, which had a silent smile on its face.
Although the Teaching Wheel Body was angry, it was not the most powerful form. The most powerful form of the Acala Wisdom King was the Righteous Wheel Body!
The shadow behind Pei Tianyao slowly became clearer in the process of condensing! It was completely different from the time when he dealt with Hua Tianming. This Acala Wisdom King had a Zen expression and a smile on its face like a spring breeze. It was the Righteous Wheel Body of the Acala Wisdom King.
Pei Tianyao was serious.
"This time, the Buddha statue is different. It actually has a smile on its face. Its momentum is far inferior to the time when he dealt with Hua Tianming!"
"I also think so. When Pei Tianyao fought against Hua Tianming, the Acalanatha statue was fierce and scary. However, this charmingly naive Buddha statue doesn't have any deterrence at all!"
"What do you know? This is called the Righteous Wheel Body!"
Everyone's discussion reached Luo Zheng's ears. He looked at the tall Acala Wisdom King's shadow, and his expression became more cautious.
The logic of these disciples was very idiotic. How could the Buddha statue's smile have anything to do with its power? Moreover, Luo Zheng could feel the killing intent hidden in the smile. It seemed that this Acala Wisdom King was even more terrifying than the angry Acala Wisdom King!
The Flowing Light Sword was once again taken out from Luo Zheng's spatial ring. He realized that he had to go all out.
Pei Tianyao's eyes flashed with a touch of light. He gently clapped his hands together. After three breaths of time, his two palms suddenly separated and once again clapped towards Luo Zheng.
The Acala Wisdom King's Righteous Wheel Body stretched out two huge palms and clapped towards Luo Zheng!
In front of those huge palms, Luo Zheng was like a mosquito. Luo Zheng had no doubt that if he was caught by those palms, he would be directly flattened!
"Pa!"
The two huge golden palms were extremely fast. In an instant, they clapped together and made a loud sound.
However, Luo Zheng's reaction was even faster. When the palms clapped together, he turned into a meteor and rushed upwards, jumping several feet high.
However, Luo Zheng could not fly. No matter how high he jumped, he would eventually fall down. Moreover, in a situation where he could not borrow strength from the air, it was even more difficult to dodge.
Pei Tianyao's eyes were clear. He waved his hand again, and the Acala Wisdom King's palm also slapped towards Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
This time, Luo Zheng was directly hit by the palm. The huge force directly sent Luo Zheng flying. The huge inertia made him hit the barrier, and at the same time, after the rebound, he fiercely hit the ground. With several elders joining hands to support the barrier, it was incomparably sturdy compared to the battlefield's ground. However, Luo Zheng still hit the barrier, creating a big pit.
"Pei Tianyao should have used this move earlier. The earlier he used it, the earlier the fight would have ended. He can directly control the Acala Wisdom King's shadow. Luo Zheng simply did not fight with him!" A disciple said.
Most people did not speak at this moment. They were concerned about whether Luo Zheng could get up or not.
No matter who it was, after being slapped by the Acala Wisdom King's shadow and heavily hitting the ground, they would certainly not be able to get up. There was no need to look at them. Their life might be in danger. For example, their whole body's bones would be broken, or even explode and die!
However, no one dared to comment at this time because Luo Zheng himself was an Outlander. As an Outlander, common sense couldn't be used to describe him. How could he be defeated by Pei Tianyao so easily? This was simply unbelievable.
Sure enough … …
This kind of attack was fatal to other people, but Luo Zheng still climbed up from the pit. His eyes were still blooming, and it seemed that he did not suffer any serious injuries.
Even if his injuries were not serious, Luo Zheng found himself in trouble.
First of all, the speed of the Acala Wisdom King's shadow was too fast. The speed of the two palms on the shadow was synchronized with Pei Tianyao. In other words, when Pei Tianyao waved his hand, the shadow would also wave its hand at the same time.
The problem was that Pei Tianyao's hand only moved a few inches away, while the Acala Wisdom King's two palms moved seven or eight times. Pei Tianyao's waving speed was almost in the blink of an eye, and the speed of the two palms was also in the blink of an eye …..
It was too fast. It was difficult for Luo Zheng to dodge, not to mention how he could get close to Pei Tianyao.
If he could not attack him, he would definitely lose this fight. Even if Luo Zheng's endurance was amazing, it would consume a lot of energy. Pei Tianyao only needed to wave his hand. Even if he waved his hand for a day and a night, he estimated that he would not even blink.
Pei Tianyao was still racking his brains to come up with a countermeasure. He received the two palms and slapped them at Luo Zheng again. Pei Tianyao did not intend to give Luo Zheng any chance to catch his breath.
This time, Luo Zheng still chose to dodge. However, when Luo Zheng dodged the palms, he made another shocking decision. He threw his sword …..
The Flowing Light Sword flew a circle in the air before it started to fall freely.
While everyone was still confused about Luo Zheng's intentions, a blood red shadow suddenly emerged from his body. The shadow instantly condensed into a shape. It was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye.
Yao Ye charged towards the Flowing Light Sword as soon as he appeared. When Yao Ye grabbed the Flowing Light Sword, he sped up again and pointed it at Pei Tianyao!
Yao Ye was a swordsman, so he could naturally use a sword to fight. However, Luo Zheng did not have two good swords right now. Since he was unable to escape, Luo Zheng could only dodge the two palms while controlling Yao Ye to attack Pei Tianyao.
＝＝＝＝＝