Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.5

Chapter 401
All the elite disciples, including Zhuo Feiling, felt like their minds were in a mess at this moment.
No matter how monstrous Luo Zheng was, no matter how talented he was, and no matter how strong he was, he was still a Xiantian Realm cultivator!
Xiantian Realm cultivators could not fly.
This was related to the principle of True Yuan circulation. Only after entering the Divine Realm could one burn their True Yuan to fly.
No matter how high a Xiantian Realm cultivator could jump, they would eventually land on the ground. Since ancient times, no Xiantian Realm cultivator had ever been able to break through this barrier.
But what was going on with Luo Zheng? He dodged Zhuo Feiling's spear and floated steadily in the air …
Everyone's faces were filled with confusion as they faced this incomprehensible situation.
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. His lips moved slightly as he spoke to Xiao Die's transmission token, "I didn't expect you to have a conscience!"
However, Xiao Die's next words made Luo Zheng's face darken. She chuckled and said, "If you die like this, how can I relieve the hatred in my heart? I will slowly torture you. From now on, you will come here every day and challenge the many elite disciples of the Cloud Hall! "
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. Although it was good to have a backer after entering the Cloud Hall, he did not want to be played like this!
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng did not have a choice.
Although Zhuo Feiling was a little surprised to see Luo Zheng fly into the sky, it did not mean that he would let Luo Zheng go. Flying was a common thing for a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, not to mention Zhuo Feiling, who was in the ninth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm.
Zhuo Feiling's blood-red spear turned slightly as he chased after Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng's body was unbelievably nimble. He floated left and right in the air like a nimble swallow. Zhuo Feiling followed Luo Zheng all the way, chasing Luo Zheng around the area. Unfortunately, his spear could not touch Luo Zheng's sleeve.
Zhuo Feiling could not see that a faint light had already pierced through the air and connected to Luo Zheng's body. This meant that Luo Zheng was Daoist Dameng's puppet!
Under Daoist Dameng's control, how could Zhuo Feiling catch up to Luo Zheng? Zhuo Feiling would not be able to catch up with Luo Zheng. Even if Zhuo Feiling could catch up with Luo Zheng, he might not be able to defeat Luo Zheng. After all, Daoist Dameng's puppet technique had reached the legendary "Fusion Realm", and he could directly apply his power to Luo Zheng's body.
Xiao Die yawned and smiled faintly, "Alright, let's let Luo Zheng rest for today. Let Luo Zheng provoke them again. It's best if he makes them angry, or else there won't be any fun tomorrow!"
Daoist Dameng nodded. His thick fingers danced nimbly. Luo Zheng was like a marionette. His eyes revealed a helpless expression, but his mouth shouted wildly, "Hahaha, Cloud Hall's elites are all a bunch of trash. From now on, I'll come here every day to accept your challenges. I'll see how strong you bunch of trash are …"
When the Cloud Hall's elite disciples saw Luo Zheng's display of strength, they had already given up on challenging Luo Zheng. However, when they heard Luo Zheng's shout, they were filled with righteous indignation. They had seen people who looked down on others, but they had never seen someone who looked down on others like this! These Cloud Hall's elites were all self-proclaimed geniuses. They were also at the age where they were full of vigor. How could they swallow this insult? For a moment, the gray building was filled with curses again!
However, Luo Zheng smashed open the building's door and floated away amidst the curses …
After flying in a circle in the air, Luo Zheng fell with a plop. After taking back control of his body, Luo Zheng's face was full of helplessness. He said through the voice transmission token, "Great aunt, I'll call you great aunt, okay? Don't play with me like this! "
However, Xiao Die didn't appreciate it at all. "No, you should rest well today. We'll continue tomorrow morning!"
Luo Zheng didn't seem to have any other way to resist other than scrunching up his face like a bitter gourd. He felt like a lump of dough that Xiao Die could knead at will. If she wanted to make it flat, it would be flat. If she wanted to make it square, it would be square.
After a night, Luo Zheng used the "Ten Thousand Fiend Wheel of Existence" in actual combat and had a new understanding of it. He also seized the time to cultivate throughout the night. However, early the next morning, Luo Zheng felt a little energy fluctuation approaching him. Before he could dodge, he felt his body tremble …
Then, Luo Zheng opened the door and continued to run toward the gray building.
"Do you have to be so early?" Fortunately, Xiao Die didn't deprive him of the right to speak.
"I already said that you'll come once a day starting from yesterday!" Xiao Die said indifferently.
Because Luo Zheng had taught Zhuo Bufan a lesson yesterday and left behind such wanton and arrogant words before he left, the news immediately spread among the Cloud Hall's elites.
The strength of the Elite Hall's disciples ranged from the early Divine Reflection Stage to the extreme Divine Reflection Stage. When these hot-blooded disciples heard Luo Zheng's words, they all exploded with anger. How could some newcomers be so arrogant nowadays? If they didn't teach him a lesson, would he really think that there was no one in the Elite Hall?
The gray building was originally for the Elite Hall's disciples to exchange pointers. In fact, there weren't many disciples there usually. Most of them were either busy with the Cloud Hall's missions or diligently cultivating.
But today, the gray building was full of more than a hundred people, and most of them were in the middle stage of the Divine Reflection Stage, which was the fourth to sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Stage. A small number were in the seventh to ninth stage of the Divine Reflection Stage.
The Elite Hall's disciples were all selected from millions of people. Everyone's talent wasn't bad, and they were at least Human-level geniuses. There were many Earth-level geniuses, and even a small number of Heaven-level geniuses!
"I want to see who this Xiantian lifeform is today. I've never seen such an arrogant kid in my life! "
"He hasn't appeared yet. Is he afraid that he'll be beaten to death? I heard that kid can fly when he's still a Xiantian lifeform? That's really strange! "
"Since that kid said he'll come, he'll probably come, right? I don't know what he's planning. What's the benefit of offending the entire Cloud Hall's Elite Hall? "
"Who knows? Some people just have cheap mouths. With all of us here, I think we can beat his mouth until it's swollen! "
At this time, another young man dressed in brown linen clothes walked in. This young man had a tall and sturdy body and was on par with Shi Jingtian. The temples on both sides of his forehead were bulging and his eyes were as sharp as lightning.
"Li Buyi! Even he's here! "
"No way, even the Divine Reflection Stage has been alerted? Isn't that kid dead for sure? "
Someone greeted Li Buyi, "Big Brother Buyi, you also heard?"
Li Buyi nodded and stood on the side with a smile: "I only came to join in the fun. I just finished my mission and had nothing to do. I heard that an extremely arrogant junior had come to the Elite Hall, so I came to take a look."
"Big Brother Buyi, why don't you teach that kid a lesson! There's no limit to his arrogance. That guy jumped out from that little corner of the East Territory. He comes from a second-rate sect and doesn't know that there's always someone better than him! "Someone said to Li Buyi angrily.
However, Li Buyi shook his head and said honestly: "Everyone has their moments of arrogance. With all of you here, you can always teach him a lesson. A junior at the Upper Sky Realm …" He shook his head: "If I beat him, it would be an unfair victory."
"Big Brother Buyi is right. Why should he make a move for an Upper Sky? You're overestimating Luo Zheng! "Another person said from the side.
"He's here, he's here …"
Finally, Luo Zheng appeared at the door of the grey building. Despite his unwillingness, his body was not under his control.
Many disciples from the Elite Hall stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes. It was the first time that most of them had seen Luo Zheng.
Previously, many of them couldn't believe that Luo Zheng had defeated Zhuo Bufan with the strength of a Upper Sky Realm warrior. But now, they were certain that Luo Zheng was only a Upper Sky Realm warrior, and he wasn't even a Peak Sky Realm warrior. He was only at the fourth level of the Xiantian realm.
If not for Luo Zheng's arrogance, most of them would be amazed by Luo Zheng's strength. If he was this strong as a Upper Sky Realm warrior, wouldn't he be able to challenge Divine Core warriors after he broke through to the Divine Reflection realm?
But, since Luo Zheng had said those arrogant words, he had offended all disciples from the Elite Hall. So, how could they show any respect to Luo Zheng? Therefore, all of them glared at Luo Zheng with murderous intent, as if they wanted to melt Luo Zheng with their glares.
At the same time, they also saw a strange phenomenon. Luo Zheng had a helpless expression on his face, but he still said, "Hehe, all of you trash, sorry for the long wait …" After saying this, Luo Zheng's face darkened, and he cursed Little Butterfly in his mind a million times.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 402
"Hua …"
Luo Zheng's words were like a match that had ignited a warehouse full of gunpowder. Instantly, it had ignited the atmosphere of all the martial artists inside the grey building.
"Darn it, it's the same as the rumors. This guy is not crazy, he doesn't even know his name, right?"
"Let's go together and tear this guy into pieces!"
"Kill him, kill this kid!"
If looks could kill, most likely Luo Zheng would have died a hundred times, or even a thousand times.
Even Li Buyi frowned. He sized Luo Zheng carefully. For some unknown reason, from the first time he saw Luo Zheng, he saw a trace of disharmony. However, he could not find the flaw.
It could only be said that Daoist Master Big Dream's skill in controlling puppets was too high. When a puppet master reached the "Fusion Stage," they could almost do whatever they wanted. Even if Li Buyi was at the Divine Reflection Stage, it would still be difficult for him to see through the flaws.
Luo Zheng walked in large strides. Then, he felt those threads of energy moving away from him. He had regained control of his body.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng would rather not regain control of his body! Now, he had to face a group of angry elite disciples who could eat him up — it was simply hell!
"Luo Zheng, I will challenge you!" A disciple walked up. This disciple was at the Sixth Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage.
Luo Zheng smiled lightly and tried to appear calm. Then, he shook his head and said: "I … am willing to accept your challenge, but I want to set a rule!"
"Are you joking? Who listens to your rules? You are so arrogant, why do you need rules? "
"Aren't you arrogant? Even if all of us go together, we would not be your opponent! What rules do you need? Are you guys all right? "
"Everyone, let's listen to him …"
Luo Zheng kept silent until everyone quieted down. Then, Luo Zheng said: "I will only challenge three people each day. And I will choose the people I want to challenge."
Little Butterfly's arrangement was too vicious. Luo Zheng had to think of his own ideas. If these elite disciples of the Cloud Hall and Little Butterfly did not accept, then he would rather stand there and let them beat him to death …
"What a joke, didn't you say you wanted to challenge all the disciples of the Elite Hall? Each of us is qualified, why should you choose? "A disciple said unhappily.
"Forget it, is there anyone weak in the Elite Hall? Let him choose! How powerful can a Upper Sky life form be? " There were also some disciples who accepted Luo Zheng's proposal. They believed that even if Luo Zheng could choose, it would be difficult for him to find an opponent that he could defeat.
Once again, the crowd quieted down. Luo Zheng's gaze quietly swept through the crowd. Finally, his finger fell on a disciple who was in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. There was no other way. The disciples of the Elite Hall today were not weak, and this disciple was probably the weakest one.
"Haha, this guy picked the right person. He actually picked Shangguan Baimeng!"
"Shangguan Baimeng, that brat thinks you look easy to bully!"
Shangguan Baimeng's face was full of ridicule. He moved his wrist and looked at Luo Zheng with contempt. "You didn't pick me because my level is low, only in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm, right?"
Luo Zheng chuckled and nodded. He really had nothing to say. After all, Luo Zheng's personality was not such an arrogant person. Everything could only be blamed on that damned Little Butterfly, but he just couldn't say it out loud.
"Very good, you have good eyesight, but you're destined to regret it. Although I, Shangguan Baimeng, am only in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm, there are at least 15 people stronger than me who have died at my hands. Actually, I wasn't interested in fighting a Upper Sky life form today, but unfortunately, you're unlucky to have picked me. I hope … you won't regret it," Shangguan Baimeng said with a cold smile.
"Then let's begin!" With no other choice, Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk nonsense. In any case, he had already thought it through. Little Butterfly most likely wouldn't let him die. Her goal wasn't hard to guess. She was just using a high-intensity battle to train herself. However, this method was too sinister and ruined Luo Zheng's character.
The millions of Cloud Hall's elite disciples stepped aside, and Luo Zheng and Shangguan Baimeng stood opposite each other.
Shangguan Baimeng's weapon was a pair of metal gloves. It looked very ordinary. After he put on the gloves, he stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Where's your weapon?"
Luo Zheng also waved his fist. "This is enough!"
"Haha …"
"This kid is crazy!"
"Shangguan Baimeng uses gloves because his strongest move is his fist technique. Even if others were to use weapons, they wouldn't be able to deal with Shangguan Baimeng's fist technique. This guy actually wants to use his bare hands …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, there was a burst of laughter. Shangguan Baimeng also laughed. "Let me remind you. Ever since I embarked on the path of a warrior, I have always used my gloves. I have a nickname, Iron Hands. My fists are very hard. Even if I don't use gloves, they are comparable to a spiritual weapon!"
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He really wanted to say that his entire body was a high-grade spiritual tool. However, he had already offended these people before. After thinking about it, he decided to forget about it. He just nodded and said, "I understand!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng still had no intention of unsheathing his sword, Shangguan Baimeng was too lazy to argue. The right thing to do was to get rid of this kid quickly.
Shangguan Baimeng raised his fist and lowered his body. Like a dragon swimming in water, he advanced towards Luo Zheng. With a ruthless smile on his face, he said, "I also want to remind you that once I enter battle mode, I can't stop. Even if your strength is too weak, I won't be merciful!"
After speaking, Shangguan Baimeng's pair of iron fists suddenly appeared. A bronze-colored True Essence fiercely smashed towards Luo Zheng.
"Shangguan Baimeng, kill him with one punch!"
"Shangguan Baimeng, use your Canglan Fist and blow him up with one punch!"
"This Luo Zheng's body is very fragile. Try to kill him with one blow!"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. Ever since Luo Zheng found out about Cui Xie's true strength and status, he had been constantly reminding himself that if he wanted to continue walking on the path of cultivation, if he really wanted to save his sister, he would have to put in ten times, a hundred times, or even a thousand times more effort than other people!
Although Xiao Die's actions were despicable, her goal was to squeeze out all of his potential and make him stronger.
In the future, not only would he have to face opponents at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, his future opponents would also be warriors at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm, the Divine Core realm, or even stronger than the Divine Core realm!
Therefore, during this period of time, Luo Zheng had been cultivating day and night! A few days ago, he had sent the remaining portion of the Heavenly Evolution Solution into his mind, lighting up dozens of dragon scales. With this, he would be able to borrow more energy from Qinglong's dragon scales.
Luo Zheng didn't light up any more dragon scales. Each of Qinglong's dragon scales contained a tremendous amount of energy, and although he had the body of a Spirit Item, there was still a limit to the amount of energy he could contain. If he lit up too many dragon scales, his body wouldn't be able to withstand the energy, and it would collapse on its own!
With such a tremendous amount of energy, and his body that was comparable to a Spirit Item, it wasn't arrogant of him to fight Shangguan Baimeng bare-handed!
"Canglan Heavenly Fist!"
When Shangguan Baimeng's punch was halfway through, it suddenly sped up. Following the golden glow that was emitting from his fist, his strength had increased by several folds.
"Come on, crush him!"
"Crush his head with one punch!"
"Break his tendons and bones. Let's see if he still dares to be so arrogant!"
Amidst the roars of the crowd, 200 dragon scales suddenly lit up, emitting a jade-green glow. All the muscles in his body instantly swelled up, and Luo Zheng's originally frail body underwent a huge change at this moment. Every muscle was swollen to the extreme, and every meridian was swollen like an earthworm. It was as if his skin was about to burst open!
At the same time, the energy from the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in his right hand instantly dissipated. Whether it was the strength or speed of this punch, it had reached the limits of Luo Zheng's body.
"Heavenly Demon God Fist!"
"Peng!"
Both of them were competing in strength. At this moment, the moves didn't seem to be important. What determined the outcome was strength and speed, and most importantly, the body's ability to withstand attacks.
Shangguan Baimeng and Luo Zheng hit each other's bodies at the same time. However, the moment they were hit, Shangguan Baimeng's face revealed a frightened expression, while Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile.
This Shangguan Baimeng was known as the "Iron Hands". His fists were comparable to spirit weapons, but they were only fists. His body was only slightly stronger than other warriors. However, Luo Zheng was different. He had the body of a high-grade spirit weapon, and there were three spirit inscriptions on his chest! As long as his body advanced another level, he would be able to step into the body of an immortal weapon! How could this Shangguan Baimeng compare to him?
Therefore, the moment he was hit, Luo Zheng only felt Shangguan Baimeng's ferocious fist smashing into his body. He only took a few steps back, and then a large amount of warm current appeared in his body, constantly washing his dantian, making him feel exceptionally comfortable.
On the other hand, Shangguan Baimeng was directly sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch, which contained the strength of 200 dragon scales!
Shangguan Baimeng's burly body crashed into a few elite disciples, and then heavily smashed into the wall of the building, lying motionless in the corner.

Chapter 403
If Luo Zheng had used other methods to defeat Shangguan Baimeng, most likely they would not have been this shocked.
It was because although Shangguan Baimeng was powerful, if they were to truly fight, he would be slightly more powerful than Zhuo Bufan, who had just entered the Divine Reflection Stage. One could even say that there was not much difference between the two.
Since Luo Zheng had defeated Zhuo Bufan, naturally he could defeat Shangguan Baimeng. However, he had used his fists to defeat Shangguan Baimeng!
How famous was Shangguan Baimeng's pair of iron fists in the Elite Hall? Martial artists relied on the advantage of their weapons. Few martial artists were willing to give up their weapons and only use their fists.
Even if many martial artists practiced fist techniques, it would be a supplement to their weaknesses.
However, Shangguan Baimeng had used his fists as his greatest advantage. It was enough to show that he was extremely confident in his fists! In fact, in these few years, Shangguan Baimeng had shown outstanding talent. Indeed, the power he had unleashed was astonishing. No one dared to look down on his pair of iron fists.
Luo Zheng was clearly a swordsman. His greatest trump card should be his sword techniques. How come his body was so powerful? How could he have such great power?
This was the part they could not understand the most …
It was like an archer who was most proud of his archery skills. He could shoot a willow leaf from a hundred steps away without missing a millimeter. In the end, one day, this archer suddenly threw away his bow and competed with someone using his sword. And he also defeated the other party using his sword techniques!
Such huge difference would give a destructive blow to one's confidence. This Luo Zheng seemed to know too much.
In the corner, Hua Tianming carried his sword on his back and revealed a light smile. He understood why these elite Cloud Hall elites were so shocked. Luo Zheng was an all-rounder. It seemed that he did not have any obvious shortcomings. Almost all of his skills were excellent. Regardless of his natural strength, his tyrannical body, or the simple sword techniques, each of his skills were outstanding!
Any of his skills would be enough for others to hold their own.
Li Buyi raised his rough eyebrows slightly and revealed a surprised look from his calm eyes.
Being an elite warrior at the Divine Reflection Stage, Li Buyi was thinking about other problems! Shangguan Baimeng had relied on his True Essence to strengthen his physique and increase his strength and fist techniques. This was very normal.
Although Luo Zheng had used his True Essence, it had only been poured into his fist. His body hadn't been strengthened by the True Essence. There were people who could do this, and they were Body Refiners.
Before entering the Xiantian Secret Realm, humans would temper their bodies. However, after entering the Xiantian Secret Realm, their Dantian would be opened, and all humans would switch to cultivating Zhen Yuan cultivation techniques. Compared to body tempering, human Zhen Yuan cultivation techniques were much more powerful.
However, this did not mean that the path of body refining was difficult. There were also a small number of humans who chose to refine their bodies. It was just that in terms of body refining techniques, humans were naturally inferior to the demon race, the demon race, and other races that were born with strong physiques.
Most importantly, Li Buyi did not sense the "Vital Essence" of a body refiner from Luo Zheng. The Vital Essence was similar to the Genuine Essence. However, the Vital Essence could not be visualized. If Luo Zheng was a body refiner, it would be impossible for him to not have the Vital Essence. However, his body was tyrannical and monstrous. He was able to use pure strength to repel Shangguan Baimeng. This explained the problem. If his body was not tyrannical to a certain extent, how did he do it?
This was the reason why Li Buyi was surprised.
However, he had only come today to watch the show. Besides, even if he wanted to know the answer, Luo Zheng would not tell him. He could only stay on the side and observe quietly. This guy named Luo Zheng was truly an anomaly!
Standing in the middle of the hall, Luo Zheng moved his body and looked at the people around him quietly. He said with a light smile: "Who else wants to challenge me?"
All the elite disciples fell into a moment of silence. However, soon, someone stepped out.
"Me!"
"Me! I don't believe it, Shangguan Baimeng was only careless! "
"Guan Yue, you go, kill that kid!"
When he saw the enthusiasm of many martial artists, instantly, Luo Zheng felt a headache. Since he had chosen to use his strongest attack to defeat Shangguan Baimeng, he had planned to intimidate them. Unfortunately, it seemed to have no effect at all.
These disciples of the Cloud Hall were not martial artists from the Eastern Territory. Those disciples that could enter the Elite Hall were far more than the "one in ten thousand." They were martial artists that stood out from tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of disciples. Before entering the Cloud Hall, they were all geniuses among geniuses. They thought highly of themselves, how could they be intimidated by Luo Zheng?
"Kid, choose me! I promise I won't hurt you! " Another two brawny men stood in front of Luo Zheng with their arms crossed. Their huge bodies almost completely blocked Luo Zheng's line of sight.
These two brawny men were in the sixth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. Luo Zheng was not an idiot. Since Little Butterfly insisted on using this method to squeeze out his potential, he would not casually let others step on him. Thus, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. His gaze fell on a young man behind the two brawny men. This young man was also in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm.
"Yue Zhu, that kid chose you. Work hard!" Someone pushed the young man from behind.
This young man called Yue Zhu was just here to watch the show. He did not expect Luo Zheng to choose him. In addition, he did not have much confidence in his own strength. Luo Zheng's punch just now had him down. Thus, Yue Zhu waved his hand and asked Luo Zheng: "Can you change to someone else? I'm just here to watch the show … "
Luo Zheng nodded, indicating that he could. Since the other party was not willing to accept the challenge, Luo Zheng would not force him.
However, although Luo Zheng agreed, many disciples of the Elite Hall were not happy. "Yue Zhu, isn't your 'Wind Sword Art' completed? What are you afraid of! Beat that kid up, and I'll give you five high-grade True Origin Stones! "
"Yue Zhu, if you dare to back down, I'll break your legs!"
"You're backing down in front of a Xiantian lifeform? Yue Zhu, do you still have the face to face your Yue Clan? Do you think I won't tell your father? "
Under the pressure of the disciples of the Elite Hall, Yue Zhu looked at Luo Zheng with an innocent expression. Yue Zhu's background was not bad. He was a disciple of a second-rank clan in Cloud Sea City. The Yue Clan's power was almost on par with the Blue Cloud Sect. If his clan backed down in front of a Xiantian lifeform, it would be a great loss of face.
Thus, Yue Zhu took out his sword and walked towards Luo Zheng.
However, how could Yue Zhu, who had only comprehended Sword Intent, be a match for Luo Zheng? In addition, Yue Zhu was somewhat unwilling to fight, so he blindly took a defensive stance. After exchanging more than 20 moves with Luo Zheng, he was quickly defeated ….
The disciples of the Elite Hall also booed. Then, more than 10 people stepped forward to provoke Luo Zheng. These people who dared to provoke Luo Zheng were all confident in their strength and were confident in defeating Luo Zheng. As for the other disciples who were slightly weaker, they all shrank into a corner, afraid that they would be chosen by Luo Zheng.
In the end, Luo Zheng once again chose a relatively weak target, and easily defeated him. Then, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "Everyone, let's call it a day. Come early tomorrow!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng turned around and was about to leave. However, how could these people let Luo Zheng go?
"You want to leave? In your dreams! Let's talk after we fight! "
"Stop him! This guy is opportunistic. He chose those weak people to fight one-on-one. Why?"
"Luo Zheng! If you want to leave, you will have to pass through me first! "
This group of Elite Hall disciples rushed forward. Just as they were about to fight, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly floated like a strange shadow. He drilled out of the crowd and flew high into the sky, escaping from this gray building.
Seeing Luo Zheng's strange movements, at this time, even Li Buyi, who was at the peak of Divine Brilliance, revealed a look of shock. It was because even Li Buyi did not have the confidence to catch Luo Zheng!
"This guy …" Li Buyi shook his head with a bitter smile. An Upper Sky Realm warrior dared to challenge the Elite Hall. The strength he displayed was already amazing. Li Buyi felt that his evaluation of Luo Zheng was high enough. However, when he saw Luo Zheng fly in the air with that strange movements, he realized that he still underestimated Luo Zheng.
Naturally, Li Buyi did not know that at this time, Luo Zheng's body was being controlled by Daoist Master Big Dream. Thus, he was equivalent to Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet!
How strong was Daoist Master Big Dream? Even if he was controlling a puppet, ordinary Divine Core warriors were no match for him, let alone Li Buyi, who was only at the peak of Divine Brilliance.
"Damn it, he really knows how to fly! What the hell?! "
"An Upper Sky Realm warrior can fly, and his movement and speed … this guy is really a freak!"
"It's fine if we can't catch up to him, but he will come back anyway. Let's discuss how to deal with him!"
Luo Zheng wanted to challenge all disciples from the Elite Hall, but he would choose three opponents each time. If Luo Zheng chose weaker opponents, the Elite Hall would have no way to deal with Luo Zheng.
However, after Luo Zheng left, someone quickly came up with a plan to deal with him. Those weaker disciples shouldn't come again. This way, they could force Luo Zheng to choose stronger disciples to fight!
In short, these disciples from the Elite Hall came up with different ideas. They wanted to teach Luo Zheng a lesson, and let him know how high the heavens were and how thick the earth was.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew that he had offended all the disciples from the Elite Hall, and this was one of Xiao Die's goals. He had no other choice …
After all, a warrior had to grow through battles, and many warriors knew this. Many warriors had died during their training, or at the hands of their opponents. However, Luo Zheng could challenge his opponents without any hesitation, and at the most crucial moment, he could easily leave. Therefore, not everyone had this opportunity.
At night, while Luo Zheng was cultivating, he kept opening the red and blue treasure chests. The soul essence in the red treasure chest could increase Luo Zheng's soul strength, and the blood soul of the Nine Headed Dragon in the blue treasure chest could greatly increase his Qi and Blood.
These two things were great supplements to any warrior. Luo Zheng also knew that the disciples from the Elite Hall would eventually come up with a plan to deal with him. They couldn't let him continue to be so arrogant, so he urgently needed to increase his strength.
After swallowing all the soul essences in the red treasure chests, Luo Zheng felt that his soul strength had increased by 30%. With his eyes closed, he could feel waves of comfort coming from his soul. After a long time, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and said to Qinglong, "You said that you would teach me a method to create runes. Is my soul strong enough to learn it now?"

Chapter 404
Humans had studied runes very deeply because they had so many uses. To some extent, runes were even more important than weapons that concerned a warrior's life.
For example, the Blue Cloud Sect's Cultivation Secret Realm was almost entirely an illusory formation built with runes and materials. As for the runes inscribed on many weapons, it was common to see runes that increased the power of the weapons.
Then there were the sect-protecting formations of various sects. Even the "fire runes" used by alchemists and blacksmiths to increase the power of flames were all drawn by rune masters using all kinds of rare materials. Only then could they display their powerful effects.
The "divine runes" that Qinglong taught him came from the rune inheritance of the wider world. It had already surpassed the concept of runes. Whether it was in terms of concept or power, the rune inheritance of the Central Domain could not be compared to it.
"Divine runes? Then can I practice divine runes now? "Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong chuckled. "You can, but even if you swallow those soul essences, your soul power is still not strong enough. Even if you learn divine rune techniques now, you can only draw the lowest level of divine runes. Are you sure you want to start learning now?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "One cannot travel a thousand miles without taking a few steps. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. If I don't take this step, how long will I have to wait?"
"En, you're right. Drawing divine runes consumes a lot of soul power. At the same time, it can also train your soul. It's right for you to start learning now …" Qinglong said slowly. "However, the first step to drawing divine runes is to imbue your soul power into the tip of the brush."
"Tip of the brush? What kind of brush? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Naturally, it's a brush for drawing divine runes. Moreover, you still lack the materials for drawing divine runes. If you want to learn divine runes, you have to prepare everything," Qinglong said indifferently. "However, you originally cultivated the 《Frightening God Thorn》 and have already comprehended the method of 'transforming soul into a thorn', so it's not difficult to imbue your soul power into the tip of the brush. These things … you can prepare them tomorrow. I'll teach you how to draw your first divine rune and see if you have the talent."
Then, a list of items appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
Seeing the list, Luo Zheng felt dizzy. Whether it was runemaster, weapon refiner or alchemist, none of them could be refined in a day. For example, Luo Zheng wanted to rely on "Heaven's Derivation Essence" to refine weapons, but it was difficult for him to learn the true method of refining weapons by relying on Che Daozi's notes. Unless he was taught by a famous master, it would be difficult for him to achieve anything by relying on his own comprehension.
This was also the reason why the descendants of landowning households and the descendants of large clans in the Cloud Hall looked down on the commoners. These people were born with a silver spoon in their mouths. If they wanted to learn something, their clans would naturally hire famous teachers for them. In the end, their achievements would definitely not be bad!
This was also the reason why it was difficult for grassroots disciples to make a name for themselves. Ninety-nine percent of grassroots disciples had lost at the starting line from the moment they were born.
Now that Luo Zheng had Qinglong as his "great teacher", he naturally didn't mind learning a secondary profession …
Early in the morning of the second day, Luo Zheng's body trembled. Once again, he was controlled by Daoist Dameng, and his body flew out of his room uncontrollably. He flew towards the grey building.
Three challenges in a single day, for Luo Zheng, it was a huge burden.
Yesterday, there were over 100 people in the grey building, and when Luo Zheng entered the building today, he was shocked. The number of people was twice as many as the previous day.
Luo Zheng had no idea how many disciples there were in the Elite Hall, but he was sure that there wouldn't be a lot of them! After all, all the disciples from the Cloud Hall and the Cloud Sect, as well as the five big sects, had to go through multiple rounds of screening. Those who were able to enter the Elite Hall were all true elites.
Luo Zheng didn't expect there to be even more people than yesterday, and some of them were even Divine Core warriors …
Wasn't it just a few taunts? Why were there so many people here? Those Divine Core warriors weren't from the Elite Hall, were they?
Indeed, those few Divine Core warriors weren't from the Elite Hall, but because of Luo Zheng's taunts for the past two days, the news had slowly spread throughout the Cloud Hall.
All the disciples from the Elite Hall knew that there was a new disciple who was extremely arrogant, and that this new disciple was a Xiantian realm warrior! Not only were the disciples from the Elite Hall shocked, even some of the old men in the Cloud Hall were alerted.
One of them was Elder Fei Han.
During the trial, Fei Han had been taking good care of Luo Zheng. If it was within his ability, Fei Han was willing to put in a good word for Luo Zheng. After all, in Fei Han's opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely shine brightly in the Cloud Hall in the future. With his talent, it was just a matter of time.
However, Fei Han didn't expect Luo Zheng's' shine brightly 'would come so early. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to challenge the entire Elite Hall right after he entered the Cloud Hall. Wasn't this a little too fast?
Out of curiosity, Fei Han secretly came to the scene to observe. However, as a Sect Elder, it wasn't appropriate for him to show his face. Therefore, Fei Han hid himself.
Luo Zheng had just arrived at the side of the grey building when Elder Fei Han made a strange sound. With his strength, of course he could see through the thin light on Luo Zheng's body. "What's going on? Luo Zheng seems to have been manipulated by someone? "
A strange expression appeared on Fei Han's face.
Using strings to control a puppet and depriving the other party of control over their body. The most famous person in the Cloud Hall was Daoist Master Dameng. Although Fei Han was old, as a Sect Elder of the Cloud Hall, how smart was he? From the beginning to the end, he had more or less guessed what had happened.
"I understand now." Fei Han had originally heard rumors that Luo Zheng was incomparably arrogant and looked down on the entire Elite Hall. In Fei Han's impression, Luo Zheng wouldn't do such a stupid thing. Even if Luo Zheng really had the strength, he wouldn't be so senseless.
Now it seemed that this was the Hall Master's doing …
Fei Han could see through it, but the Elite Hall disciples couldn't. How could they let Luo Zheng be arrogant for two days in a row? Today, they were eager to give Luo Zheng an unforgettable lesson.
However, today's results weren't optimistic. Luo Zheng successively defeated three fifth stage Divine Reflection Realm Elite Hall disciples and then fled without a trace, leaving behind a group of Elite Hall disciples who were gnashing their teeth in anger.
Luo Zheng wasn't stupid enough to challenge those seventh or eighth stage Divine Reflection Realm martial artists. If this continued, they really wouldn't be able to do much to Luo Zheng.
After today's challenges, Luo Zheng hurriedly rushed to the market square of the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall also had a market square. The purpose of setting up a market square in the Cloud Hall was for the convenience of many disciples. Some Cloud Hall disciples could also take out their own things to trade here. Moreover, there were many outside merchants in the market square. Even the largest business alliance in the Central Domain, the World Business Alliance, had set up shop in the market square of the Cloud Hall.
This market square was set up at the edge of the Cloud Hall. Walking along the street of the market square to the end, Luo Zheng could even see a vast sea of clouds. If he jumped down from the side and experienced a fall of a thousand meters, he would hit the ground head first.
It was here that Luo Zheng found a material store.
This material store didn't have a signboard. Next to the large signboard, there was a small ancient character engraved with the words "World Business Alliance".
Bystanders had heard of the "World Business Alliance". In fact, the power behind this business alliance was very strong. There were even rumors that although the World Business Alliance wasn't a sect power, it was actually slightly stronger than the Cloud Hall in terms of strength! It could be considered a quasi fifth-grade power! However, the World Business Alliance only did business blindly. They made do with what they had and never participated in any conflicts between sects.
After entering, Luo Zheng saw a dazzling array of materials in the store.
There were all kinds of strange materials, such as "Black Striped Rhino Horn", "Green Wood Thunder Light Stone", and even a "Cloud Linden" that had decayed for thirty thousand years.
Runes were a great field of study. The things contained in them were all things that predecessors had slowly figured out over ten thousand years.
In this store, there was an old man holding a round glass mirror with his head lowered. He seemed to be carefully observing the small characters on a jade pendant. That piece of ancient jade seemed to be very special. It was probably from a very long time ago. The characters on the jade pendant were strangely shaped, and Luo Zheng didn't know what was written.
"Boss!" Luo Zheng called out.
That old man, who was concentrating, was startled by Luo Zheng. The old man raised his head and glanced at Luo Zheng. When he discovered that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian realm, a strange expression appeared on his face. Most of the people who came to the Cloud Hall's market square were at the Divine Illumination Realm or above. After all, there were very few people who could join the Cloud Hall as Xiantian experts. Even if people from Cloudsea City wanted to visit the market square of the Cloud Hall, they had to have the ability to fly up. How could they come up if they weren't at the Divine Illumination Realm?
"What do you want?" The old man said angrily. Being disturbed was something that made people angry. Moreover, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian realm. The old man's temper was even worse.
"I want to buy some materials and a pen for drawing runes," Luo Zheng said while looking around.
"Materials and a pen? You want to make runes? You? "The old man's face revealed a trace of ridicule.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 405
It wasn't that the old man looked down on Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng's behavior was too strange.
The old man had been selling materials his whole life, and he was a well-known figure in the sub-alliance of the World Business Alliance in Cloud Sea City. He more or less knew all the Illusionary Matrix Masters, Rune Masters, and even those famous Weapon Refiners and Alchemists in Cloud Sea City.
He even knew some of the Illusionary Matrix Masters in the Cloud Hall.
Formations were made up of runes. How could drawing runes be something that could be learned just because one wanted to?
Generally speaking, if a young apprentice wanted to learn how to draw runes, he or she had to be taught by a master in person. Usually, the master would have prepared all kinds of tools for the apprentice, so why would the apprentice need to come here to buy runes? Even if the apprentice needed to buy runes, he or she would only buy a better rune pen after learning to a certain extent.
Therefore, the old man thought that Luo Zheng was just doing it on a whim, and thought that runes were just something that could be casually drawn with a rune pen.
The old man saw a few impulsive young people every year, but none of them could really succeed. Therefore, the old man somewhat looked down on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the old man's attitude at all, but nodded seriously. "Yes, I want to learn how to make runes. I just want to practice my brush first. Take these materials." After saying that, Luo Zheng handed over a list of materials, which were listed according to Qinglong's requirements.
According to what the Azure Dragon had said, these materials were only used to inscribe the most basic of Divine Imprints. But … even the materials used to inscribe the lowest grade of Divine Imprints were extraordinary. At the very least, Luo Zheng estimated that these materials were not cheap.
The old man casually glanced at Luo Zheng's materials, and his expression suddenly changed, which was then replaced by anger. "You said you're using these materials to practice your brush? Are you here to make fun of me? Get out, get out … Don't waste my time if you have nothing to do! "
After saying that, the old man actually stood up to drive him away.
Luo Zheng couldn't stand it anymore. He said, "How can we not do business when we're open? You sell me things and I pay you. Why do you have to drive me away?"
The old man said with a gloomy face, "These materials are all for making four-star runes. Ordinary runemasters can't use them! You said you were using it to practice your brush! Hey, tell me, are you here to amuse me? "
Hearing the old man's words, Luo Zheng was stunned. At this time, Qinglong's voice sounded, "Hehe, my rune is of a higher level … I estimate that the four-star runes in your lower realm have the same requirements as the basic one-star runes."
If the runes were the experiences of the rune masters in the Boundless World where Luo Zheng lived for thousands of years, then the divine runes were the crystallization of hundreds of millions of years in the Upper World! Whether it was in terms of conception or inheritance, the two were not on the same level at all!
It was like comparing a babbling child to a well-read scholar. There was simply no comparison between the two!
Luo Zheng was speechless. Fine, fine. I like to use these materials to practice my brush, okay?
So Luo Zheng replied, "I'm willing to buy your materials, not to amuse you. It's not like I don't want to pay you! Why don't you understand the principle of doing business? "
"I'm not selling, I'm not selling! I'm not selling it to you today! " Generally speaking, business was done in harmony. Who would drive a customer away? This old man seemed to be a person with a special character. He was actually determined not to sell to Luo Zheng. He returned to his seat and lowered his head to study the ancient jade in his hand.
This time, Luo Zheng really didn't know what to do. In such a big market, it seemed that this was the only big shop. Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, Qinglong's voice sounded again, "Luo Zheng, I have a way to make him sell it to you."
"What way?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Doesn't he have a piece of jade in his hand? It's a piece of ancient jade from the Phoenix Clan. The words recorded on it are the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan. I guess this old man definitely doesn't know these words and is still pondering over it. Tell him the meaning of these words and he will sell it, "Qinglong said.
"I don't know those words!" Luo Zheng said angrily.
Qinglong smiled and said, "You don't know, but I do."
The lifespan of the Dragon Clan was unimaginably long. Not to mention the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan, Qinglong didn't even know the words of the Hundred Clans of the Upper Realm.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng was suddenly happy. This time, he had learned to be smart. This old man didn't want to talk to him at all. So, Luo Zheng directly translated it according to Qinglong's translation, "With the fire of the heavenly stars, sacrifice to the land of the lotus leaves, burn ten thousand laws forever …"
The old man had been concentrating on studying the words on the jade. Even if Luo Zheng hadn't left his shop, he still wouldn't have bothered with Luo Zheng. The ancient jade in his hands had a very high collection value. This ancient jade of the Phoenix Clan was not cheap!
Besides the collection value of the jade itself, what was even more important was the words on it! The Ancient Phoenix Clan's ancient jade was passed down from the Ancient Phoenix Clan. If one could decipher the words within and obtain some lucky chance, that would be a great lucky chance!
But, wanting to decipher the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan was as difficult as ascending to the heavens. The old man had been studying the words on this ancient jade for a full year and a half. He had even compared it with some ancient texts, and finally managed to decipher several words!
As he heard Luo Zheng 'drop a book' in front of him, he frowned and was about to curse out loud. But, as he heard several words, his complexion suddenly changed. This was because the words that Luo Zheng had just spoken were the same as the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan that he had deciphered.
The old man was speechless. He could only stare at Luo Zheng's mouth with a shocked expression, listening intently.
But as Luo Zheng spoke halfway, he stopped … he only faintly smiled at the old man.
"This, this … Young Hero, can you finish translating the rest of the words?" The old man had already understood that the words on this ancient jade didn't contain any lucky chance. Listening to the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words, it seemed that this was a piece of jade that had been buried with the dead, and there were only words engraved on it.
Although the old man already understood that this Ancient Phoenix Jade didn't contain any lucky chance, he had still studied it for such a long time. In the end, he still wanted to understand the meaning of the words written on it. If he could completely translate them, then the value of this jade would greatly increase.
Luo Zheng chuckled, keeping the old man in suspense. He stepped out and walked away!
Now, the one who was worried wasn't Luo Zheng, but the old man!
Luo Zheng had only translated half of the words on the jade, and now he wanted to leave. How could the old man endure this? He hurriedly rushed out as well.
"This Young Hero, this Young Hero! If you have something to say, please sit down in my shop first … "The old man grabbed onto Luo Zheng's clothes as he spoke.
As the surrounding shop owners saw this, a strange expression appeared on their faces. They had been doing business in this city square all year round, so they were well aware of this old man's eccentric temperament. Relying on his status as a member of the World Business Alliance, this old man's eyes seemed to grow on top of his head. When had he ever been so polite to others? Why would he beg a young man like this?
Luo Zheng chose to leave. Naturally, he wasn't really leaving. Although the materials that Qinglong had listed could be purchased in Cloud Sea City, since they could be purchased in the Cloud Hall, why bother going through so much trouble? In the end, Luo Zheng returned to the old man's shop.
The old man eagerly brought over a rattan chair for Luo Zheng, brewed a pot of fragrant spirit tea, and served it to Luo Zheng. Then, he said eagerly, "This Young Hero, I was wrong just now. Please translate the second half of the words on the jade to me!"
The old man's current situation was like trying to solve a riddle. After more than a year of trying to solve it, Luo Zheng came to tell him the answer, but the result was only half of the riddle! This kind of feeling was the saddest. The old man's heart felt like a cat was clawing at him. It was better not to tell him a single word!
Luo Zheng calmly picked up the cup of spirit tea and took a sip. Then, he said, "I can tell you, but I have a condition."
"What condition?" The old man asked.
"Give me all the materials I listed at a 30% discount," Luo Zheng said with a mischievous smile.
A trace of hesitation appeared on the old man's face. The materials for drawing four-star runes weren't cheap, and he was only a Deacon of the World Business Alliance. He couldn't be considered the owner of this shop. If he sold them at a 30% discount, he might suffer a loss.

Chapter 406
Luo Zheng never thought that just because Qinglong helped him translate a passage from the Ancient Phoenix Clan, this matter would be perfectly resolved.
Not only did this old man's attitude take a 180-degree turn, but he even agreed to sell the materials to him at a 30% discount.
Since this old man was so sincere, Luo Zheng read out the second half of the passage from the jade stone. The old man earnestly listened, clearly wanting to remember every word.
After Luo Zheng finished reading, the old man's eyes lit up. He asked, "Young Hero, may I ask where you learned the language of the Ancient Phoenix Clan?"
According to what the old man knew, there had once been clansmen of the Ancient Phoenix Clan in this boundless universe. But, they had perished a long time ago. It was impossible to find any descendants of the Ancient Phoenix Clan, and even the language of the Ancient Phoenix Clan had been lost.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't tell the old man the truth. He only chuckled and said, "I can't tell you that. But, if you encounter any words or writings that you don't recognize and need to decipher, feel free to look for me. I should be able to translate them."
Hearing Luo Zheng say this, Qinglong wasn't happy. "Luo Zheng, I'm only helping you translate these few words. Moreover, although I understand many languages, it's impossible for me to cover all of them …"
At the same time, the old man's complexion changed.
If Luo Zheng had said these words before translating the ancient jade, the old man might have taken off his shoe and smacked Luo Zheng in the face. Just how many strange and bizarre words were there in this world? After some races left behind their own words, their entire race was destroyed. Who would be able to recognize their words?
Luo Zheng's boasting had reached the heavens!
But Luo Zheng had just easily translated the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan. The old man didn't dare to directly refute Luo Zheng. He guessed that Luo Zheng might be proficient in some special words and languages. Perhaps in the future, he would need to ask Luo Zheng for help. Thus, he didn't believe Luo Zheng's words. But, he still respectfully said, "Good, good. Are you a disciple of the Cloud Hall? Looking at your age, you should be a disciple of the Elite Hall. I don't know your name, but I'm afraid I'll have to trouble Young Hero with some matters in the future. "
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and told the old man his name. Then, he said, "Alright, take out those materials."
The old man nodded and then shouted towards the shop. Two shop assistants came out. The old man took the list of materials from Luo Zheng's hands and tossed it to the two shop assistants. "Go, prepare these materials for me." Then, he turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Since Young Hero Luo wishes to learn how to draw up runes, you'll naturally need a rune pen. I just happen to have several rune pens here. Although they aren't particularly good, they can still be considered top quality items. They're perfect for practicing how to draw up runes."
After saying that, the old man opened a drawer and took out a pen rack from the drawer. There were a few rune pens fixed on the rack.
These rune brushes all had different styles and materials. Some of them were made from jade, while others were made from beast bones. "If you're a beginner, I recommend this one," the old man said. "This rune brush is made from pieces of jade. When you draw runes, your soul power can seep into the tip of the brush through the gaps between the pieces of jade. Therefore, it's easier to use."
Hearing the old man's introduction, Luo Zheng was slightly moved. After all, he was a beginner. If he used a lighter rune pen, it would be easier for him to draw runes.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to make his decision, he heard Qinglong's voice in his mind, "Don't choose this one. Choose the one next to it."
Luo Zheng's eyes moved and fell on the rune pen next to it. It was a rune pen made of metal. Luo Zheng asked, "What do you think of this rune pen?"
"Young hero Luo, you really know how to choose. I don't recommend you to use this rune pen. This rune pen is made of mysterious red gold. It's three times heavier than ordinary rune pens. It's very strenuous to lift it up. Moreover, it's very difficult for your soul power to penetrate this metal. I don't recommend you to buy this rune pen." The old man said with a smile, "Only experienced rune masters would choose this rune pen."
Luo Zheng was somewhat hesitant. However, Qinglong immediately said, "The other purpose of letting you draw runes is to train your soul. What's the point of choosing that rune pen made of broken jade? Listen to me and buy this one! "
After all, Qinglong was his teacher in runes. Luo Zheng had no choice but to choose this metal rune pen.
Although the old man didn't approve of Luo Zheng using a rune pen made of metal, he wouldn't offend Luo Zheng verbally. He could only sigh inwardly at Luo Zheng for overestimating himself. Then, he took out the rune pen and handed it to Luo Zheng.
After receiving the rune pen from the old man, Luo Zheng immediately felt the weight in his hand. Although this weight was nothing to Luo Zheng, it still had a huge impact on drawing runes. After all, each rune was very precise. If he didn't hold the rune pen firmly, a single stroke would destroy a rune. Luo Zheng was a bit surprised. Although he didn't have a good grasp of the rune pen, the rune was still very heavy.
After a while, the two shop assistants sorted out the materials.
Due to the fact that these materials were extremely rare, they weren't particularly hard to find. After Luo Zheng counted the materials, he asked, "How much do these materials cost in total?"
The old man casually calculated and said to Luo Zheng, "A total of 800 mid-grade True Meta Stones. If I give you a 30% discount, it will be 560 mid-grade True Meta Stones."
"560 mid-grade True Meta Stones …" Although this price was still within the range Luo Zheng could afford, he couldn't help but sigh at how expensive it was.
Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the currency in the Central Domain. The most basic currency was low-grade True Meta Stones. The exchange rate between low-grade True Meta Stones and mid-grade True Meta Stones was one to one. However, the exchange rate between low-grade True Meta Stones and mid-grade True Meta Stones was 100 to 1.
In other words, 560 mid-grade True Meta Stones were worth about 56,000 square crystals.
"Can I pay with square crystals?" Luo Zheng asked. Before leaving the Eastern Domain, Luo Zheng had given a portion of the Sky Spill Essence to Zhang Wuxian. At the same time, he had taken out a lot of square crystals for backup.
"Square crystals?" The old man was slightly taken aback. He had guessed that Luo Zheng might be a disciple of a large family or even a descendant of an elder in the Cloud Hall. However, when he heard about square crystals, his previous guess was overturned. Square crystals were the currency of the Eastern Domain. In other words, Luo Zheng should have been born in a small place like the Eastern Domain.
It wasn't that the currency of such a small place couldn't be circulated, but it was often at a discount when exchanged for True Meta Stones. Therefore, the old man said, "Square crystals can also be accepted, but one square crystal can only be exchanged for half a low-grade True Meta Stone …"
Hearing the old man's words, Luo Zheng was immediately depressed. In other words, he would have to spend 110,000 square crystals to buy this batch of materials. This was too much.
The old man chuckled and said, "There's no other way. You can ask around. The currency of the Eastern Domain is indeed worthless in our Central Domain!"
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had a lot of square crystals in reserve. In the end, he didn't bicker with the old man. In his mind, he was thinking that the next time this old man asked him for help, he would take advantage of him!
After handing over 100,000 square crystals to the old man, Luo Zheng took the purchased materials and left the market.
As for the old man, he looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. He sighed in his heart. What a strange young man. However, this batch of materials was indeed going to be wasted. 100,000 low-grade True Meta Stones wasn't a small sum. Young people nowadays were really unpredictable …
After returning to his residence, Luo Zheng began to prepare to draw the divine runes.
These materials couldn't be used immediately. Drawing the divine runes was a technical job. Although Luo Zheng didn't know anything about it, he still had Qinglong as his master. According to Qinglong's instructions, Luo Zheng constantly processed the materials.
For example, the "Strong Kudzu" needed to be ground into a fine powder.
For another example, the "Cold Yin Grass" needed to be cut off from its roots, then crushed and mixed with another type of "Cloud Ash".
Just mixing the materials took a full hour. Moreover, there couldn't be any mistakes in the process. If there was a mistake, he could only throw away the materials and remix them.
After an hour, he finally finished mixing the materials.
Luo Zheng reached out and held the rune brush in his hand. Then, he took a deep breath. Although Qinglong was guiding him, Luo Zheng was still a little nervous as this was his first time drawing a "divine rune".
He raised the rune brush and closed his eyes to meditate for a while. A light yellow soul appeared between his eyebrows. However, it was different from using the "Frightening Spirit Spike". The Frightening Spirit Spike turned the soul into a spike to attack the opponent, so its speed was extremely fast and ruthless. This time, he had to draw the soul force into the tip of the brush and draw the divine rune! Naturally, the slower the better!

Chapter 407
The first divine rune that Qinglong taught him was called the Meditation Divine Rune. It corresponded to the meditation rune.
After this kind of rune was drawn, it was usually placed on a secret training room or even an incense burner. The effect of this rune would be stimulated, allowing one to quickly enter a state of meditation.
When a martial artist was cultivating, an alchemist was refining pills, or a blacksmith was refining tools, they needed to be extremely focused. The function of this meditation rune was to calm the mind and suppress the restlessness in one's heart.
According to Qinglong, this was the most basic one star divine rune. It wasn't difficult to draw it.
However, when Qinglong said that it wasn't difficult, he was probably referring to himself …
When Luo Zheng drew the first line on the paper, he saw that the line was a gray blur. It was as if the materials were mixed together and didn't have any effect on each other.
"Hehe, the first stroke is a failure," Qinglong laughed.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He didn't plan to succeed on the first stroke. According to the 《Divine Rune Outline》 that Qinglong had taught him, after pouring his soul force into the rune, he had to have an extremely fine perception. He had to distinguish the materials in the ink and arrange them according to a certain rule. What he drew wasn't a gray blur, but a line that bloomed with all kinds of light!
He changed to another piece of paper and held the rune pen in his hand for a long time. Although he could already "Soul Transformation" and had reached the "Selfless Realm", he wasn't good at fine perception.
After all, to use the "Soul-Shaking Thorn", he only needed to roughly stab the opponent's soul. There weren't too many requirements for fine perception. Luo Zheng also didn't have any practice in this area.
After brewing for a long time, Luo Zheng once again drew the rune. When the rune touched the paper, a green light bloomed from the tip of the pen!
"It's done!"
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with excitement. Just as the tip of the brush moved less than an inch, the cyan light disappeared in an instant. The first half of the stroke was still blooming with cyan light, but the second half was gray and muddy.
"Hehe …"
As expected, Qinglong mercilessly mocked him in his mind.
Luo Zheng was depressed. He said to Qinglong, "Why don't you give it a try?"
"You want me to inscribe a one star divine inscription? Heh … "A look of disdain appeared on Qinglong's face. Obviously, asking Qinglong to inscribe a One Star Divine Inscription was a huge insult to him.
In fact, what this Azure Dragon was most proud of was not his strength. Among the nine True Dragons on the mysterious cauldron, his strength was ranked last. What he was most proficient in was drawing divine runes! Even the Great Thousand Treasure Formation that protected the Dragon Clan was set up by this Qinglong!
A 1-star Divine Inscription, this was equivalent to asking a top-notch chef to cook a bowl of porridge. This was simply an insult to him.
However, since Qinglong had promised to teach Luo Zheng how to draw divine runes, he would definitely do the necessary demonstration.
Qinglong didn't have a body, but he could release his soul force. Qinglong said, "Raise your rune pen!"
After Luo Zheng raised his rune pen, an extremely small soul force drilled out! This was only a small clone of Qinglong's enormous soul force. It looked like a miniature Qinglong. This tiny Qinglong instantly entered Luo Zheng's rune pen. Then, Luo Zheng heard Qinglong say, "Okay, you can start drawing now!"
Luo Zheng held his rune pen and lightly drew on the paper. A dazzling green line appeared on the paper. This line was full and smooth, as if it had brought out the characteristics of the material to the extreme.
After drawing a line, Luo Zheng stopped and stared blankly at the dazzling green line without saying a word.
"Hehe, kid, how is it?" Qinglong smiled faintly in Luo Zheng's mind.
"So strong …" Luo Zheng sighed.
"Of course, but you don't need to be anxious. Actually, I didn't tell you that you already grasped the trick of drawing on the second stroke. Some runemasters with less talent would need several months, or even half a year of practice to be able to do it."
Qinglong ridiculed Luo Zheng, but he was actually surprised by Luo Zheng's speed. It was as if drawing divine runes was an innate ability of his!
"Half a year's time?" Because the difference between Qinglong's lines and his own was too great, Luo Zheng was somewhat depressed. Hearing this, it seemed that he wasn't bad. Humans were like this. The more they were good at something, the more interested they would be in it.
Luo Zheng's mouth curved into a smile. He reached out and changed the paper. Then, the rune pen in his hand landed on the paper again!
"Soul Subtlety, the most detailed perception of the materials!"
"There are a total of four materials used to make this ink. Among them, 'Strong Kudzu' is the thicker one, while 'Cold Yin Grass' is the more delicate one. When drawing, the 'Cold Yin Grass' must be deposited in the lowest layer as the foundation. Only in this way can the 'Strong Kudzu' be fully utilized …"
"Strong Kudzu itself is green. Just now, the light that Qinglong drew was also green. This divine rune should be based on the 'Strong Kudzu'. The primary and secondary materials should be clearly distinguished …"
"Draw!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul had already poured into the tip of the pen. The moment the pen touched the paper, an extremely strong green light suddenly burst out!
"This light …" Qinglong was also stunned, but he quickly regained his composure. A meaningful expression flashed across his face. "I still underestimated this kid, hehe …"
Just now, Luo Zheng had almost fully utilized the characteristics of all the materials mixed in the ink!
Among rune masters, if someone could fully utilize the characteristics of the materials, they would be called "Perfect Brush Stroke"!
With Azure Dragon's strength, it was a simple matter for him to draw out a 'perfect stroke' of a one star divine imprint. But this was only the third stroke of Luo Zheng's life, and he was already able to draw out a 'perfect stroke'. Azure Dragon didn't know what to say.
He could only say that this kid was born to draw divine runes.
In Qinglong's eyes, this was already very amazing. If the rune masters in the Central Domain knew about this, they would probably faint.
After all, the people and levels Qinglong came into contact with far exceeded the world where Luo Zheng came from. There was no possibility of comparing the two. Even if Luo Zheng could display a "Perfect Brush Stroke" on his third stroke, Qinglong could accept it.
However, for the rune masters in the Central Domain, a "Perfect Brush Stroke" was something similar to a "Perfect Sword Intent". It was something that could only be discovered by chance. Many rune masters had been drawing runes for decades and still hadn't been able to draw a "Perfect Brush Stroke". At most, they could only release 70 to 80 percent of the power of the materials. Those who could release 90 percent of the power were basically masters.
However, Luo Zheng had only drawn a "Perfect Brush Stroke" on his third stroke. What did this mean?
It meant that a martial artist could comprehend a "Perfect Sword Intent" on his third stroke of the sword. In the eyes of the rune masters in the Central Domain, this could only be inconceivable. It was simply unimaginable.
The most important thing in drawing a rune was the ability to control the materials in the ink. Luo Zheng had achieved the first step, so the following steps weren't too difficult. He only needed to pay attention to the points where the strokes intersected and so on.
The lines of the one-star divine rune weren't complicated. According to Qinglong's instructions, lines of flickering cyan light appeared on the paper, continuously extending and connecting.
After a while, the divine rune formed by twenty-four lines suddenly appeared on the paper. As Luo Zheng connected the last stroke with the first line, the cyan light on the lines gradually dimmed.
"Done!" Luo Zheng looked at the divine rune formed by the sharp lines with an excited expression on his face.
Qinglong silently looked at Luo Zheng's work. It was a one-star meditation divine rune.
Although it was only a one-star divine rune, because Luo Zheng had activated the "Perfect Brush Stroke" and brought out all the properties of the materials in the ink, this divine rune should be comparable to a two-star meditation divine rune.
After a long time, Qinglong said, "Very good. Even if I were to draw a one-star meditation divine rune, I'm afraid it would only be slightly better than yours …"
Strictly speaking, since Luo Zheng had already achieved the "Perfect Brush Stroke", Qinglong had also achieved the "Perfect Brush Stroke". The effects of the one-star meditation divine runes drawn by the two of them were actually the same. In fact, Qinglong said this to save face. After all, he had just mocked Luo Zheng.
Qinglong would only be able to gain an advantage if he were to draw a higher-level divine rune. After all, as the star level of the divine rune increased, for example, a three-star or four-star divine rune would require more and more materials and become more and more complex. The difficulty of perfectly mixing these materials together would increase exponentially. It would be even more difficult to display the "Perfect Brush Stroke". With Luo Zheng's current soul power, he still couldn't do it.
"How do I use this divine rune meditation rune?" Luo Zheng asked as he reached out and picked up the divine rune.
Qinglong said, "Normally, runes are used in conjunction with an illusion array. However, you don't need to set up an illusion array right now. You can use your own Zhen Yuan to activate it."
In the Eastern Domain, an illusion array master was also a rune master. For example, Hei Ming, a disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak, whom Luo Zheng had once fought against, was also an illusion array master. However, his runes were drawn on array flags and were activated through the illusion array disk in his hand. Moreover, the energy consumed by the illusion array generally came from square crystals. In the Central Domain, the energy consumed came from Zhen Yuan stones.
Luo Zheng nodded and pasted the divine rune on the wall. Then, he drew out a part of his Zhen Yuan and poured it into the rune.
The moment Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan poured in, the meditation divine rune suddenly emitted a blue radiance. Under the illumination of this radiance, Luo Zheng suddenly felt refreshed. It was as if he had just woken up. He crawled out of bed with sleepy eyes and suddenly pulled open the curtains of his bedroom. What greeted him was a scene full of vitality and vitality. All of his fatigue disappeared in an instant!
"The effect of this one-star meditation divine rune is really outstanding. However, I don't know how much it can be sold for." Luo Zheng calculated in his heart.
Luo Zheng, who had originally thought that he was a millionaire, discovered that the hundreds of thousands of square crystals in his hands were simply useless. A single top-grade Zhen Yuan stone was enough for Luo Zheng to struggle for a long time. Tomorrow, he could take this divine rune and ask for a price.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 408
After drawing the first meditation rune, Luo Zheng didn't stop.
He had bought these materials to practice, so he had prepared a total of ten sets.
Since there were so many materials left, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let them go to waste. Holding the rune brush, he started to draw the next meditation rune.
Even runemasters couldn't draw runes all the time. This was because during the process of drawing runes, their soul force was constantly being consumed. When soul force was consumed to a certain extent, they would feel tired, sleepy, and have difficulty concentrating.
With Luo Zheng's current soul force, drawing seven or eight runes was already his limit. When he barely managed to draw the eighth rune and was preparing to draw the ninth rune, he suddenly felt a burst of discomfort. It was as if his head was about to explode, and he couldn't concentrate. At the same time, his rune brush lightly drew, but he made a mistake.
When drawing runes, one couldn't be the slightest bit careless. As long as there was the slightest mistake, the entire rune would be wasted.
"This is your first time drawing runes, so you mustn't consume too much soul force. If your soul is damaged, the gains won't make up for the losses." Following Qinglong's voice, a cold feeling seeped into Luo Zheng's mind, making him feel a lot better.
Because he had swallowed the flood dragon's soul and flood dragon's blood, Qinglong had become a lot more active during this time. He indeed had some power that could help Luo Zheng.
Hearing Qinglong's warning, Luo Zheng's heart trembled. He also felt that he had been too impatient. Everything couldn't be done overnight, so he would stop here for today.
For the rest of the time, Luo Zheng continued to concentrate on cultivating. Apart from studying runes, he also had to face the disciples of the Elite Hall as usual.
Challenging the Elite Hall had become Luo Zheng's daily routine. In any case, early in the morning, Luo Zheng's body would be involuntarily controlled by Daoist Dameng and thrown into the gray building to spar with the numerous Elite Hall disciples.
In order to defeat the disciples of the Hall of Elites, Luo Zheng had resorted to all sorts of methods. In the beginning, Luo Zheng had relied on his powerful physical body and the strength of his dragon scales to deal with them. However, as more and more people challenged Luo Zheng, they began to target Luo Zheng and suppress him. In the end, Luo Zheng had no choice but to use the Soulshock Stab and even send out the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye …
Many disciples of the Elite Hall were also surprised to find that Luo Zheng was as tenacious as a cockroach. Every time a disciple went to battle, their strength would be stronger than the previous one. However, Luo Zheng always had a way to defeat them.
The last disciple of the Elite Hall to fight today was called Mu Ran. He was in the sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. Although Mu Ran wasn't considered particularly strong in the sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm, the difference between each stage of the Divine Reflection Realm was still very large. In the end, Mu Ran still lost to Luo Zheng.
After dealing with the three battles of the day, Luo Zheng floated away and hurried towards the market of the Cloud Hall.
Yesterday, he had spent a large sum of money to buy the materials and draw the divine imprint. Today, he wanted to go to the market to find out whether or not this divine imprint could be sold for money.
On the way to the market, Luo Zheng was still somewhat nervous. After all, these meditation divine imprints were purely Luo Zheng's work for practice. However, Luo Zheng had helped that old man from the World Business Alliance so greatly yesterday. Even if these divine imprints couldn't be sold for a good price, he probably wouldn't be chased out again, right?
In the Ice Palace, Xiao Die was somewhat dissatisfied at this moment. She was frowning slightly as she stared at Luo Zheng, who was in the letter tablet.
"Why is he learning how to draw divine imprints all of a sudden? He doesn't even have enough time to cultivate. Why is he putting so much effort into this? " Xiao Die was extremely dissatisfied. The reason she was training Luo Zheng was because she had a plan in mind. However, Luo Zheng's current cultivation was too low, so low that it was completely unbearable. Therefore, she had used the disciples of the Elite Hall to train Luo Zheng in turns.
He didn't even have time to cultivate and was actually wasting his efforts on the art of runes. In Xiao Die's view, Luo Zheng was purely wasting his time.
After all, the art of runes was too broad and profound. Many rune masters and illusionary array masters had to spend their entire lives to achieve some success. Luo Zheng also didn't have any foundation in runes before. How could it be easy for him to learn how to draw divine imprints on the spur of the moment?
Daoist Master Dameng smiled and said, "Hall Master, it's understandable for young people to try new things. If he encounters difficulties in the art of runes, he will naturally retreat. There's nothing to worry about."
"No," Xiao Die raised her slender eyebrows. "There's not much time left. Luo Zheng must step into the Divine Reflection Realm. As for learning the art of runes … I think it's better for him to forget about it!"
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Daoist Master Dameng sighed in his stomach. Shouldn't the Hall Master be most worried about him? The Hall Master's 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》 had already reached the last layer. Quickly improving her cultivation was the right thing to do. No matter how talented Luo Zheng was, he was still just a junior …
However, although Daoist Master Dameng thought this, he didn't dare to say it out loud. The Hall Master's stubborn temper was well known in the entire Cloud Hall. It would be extremely difficult to change her mind.
After Xiao Die finished speaking, she burned a Sound Transmitting Talisman. "Zong Rui, come here!"
Zong Rui? Daoist Master Dameng stared blankly and asked with a strange expression, "Hall Master, why did you call Zong Rui here? Could it be that you want him to teach Luo Zheng rune arts?"
Zong Rui was the strongest rune master in the Cloud Hall. This time, Xiao Die had given the sect-protecting formation she had obtained in the Trial Taker's Road to Zong Rui to study. How complicated was the sect-protecting formation of a sixth-rank sect? It would probably take a lot of manpower and resources to set up this sect-protecting formation. However, thinking about the might of a sixth-rank sect's sect-protecting formation, if it could really be set up, the Cloud Hall would probably be able to withstand the attack of any force in the Central Domain!
From this point of view, it would be worthwhile to spend a lot of effort to set up this sect-protecting formation.
Therefore, during this period of time, Zong Rui didn't step out of his room. He spent day and night studying the sect-protecting formation.
At this time, hearing the Hall Master's summons, Zong Rui immediately turned into a stream of light and quickly arrived at the Ice Palace. He bowed to Xiao Die and said, "Subordinate greets the Hall Master!"
Xiao Die nodded slightly and then asked, "Zong Rui, how is the research on the sect-protecting formation going?"
"Replying to the Hall Master, I'm currently evaluating the cost of the sect-protecting formation and the materials needed. However, I'm afraid it will take some time before I can complete the calculations," Zong Rui said.
"Mm, I still have something I need your help with today," Xiao Die said.
Daoist Big Dream looked at the Hall Master with a puzzled expression. Did the Hall Master really intend to let Zong Rui teach Luo Zheng rune techniques? Just as he was thinking this, he heard Xiao Die say, "There's a little guy who overestimates himself and wants to learn rune techniques. Go and give him a blow. It's best if you destroy his confidence and make him give up."
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Daoist Big Dream almost fell to the ground. He didn't expect Xiao Die to specially call Zong Rui over for this kind of thing. This was too …
Alright, she's the Hall Master. As subordinates, we have to follow her orders, Daoist Big Dream thought helplessly.
On the contrary, when Zong Rui heard this, a trace of interest appeared on his face. "Who is this little guy the Hall Master is talking about? How many star runes can he draw? "
"You've most likely heard of this person. His name is Luo Zheng. As for rune techniques, he should have just started learning them," Xiao Die said with pursed lips.
Zong Rui laughed mischievously. "So it's that disciple who claimed to have challenged the entire Elite Hall! This subordinate understands. I promise to destroy this little guy's confidence and make him never touch runes in his life! "
"Mm, he's currently on his way to the market square. You can go there now." Xiao Die nodded. Zong Rui's rune techniques were unquestionable. Otherwise, Xiao Die wouldn't have given him the Sect Protecting Array.
After receiving Xiao Die's order, Zong Rui flew out of the Ice Palace in a straight line towards the market square. Along the way, Zong Rui was thinking about how to complete the task the Hall Master had given him. With Zong Rui's attainments in rune techniques, it was too easy to destroy a beginner apprentice's confidence. He was even confident that with one sentence, he could make Luo Zheng never touch runes in his life.
After a while, Zong Rui arrived at the market square. At this time, Luo Zheng happened to reach the end of the market square and entered the World Business Alliance's shop.
"Xiantian fourth stage, it should be him." Zong Rui nodded. In the entire Elite Hall, there were only a few Xiantian life forms, and only Luo Zheng was at Xiantian fourth stage. Thinking of this, Zong Rui also walked towards the shop.
In this World Business Alliance's shop, the old man was holding an ink brush and writing the words on the ancient jade! He had firmly memorized the ancient text of the God race that had been deciphered by Luo Zheng and was writing it down word by word.
At this time, Luo Zheng's sudden visit surprised the old man, but he was still very polite. "Young hero Luo! I wonder what business do you have with me today? Do you need to buy some materials? "
If Luo Zheng really wanted to learn rune techniques, then yesterday's materials should be enough to support Luo Zheng for some time.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, a voice suddenly came from outside the door. "Old man Shang, long time no see. How's your business recently?"
The old man of the World Business Alliance was called Shang Lei. Because he had been doing business in the Cloud Hall market square all year round, and Zong Rui was the most famous rune master in the Cloud Hall, so he often visited here. Therefore, both of them were quite familiar with each other.
Hearing that it was Zong Rui, a smile appeared on Shang Lei's face. In fact, this old man's temper wasn't bad to everyone, otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to reach the position of the manager of the World Business Alliance. Shang Lei would never offend a customer like Zong Rui.
"Business is very slow, but I was hoping that you would patronize us more often." Shang Lei smiled and quickly called someone to make tea.
Zong Rui entered the door and his eyes fell on Luo Zheng. He smiled and said: "This is …"

Chapter 409
Luo Zheng had learned the Godly Glyphs from the Upper Realm from Qinglong. How could the Rune Glyphs of the Central Domain enter his eyes?
However, according to Old Shang, the person in front of him was actually the top Rune Master of the Cloud Hall. Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't neglect him. He still respectfully bowed to Zong Rui and said, "I am just a beginner in the Rune Glyphs. I am just testing the waters. I'm afraid I can't be considered asking for advice. If there are any difficulties in the future, I hope you can give me some pointers."
Zong Rui smiled but didn't answer. Instead, he narrowed his eyes and looked at Luo Zheng. Zong Rui was very proud of his attainments in the Rune Glyphs. Moreover, he was here today on Little Butterfly's order to suppress Luo Zheng. How could he give pointers to Luo Zheng?
However, Zong Rui still asked, "Since you are just a beginner in the Rune Glyphs, can I see what works you have?"
Luo Zheng nodded. He had originally planned to use the meditation rune he drew yesterday to evaluate it. Although it was a beginner's work, he still wanted to see if it was worth some money. It would be best if he could get back the money he spent on the materials. Therefore, Luo Zheng said to Shang Lei, "Yesterday, I bought some materials back to try it out. These two Godly … no, Rune Glyphs, please evaluate their value."
Luo Zheng didn't draw runes, but Godly Glyphs. He almost made a slip of the tongue.
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, Zong Rui and Shang Lei's faces showed incomparable astonishment. What did he mean? He bought the materials yesterday, and today he made the Rune Glyphs and brought them here to be evaluated?
In particular, Shang Lei was the most puzzled. Yesterday, he knew that Luo Zheng was just a beginner, and he hadn't even entered the Rune Glyphs yet. The materials he bought were mostly wasted. Yesterday, he even felt sorry for the materials. It was really a waste to use such precious materials to try out his Rune Glyphs!
Any Rune Master grew up in constant "waste". Therefore, cultivating a Rune Master was even more expensive than cultivating a martial artist. Ordinary families couldn't afford to cultivate them. Moreover, Luo Zheng used materials to draw a Four-Star Rune Glyphs to try out his Rune Glyphs. This wasn't an ordinary waste.
Therefore, when Shang Lei saw Luo Zheng today, he asked Luo Zheng if he still wanted to buy materials. In the end, Luo Zheng said he was using the Rune Glyphs.
What did Luo Zheng think Glyphs? Did he think that he could get a Rune Glyphs? This wasn't a child's!
Shang Lei chuckled but did not point it out. Instead, he repeated his words meaningfully, "Young Hero Luo, you learned how to draw runes for the first time yesterday, and you succeeded today? Glyphs, Glyphs, I. Glyphs and Glyphs. Glyphs Glyphs
Glyphs. Glyphs... of Luo Zheng. Glyphs... Glyphs. Glyphs..... this guy 'Glyphs............ Glyphs... Gly' t' ''s Glyphs Glyphs.. Glyphs....... Glyphs... This guy probably didn't even know what a Rune Glyphs were.
"Hehe. I'm also interested to see what Young Hero Luo's Rune Glyphs are worth." Zong Rui smiled ambiguously. The mission given to him by the Hall Master was too simple. Glyphs Glyphs Glyphs. Glyphs Glyphs Glyphs.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he took out the Meditation Rune Glyphs from his Sumeru Ring and said, "I've made a fool of myself. I've only drawn a One-Star Rune Glyphs. Please take a look."
Then, Luo Zheng placed the Meditation Rune Glyphs on the table.
Shang Lei and Zong Rui stared at the Meditation Rune Glyphs. The smiles on their faces became even wider. What the f * ck was this?
Although Runes and Divine Glyphs were the same thing, Divine Glyphs had been passed down through tens of thousands of generations. The complexity of the Rune Glyphs far exceeded the imagination of the Rune Glyphs in the Central Domain. Therefore, when the two of them looked at it, they only felt that the lines on this Rune Glyphs were bizarre and not systematic.
Shang Lei hadn't said anything yet, but Zong Rui spoke first. After all, he had the mission of destroying Luo Zheng's confidence. According to the Hall Master's request, he had to stop Luo Zheng from practicing Rune Glyphs. However, in Zong Rui's opinion, it didn't matter whether he destroyed Luo Zheng's confidence or not. Luo Zheng didn't understand what Runes Glyphs were. He thought that he could produce results just by casually drawing with a brush.
"Young man, Runes Glyphs. To put it bluntly, Runes Glyphs are small formations. They need to rely on the lines within them to establish connections between each other. Only then can they display the effects they should have. A One-Star Meditation Rune Glyphs are easy to draw, but it's definitely not the Rune Glyphs you have. I think … you shouldn't take this path. Rune Glyphs aren't something a person like you can learn!" Zong Rui faintly said, a thick sneer on his face. At this moment, he had even forgotten Xiao Die's advice. He truly felt that Luo Zheng didn't have this talent.
Hearing Zong Rui's words, Luo Zheng felt a bit bewildered. He didn't seem to be familiar with Zong Rui. What did the Rune Glyphs he drew have to do with Zong Rui? Although it was strange, Luo Zheng suppressed the unhappiness in his heart. He turned to Shang Lei and said, "Boss Shang, please evaluate the value of this Meditation Rune Glyphs."
Shang Lei waved his hand and said, "Since Mister Zong has spoken, do you think I still need to evaluate it?" In truth, Shang Lei sneered in his heart. What bullshit evaluation value was this? If it weren't for the fact that you helped me translate the Ancient Phoenix Clan's language yesterday, then I would have already driven you out.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was suddenly at a loss. Was the Rune Glyphs he drew up really so worthless?
"Qinglong, Qinglong! You aren't lying to me, right? "Luo Zheng mentally communicated with Qinglong.
At this time, Qinglong was paying attention to everything that was happening outside. He had taught Luo Zheng the Divine Rune Glyphs, so Luo Zheng could be considered half his disciple. Not only that, but even he recognized Luo Zheng's talent in the Divine Rune Glyphs. A 'perfect stroke' was not something that just anyone could casually possess.
Shang Lei and Zong Rui's words were a great insult to Qinglong. Thus, Qinglong sneered and said, "Ignore them and go to hell! These two old fogies don't even know shit, just listen to their nonsense! "This old dragon that had lived for an unknown number of years couldn't help but curse.
"Then what do we do?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Let's go! These two old fogies don't even know what's good for them, so why bother with them? "Qinglong angrily said.
Although Qinglong told him to leave, Luo Zheng didn't. He was well aware of Qinglong's supernatural powers. Although he also believed that this Divine Rune Glyphs had some value, before he could speak, Zong Rui meaningfully said, "It's best if you throw away this Divine Rune Glyphs. You'll still have a bright future if you concentrate on cultivating martial arts. Young man, my words are for your own good!"
"You haven't activated this Divine Rune Glyphs, so how can you tell whether it's good or bad?" Luo Zheng coldly said.
Shang Lei and Zong Rui looked at each other and then laughed.
The Divine Rune Glyphs in the Central Domain had been passed down for thousands of years. They were divided into the Southern Sect and the Northern Sect. As a Rune Master of the Cloud Hall, Zong Rui was proficient in both the Southern Sect's delicate and delicate Rune Glyphs, as well as the Northern Sect's bold and flamboyant Rune Glyphs. The Ghostly Peach Glyphs in Luo Zheng's hands didn't belong to either the Southern Sect or the Northern Sect. He had never seen this Divine Rune Glyphs before. Therefore, Zong Rui said, "There's no need for that. Young man, do you think you can activate it by just drawing a pattern with a rune pen? Your Divine Rune Glyphs … can't be activated at all. "
Hearing Zong Rui's words, Luo Zheng let out a deep breath. Sure enough … as Qinglong had guessed, these two idiots couldn't understand Divine Runes at all. It seemed that it wasn't that his Divine Rune Glyphs weren't good, but that they didn't understand it at all.
Since he understood this point, Luo Zheng didn't want to waste his breath on them. Instead, he waved his hand and sent a strand of Zhen Yuan into the Divine Rune Glyphs.
As he poured his Zhen Yuan into the meditative rune, the meditative rune suddenly lit up. The runes on the rune shone with a greenish grey light. This was the sign that the 'Violent Kudzu' had been completely activated. At the same time, a formless energy wave was released from the meditative rune and rushed towards the three of them.
Under this green light, the three of them immediately felt refreshed, as if they had just walked out of a place with stifling air and entered an open environment. Their spirits were immediately lifted!
From the moment the Divine Rune Glyphs lit up, Zong Rui's eyes were filled with astonishment!
Of course, Shang Lei was also shocked. However, Shang Lei only knew how to appraise the value of Divine Runes. He wasn't a Rune Master, but a Merchant.
Zong Rui was a genuine Rune Master. In the entire Central Domain, there weren't many people who were more accomplished than him in the Dao of Runes!

Chapter 410
Zong Rui could not be blamed for being so surprised.
In Qinglong's eyes, "Perfect Stroke" was not a big deal. The Upper Realm was too big, and there were many geniuses from various races and forces.
In order to become an outstanding Divine Rune Master, having a perfect brush stroke was a necessary ability.
However, Luo Zheng grasped Perfect Stroke in one day, which still shocked Qinglong. Because of this, Qinglong scolded Zong Rui and Shang Lei as idiots because they were not qualified to evaluate runes.
Qinglong felt that "Perfect Stroke" was not a big deal, but it did not mean that Zong Rui felt the same way.
Zong Rui also did not grasp "Perfect Stroke". Not only did he not grasp it, but none of the Rune Masters in the entire Central Domain had grasped it!
"Perfect Stroke" had indeed appeared in the history of the Central Domain before, but not now. Two thousand years ago, a Rune Master named Feng Guanyu had comprehended "Perfect Stroke". He could completely activate the characteristics and energy of the materials during the process of drawing runes! Therefore, Feng Guanyu had another nickname, "Rune Master"!
Even now, many of Feng Guanyu's works were still preserved by the world. Among them, the most famous work was naturally the Sect-Protecting Array of the only fifth-grade Sect in the Central Domain, the Void Spirit Sect! That Sect-Protecting Array was Feng Guanyu's most perfect work! It was also because of this Sect-Protecting Array that the Void Spirit Sect had survived countless disasters. It grew from a small third-grade Sect to the strongest and only fifth-grade Sect in the Central Domain.
Although the reason why the Void Spirit Sect was able to become a rank 5 sect was because of the large number of geniuses in their sect, the sect protecting formation was also a factor that couldn't be ignored. At the very least, it protected the Void Spirit Sect from calamities many times.
Feng Guanyu had drawn many runes when he was alive. Naturally, this Sect-Protecting Array was not the only one that had been passed down. There were also many scattered runes. Most of the runes had lost their original effects and could not be activated. But even so, because these runes came from Feng Guanyu's hands, many people collected them as treasures. These works were repeatedly sold at sky-high prices in the black market and auctions!
Zong Rui had once been fortunate enough to witness a "perfect brush stroke". That was when the Temple Master brought him to visit the Void Spirit Sect. The Void Spirit Sect intentionally showed off and activated a small portion of their Sect Protecting Formation. At that time, Feng Guanyu's "perfect brush stroke" had deeply shocked Zong Rui. Even now, when he thought about it, Zong Rui did not even feel envious. He could only revere and worship people who possessed "perfect brush stroke".
Therefore, when Zong Rui saw the "Perfect Brush Stroke", he had already forgotten that it was Luo Zheng who drew it. He was just shocked by the "Perfect Brush Stroke" itself!
Shang Lei didn't know what to say at this moment. His perspective was different from Zong Rui's. As a businessman, how could Shang Lei not have heard of the "perfect stroke"? Although he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he was very clear about the value of Feng Guanyu's runes that had lost their effect.
Of course, Feng Guanyu's runes had such a high collection value because of his fame. However, the "perfect stroke" itself was a selling point, not to mention that this rune could be activated!
"Hu … …"
Zong Rui's figure flashed, and he asked excitedly, "This, who drew this meditation rune? Can you tell me? "
Seeing Zong Rui's attitude, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. This was the strongest rune master in the Cloud Hall? I think he was a fake, right? Luo Zheng said calmly, "Can you let me go? Let me go first! "
"Sorry, sorry," Zong Rui quickly released his hand. He also knew that he had lost his composure, but at this time, he really couldn't care about anything else. "Can you tell me who drew this meditation rune?"
Luo Zheng curled his lips and said, "Didn't I just say it? Don't you have ears? "
"Who?" Zong Rui and Shang Lei asked in unison.
Luo Zheng felt that he was going crazy. The meaning of his words couldn't be clearer. Even an idiot would understand that he was talking about himself. However, these two guys were even more idiotic than idiots. Therefore, Luo Zheng could only sigh. "This meditation rune was drawn by me!"
The two stared at Luo Zheng and shook their heads at almost the same time. "I don't believe it!"
"Believe it or not, Boss Shang. Help me evaluate the value of this meditation rune!" Luo Zheng was too lazy to argue with Zong Rui here. He had no obligation to satisfy Zong Rui's curiosity.
Shang Lei squinted his eyes and nodded. He was a businessman after all. He woke up earlier than Zong Rui. After all, Shang Lei was here to do business. Even if he knew that this was a "perfect stroke," he only cared about the value.
"Evaluate? This meditation rune can't be sold! "Zong Rui crazily blocked in front of them.
Hearing this, Shang Lei and Luo Zheng immediately became unhappy. Shang Lei and Zong Rui were familiar with each other, but business was business. These were two different things!
Luo Zheng came here to sell these meditation runes. Naturally, he couldn't listen to Zong Rui's words.
"If you want to sell it, you can only sell it to me!" Zong Rui added.
This time, Luo Zheng shrugged, indicating that it didn't matter who he sold it to. However, Shang Lei definitely wouldn't accept it. "Zong Rui, aren't you being unkind? Luo Zheng came to my shop to sell these runes to me. You broke into my shop and stole my business?
"So what if I stole it? This is my Cloud Hall's territory. Can't I, Zong Rui, come here? " Zong Rui was a runemaster of the Cloud Hall. Although he was only in the middle stage of the Divine Core realm, his status was still very high. He was only slightly lower than Elder Zhuo, Daoist Master Dameng, and Zen Master Nine Abstinences.
Shang Lei didn't want to give in at all. "Your Cloud Hall's territory? What an interesting way to put it! This shop in the market square was built in cooperation with our World Business Alliance. Do you dare to say that this is your Cloud Hall's territory in front of our World Business Alliance leader? If you dare to say it, I will immediately leave without saying anything! "
Hearing the two quarreling, Luo Zheng became impatient. After all this time, he still couldn't sell these meditation runes! Luo Zheng said, "Alright, stop quarreling. This thing is mine. I can sell it to whoever I want! I will sell it to whoever offers the highest price. This way, the problem will be solved, right? "
The two stared blankly. Only now did they realize that the problem wasn't the meditation runes, but Luo Zheng himself.
"Offer? Good idea! "Shang Lei chuckled. As a member of the World Business Alliance, his confidence was naturally much higher than Zong Rui's.
Zong Rui clenched his teeth and asked Luo Zheng, "How much do you want to sell it for? I will buy it no matter how much it costs! "
Hearing the two say this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile. This was the right situation. This was the situation he wanted to see. Luo Zheng thought for a moment and then said, "According to the materials I bought yesterday, this meditation rune cost about 10,000 low-grade true essence stones. I will set it at 20,000 low-grade true essence stones!"
"What?" Luo Zheng's starting price clearly stunned Zong Rui and Shang Lei.
20,000 low-grade true essence stones …
Even an ordinary rune would cost more than this. What was this Luo Zheng thinking?
"500,000 low-grade true essence stones." Shang Lei calmed down at this time. His eyes flashed with a shrewd light. In terms of runes, he was far inferior to Zong Rui, but in terms of business, Zong Rui wasn't even worthy of carrying his shoes.
However, Zong Rui, who wasn't even worthy of carrying Shang Lei's shoes, had an ominous glint in his eyes. He shouted, "1,000,000 low-grade true essence stones! I will use one top-grade true essence stone to settle! "
A top-grade true essence stone was equal to 1,000,000 low-grade true essence stones. Zong Rui instantly doubled Shang Lei's price.
"Two top-grade true essence stones." Shang Lei wasn't willing to be outdone. He doubled the price again.
"Four!" Zong Rui didn't hesitate and doubled the price.
At this time, Luo Zheng was a bit dizzy. A top-grade true essence stone was equivalent to 1,000,000 square crystal stones! Four was equivalent to 4,000,000 square crystal stones! He didn't think that drawing a rune would be so expensive! How could this meditation rune be worth so much money?
In truth, Luo Zheng's meditation rune rune couldn't be sold for so much money. After all, this meditation rune had limited functions. However, what Shang Lei and Zong Rui were interested in was not the function of this meditation rune, but the 'perfect brush strokes' used to draw this rune!
Just because of these 'perfect brush strokes', this rune was worth so much!
"Five, five …" This time, Shang Lei was somewhat hesitant. Since he was a merchant, he naturally understood the logic of doing business. Although this meditative divine imprint was drawn using the 'Perfect Brush Strokes', its true value would still be reflected in the transaction. If the price was too high, he was afraid that he would suffer a loss.
The ruthlessness in Zong Rui's eyes didn't diminish in the slightest. He sneered, "Ten! I'll give you ten top-grade true essence stones! "
At this time, he had already tossed the matter that Xiao Die had instructed him to the highest heavens …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 411
As a runemaster, Zong Rui could be considered very wealthy. Whether it was a runemaster or a refiner, it was expensive to cultivate them in the early stages. However, once they were cultivated, they would become a money-making machine. Therefore, he could take out 10 top-grade True Essence Stones.
Although Shang Lei could use a lot more wealth than Zong Rui, the meditation rune was not originally used for battle. It was used to "focus" a warrior's mind during cultivation, and its value was not particularly high.
The biggest problem was that Shang Lei did not know where Luo Zheng had obtained this rune.
How could the runes of "Rune Child" Feng Guanyu, who had lost their effect, be auctioned off at a sky-high price? Because it was Feng Guanyu's last stroke! Since Feng Guanyu's death, no one in the Central Domain could have a perfect brush stroke. Therefore, even if Feng Guanyu's runes had lost their effect, they could still be sold at sky-high prices. They had a great collection value.
If this rune could still be activated, then the person who had drawn it must still be alive in this world. In the future, this person's work would slowly circulate, and it would not have such a great collection value. Because of this person's existence, even the value of the runes left by Feng Guanyu would be greatly reduced. The price would probably plummet.
Unless the person who had drawn this rune died and this meditation rune became his last stroke, the price would skyrocket. However, a runemaster with a perfect brush stroke … was an existence comparable to a national treasure in any sect. How could it be so easy to cause a runemaster to die unnaturally?
In the end, Shang Lei chose to give up.
"Okay, 10 top-grade True Essence Stones. Deal!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Zong Rui took out 10 top grade true essence stones from his spatial ring and handed them over. As Zong Rui looked at these 10 stones that were filled with pure true essence, Luo Zheng's heart bloomed with joy. 10 top grade true essence stones! If converted to square crystals, it would be 10 million square crystals! This was a proportional exchange. If converted according to the market price, it would be 2,000 square crystals!
Previously, Luo Zheng felt that refining the Sky Derivation Essence was very profitable. Given enough time, he could indeed make a lot of money. However, that was relative to the Eastern Domain. It was nothing in the Central Domain.
After Zong Rui handed over the top-grade True Essence Stones, he carefully took the meditation rune in his hand. He was as careful as if he was holding a baby. his eyes were filled with intoxication. One could imagine his shock when he had seen the perfect brush stroke stroke stroke on the Void Spirit Sect's protective array! Now, he personally owned a piece of work drawn with perfect strokes. Although it was only a meditation rune, he liked every line on it very much.
Shang Lei could only watch as Zong Rui took the meditation rune. As a businessman, his mind was much calmer than Zong Rui's. Shang Lei also had a hobby of collecting. He had even appraised Feng Guanyu's authentic work. It would be a lie to say that Shang Lei didn't like this work, but 10 top-grade True Essence Stones really made his heart ache.
At this time, Shang Lei suddenly looked at Luo Zheng. He didn't believe that this meditation rune was drawn by Luo Zheng. However, since Luo Zheng could obtain this meditation rune, he definitely knew the whereabouts of the runemaster.
So, Shang Lei's expression once again became polite. He smiled and said, "Young Hero Luo, may I ask where you obtained this meditation rune?"
Luo Zheng was also immersed in the joy of 10 top-grade True Essence Stones. He didn't care whether Shang Lei believed him or not. He just smiled and said, "I've already told you a few times. I drew this myself. I even bought the materials from you yesterday. Have you forgotten?"
"Young Hero Luo, don't joke." Hearing Luo Zheng say this, Shang Lei thought that Luo Zheng was unwilling to tell the truth. So, he could only change his strategy and ask, "Young Hero Luo, if you know this runemaster, please recommend me. I can buy this runemaster's work in large quantities."
"Okay, I still have seven runes here. If you want to buy, I can sell them to you." Luo Zheng said with a smile. Then he took out the remaining seven meditation runes from his spatial ring and casually threw them on the table.
Zong Rui was originally carefully looking at his treasured meditation rune, but when he raised his head to look at it, he was immediately dumbfounded.
How, how could there be so many …
When Shang Lei saw these seven meditation runes, a proud smile appeared on his face. The older the ginger, the spicier it was. Shang Lei being able to remain calm and not bid for the first meditation rune was definitely the wisest decision.
Everything in the world was like this. Once it became a one-of-a-kind item, its value would skyrocket. Once there were too many of them, they wouldn't be worth much. Shang Lei had taken this risk into consideration.
"Can these runes be lit up?" Shang Lei looked at the seven meditation runes and asked.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Seven strands of True Essence shot out from his wrist and poured into the seven meditation runes. The seven runes lit up at the same time, shining brightly. For a time, the shop was filled with a green light.
Under the illumination of this azure light, Shang Lei's eyes lit up. "Yes, I want these seven runes, but the price …" Shang Lei would definitely not buy them for the price of ten top grade True Essence Stones, so at this time, Shang Lei evaluated them according to the normal price.
"Meditation runes have limited uses, but these runes seem to be formed from a completely new type of rune. Not only that, but because they are perfect strokes, their efficacy is 30% higher than ordinary meditation runes. I'll buy these seven meditation runes for five top-grade true essence stones. What do you think?" Shang Lei chuckled.
The price that Shang Lei offered was considered fair. After all, these divine imprints weren't attack-type divine imprints. Moreover, they were only something that Luo Zheng had created for practice. Even if the 'Meditation Divine Imprint' had a better effect than the 'Meditation Divine Imprint' of the Central Region, it was still impossible for it to be sold for such a high price. Moreover, the reason Shang Lei offered such a price was because of the research value of Luo Zheng's divine imprint. It was a brand new divine imprint that had never appeared in the Central Region before.
The first meditation rune could be sold for ten top grade True Essence Stones because of Zong Rui's impulsiveness. Therefore, when Shang Lei raised the price to five top grade True Essence Stones, he decisively gave up. He didn't expect Zong Rui to shout out ten top grade True Essence Stones in one go.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. "Deal!"
"No!" Zong Rui was anxious. What kind of joke was this!? Just a moment ago, he had spent ten top-grade true essence stones to buy a meditation rune. In less than an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng had sold it to Shang Lei for almost half a top-grade true essence stone? No one could accept this.
"Why not?" Luo Zheng faintly looked at Shang Lei. This fellow had deliberately attacked him a moment ago. Luo Zheng wasn't a person who held grudges, but Zong Rui's words were still vivid in his mind.
"You sold it to me for ten top grade True Essence Stones, but you sold it to him for only five. Moreover, it's seven runes. The difference in price is too great!" Zong Rui's face was bitter. The happiness he felt after obtaining a perfect rune had disappeared without a trace. He felt that he had been cheated by Luo Zheng! Ten top grade True Essence Stones! Even if Zong Rui could easily make money as a rune master, ten top grade True Essence Stones was absolutely not a small sum to him!
"The difference in price is too great?" Luo Zheng stared at Zong Rui and sneered. "Did I force you to buy it?"
"No!" Zong Rui shook his head. "But …"
"Isn't that enough?" Luo Zheng sneered. He found a chair and sat down. He didn't even look at Zong Rui as he said to Shang Lei, "Boss Shang, please prepare a batch of materials for me after you settle the bill. This is the list!"
Shang Lei's face was filled with a proud smile. He carefully arranged the seven meditation runes while instructing his assistant to fetch the materials according to the list.
Zong Rui's complexion was extremely ugly at this time. He looked at the runes he had bought for ten top grade True Essence Stones. He could only tell himself that impulse was the devil …
He wanted to threaten Luo Zheng and return the ten top grade True Essence Stones, but at this time, Zong Rui remembered his mission. The Temple Master had sent him to attack Luo Zheng. How could he have forgotten this matter?
Hold on, this fellow had just said that these meditation runes were drawn by himself. Could it be that this was true? Otherwise, how could this boy have eight identical runes on him? A rune master with perfect rune strokes could at least reach the level of a Great Master! Even if he was an unknown hermit, why would he give his work to a little kid?
Zong Rui was shocked by his own deduction. He stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Did you really draw these runes by yourself?"
Luo Zheng casually nodded his head. "Do you want me to repeat myself a hundred times?"
"But, but …" Zong Rui suddenly slapped his own head, then he took out a rune pen from his Sumeru Ring. After that, he slapped the paper he used to draw the runes on the table, then he placed the ink he had mixed on the table. "Draw a stroke for me, just one stroke is enough! Prove it to me! "
Looking at the rune pen in front of him, Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. "Why do I have to prove it to you?"
"You just have to prove it to me! You said you drew these runes by yourself, but you have no proof! How can I believe you?! " Zong Rui hurriedly said. As the Chief Rune Master of the Cloud Hall, a Divine Core warrior, he had no face in front of Luo Zheng.
"Not interested." Luo Zheng took the five True Meta Stones and some materials from Shang Lei, then he turned around and was about to leave.
Zong Rui took a step forward and stood in front of Luo Zheng. With a sad expression, he said, "I'm begging you, please?"
When Shang Lei heard what Zong Rui said, he shook his head as well. Zong Rui's position in the Cloud Hall was even more important than any other Sect Elders. Who would have thought that a man like him would lower himself and beg a junior?
Luo Zheng stopped walking. He looked at the dark green rune pen in Zong Rui's hand, then he suddenly smiled and said, "Sure, but I have a condition."
"What condition?" Zong Rui stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"If I can prove that these runes were really drawn by me, then this rune pen will belong to me, what do you think?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.

Chapter 412
Don't look down on this small rune pen; there were many mysteries within.
The rune pen Luo Zheng had purchased from Shang Lei was made of red iron gold. In fact, this was a typical rune pen used by apprentices. Although it could allow the soul to penetrate more finely, it wasn't light, and the pen's center of gravity wasn't good. Drawing the most basic and simple runes wasn't a problem. Even if there was an occasional mistake, it would only destroy a small rune.
But a large rune array was composed of hundreds, or even thousands of runes. For example, when Xiao Die gave Zong Rui the rune protecting array of a sixth-grade sect, Zong Rui calculated that there were over 13,000 runes! There couldn't be any mistakes in the middle of such a huge defensive array. Although the defensive array could be replaced with a single wrong rune, the most important rune in the center was composed of thousands of lines. Once a single wrong stroke was drawn, the entire defensive array would be destroyed.
Because of this, a good rune pen was extremely important.
Zong Rui's rune pen was made from the tip of a thousand year old Firecloud Bamboo. This bamboo tip could remain warm and soft for a hundred years. When soul force was poured into it, it could even be nourished by the bamboo tip. In addition, the outer shell of the pen and the tip were all made from top quality materials. The weight and feel were just right, and the tip was also very stable.
The price of this rune pen was at least three top-grade true essence stones on the market.
As a rune master of the Cloud Hall, Zong Rui naturally had more than one rune pen. But because this was his favorite rune pen, he always carried it with him.
"If you don't want to, then forget it. I still have things to do." Luo Zheng didn't want to waste time with Luo Zheng. He wanted to go around Zong Rui, but Zong Rui finally clenched his teeth and said, "Alright, if you can really display perfect brush strokes, then this rune pen is yours!"
Luo Zheng chuckled. He was very happy to earn a rune pen for free. However, when he saw the rune ink that Zong Rui had concocted, he frowned and asked, "What kind of ink is this?"
"Three stars, Blazing Sun rune!" Zong Rui said. There was a huge demand for this kind of rune in the Cloud Hall. Many people had asked Zong Rui to make them, so he would always carry them with him.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm not familiar with this. I just learned runes and only know how to draw one star runes." To be exact, Luo Zheng only knew how to draw one star runes. Although Zong Rui didn't want Luo Zheng to draw the three star Flaming Sun Rune, he only wanted Luo Zheng to draw a single stroke to prove that his' perfect brush stroke 'was enough. However, the characteristics of the materials used to make the Flaming Sun Rune and the way it was arranged was different from the one star meditation rune.
Therefore, Luo Zheng took out the ink he had mixed.
"You've just learned runes, and you only know how to draw a one-star rune … but you're already able to use the 'Perfect Brush Stroke'." Luo Zheng's words made Zong Rui extremely uncomfortable. An apprentice who had just learned runes couldn't even hold a rune pen properly, so how could he know the 'Perfect Brush Stroke'? This was a very contradictory existence.
However, looking at Luo Zheng's solemn vow, he felt that he had encountered an extremely absurd matter today. It was as if a newborn baby had opened his mouth and said a seven-word quatrain! It was simply absurd.
Let's continue watching. He really didn't believe that Luo Zheng could draw the 'Perfect Brush Stroke'. If he could really do it, then this rune pen could be considered a gift to him.
Grabbing Zong Rui's black rune pen in his hand, his heart suddenly moved. This guy's rune pen was really not bad. It fit his fingers very well and felt very good. When Luo Zheng separated a strand of his soul and poured it into the pen, he didn't feel cold. Instead, he felt that strand of his soul was immersed in a warm current. It was warm and comfortable.
This rune pen, I must have it!
Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. He grabbed the rune pen and dipped it in the ink he had mixed yesterday. Then, he drew on the paper.
At this moment, Zong Rui, Shang Lei, and even Shang Lei's shop assistants' gazes were focused on the tip of the pen. Their hearts were biased towards disbelief, but in the end, they still wanted to see how Luo Zheng would continue acting.
The moment the tip of the pen touched the paper, Luo Zheng had already clearly classified all the materials in the ink. Yesterday, he had consecutively drawn eight runes. Thus, he was very familiar with the characteristics of the materials used for meditation runes.
A cyan light suddenly lit up, drawing a perfect line on the paper.
"Incredible, incredible …" That cyan light constantly flickered, reflecting Zong Rui's extremely shocked face.
Shang Lei's complexion also greatly changed. As a member of the World Business Alliance, how sharp was his sense of smell? Almost in an instant, he realized the value of Luo Zheng! In the future, his rune skills would probably not be any worse than Feng Guanyu's. The World Business Alliance had to rope in Luo Zheng at all costs! He had to report this matter to the Alliance as soon as possible!
A full line slowly stretched on the paper. The perfect stroke completely released the energy in the ink. Then, the tip of the pen left the paper. Luo Zheng faintly smiled at Zong Rui. "This pen, is it mine now?"
Zong Rui silently nodded. He looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression, as if he was looking at a priceless treasure.
At this time, Zong Rui admired the Hall Master in his heart …
As a rune master of the Cloud Hall, he and the elders naturally heard about Luo Zheng's matter. They also knew that the reason Luo Zheng challenged the Elite Hall and caused such an uproar was because of the Hall Master.
Because the Hall Master was too young, many people privately criticized the Hall Master, saying that he was completely messing around! The Hall Master used the entire Elite Hall as Luo Zheng's sparring partner! Even if Luo Zheng's talent was high, was it worth the Hall Master's training?
However, the Hall Master's temper was not good. Even if the majority of the elders disagreed, they would only talk about it in private. No one dared to reprimand the Hall Master in person. Although the Hall Master's strength was still in the Divine Realm because of cultivating the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》, she still had the old monster of the Cloud Hall behind her!
Zong Rui also deeply agreed with this. Even when the Hall Master assigned him the task of suppressing Luo Zheng and making Luo Zheng give up on rune skills, Zong Rui's heart was conflicted. The Hall Master was too selfish, using so many people to train a junior. The Cloud Hall was not Luo Zheng's hometown!
Now, Zong Rui was convinced.
Not to mention that the Hall Master only used the help of the Elite Hall and Daoist Master Dameng, even if the entire Cloud Hall was used to train Luo Zheng, it was still worth it!
Luo Zheng contentedly stuffed the rune pen into his sumeru ring. Today, he came to the market. Not only did he sell the rune he tried to create yesterday for a good price, but he also unexpectedly obtained a good rune pen. How could Luo Zheng not be satisfied?
"Many thanks to the two seniors," Luo Zheng said with a smile and calmly left.
Zong Rui and Shang Lei looked at each other deeply. Both of them were clear about Luo Zheng's value. However, Shang Lei was more inclined towards Luo Zheng's commercial value, while Zong Rui understood Luo Zheng's value to the Cloud Hall!
There wasn't a huge conflict between the two, but it was still a conflict. The World Business Alliance was known as the uncrowned king, and although Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Cloud Hall, it was inevitable that he would get involved in some matters in the future. Therefore, the Cloud Hall didn't stop him from doing so.
Zong Rui hastily left boss Shang's shop and flew up into the sky. He turned into a beam of light and flew towards the Ice Palace where the Palace Master resided.
The Ice Palace located at the highest level of the Cloud Hall was now completely covered in a layer of icy mist. The tiny Ice Phoenix was guarding the entrance of the Ice Palace. This was Xiao Die's time to cultivate.
The difficulty of cultivating the Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens was extremely high. It required the cultivator to disperse their cultivation base nine times in a row. Each time, the cultivator would have to start from the Xiantian realm and start from the beginning. After breaking through to the Divine Core realm, the cultivator would have to disperse their cultivation base again, and repeat the process nine times.
This meant that Xiao Die would have to cultivate nine times in a row, and only then would she be able to master the Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens.
There were some cultivators with poor talent who couldn't break through to the Divine Core realm after spending hundreds of years, or even their entire lives. Even if they managed to break through to the Divine Core realm, they would be stuck at the same realm for the rest of their lives. It was extremely difficult for them to break through to the next realm.
But, with Xiao Die's talent, it wasn't difficult for her to break through to the Divine Core realm. Besides, when the Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens broke through to the Divine Core realm for the first time, the shackles in her body would be completely broken. Therefore, every time Xiao Die dispersed her cultivation base, it would only take her half a year to break through to the next realm.
The last time Xiao Die dispersed her cultivation base, her cultivation speed was extremely fast. When she was still in the Path of Trials, Xiao Die was only at the First Level of the Divine Reflection realm. Now, in less than a month, Xiao Die had broken through to the Seventh Level of the Divine Reflection realm. Next would be the Divine Core realm, and even higher realms …
Sitting within the Ice Palace, Xiao Die lowered her head. Wisps of True Yuan turned into cold air and formed into many diamond-like ice rings that slowly rotated around her.
"Hiss …"
A Message Talisman suddenly flew into the Ice Palace, and it started burning beside Xiao Die's ear.
Xiao Die furrowed her brows. Everyone in the Cloud Hall knew that she was cultivating right now, and no one would disturb her unless there was something important.
But, after the Message Talisman finished burning, Xiao Die finally opened her eyes. The frost in her eyes had condensed into two thin ice crystals, but in an instant, they melted into her dark green pupils.
She lightly waved her hand, and the icy mist in the Ice Palace was stirred up. The mist slowly spread out and sank into the ground, turning into tiny ice crystals and ice shards.
"Come in." Xiao Die's cold voice sounded out. At the same time, a puzzled expression could be seen on her face.
What was Zong Rui trying to say? He knew it was her time to cultivate, but why did he hastily burn the Message Talisman and say he wanted to see her?
She had just sent him to suppress Luo Zheng, could something have happened?

Chapter 413
Zong Rui walked in hastily. Because he was walking too fast and the ground was too slippery, he almost tripped and fell!
For a Divine Core warrior to fall while walking, this was something that was simply unimaginable.
"Zong Rui, why are you in such a hurry? Is it because of the Sect Protecting Formation? " Xiao Die furrowed her brows and asked. Xiao Die was curious why Zong Rui was in such a panic, as if he had lost his soul. It couldn't be because of Luo Zheng, right?
"No, it's not! It's because of Luo Zheng! "Zong Rui said hastily." Oh, right, this subordinate greets Palace Chief! "After saying that, Zong Rui bowed.
"Luo Zheng? Oh … "Xiao Die nodded her head." Just because of this? "
If Xiao Die's cultivation was disturbed because of Luo Zheng, it didn't seem right. Zong Rui could just wait until tomorrow. Therefore, Xiao Die was even more curious.
In Xiao Die's opinion, Zong Rui could easily make Luo Zheng feel ashamed, and make him give up on learning rune arts and focus on cultivating martial arts. This was the right path to take.
"Just because of this, Palace Chief!" Zong Rui nodded his head.
"Why? Did you make Luo Zheng lose his confidence? " Xiao Die let out a faint smile. Zong Rui was the Chief Rune Master in her Cloud Hall, and his knowledge in runes was one of the best in the Central Domain. When facing a beginner Luo Zheng, perhaps with just a few words, he would be able to make him lose the courage to learn runes …
In fact, Zong Rui had the same thought at first. When he found out about Luo Zheng's work, he even wanted to criticize Luo Zheng's work. After all, a beginner's work was always clumsy, and there were many loopholes and errors in it. A Rune Master like Zong Rui, even a powerful Rune Master wouldn't be able to raise his head in front of him, let alone a mere Luo Zheng.
However, he had never seen Luo Zheng's rune before, so how could he criticize it? When the rune was lit up and he saw the perfect strokes, he had no right to criticize it. Even he couldn't grasp the perfect strokes, and he had no right to criticize Luo Zheng!
"No." Zong Rui shook his head.
Xiao Die was slightly surprised, "What? You don't look normal. What happened? "
Zong Rui then cupped his hands towards the Palace Master and said, "Palace Master, Luo Zheng is a genius of the Dao of Runes. I don't think it's necessary to forbid him from practicing runes. In the future, his attainments in runes will probably surpass that of the Son of Runes, Feng Guanyu!"
"Feng Guanyu?" Although Xiaodie didn't understand runes, she had naturally heard of Feng Guanyu, the famous "Son of Runes". There were also two authentic works of Feng Guanyu in the Cloud Hall.
However, Little Butterfly was getting more and more confused. Feng Guanyu was the number one rune master in the Central Domain. His attainments in rune techniques were unprecedented. Surpass him? Was Zong Rui's brain fried? Or was he deliberately looking for trouble and dawdling here?
Little Butterfly's face sank, and she scolded, "Zong Rui, what nonsense are you talking about here? Are you making fun of me, the Palace Master? "
Xiaodie ascended to the position of Palace Master at such a young age, which was not enough to convince the public. After all, to sit on the position of Cloud Hall Palace Master, one not only needed strength and talent, but also experience! Xiaodie was still young and didn't have enough experience, so it was difficult for her to restrain the group of Elders in the Cloud Hall. That was why Xiaodie said so.
"This subordinate wouldn't dare. This Luo Zheng is really a genius in runes. He is even more talented than him in martial arts. He has just started learning runes, but he has already comprehended the perfect stroke. Feng Guanyu also slowly comprehended it when he was in his forties!" Zong Rui quickly said. In fact, Zong Rui was also optimistic about Luo Zheng's rune lines! The meditation runes drawn by Luo Zheng had clearly broken away from the style of the Northern and Southern Sects in the Central Domain. They were completely different from the meditation runes he had seen before!
This seemed to be Luo Zheng's own creation! There were very few people who could create their own runes, especially runes that had evolved for so many years. There were very few new ways of thinking about rune lines. Just this point alone made the difficulty comparable to comprehending the "perfect stroke". This was because even Feng Guanyu had only invented three new types of runes.
Zong Rui naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng's runes couldn't be called runes, but divine runes! This was because the first divine rune drawn by Luo Zheng was a 1-star meditation divine rune, and meditation divine runes were only used for "concentration". Although Zong Rui felt that the degree of "concentration" of this meditation divine rune seemed to be stronger than ordinary meditation runes, this thing was originally an immeasurable feeling, and there was no way to quantify it.
If Luo Zheng created offensive divine runes in the future, Zong Rui would be able to feel that the divine runes drawn by Luo Zheng were fundamentally different from his runes!
Hearing Zong Rui's words, Xiao Die smiled and said, "Zong Rui, is it really as strong as you said?"
"Yes, it is …" Zong Rui nodded his head. But, before he could finish his sentence, he suddenly leapt up, because a huge icicle was flying towards him! He barely dodged the icicle by leaping up.
Xiao Die's smiling face had turned cold, and her slender fingers were glowing with an icy light. Obviously, she was the one who unleashed the icicle just now.
Although Xiao Die's cultivation base was lower than Zong Rui's, Zong Rui was still a rune master. Although he had broken through to the Divine Core realm, he wasn't good at close combat. Therefore, with a bitter expression, Zong Rui said, "Palace Chief, I'm not joking with you!"
"Is that so? I'm not joking with you either! "After saying that, Xiao Die waved her hand and unleashed countless foot long icicles towards Zong Rui.
Zong Rui dodged Xiao Die's icicles in a sorry state. In a moment of desperation, an idea flashed through his mind. Without hesitation, he extended his hand and tossed out the meditation rune that cost him ten top rank True Meta Stones!
"Palace Chief, I'm telling you the truth! If you don't believe me, you can have a look!" Zong Rui rolled on the slippery ground, then he unleashed another True Meta Stone into the rune. "This is Luo Zheng's work!" He almost howled out the last sentence. Zong Rui was in a sorry state right now, and he was feeling extremely depressed! This was like seeing a ghost …
If Zong Rui hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed what he just said. What did it mean to surpass Feng Guanyu? How could it be so easy to surpass a Son of Rune?
After Zong Rui unleashed his True Meta Stone into the meditation rune, it suddenly shone brightly. The green light was reflected in Xiao Die's eyes. When she saw the green light, Xiao Die exclaimed in surprise. She stretched her hand out and waved it, causing the meditation rune to float into her palm.
Xiao Die wasn't a rune master, but the concept of 'beauty' was universal. Even though she didn't know anything about runes, it didn't mean she didn't have her own sense of beauty. The smooth strokes on the rune gave off an aura of perfection.
"This … was really drawn by Luo Zheng?" Xiao Die stared at Zong Rui and asked. The icy mist in her eyes swirled again, as if two ice crystals were about to condense. Her calm tone made Zong Rui's heart tremble.
"Palace Chief, it's true. This was indeed drawn by Luo Zheng, although I don't know how he comprehended the 'perfect strokes'," Zong Rui said with a wry smile.
"I see … This is also why you came to me at this time." Xiao Die nodded.
"Yes, that's the reason. Therefore, I'm afraid I can't complete the task you gave me. Maybe in the future, we'll need Luo Zheng's help to set up the Sect Protecting Formation!" Zong Rui said again, "The Sect Protecting Formation of the Void Spirit Sect was made with the perfect strokes. If Luo Zheng can really use it freely, coupled with the Sect Protecting Formation of a Rank Six Sect, the Sect Protecting Formation of our Cloud Hall will be invincible in the Central Domain in the future!"
Xiao Die was silent. She didn't expect this to happen so suddenly. Not only did Zong Rui fail to defeat Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was also subdued.
Could this guy really do it to this extent? Xiao Die was stunned for a while and found that Zong Rui was still in the Ice Palace. Then Xiao Die waved her hand and said, "I know. You can leave first. Let me think about this matter."
Zong Rui let out a sigh of relief and left the Ice Palace.
Xiao Die thought for a while and then returned to her position. The thick icy mist wrapped around her again. Before her peerless face disappeared in the icy mist, she revealed a smile.
"I don't care. Let's see how far this guy can go," Xiao Die thought before starting to cultivate.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 414
A One Star Divine Rune was the most basic Divine Rune.
Among Qinglong's Divine Runes, there were some extremely powerful Divine Runes! For example, there was a Seven Star Divine Rune. It was only the size of a palm, but it was powerful enough to destroy an entire continent! Being able to destroy the entire Central Domain, this Divine Rune that came from the Upper Realm was incredibly powerful.
With Luo Zheng's current ability, the Seven Star Divine Rune was still far away from Luo Zheng's level. Even Qinglong couldn't draw it because of his weakened soul. Besides, even if Qinglong had the ability to draw it, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to find the materials required to do so.
However, Luo Zheng was very interested in a Four Star Divine Imprint. This Divine Imprint was called "Soul Breathing", and it had a very special effect. It could double a cultivator's cultivation efficiency without any negative side effects.
After entering the Central Domain, Luo Zheng's biggest problem was that his cultivation was too low! If he could get his hands on this "Soul Breathing" Divine Rune, his cultivation speed would be doubled, and it would bring great benefits to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had broken through to the Xiantian fourth level at the age of 18, and he was considered an outstanding genius in Chong Yang County! He was considered ordinary in the Blue Cloud Sect, but in the Central Domain, he was considered a nobody! Although Luo Zheng's foundation was very solid, and he was able to challenge Divine Realm warriors, if he encountered an Extreme Divine Realm warrior, or even a Divine Core warrior, he might not even have the chance to escape.
Increasing his cultivation had become Luo Zheng's most urgent problem.
Little Butterfly had arranged for the elite disciples to spar with him. Perhaps she had seen through this problem, but Luo Zheng was well aware that a martial artist often needed to experience life and death situations in order to make the greatest breakthroughs!
Besides, the elite disciples weren't idiots. Many of them were higher-ups of the Cloud Hall, and they knew that Luo Zheng's challenge to the elite disciples was just a trap set up by Little Butterfly. They were just training partners for Luo Zheng. If he could defeat them, Luo Zheng would fight them, but if he couldn't, he would run away. No one could catch him, so how were they supposed to play this game? Besides, the elite disciples also needed to accept missions from the Cloud Hall, and some of them had to go out and train.
Therefore, a few days later, when Luo Zheng went to challenge the elite disciples again, he would either be alone, or there were two Extreme Divine Realm warriors …
Little Butterfly realized that this was the Soul Breathing Divine Rune. after some preparation, Luo Zheng left the Cloud Hall, and went to collect the materials for the "Soul Breathing" Divine Rune.
Early in the morning, the sky was still bright. Thick clouds that were difficult to disperse slowly swirled around the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the Cloud Hall, took a deep breath, and then jumped down.
Although he could borrow the Flying Chariot from the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng wanted to test the one-star divine rune "Wind Feather" he had just made. This one-star divine rune was specially made for disciples below the Divine Realm to use. After installing the "Wind Feather" Divine Rune, Luo Zheng could feel the faint concept of wind, and he could fly with the wind. In other words, even if he hadn't reached the Divine Realm, he could still fly with the wind!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Jumping down from a thousand meters high, Luo Zheng combined the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. He was like a leaf dancing with the wind. Borrowing the wind, Luo Zheng found a target and gently shook in the air. The momentum of his descent was greatly reduced, and then he gracefully landed on the ground.
This method was somewhat similar to Red Maple's movement technique, which allowed him to borrow the force of the air twice.
This scene stunned the two warriors who were about to enter the city. They were both Xiantian lifeforms. When they realized that Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian lifeform, but he was able to descend from the sky, they were immediately stunned.
As warriors of Cloud Sea City, they knew that a fourth-grade sect, the Cloud Hall, was located a thousand meters high in the sky. It seemed that this kid had most likely come from the Cloud Hall. In the eyes of ordinary warriors, the Cloud Hall was perhaps unreachable, but a Xiantian lifeform disciple of the Cloud Hall could fly? This already went against their knowledge and common sense.
Luo Zheng paid no attention to the two Xiantian lifeforms. Instead, he followed the main road towards Cloud Sea City. When he was in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng had inquired Shang Lei that the World Business Alliance's branch was in Cloud Sea City.
After entering Cloud Sea City, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh at the difference between the Central Domain and the Eastern Domain.
Because the Cloud Hall and the Cloud Sect were located here, Cloud Sea City was considered one of the top cities in the Central Domain. However, it wasn't the biggest city. Compared to the Eastern Domain's Burning Sky Imperial Capital, the difference was like heaven and earth. There was no comparison between the two.
In terms of family power, there were seven noble families and the imperial family in Burning Sky Imperial Capital. There was also the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect was only a second-grade sect, and the imperial family where Su Lingyun was from could barely be considered a second-grade sect. As for the seven noble families, they couldn't even be considered a second-grade sect …
However, there were seven to eight third-grade sects in Cloud Sea City, and this didn't include the Cloud Sect. Because the Cloud Sect belonged to the Cloud Hall, both of them belonged to the same system.
On the road in Cloud Sea City, Luo Zheng could see Divine Reflection realm warriors everywhere. There were even a few Divine Core warriors. Most of these warriors were in small groups of three to five. Obviously, they were here to replenish their supplies.
Luo Zheng's cultivation level didn't attract any attention.
Following Shang Lei's directions, Luo Zheng soon found the World Business Alliance's branch.
According to Luo Zheng's understanding of the World Business Alliance, although it didn't have any ranking, the power behind it was extremely frightening. It was even slightly stronger than the Cloud Hall, and was almost on par with the strongest sect in the Central Domain, the Void Spirit Sect.
However, this World Business Alliance's branch was very low-key. It was hidden in a residential area, and it didn't give off any imposing feeling. However, there were two Divine Reflection realm warriors guarding the entrance of the World Business Alliance's branch. This made people realize that this wasn't a place where ordinary people could enter.
When Luo Zheng approached the branch, one of the Divine Reflection realm warriors made a hand gesture to Luo Zheng, then he said with a cold voice, "Stop right there, this is the World Business Alliance's branch, all unrelated people should leave at once!"
The World Business Alliance's shops could be found all over the Central Domain. Normally, this branch didn't do any business, and only warriors who had important matters to discuss or big deals would come to this branch. Normally, these warriors were at least at the Divine Reflection realm, Divine Core realm, or even stronger than that.
Luo Zheng was just a tiny little Xiantian realm warrior, so when he stood at the entrance, the two Divine Reflection realm warriors immediately started chasing him away. This wasn't a place where Luo Zheng could enter. "Friend, go wherever you want, don't bring yourself bad luck!"
Hearing what these two men said, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. This World Business Alliance really thought too highly of themselves. If it wasn't for information, who would come here? After that, Luo Zheng took out a name card from his chest and threw it over. "This is the World Business Alliance's invitation card!"
One of the Divine Reflection realm warriors took a look at the name card. When he saw Shang Lei's name on the name card, his gloomy expression immediately turned into a bright one.
In the main union, Shang Lei could only be considered an ordinary deacon. But in this sub-union, he was absolutely a top figure. Only, the two martial artists guarding the gate were extremely puzzled. Why would Shang Lei give his name card to this Xiantian life form?
Even Divine Reflection realm warriors like them could only be the guards of the World Business Alliance, so why would a tiny little Xiantian realm warrior be welcomed by the World Business Alliance? Could it be that one of Shang Lei's relatives or nephew had recommended him to the World Business Alliance for a job?
Just as the two of them were guessing in their hearts, they heard a burst of deep laughter behind them. An old man walked towards Luo Zheng with a polite smile on his face. "Haha, little friend Luo Zheng has come to visit? Please forgive us for not coming out to meet you! Please forgive us for not coming out to meet you! "
When the two Divine Reflection Realm cultivators turned around, their eyes almost popped out of their sockets. The two of them hurriedly bowed respectfully to the old man, not even daring to breathe loudly. This was the leader of their sub-union, Mo Yuezhang!
What was going on? Who was this kid? He actually made Mo Yuezhang come out to meet him personally? The two Divine Reflection realm warriors couldn't wrap their heads around this.
However, Luo Zheng's words almost caused them to fall to the ground. Luo Zheng nodded and asked, "May I ask … who are you?"
This kid didn't even know the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance's Main Alliance, Mo Yuezhang, but he was still so polite! This kid … Thinking back to their attitude just now, the two Divine Reflection realm warriors instantly felt fear. If this kid casually said anything to Mo Yuezhang, they would be in deep trouble.
"This old man is Mo Yuezhang. Young hero Luo Zheng, please come in first. We can talk over tea." Mo Yuezhang chuckled, as if Luo Zheng was someone of the same generation as him.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at the two Divine Reflection realm warriors, then followed Mo Yuezhang inside. Only then did the two warriors breathe a sigh of relief.
Fortunately, this kid didn't hold a grudge and probably wouldn't complain about them to the Alliance Master.
However, they still couldn't understand why the Alliance Master would treat this kid so politely.

Chapter 415
Luo Zheng followed Mo Yuezhang into the Sub-league, only to realize that the outside was just an illusion. Inside the Sub-league, he was greeted with a sense of luxury. Almost every corner was exquisite.
The World Business Alliance was a business organization. After surviving for so many years, it understood the principle of decline after the peak of prosperity. Doing things in a high-profile manner and keeping a low profile was the way to go.
Luo Zheng was treated as a guest of honor, and Mo Yuezhang personally welcomed him. Naturally, he had taken a liking to Luo Zheng's identity.
Shang Lei had already submitted Luo Zheng's seven runes, and even the General Alliance was shaken. The World Business Alliance was well aware of the value of a Runemaster with perfect strokes, so they had already given the order to rope in Luo Zheng at all costs!
Although Luo Zheng was a member of the Cloud Hall, the World Business Alliance generally did not participate in conflicts between sects. Luo Zheng was a Runemaster, so there was a lot of room for cooperation between them.
After Luo Zheng sat down, Mo Yuezhang clapped his hands, and two beautiful maids served him some fragrant tea.
"Young Hero Luo Zheng, are you here to purchase materials or to sell runes?" Mo Yuezhang asked straightforwardly.
"I will sell runes too, but most importantly, I want to purchase materials and some information," Luo Zheng said.
Mo Yuezhang nodded and took out a square nameplate from his hand. The nameplate was inlaid with gold and jade, and the words "Luo Zheng" were engraved in the middle of the nameplate. It looked exceptionally exquisite. "Young Hero Luo Zheng, our Sub-league has made this nameplate for you. With this nameplate, you will receive preferential treatment in any of the World Business Alliance branches. You are our most respected guest, including the materials we sell to you at a 20% discount! If you sell runes, the price will definitely be higher than the market price. "
Receiving the exquisite nameplate from Mo Yuezhang, Luo Zheng chuckled. The World Business Alliance was indeed something. This nameplate was obviously made in advance. The World Business Alliance was indeed generous, giving him such a great discount without any conditions!
The World Business Alliance was not a fool. A businessman would not do a losing business. They definitely wanted to cooperate with him, but their current approach was more pleasing.
It was always good to deal with smart people. Moreover, Luo Zheng himself needed a channel to sell runes, and the World Business Alliance was undoubtedly the best choice.
After that, Luo Zheng handed the runes he had drawn to Mo Yuezhang.
"These are all one-star runes, but the effect after activation is comparable to an ordinary two-star rune …" Luo Zheng said.
Mo Yuezhang took the runes from Luo Zheng's hands. Seeing the completely different lines, he nodded subconsciously. When Mo Yuezhang saw Luo Zheng's meditation runes, he guessed that Luo Zheng might have inherited another school of runes. Otherwise, no matter how talented Luo Zheng was, it would be impossible for him to draw runes with completely different lines.
Now, Mo Yuezhang had verified his guess. But what he did not expect was that the runes in Luo Zheng's hands were not runes, but runes!
Mo Yuezhang casually released his vital essence to light up these runes. When he saw the full and smooth brush intent, a smile appeared on his face. Just this novel way of drawing lines and the perfect brush strokes were enough to sell for a good price. Thus, he handed it over to the servants beside him for them to evaluate its value.
In fact, Mo Yuezhang did not care about one-star or two-star runes. But as Luo Zheng grew, it would be terrifying if he could draw four-star, five-star, or even six-star runes in the future!
"Young hero Luo Zheng, other than selling runes, what other materials do you need?" Mo Yuezhang asked casually.
Mo Yuezhang was very confident. There was no material in the Central Domain that he could not get. Moreover, with Luo Zheng's cultivation, the materials he needed now should not be too outrageous. Mo Yuezhang was thinking that if Luo Zheng's first request was not too outrageous, he could choose to give him some.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I want two portions of 'Sky Spirit Liquid', a five-thousand-year-old Purple Thunder Bamboo, a thousand-year-old Earth Withered Ginseng, and …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Yuezhang almost fell off his chair …
The materials that Luo Zheng mentioned were all top materials. Whether it was the 'Sky Spirit Liquid' or the five-thousand-year-old 'Purple Thunder Bamboo', they were all rare treasures that might only appear once in a few years or even decades. Even if the World Business Alliance got their hands on them, they would sell them quickly because the demand for these materials was too high. Those old monsters in the Central Domain were all eagerly eyeing them!
"Young Hero Luo Zheng, it's not that the Business Alliance doesn't want to sell it to you, but these things are too precious. They're rare items that only appear once in a decade. I can only promise you that I'll inform you immediately if there's any relevant news," Mo Yuezhang said with a bitter smile.
Luo Zheng nodded. He already knew that these things were too rare and could not be collected easily, so this time, he was mainly here for some information.
Mo Yuezhang then said, "But about the Purple Thunder Bamboo, someone just happened to report to me some time ago."
"How much is this information worth?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mo Yuezhang chuckled. "Young hero Luo Zheng, this information is not very secret, so it's not very valuable. Just treat it as a gift from me to a friend." Mo Yuezhang then burned a voice transmission talisman, and soon, someone sent a map over. Mo Yuezhang took the map and handed it to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he said, "However, if Young hero Luo Zheng intends to go look for the Purple Thunder Bamboo personally, then I won't recommend it."
With the appearance of such a rare treasure, it would definitely cause many martial artists to swarm over. Furthermore, the Extreme Yin Mountain it was located in was a dangerous place …
In Mo Yuezhang's eyes, Luo Zheng had perfect brushstrokes, and his talent in runes was unparalleled, but in terms of strength, Luo Zheng's Xiantian Mystic Realm cultivation was far from qualified.
However, Luo Zheng had legs, and Mo Yuezhang kindly reminded Luo Zheng, so he naturally could not stop him. After Luo Zheng left, Mo Yuezhang frowned and muttered to himself, "Are the people of the Cloud Hall stupid? They actually allowed Luo Zheng to go out and explore by himself … "
If other sects discovered a rune master like Luo Zheng, they would probably keep him in captivity like a divine beast, afraid that something would happen to him. However, the Cloud Hall allowed Luo Zheng to take such a risk, and this was what Mo Yuezhang could not understand.
A month later, five thousand miles southwest of Cloudsea City, the area after the West Mountain Pass was collectively known as the Western Domain. The customs and customs of the Western Domain were very different from those of the Central Domain.
Luo Zheng's figure flew along the official road of the Western Domain. It was not that he wanted to run with his legs, but his Flying Chariot had crashed half a month ago, and it was very difficult to buy a horse like the Lightning God Colt in the Western Domain, so he might as well run with his legs.
He was travel-worn all the way to the Western Domain.
The Western Domain was vast and sparsely populated, and there was usually not a single person within a hundred miles. Now, a small town appeared in front of Luo Zheng, and there was a small plaque by the side of the road with the words' Everest Town 'written on it.
After entering the town, Luo Zheng stepped into a restaurant in the town.
The waiter in the restaurant had a braided hair and a thick accent. He came up to them with a big smile. "Dear guest, please come in!"
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the waiter upstairs.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the second floor, he felt that something was wrong. There were almost no customers on the second floor. As soon as he stepped onto the second floor, he felt that several waiter and the manager were staring at him with malicious eyes.
What did these people want to do? A trace of doubt flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, but after checking the strength of these people, he still sat down casually.
The waiter with a braided hair carried a menu and said with a smile, "Dear guest, these are the specialties of our restaurant. Would you like to have one?"
Luo Zheng glanced at the menu casually and nodded, "Bring me all the specialties!" Luo Zheng was not picky about wine, meat, and food when he was away from home.
The waiter replied with a "hmm" and turned around to make a gesture to the manager. Then, the other waiter exchanged glances with each other, and no one knew what they were talking about.

Chapter 416
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the chef of this small restaurant was very good at cooking. Although the dishes were simple, they looked, smelled, and tasted good. Luo Zheng didn't think much about it and started to eat heartily.
A cold smile appeared on the faces of the servants, and there was a trace of killing intent in their smiles.
Luo Zheng had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain, so how sensitive was he to killing intent? How could he not see the killing intent released by these servants?
However, Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to it. Everything could wait until he was full.
But as Luo Zheng continued to eat meat and vegetables, the smiles on the faces of the servants gradually disappeared and were replaced by puzzled expressions.
After wolfing down the food, Luo Zheng finished the table of food, and suddenly turned to the servants and smiled, "What are you puzzled about?"
The servant with the braided hair looked embarrassed and said in a secretive manner, "No, nothing …"
"Do you want to ask why the poison in the food didn't work?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the faces of the servants suddenly changed. Not far away, the shopkeeper suddenly sneered, "Do it!"
The surrounding servants took out a small mechanism from their waists. At the end of the mechanism was a dark golden rope. After the servants took out the mechanism, they aimed it at Luo Zheng and shot it.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Seven or eight dark golden ropes wrapped around Luo Zheng's head. Almost in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was tied up tightly by the ropes. It was obvious that this was not the first time these servants had done this kind of thing. They cooperated with each other very closely.
In fact, Luo Zheng had enough time to avoid these ropes, but he didn't choose to do so. Instead, he let these ropes tie him up tightly.
The shopkeeper's face was full of smiles. He walked over proudly and said with a smile, "It's really strange that you weren't poisoned. But you know that the food is poisoned, yet you are still so calm. You don't know that our ropes have a restriction that can make your True Essence unable to circulate! Not bad, we caught another pig today. Let's bring it down first! "
Hearing the shopkeeper's words, Luo Zheng didn't panic in the slightest. If he was an ordinary Xiantian life form and was tied up by these ropes and unable to use his True Essence, he might have really fallen into a predicament! However, Luo Zheng's body was very strong. Even if he was bound by layers of ropes, it would be very easy for him to break free.
"Catch a pig? Why did you catch me? "Luo Zheng asked curiously. There was no panic on his face. Instead, he was calm and composed.
He didn't know why, but when the shopkeeper saw Luo Zheng's expression, he felt very unhappy. Every martial artist who had been caught by him had panicked. What did this brat mean by being so calm? The shopkeeper sneered, "Why are you asking so many questions when you're about to die?" Then he said to the servant, "Take him away!"
Several servants carried Luo Zheng and walked towards the back courtyard of the restaurant.
When Luo Zheng was carried to the back courtyard of the restaurant, he was surprised to find that there were more than 20 martial artists in the back courtyard!
They were from the Western Domain. Their eyes were sunken, and their clothes were completely different from those of the Central Domain. These martial artists were obviously from the Central Domain, but most of them were Xiantian life forms. There was only one Divine Reflection Realm martial artist. The number of dark golden ropes tied around the Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was twice as many as the others.
"Plop!" Luo Zheng was heavily thrown to the ground by those servants. These servants left the back courtyard without looking back. It seemed that they weren't worried that Luo Zheng could break free from the ropes and escape.
Luo Zheng had just struggled to sit up from the ground when he heard a martial artist whisper next to him, "Another pig was caught. Ai …"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and asked, "What do you mean?"
Just now, the shopkeeper had also said that he was catching a pig. What did he mean by treating people as pigs?
"Little brother, which Sect are you from?" That martial artist seemed to be mocking Luo Zheng's ignorance and asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and said immediately, "Cloud Hall."
Hearing Luo Zheng say the name of the Cloud Hall, the surrounding martial artists who were tied up suddenly changed their expressions, which were immediately replaced by looks of disbelief.
In the Central Domain, there were countless Sects of all sizes, especially second-grade Sects. There were probably no less than hundreds of them. There were even more third-grade Sects. However, there weren't many fourth-grade Sects. Moreover, the Cloud Hall was a top existence among fourth-grade Sects.
Therefore, the Cloud Hall had a very high status in the eyes of hundreds of millions of martial artists in the Central Domain. It was basically equivalent to the status of the Blue Cloud Sect in the Eastern Domain.
Obviously, these martial artists didn't believe Luo Zheng's self-introduction. Was this a joke? The disciples who could enter the Cloud Hall were the elites selected from the millions of martial artists. You, a Xiantian level expert, came from the Cloud Hall? Wasn't this a lie?
Luo Zheng saw this point, but he was too lazy to care about it. It was up to them to believe it or not, so he asked again, "You still haven't told me the meaning of catching a pig!"
"It means that we are all pigs and will be eaten by demon beasts. Can you stop asking?" That martial artist said impatiently. When the martial artists heard this, their expressions suddenly became gloomy. They knew that they would die soon, so no one was interested in explaining to Luo Zheng.
"Tell me why, and I will save you." Luo Zheng said indifferently.
That martial artist sneered and said with a crooked smile, "You? Xiantian fourth stage! Your cultivation is lower than mine, and you want to save me? Haha! "That martial artist was at the Xiantian seventh stage, so naturally, he looked down on Luo Zheng who was at the Xiantian fourth stage.
This black shop specialized in capturing Xiantian life forms. These ropes were infiltrated with Golden Geng Threads, and there was also a Zhen Yuan restriction on them. If a martial artist's Zhen Yuan was restricted, then they simply wouldn't be able to break free! There was also a Divine Realm martial artist tied up in this courtyard!
Who would have thought that just as that martial artist finished laughing, Luo Zheng's body suddenly issued a muffled sound, and one of the ropes was directly broken by Luo Zheng … ….
This special rope was certainly tough, but it couldn't withstand the power of Luo Zheng's dragon scales. Luo Zheng used the power of 100 dragon scales, and one of the ropes was directly broken!
Several martial artists saw this scene and were suddenly dumbfounded. How could this guy's physical strength be so terrifying? He didn't even need to use Zhen Yuan to break this rope!
Although they were surprised, they all saw a glimmer of hope for survival. These martial artists also understood that this was not the time to be arrogant, so they whispered to Luo Zheng, "If you can break this rope, then help us untie it!"
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would calmly say, "First, tell me, what is the meaning of feeding pigs?"
At this time, several martial artists rushed to answer, and one of them quickly said, "The news of Purple Thunder Bamboo appearing in Extreme Yin Mountain, do you know about it?"
"En," Luo Zheng nodded, he had come for this.
"Extreme Yin Mountain is very dangerous, and there are countless vicious beasts. In order to obtain the Purple Thunder Bamboo, some martial artists hired locals to capture us and use us as scouts. If we encounter a fierce vicious beast, we will naturally become pigs to feed the vicious beast!" The martial artist helplessly said.
Extreme Yin Mountain was rich in Purple Thunder Bamboo, and this Purple Thunder Bamboo grew in a very special environment. These Purple Thunder Bamboo often grew underground for dozens of years, or even dozens of years. When it was underground, it would grow very slowly, and in these dozens of years it would only grow a few inches long. But once it broke out of the ground, it would grow to several meters in a few weeks, or even ten meters in height.
Some Purple Thunder Bamboo would even grow underground for hundreds of years, or even thousands of years. Once this Purple Thunder Bamboo broke out of the ground, it would rapidly grow to dozens of meters in height! Once this thousand year Purple Thunder Bamboo was born, lightning would flash in the sky, creating a strange phenomenon!
The goal of these Xiantian mystic realm martial artists was not the thousand year Purple Thunder Bamboo. To these martial artists, if they could pick a few dozen year old Purple Thunder Bamboo, they would be very satisfied. So even though Extreme Yin Mountain was very dangerous, there were still many martial artists wandering around the foot of Extreme Yin Mountain, hoping to pick some Purple Thunder Bamboo.
Not long ago, a purple dragon shaped bolt of lightning had appeared in the sky, illuminating half the sky. Thus, many martial artists who were familiar with the Extreme Yin Mountain speculated that a Purple Thunder Bamboo that was at least a thousand years old had been born on the Extreme Yin Mountain! According to the power of the dragon shaped lightning in the sky, it might even be a ten thousand year old Purple Thunder Bamboo!
Because of the sudden appearance of the Purple Thunder Bamboo, some people came up with this vicious idea. They captured a portion of the martial artists and had them scout ahead. If they encountered any fierce beasts, these martial artists would be directly fed to the fierce beasts like pigs.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng finally understood the purpose of this black inn. Some people were too vicious for their own benefits. He shook his head, then opened the power of the dragon scale and spread out his arms.
"Pa pa pa …!"
All the ropes binding Luo Zheng's body broke at the same time, letting out a series of crisp sounds. Then, a broken flying knife quietly jumped out of his hand, cutting towards the dark golden ropes binding these martial artists.
Soon, the ropes binding the twenty or so martial artists in the courtyard were all untied.
The commotion alerted the people in the inn, and they heard a shout, "The martial artists in the backyard have escaped!"
"Escaped?" The only Divine Reflection Realm martial artist sneered, and the true essence in his body surged out, turning into sharp swords that shot towards the inn!
The rest of the Xiantian lifeforms followed suit.
The waiters and waiters in the inn weren't very strong, they were only at the Xiantian realm. They had only captured so many Xiantian lifeforms by using poison and other despicable methods.
However, they didn't expect Luo Zheng to not be afraid of poison. As for the dark golden ropes, they were completely useless against Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
With the joint attack of these Xiantian lifeforms, the entire inn collapsed.
"Damn it, I was careless, and was captured by these trash! What a disgrace! "
"Kill them all! As martial artists, how could they use such despicable methods?! "
Right at this moment, a few figures suddenly appeared in midair, and one of them let out a cry. "Eh? Why are all these pigs running away? Li Yan, what are your trash subordinates doing? "
Another man in the sky let out a cold snort. "Don't worry, none of them will be able to escape!"
All the martial artists in the backyard raised their heads, and their expressions immediately changed.
There were three Divine Core warriors standing in midair!
The only Divine Reflection Realm martial artist in the backyard was the first to react. He shouted out loudly, "Everyone, run in different directions!" After saying that, he leapt up into the air, trying to leave the place as quickly as possible. But, just as the Divine Reflection Realm martial artist jumped up, one of the Divine Core warriors waved his hand, causing a huge palm to appear in the sky and forcefully slap towards the Divine Reflection Realm martial artist.
"Puff!"
The Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was instantly turned into a cloud of blood mist by the slap!
When the slap landed, all the Xiantian lifeforms, including Luo Zheng, were frozen in place, not daring to move!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 417
In front of three Divine Core warriors, who dared to move?
Perhaps their fate would be the same as that Divine Reflection warrior, they would be smashed into a bloody mist!
Even Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest chance of escaping from these three people! Luo Zheng's expression didn't change, but he furrowed his brows. This was bad.
"All of you, stay where you are and don't move, or else you'll die!" A Divine Core warrior stared at the crowd with an indifferent expression.
Not long after that, a large group of people appeared on the path leading to the town. There were more than a thousand of them! Most of these warriors were at the Xiantian realm, and they were all wearing different outfits. However, the most distinctive thing about them was that they were all tied up by dark golden ropes, and they were all tied up together. There was no way for these men to escape!
They had captured so many men! Were they really going to the Extreme Yin Mountain to harvest Purple Lightning Bamboo?
When this large group of men slowly arrived, there were still many warriors on both sides of the path. They picked up the dark golden ropes and threw them at Luo Zheng and the other men.
In front of three Divine Core warriors, who dared to resist?
Luo Zheng obediently put on the ropes, then he was led into the large group of men.
Luo Zheng was puzzled. Even if they were going to harvest Purple Lightning Bamboo, they would need warriors to explore the path with their lives, but why did they need so many men? What were these Divine Core warriors trying to do?
Right at this moment, a young man wearing purple clothes arrived. He looked to be in his late twenties, and he was a Divine Core warrior as well, a Late Divine Core warrior!
The three Divine Core warriors bowed toward the young man in purple. "Greetings, young master!"
The young man in purple nodded his head. "Have we gathered enough heads?"
"Young master, we have a total of 1,036 heads!" The Divine Core warrior replied.
"En, not bad, you've gathered so many heads in such a short period of time. When we return to the sect, I'll give you a great merit!" The young man in purple said with a faint smile.
"Thank you, young master!" A happy expression emerged on the Divine Core warrior's face.
On the other hand, the other two Divine Core warriors were instructing the warriors below them. They were trying to keep the thousands of warriors who had been treated like 'pigs' in formation as they marched forward.
Luo Zheng's brows were tightly knitted as he stood in the middle of the group.
Two Early Divine Core experts, one Mid Divine Core expert, and that so-called young master was actually a Late Divine Core expert! What were they trying to do by capturing so many people up the Ji Yin Mountain? No matter what it was, it was definitely not something good.
How could he escape? Even if he had the ability to break free from the dark golden rope, what would happen after that? With his current strength, there was no way he could escape from a Divine Core warrior!
The team of over a thousand people was tied together, so their speed was not fast. After walking for half a day, they finally saw a black mountain in the distance. This mountain looked like a sleeping elephant. This was the Extreme Yin Mountain.
When they arrived at the foot of the Extreme Yin Mountain, the purple-clothed young man suddenly took out a dragon shaped jade pendant from his hand. He raised it up high and waved it around the Extreme Yin Mountain. After that, he decided on a direction and started walking towards it.
Luo Zheng didn't recognize the Dragon Shaped Jade Pendant, but right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a violent tremor in his mind.
"En? What's going on? "Luo Zheng could feel that the tremor came from deep within his mind. Could it be Qinglong? He asked in his mind, "What's going on?"
After a brief moment, Qinglong let out a chuckle.
Luo Zheng said gloomily, "We're in big trouble, how can you still laugh?!" If he couldn't escape from this place, he would most likely die here.
"Big trouble? I don't think so, I think it's a great opportunity! "Qinglong said with a faint smile.
Opportunity? Luo Zheng was puzzled. Even if there really was an opportunity, how was he going to take it away in front of these Divine Core warriors? Therefore, Luo Zheng said, "Tell me more clearly!"
Luo Zheng knew very well what Qinglong's vision was like. In the world he lived in, Qinglong didn't care about anything at all! It was as if there was nothing he cared about. Whether it was Luo Zheng's' Perfect Brush Strokes', 'Perfect Sword Intent', or all the treasures he obtained, they were all trash in Qinglong's eyes.
If even Qinglong said it was a great opportunity, how could it be a small opportunity?
"Hehe, speaking of which, this opportunity is actually related to me! Don't even think about running away. If that guy really finds that place, I have the confidence to help you break through to the Divine Reflection realm! "Qinglong said with an indifferent tone." I think I know what that guy is trying to do. "
Break through to the Divine Reflection realm! Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng became even more curious. He just couldn't understand what was happening in front of him. What was the young lord's goal for entering the Extreme Yin Mountain?
It was completely different from what Luo Zheng had imagined. The few Divine Core warriors didn't plan to let these Xiantian Realm warriors lead the way. The two Early Divine Core warriors led the way, and whenever they encountered any ferocious beasts, they would kill them. With this, the group of over a thousand men wouldn't be disturbed.
The ferocious beasts in the Extreme Yin Mountain were very strong, but the ferocious beasts at the foot of the mountain and halfway up the mountain were nothing in front of these Divine Core warriors.
The young lord would take out the dragon-shaped jade pendant in his hand and inspect it. After that, he would instruct the group to continue moving forward. Judging from the direction they were heading, his goal wasn't the Extreme Yin Mountain!
"Qinglong, what is our destination? Tell me first! "Luo Zheng asked again.
Qinglong just smiled and didn't answer his question. He only said, "You'll know when we get there! Like I said, if you're lucky enough to enter that place, I'll guarantee that you'll break through to the Divine Reflection realm. Not only that, I'll also give you some other great benefits! "
Since Qinglong didn't want to tell him, Luo Zheng didn't ask any further. Qinglong, the other eight dragons, and the mysterious cauldron were connected to him in his mind, and he believed that it wouldn't harm him.
As they walked along the winding mountain path, they walked for more than two hours. At this time, a concave mountain stream suddenly appeared in front of them. And in the center of the mountain stream, there was actually a tower of light that seemed to be illusory!
The tower was about 30 meters tall, and it was covered in a strange light. On top of the tower, there was a huge creature, a Winged Dragon!
The Winged Dragon had a pair of wings, sharp teeth, a bulging forehead, and four strong limbs. It was sitting on top of the tower, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws.
"I've finally found it! When others see this natural phenomenon, they think it's the birth of the Purple Lightning Bamboo, but it's actually the birth of the Rising Dragon Platform! This time, I'll definitely get what I want! Hahaha! "The purple-clothed young man's eyes flickered with a strange light.
The few Divine Core warriors congratulated him as well, "Congratulations young master, you've actually found the Rising Dragon Platform!"
Perhaps it had heard the purple-clothed young man's wild laughter, the Winged Dragon on top of the tower stretched its neck and let out a loud roar.
"Roar!"
Hearing the loud roar, the thousands of Xiantian realm warriors were so scared that they knelt down with pale faces.
"Drive them away! Let's fill the Winged Dragon's stomach! "The purple-clothed young man waved his hand and ordered.
The surrounding warriors were waving the whips in their hands and scolding at the same time, trying to drive Luo Zheng and his men away. However, the group of over a thousand warriors didn't move at all!
Since they were going to die anyway, who would be willing to be buried in the dragon's mouth?
Some Xiantian realm warriors even straightened their necks and scolded. "Kill me if you can! I'd rather die than fill the stomach of this bastard!"
"I don't care if I die, it's better than letting you get away with it!"
At this time, the two early Divine Core warriors finally made their move. They rushed over, grabbed a few warriors, and threw them down into the valley as if they were sacks. They slid down the slope of the mountain stream, but before they could reach the bottom, the Winged Dragon stretched out its long neck and bit towards the warriors. The warriors didn't even have time to scream before they were swallowed by the Winged Dragon in a single gulp.
Witnessing this scene, the faces of all the warriors turned pale! Previously, they were hoping that the Winged Dragon wouldn't eat them, but it was eating them so cleanly!
The Xiantian life forms at the edge of the mountain stream were tossed down one by one by the two early Radiant God powerhouses. As for that fierce looking Winged Dragon, it didn't refuse anyone. Every martial artist it tossed down was swallowed whole!

Chapter 418
"Jump down, then run towards the entrance of the Rising Dragon Arena. I'll take care of the rest." Qinglong said in an indifferent manner.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng calmed down a little. A super mighty Divine Beast like Qinglong wouldn't do something he wasn't confident in.
One by one, the Xiantian warriors were thrown down. Soon, it was Luo Zheng's turn. The two Divine Core warriors grabbed Luo Zheng and threw him down into the mountain stream.
Luo Zheng slid down the slope of the mountain stream. The Flying Winged Dragon on the Rising Dragon Arena kept growing larger in Luo Zheng's eyes. The Flying Winged Dragon stretched its neck and tried to bite Luo Zheng.
"Qinglong!"
Luo Zheng instantly broke free from the rope. Although he knew he was no match for the Flying Winged Dragon, and he needed to rely on Qinglong, he still had his guard up.
"What?"
When the young lord who was watching from the top of the mountain stream saw Luo Zheng break the rope with just his physical strength, a surprised expression emerged on his face. But soon, a faint smile appeared on his face. In his mind, Luo Zheng was just a hopping grasshopper, and in the end, he wouldn't be able to escape and become the Flying Winged Dragon's food.
Right when the Flying Winged Dragon's mouth was about to reach Luo Zheng, Qinglong suddenly let out a powerful dragon roar in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Roar!"
The roar of a True Dragon echoed throughout the entire mountain stream.
The ferocious Flying Winged Dragon in front of Luo Zheng retracted its head like a frightened rabbit. It sat on the Rising Dragon Arena and stared at Luo Zheng with its huge dragon eyes. Its eyes were filled with fear and doubt.
The Flying Winged Dragon was an evolved Flood Dragon, and it couldn't be considered a Divine Beast. However, Qinglong was a True Dragon, a super mighty Divine Beast! The Flying Winged Dragon's fear of Qinglong was innate, and it came from its bloodline.
The expressions of the few Divine Core warriors on top of the mountain stream changed dramatically. This was especially so for the Young Master. With a flash of his body, he looked like he was about to rush down from the top of the mountain stream. However, when he saw Ying Long on the Rising Dragon Platform, he gave up on that idea!
This Winged Dragon wasn't something a Divine Core warrior could deal with.
"This brat … Why did he release such a powerful dragon roar? What secrets does his body hold? " The Young Master looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression, "Even if you escaped the Winged Dragon's attack, do you have the ability to enter the Rising Dragon Arena?" The young master subconsciously gripped the dragon-shaped jade pendant in his hand. This jade pendant was the most precious treasure of his clan. It had been kept in his home for so many years, waiting for the Rising Dragon Platform to appear. Without this jade pendant, there was no way to open the door to the Rising Dragon Platform!
Luo Zheng was falling at an extremely fast speed. While he was falling, he was constantly stepping on the walls of the mountain stream. Almost in the blink of an eye, he had already reached the bottom. Both of his feet had stepped into the soft soil to a depth of one foot! Right after he landed on the ground, he immediately started flying towards the Rising Dragon Platform.
Although Qinglong's dragon roar had frightened the Winged Dragon, Qinglong didn't have a physical body. If the Winged Dragon reacted, Luo Zheng would still be in trouble.
"The door is closed!" Luo Zheng continued flying towards the Rising Dragon Platform's door. At the same time, he told Qinglong.
"Don't worry, just get closer!" Qinglong said in a calm manner.
Right when Luo Zheng approached the door, Qinglong stretched out a thread of his soul and inserted it into a round mark on the door. Right when Qinglong's soul touched the mark, a creaking sound could be heard from the door. The door was actually opened!
"Enter!" Qinglong said.
Without needing Qinglong's order, Luo Zheng's figure instantly flew into the Rising Dragon Platform's door. After that, the door shut with a bang.
Witnessing this, the Young Master and all the other Divine Core warriors were dumbfounded.
"This, this guy … how did he get in …?"
The Young Master couldn't understand how Luo Zheng had managed to enter the Rising Dragon Platform without his family's precious treasure! He lowered his head and looked at the Dragon Element Jade Pendant that he was holding in his hand like a precious treasure.
Originally, according to his plan, after feeding the Winged Dragon, he would wait for a chance to enter the Rising Dragon Platform. But, he never expected that among those 'pigs' he caught, a Xiantian realm warrior would be the first one to enter the platform! This made the Young Master feel extremely unbalanced. He clenched his teeth and said, "Hurry up, throw all these pigs away!"
Right after the Rising Dragon Platform's door closed, Luo Zheng felt like he had arrived in a strange space. Within the Rising Dragon Platform, faint white lights could be seen blinking everywhere. In the center of this space, there was a flight of stairs.
"Qinglong, this is clearly a tower, why is it called the Rising Dragon Platform?" Luo Zheng asked. He was currently on the first floor of this tower.
Qinglong let out a mischievous laugh and said, "You'll know once you climb up, I'm sure you'll get plenty of benefits!"
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. Since he had accidentally entered this place, he had no choice but to bite the bullet and climb up. After passing through the first flight of stairs, Luo Zheng easily climbed up to the second floor.
The scenery on the second floor was completely different from the first floor. On the walls of the second floor, there were numerous dragon reliefs. These dragon reliefs were baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, and they looked extremely lifelike. Luo Zheng stared at the dragons on the reliefs. Suddenly, he felt the scenery around him change.
Right now, Luo Zheng felt like he was standing on a huge ice surface. When Luo Zheng lowered his head, he could even see his own reflection on the ice surface. The surrounding was extremely cold, and everything seemed so real.
"An illusion formation?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
"Break through it, you have to climb to the top of the Rising Dragon Platform! If you fail, you'll be ejected from the platform! "Qinglong said in a serious manner. It seemed like he was taking Luo Zheng's trip to the Rising Dragon Platform very seriously.
If he was really ejected from the platform, Luo Zheng would either have to face the powerful Winged Dragon, or those few Divine Core warriors. The situation would be very bad for him.
Right when Luo Zheng nodded his head, the vast ice layer suddenly started cracking, as if some gigantic creature was hammering at the bottom of the ice layer. Soon, cracks started appearing on the ice layer.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
When these cracks were completely destroyed, something suddenly jumped up from the bottom of the ice layer. Each of these gigantic creatures was nearly 30 to 40 meters tall, and there were two sharp fangs protruding from their mouths.
"Ferocious Polar Beasts!" Looking at these gigantic creatures, Luo Zheng's expression darkened, but it was quickly replaced by a calm expression.
When these gigantic creatures jumped out from the bottom of the ice layer, they all revealed ferocious expressions as they dashed toward Luo Zheng.
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng drew out his Bloodthirsty Sword and charged toward these ferocious Polar Beasts.
These ferocious Polar Beasts were extremely strong, but they were a little slow. Luo Zheng dashed forward like a shuttle. Luo Zheng dashed toward one of the ferocious Polar Beasts, and when he got close to it, he struck with his Bloodthirsty Sword.
"Thrusting Sword!"
"Pop!"
The longsword pierced through its body, but Luo Zheng didn't stop moving. When he passed by the ferocious Polar Beast, he left a long and narrow wound on its stomach. After that, he dashed toward the next ferocious Polar Beast.
"Eh? What's going on … "
Luo Zheng thought the ferocious Polar Beast he killed would turn into bright spots and disappear in the illusion formation. But, this ferocious Polar Beast kept bleeding, and after letting out a few howls, it laid down on the ground. Its corpse didn't disappear!
"This isn't an illusion formation! Is this the real world? " Luo Zheng's face was full of surprise. He thought this was an illusion formation used for cultivation, but he was clearly in the Rising Dragon Arena just now. If it wasn't an illusion formation, where was this place?
"Hehe, you can say that. I said this is a divine rune formation. It's not something you can understand. You just need to kill your way up layer by layer!" Qinglong said with a smile.
When the ferocious Polar Beast fell to the ground, a mass of evil energy floated out of its body and rushed toward Luo Zheng. This evil energy came from a living creature's curse. Luo Zheng was even more certain that this was a real world!
Just as the mass of evil energy rushed over, a small yellow light spot shot out of the ferocious Polar Beast's body and flew toward Luo Zheng. It instantly entered Luo Zheng's Dantian.
"What's this?" Looking at the yellow light spot, Luo Zheng's face was full of doubts. But obviously, there was no time for Luo Zheng to be puzzled. Three more ferocious Polar Beasts pounced on Luo Zheng from the side.
Luo Zheng kept moving between these behemoths. Every time he moved, the [Bloodthirst Sword] in his hand would drink blood. The surging sword intent cut these ferocious Polar Beasts into various shapes. Soon, the ferocious Polar Beasts on the ice layer were piled up like a small mountain.
As Luo Zheng kept slaughtering these ferocious Polar Beasts, wisps of evil energy flowed toward Luo Zheng's body. The yellow light spots were constantly entering Luo Zheng's Dantian.

Chapter 419
When the feeling of fullness appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the True Yuan in his Dantian start spinning, and the True Yuan stored in his Dantian started spreading outwards. It wasn't under Luo Zheng's control at all!
"This is!" Luo Zheng was overjoyed. He had broken through to the fifth level of the Xiantian realm!
Was this because of the yellow light?
"Hehe, do you understand now, kid?" Cang Long's voice sounded out at an untimely moment. "This is the Light of Fortune from the True Dragon clan, it has a miraculous effect on warriors with a lower cultivation base."
What Luo Zheng needed the most right now was to improve his cultivation base. Although his cultivation speed wasn't slow in the Cloud Hall, it was still too slow for Luo Zheng!
Until now, he still hadn't received any news from Luo Yan! How could Luo Zheng not feel anxious when facing the Eastern Heretic King who possessed an unfathomable strength? Increasing his cultivation and overall strength was Luo Zheng's most urgent need right now. Although he had gained a lot during his journey as a cultivator, his cultivation base hadn't improved by much!
"This Light of Fortune is so heaven-defying! That Late Divine Core guy is going to break through to the Divine Core realm soon? "Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong coldly harrumphed. "In your dreams! This Light of Fortune is only effective on those below the Divine Core realm, it has no effect on Divine Core warriors! The biggest reason is that this Rising Dragon Arena has just been born, and it has been accumulating for thousands of years. There is a huge amount of Light of Fortune here, and after you looted it, there are only a few left! "
Every time the Rising Dragon Arena was used, it would take a period of time for it to produce a new Light of Fortune. But this time, it had been looted by Luo Zheng. If it were any other warriors, even if they passed the second stage, they would only be able to obtain two or three Light of Fortune. No one was like Luo Zheng, who had obtained so many Light of Fortune in one go!
Without a doubt, Luo Zheng had picked up a huge opportunity this time. This was also the reason why Qinglong insisted that Luo Zheng stay here.
"I understand now!" Luo Zheng's face was brimming with radiance. If he could climb all the way to the top of the Rising Dragon Arena, he might really be able to break through to the Divine Illumination Stage! This kind of cultivation speed was simply unheard of. It was simply too shocking!
As Luo Zheng's Dantian stopped rotating, the environment of the Divine Rune Array also slowly dissipated. Just like that, he passed through the second layer.
Luo Zheng didn't stop. He strode towards the stairs leading to the third floor. Just as Luo Zheng reached the third floor, he suddenly heard the sound of the door opening and closing!
"Oh no, someone came in!" Luo Zheng's expression changed. It was most likely that the Young Master had fed the Winged Dragon and entered the Rising Dragon Arena.
"There's no rush. Just climb up at your own pace," Qinglong said calmly.
Luo Zheng strode onto the stairs leading to the third floor, then he asked again, "But, I don't think my climbing speed is as fast as his."
It took Luo Zheng the time it took for an incense stick to burn to kill all those ferocious beasts. But, if it was a Divine Core warrior, perhaps it would only take him a few breaths of time to kill all those ferocious beasts, then he would be able to catch up to Luo Zheng.
"Haha, the Divine Rune Array in this Rising Dragon Arena is set up according to the strength of the person who climbs the Rising Dragon Arena. He is a Late Divine Core warrior, so the ferocious beasts he will encounter will be many times stronger than the ones you've encountered. Therefore, you don't have to worry about him being faster than you!" Qinglong said with a smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally felt relieved. But, at the same time, he had a new question, "Since the Light of Creation in this Rising Dragon Arena can't help him improve his cultivation, why is he still climbing the Rising Dragon Arena?"
"You'll know the reason when you reach the top of the Rising Dragon Arena!" Qinglong kept Luo Zheng guessing.
After stepping onto the third floor of the Rising Dragon Arena, the surrounding became blurry, and Luo Zheng felt as if the sky and earth were spinning. In the next moment, he found himself in a dense forest. Within this dense forest, there were numerous huge golden pythons coiling around the trees. When these huge golden pythons noticed Luo Zheng, they immediately leaped towards Luo Zheng.
With a smile on his face, Luo Zheng waved his Bloodthirsty Sword and dashed towards the incoming golden pythons. In Luo Zheng's eyes, these huge golden pythons were tiny dots of Light of Creation, threads of murderous aura!
While Luo Zheng was fighting with these huge golden pythons, something unexpected happened outside the Rising Dragon Arena.
Outside the Rising Dragon Arena, the Winged Dragon who had eaten its fill was lazily resting on top of the pagoda. It was coldly gazing at three Divine Core warriors not far away from it. After these three Divine Core warriors brought their young master into the pagoda, they obediently waited outside. However, when faced with a ferocious looking Winged Dragon, even these three Divine Core warriors felt nervous. Therefore, they kept their distance from the Winged Dragon.
Right at this moment, a dazzling galaxy suddenly appeared in the sky, illuminating almost half of the sky. The few Divine Core warriors raised their heads and looked into the sky. What they saw was a few horses galloping in the sky, dragging a carriage behind them as they flew towards the pagoda!
The carriage left behind countless sparkling lights as it flew through the sky, as if the carriage was traveling through the galaxy.
When these Divine Core warriors saw the carriage flying through the sky, their expressions immediately changed.
"Damn it! The others have discovered the Rising Dragon Arena as well! "
"That carriage … it's Madame Poison Blood from the Blood Wood Cliff! What should we do? She's here! "
"What can we do? She's an old monster at the False Tribulation realm, what can we do? Luckily, young master has already entered the pagoda, if not, I'm afraid our young master won't be able to get any benefits from the Rising Dragon Arena! "
Not long after that, the carriage arrived above the mountain stream, then it stopped in midair. A beautiful woman with a graceful body walked out from the carriage. She looked extremely coquettish, and every movement she made made her look like a ripe apple.
This woman was Madam Poison Blood from the Blood Wood Cliff, an existence who had surpassed the Divine Core realm, and was one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain!
Madam Poison Blood threw an indifferent glance at the Rising Dragon Arena, then with a soft laugh, she said, "Interesting, I knew there would be strange phenomena in the Western Region, and it wouldn't be something as simple as the Purple Lightning Bamboo. I never thought I would make the right choice, the Rising Dragon Arena has appeared!"
After saying that, Madam Poison Blood turned to the three Divine Core warriors, then she beckoned them with her finger. "You three, come over here."
When the three Divine Core warriors heard Madam Poison Blood's words, their scalps immediately went numb. Although they didn't want to, although Madam Poison Blood had a beautiful appearance, she was cruel and cruel. How could they not come?
"You're from the Ghost King Xue family?" Madam Poison Blood asked with a gentle voice.
"Yes, madam!" One of the Divine Core warriors replied. The Ghost King Xue family was a third grade power, and although there was only a difference of one grade between a third grade power and a fourth grade power, the gap between them was huge!
Madam Poison Blood nodded her head and said with a smile, "Looks like your young master has entered the arena? I've heard that the Ghost King Xue family possesses the bloodline of the dragon race, and it looks like the rumors are true! "
"Our young master has indeed entered the Rising Dragon Arena." One of the Divine Core warriors said. "The Rising Dragon Arena can only be opened with the help of our young master's dragon-shaped jade pendant. Therefore, the Rising Dragon Arena belongs to the Ghost King Xue family …"
Before the Divine Core warrior could finish his words, Madam Poison Blood flipped her hand, and a dragon-shaped jade pendant appeared in her palm. "Are you talking about this dragon-shaped jade pendant? I have one as well! Looks like this Rising Dragon Platform should belong to my Blood Wood Cliff! "
After saying that, Madam Poison Blood threw an indifferent glance at the Winged Dragon. Although this Winged Dragon was a little troublesome to deal with, it wasn't difficult for Madam Poison Blood to drive it away.
"Madame Poison Blood …" The Mid Divine Core warrior didn't want to give up, but Madame Poison Blood simply threw an indifferent glance at him, causing him to shut his mouth obediently. In the world of warriors, only those with strength would have the right to speak. If you didn't have strength, you were nothing!
The Rising Dragon Arena was a very useful treasure, no matter to a sect or a family! Every once in a while, the Light of Fortune would be produced from the tower, and it was very helpful to the disciples of the sect! Although Luo Zheng had taken away a large amount of the Light of Fortune because he was the first to arrive, it would only take a certain amount of time for the Light of Fortune to regenerate!
Right now, the Winged Dragon was crouching on the Rising Dragon Arena, staring at Madam Poison Blood with its dragon eyes. This was the first time it felt threatened since the Rising Dragon Arena appeared.
However, just as Madam Poison Blood was thinking about how to take away the Rising Dragon Arena, the cawing of crows suddenly sounded out from the sky. A large flock of crows was flying towards the arena, covering the entire sky.
When she saw the flock of crows, Madam Poison Blood's expression immediately darkened. With a cold voice, she said, "That old fool Black Crow, he always comes here to join in the fun!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 420
These crows were flying at an incredible speed. They were just flying in the sky a moment ago, but in just the blink of an eye, they had arrived above the mountain stream.
"Hahaha, Madame Poison Blood, it looks like someone has arrived before you!" A man wearing a black ghost mask was standing on top of the crows. No one could tell his age, but since Madame Poison Blood called him an old man, he must have lived for a long time.
"So what? I found the Rising Dragon Platform before you, first come, first serve, this Rising Dragon Platform belongs to me! "Madame Poison Blood said with a cold voice.
Black Crow let out a laugh. "Madame Poison Blood, you're one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain, since when are you talking about first come first serve?"
"Even if first come first serve, do you think I'm afraid of Black Crow?" Madame Poison Blood said with a cold voice.
When the three Divine Core warriors from the Ghost King Xue family heard the conversation between these two mighty figures, they immediately sighed in their minds. It seemed like the Xue family wouldn't be able to get a share of the Rising Dragon Platform, and they could only hope that their young master would be able to find a fortuitous encounter in the Rising Dragon Platform!
Just as Madame Poison Blood and Black Crow were arguing, another dragon roar suddenly sounded out from the sky not far away!
"Roar, roar roar!"
A gigantic Flood Dragon actually coiled around and flew towards them.
"A Flood Dragon?" Madame Poison Blood's expression changed.
"No, I can't sense any life force from this Flood Dragon, it looks like a Flood Dragon puppet!" Black Crow was wearing a mask, so no one could see his expression.
When the Winged Dragon on the Rising Dragon Platform heard the Flood Dragon's roar, it immediately let out a dragon roar as well! There seemed to be some unwillingness in this roar. It seemed that there were too many experts today. Even a creature as strong as the Winged Dragon was nervous.
When the Flood Dragon got closer, it opened its mouth, and three people walked out from it. The leader was the current Palace Master of the Cloud Hall, Xiao Die.
After a month of secluded cultivation, Xiao Die's temperament had undergone a qualitative change. She had broken through to the Divine Core realm from the Divine Reflection realm! Xiao Die had dispersed her cultivation nine times, and every time she cultivated again, there would be no bottleneck. Therefore, her cultivation speed was incredibly fast, and in just one month, she had broken through to the Divine Core realm from the Divine Reflection realm!
"The Cloud Hall's name! Ning Yudie! This flood dragon puppet … where did you get it? "Black Crow asked.
Madam Poison Blood also looked envious. As the Sect Master of a fourth-grade sect, they naturally knew the importance of this flood dragon puppet. If there was a war between sects, this flood dragon puppet could often turn the tide of the battle. It was a strategic weapon!
Ning Yudie giggled. "I'm not telling you! Unless you give me the Rising Dragon Platform! "
Of course, it was impossible for them to give up the Rising Dragon Platform. Everyone present was a Sect Master of a Fourth Grade Sect, and the Rising Dragon Platform was something they must obtain. However, as soon as Ning Yudie spoke, Black Crow and Lady Poison Blood felt pressured.
They didn't dare treat Ning Yudie as a Divine Core warrior. They knew how powerful the Heart Sutra of Empyrean Fairy was, and once Ning Yudie recovered her cultivation, she would be stronger than both of them. Besides, there was an old monster guarding the Cloud Hall!
But, it was impossible for Ning Yudie to take the Rising Dragon Platform away with just a few words. They would have to wait and see how they would compromise.
Just as the people of the Cloud Hall arrived, a huge ship swooped down from the horizon. The ship's trajectory was strange, as if it was constantly teleporting, jumping from one dimension to another.
Ning Yudie pouted. "I knew those guys from the Void Spirit Sect would come and get involved!"
After the ship stopped, seven men flew down from it. These seven men were wearing green clothes, and their appearance, mannerisms, and expressions were exactly the same. They were the Void Spirit Sect's Seven Disciples!
"The Void Spirit Sect's old Sect Master didn't come, but the Void Spirit Sect sent the Seven Disciples instead." Black Crow sighed.
The Void Spirit Sect's Seven Disciples were twins, and they had telepathy with each other. Although Black Crow could deal with any one of them alone, when the seven of them formed a Void Spirit Formation, Black Crow was no match for them.
After the Void Spirit Sect's Seven Disciples came down from the ship, they bowed to Ning Yudie, Black Crow, and Madam Poison Blood. They were very polite! As the only fifth-grade sect in the Central Domain, the Void Spirit Sect was very humble and low-key.
The seven of them stood neatly on the side and didn't say anything. But the Void Spirit Sect's appearance was naturally for the Rising Dragon Platform! The Void Spirit Sect, which had the strongest strength, didn't need to say much.
"It's just a Rising Dragon Platform. Their noses are so sensitive …" Black Crow rubbed his masked nose and said gloomily.
"What do you mean it's just a Rising Dragon Platform? Then what are you doing here, Black Crow? You might as well quit! "Madam Poison Blood choked.
"Why should I quit? Why don't we fight first?" Black Crow said coldly.
Madam Poison Blood stared at Black Crow and said, "Black Crow, you want to start a sect war?"
There were many sects and countless countries in the Central Domain, but most of the sects were above those countries. If a sect war broke out, it was even more terrifying than a war between countries! People were often plunged into misery and suffering, and blood flowed like rivers!
The Central Domain had experienced chaotic times before, but with the emergence of several fourth-grade sects and the Void Spirit Sect, the situation in the Central Domain was becoming more and more stable.
Madam Poison Blood's words made Black Crow choke. In fact, the four major sects were also chasing after the Void Spirit Sect. Just like the rise of the Cloud Hall, with Ning Yudie completing the last layer of the "Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra", it was very likely that she would lead the Cloud Hall to become a fifth-grade sect!
Therefore, although these forces in the Central Domain looked very stable, they were actually in a delicate balance. Once this balance was broken, a sect war was inevitable.
Soon, even the people from the Mysterious Yin Mansion arrived …
In the end, it was Ning Yudie who smiled sweetly. "It seems that we have to sit down and have a good talk!"
Luo Zheng was completely unaware of the changes happening outside. At this moment, he was simply bursting with joy. In the Rising Dragon Arena, Luo Zheng fought on level after level, constantly absorbing the Light of Good Fortune and Evil Qi.
The Rising Dragon Arena had just appeared, and the Light of Good Fortune that had been accumulated for thousands of years gradually converged into Luo Zheng's dantian, filling it up and making Luo Zheng's cultivation soar. When he was on the fourth level of the Rising Dragon Arena, he had already stepped into the Xiantian ninth stage, only one step away from Xiantian Full Circle!
All along, Luo Zheng's foundation had been incomparably solid. It was precisely because his foundation was far more solid than that of ordinary cultivators that his cultivation speed could not keep up with that of other cultivators. However, once he erupted, his cultivation speed was many times faster than other cultivators!
Ever since he stepped onto the martial path, Luo Zheng had never been so satisfied and carefree.
However, as he climbed up the Rising Dragon Arena, the difficulty of each level also increased.
On the fourth level, Luo Zheng was still able to use Blooddrinker to deal with it. But on the fifth level, his opponent was an army of cavalry, densely packed with thousands of people.
Facing this army of cavalry, Luo Zheng's Blooddrinker alone was already difficult to deal with, so he had no choice but to use Yao Ye. Yao Ye brandished his giant sword as if it was made for slaughter. Every time he swung his sword, a large number of people would be cut in half or turned into meat patties.
At the same time, strands of Evil Qi and Light of Good Fortune rapidly gathered around Luo Zheng's body!
"Fifth level, pass!"
Without even thinking, Luo Zheng directly rushed to the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Arena.
When Luo Zheng reached the sixth level, he found that it was empty. The divine rune array on the sixth level had not been activated.
"Is this the top level?" Luo Zheng was somewhat unsatisfied. He was now at the Xiantian Full Circle realm, only a sliver away from stepping into the Illuminating Spirit realm!
"Hehe, we've finally reached the top." Qinglong, who had been silent all this time, finally opened his mouth.
Luo Zheng glanced around and saw a circular divine rune on the wall above the top level. He then asked, "You still haven't told me, what's the point of reaching the top level?"
That late stage Divine Core young master was still chasing after him. If there was no way out, one could imagine what would happen to him!
"Do as I say, get close to that circular divine rune!" Qinglong instructed.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked towards the wall, standing under the circular divine rune.

Chapter 421
When the light enveloped him, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a series of footsteps behind him. It turned out that the late Divine Core young master had rushed up to the sixth floor!
However, under the illumination of the light, Luo Zheng felt as if every part of his body had turned into ashes, becoming small and independent particles. His figure was constantly fading, like a puff of smoke slowly dissipating.
"You!" The young master of the Xue family had been planning for a long time, but Luo Zheng had beaten him to it. He had been chasing after him bitterly, but he was always one step behind. Seeing Luo Zheng give him a bright smile, his figure slowly disappeared into the light.
Just before Luo Zheng disappeared, Qinglong directly sent out a wisp of his soul and quietly changed the pattern of the round divine rune!
The moment Luo Zheng disappeared, a white light suddenly appeared at the top of the Rising Dragon Arena and shot straight up into the sky. This light penetrated the thick clouds, pierced through the fierce astral winds, and passed through the dense spatial cracks before finally dissipating into the horizon!
"Eh! The young master of the Xue family has been teleported away! "Madam Poison Blood's eyes shone brightly as she looked at the Rising Dragon Arena with a fiery gaze.
According to legend, the Rising Dragon Arena was actually a transmission point built by the True Dragon Clan in hundreds of millions of worlds! Through this transmission point, one could directly enter the Upper Realm! It seemed that the rumor was true!
In the Upper Realm where Luo Zheng was, due to some special reasons, no one could ascend. Even after passing the Nine Void Lightning Tribulation, they still couldn't ascend! For tens of thousands of years, no one had been able to ascend!
However, no one knew the reason for this.
The reason why the Rising Dragon Arena was valued by the Fourth and Fifth Grade Sects was that it could help their disciples improve their cultivation! The Light of Creation of the True Dragon Clan was even more heaven-defying than those cultivation enhancing pills, and it didn't have any side effects!
Another reason was that the Rising Dragon Arena could be used as a path to the Upper Realm. Through the True Dragon World, one could step into the Upper Realm! Many top experts could pass the Nine Void Lightning Tribulation, but their cultivation couldn't make any further breakthroughs. Even if their lifespan was increased by thousands of years, they would eventually die of depression, turning into dust and drowning in the long river of history …
Lifespan was a threshold that humans could never cross. Only by ascending to the Upper Realm could one pursue a higher level of life. Almost all cultivators couldn't ignore this temptation.
Just now, Madam Poison Blood already knew that the Xue Family's Young Lord had entered the Rising Dragon Arena, so when she saw the white light shooting up into the sky, she thought it was the Xue Family's Young Lord who had been teleported away. Little did she know that the Xue Family's Young Lord was feeling depressed on the sixth floor!
"Strange, what's wrong of it?" The young master of the Xue Family had already placed the Dragon Jade Pendant beside the circular rune, but the rune simply could not be activated!
"That kid was clearly teleported away, and he didn't even have a dragon-shaped jade pendant! ........... Luo of Creation's face was full of depression. Naturally, he didn't know that the moment Luo Zheng left, Qinglong had quietly changed the divine pattern a little.
After pondering for a while, Luo of Creation pulled the dragon-shaped jade out of the slanted wall. The moment he pulled it out, the circular divine pattern bloomed with light again.
"It's done!" Luo of Creation's face lit up with joy. He hurriedly entered the light, and soon his figure became blurry. His whole person turned into a faint shadow and disappeared.
Ning Yudie and the others saw the light on the top of the Rising Dragon Arena light up again, and their faces showed a strange expression. Didn't one person just teleport away? Why was there another light now?
Only the three Core Formation warriors from the Xue family had joyful expressions on their faces. It looked like their young master had succeeded as well! The three of them clearly knew that the first light was from the strange young man who had entered the Rising Dragon Arena, not their young master. They were worried at first, but when they saw the light on the top of the arena, they felt relieved. Even if they couldn't get the Rising Dragon Arena, it was still a good thing for them to send their young master to the Upper Realm. As long as their young master broke through to the Void Tribulation realm, he might be able to bring the Xue family from the Third Grade to the Fourth Grade!
Suddenly, the light on the top of the Rising Dragon Arena flickered, and a man was shot out from the light. The man was in a sorry state, and after tumbling in the air for a while, he finally stabilized himself and looked around. "Where am I?!"
"Young, young master …" A Divine Core warrior from the Xue family shouted out.
Only now did the young master realize that his teleportation had failed. After putting in so much effort, he finally realized that he had been tricked by that young man. The young master couldn't suppress the anger in his heart, and he cursed out loudly, "It didn't work! What is going on?! "
"Young master, they …" The Divine Core warrior reminded the young master of the Xue family.
The young master raised his head and looked around. His expression immediately changed. There were a few Void Tribulation warriors floating above his head …
Black Crow lowered his head and asked the young master, "Young man, who was the one who was teleported away just now?"
For Xiantian lifeforms and Divine Reflection warriors, the young master of the Xue family was a god-like existence. However, in front of these mighty warriors from the Central Domain, he was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. There was no way he could fight back.
Therefore, the young master answered honestly, "The one who was teleported away was a Xiantian young man! I don't know him, but he got there before me! " After saying that, the young master's face was filled with grief and indignation. He couldn't figure out what that young man had done to him, and why he was able to teleport away, but he couldn't.
"A Xiantian lifeform?" Ning Yudie furrowed her brows. This Xiantian lifeform was really courageous. Even Void Tribulation warriors like them had to be well prepared before they could teleport away. She never expected that a Xiantian lifeform would be teleported away today.
Ning Yudie didn't know what Luo Zheng was up to, so it was impossible for her to guess that it was Luo Zheng. After all, there were so many warriors in the world. There were tens of millions of warriors in the world, and the number of Xiantian lifeforms was even greater. It was hard for her to imagine such a coincidence.
Although it was strange, all the Sect Lords were still concerned about the ownership of the Rising Dragon Arena.
Madame Poison Blood said, "We have to sit down and discuss this matter. But, before that, shouldn't we kill that Winged Dragon first?"
"Roar …" The Winged Dragon was intelligent. As the guardian beast of the Rising Dragon Arena, it immediately had a bad premonition. Facing these mighty warriors, it would be difficult for it to escape even if it wanted to …
Luo Zheng felt that he was in the void. Every cell in his body had turned into the tiniest particles and was running at extreme speed.
In this void, Luo Zheng even forgot the time, let alone where he was.
After a long time, Luo Zheng felt that his body was like a jigsaw puzzle that was pieced together bit by bit. Finally, his body shook violently and he arrived at his destination.
"What … is this place?"
As far as Luo Zheng's eyes could see, there was a blue city, and behind Luo Zheng was a row of transmission arrays! He turned his head and saw a row of transmission arrays, which stretched all the way to the end of his line of sight. He estimated that there were at least a hundred thousand transmission arrays!
"How can there be so many transmission arrays?!" Seeing so many transmission arrays, Luo Zheng was shocked.
In Luo Zheng's Vast Thousand Realms, building a transmission array required a lot of top-grade True Origin Stones, but there were over a hundred thousand transmission arrays here. Wasn't this number too exaggerated?
To his surprise, Qinglong said disapprovingly, "Heh, one transmission array corresponds to one Rising Dragon Arena. You may think that a hundred thousand transmission arrays are too many, but in fact, this is only a part of our True Dragon Clan. This city was specially built for the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan! It's only a part of your Human Clan … "
The True Dragon Clan did not only consist of the Dragon Clan. The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan also belonged to the True Dragon Clan. The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan contained the True Dragon Blood Essence in their bodies and could cultivate the strongest cultivation techniques of the Dragon Clan. There were even powerhouses among the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan who were comparable to the True Dragons!
The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan existed in many Lower Realms, which was why the Dragon Clan had built so many Rising Dragon Arenas to serve as a passage for the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan from the Lower Realms to ascend to the Upper Realms!
This was also why the top powerhouses of the Central Domain hoped to use the Rising Dragon Arena to ascend to the Upper Realms. After all, the Rising Dragon Arena was a shortcut built by the True Dragon Clan.

Chapter 422
The strength of these guards, Luo Zheng actually could not see through their depths!
After surrounding Luo Zheng, the leader of the guards sat on the back of the half-human, half-bird monster and coldly glanced at Luo Zheng. "He's not from our tribe, and he knows how to use the Rising Dragon Platform. Capture him, lock him up for one thousand years, then release him!"
After the leader finished speaking, a few guards behind him immediately took out a small green ball. These small balls unleashed green threads that wrapped around Luo Zheng's head, tightly binding Luo Zheng.
After that, the group of guards dragged Luo Zheng and started running towards the green city.
From beginning to end, they didn't give Luo Zheng a chance to explain himself.
Locking him up for one thousand years, this was too much of a joke. Luo Zheng had a bitter smile on his face. "Qinglong, it seems like the people of the True Dragon clan aren't very friendly!"
"Hehe, you don't have the blood essence of the True Dragon clan in your body, so you're not considered a member of the True Dragon clan in the Lower Realm. Using the Rising Dragon Platform without permission, of course you'll be punished. Normally, you'll be locked up for one thousand years, then you'll be expelled." Qinglong said with a smile, "I was the one who set this rule!"
The True Dragon clan was a huge clan. There were True Dragons among them, but there were also other clans that possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon clan. For example, the Dragon Bloodline, which contained the blood essence of the True Dragon clan, was considered a powerful clan.
Many of these clans were from the Lower Realm. Therefore, the True Dragon clan had built countless Rising Dragon Platforms and spread them all over the Lower Realm. These Rising Dragon Platforms were used by the True Dragon clan to allow them to ascend to the Lower Realm. If any other clans wanted to use the Rising Dragon Platforms to ascend to the Lower Realm, they would have to pay the price of being locked up for one thousand years.
The funny thing was, the Divine Core young master from the Xue family wanted to use the Rising Dragon Platform, but little did he know that Qinglong had actually saved his life by changing the Divine Runes on the Rising Dragon Platform. Even a Divine Core warrior could only live for 700 to 800 years.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was even more speechless. He only had a dozen years of lifespan, and with his current cultivation, he could only live for two or three hundred years at most. After a thousand years, he might not even have a corpse left.
"Don't worry, the True Dragon Clan is my home. Although I can't directly show my face due to certain reasons, how could I let you suffer here?" Qinglong said indifferently.
Qinglong's words made Luo Zheng feel slightly relieved.
With the help of the guards, Luo Zheng quickly approached the city. The city was so huge that Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine. Just the city wall was as tall as a mountain!
Huge patterns were drawn on the city wall, each of which was several miles long. These patterns interweaved together to form a complex pattern.
"These are … Divine Runes! Such a huge Divine Rune? You didn't draw it, did you? "Luo Zheng looked at the lines on the city wall and asked.
Qinglong said with disdain, "Heh, this is just a remote city built by the human race of the Dragon Bloodline to receive our clansmen from the lower realm. What qualifications does it have to make me do it?! Let alone this city, even the main city of the human race of the Dragon Bloodline doesn't have this qualification! "
When it came to true strength, perhaps Qinglong wasn't one of the strongest in the True Dragon Clan. But, when it came to Divine Runes, Qinglong's pride was obvious. The Great Thousand Treasure Formation he had drawn was the core of the True Dragon Clan! In the entire True Dragon Realm, there were countless cities like this, so how could he possibly be asked to do it?
Not long after that, the guards brought Luo Zheng into the city gate.
While walking through the streets of the city, Luo Zheng carefully examined every single person in the city. Most of them, Luo Zheng couldn't sense their cultivation bases. Only a few of them he could tell were at the Divine Reflection realm, or even the Divine Core realm. Obviously, these humans from the Dragon Bloodline were using some sort of secret technique to conceal their cultivation bases. But, Luo Zheng also knew that these people's cultivation bases were terrifyingly high.
After walking through the city for some time, Luo Zheng finally arrived in front of a grey building. After entering the building, Luo Zheng saw a gloomy black iron fence surrounding the building. Only then did he realize that this was a prison.
After that, Luo Zheng was shoved into the outer fence, and the iron gate was shut with a loud bang.
Many people were locked up in this fence, and they were scattered around the prison. Some were sitting, some were lying down, and some were cultivating with their legs crossed.
Luo Zheng casually glanced around. It seemed like there were all sorts of cultivators here. Divine Reflection realm, Divine Core realm, and even Void Tribulation realm warriors were locked up in here. These warriors weren't from the Central Domain, they must be from the millions of Lower Realms. Perhaps, they were the overlords of their own worlds.
"These people must be the same as me, they are all stowaways who came through the Rising Dragon Arena. Why are such strong warriors locked up here for a thousand years?!" Luo Zheng shook his head. It looked like without the blood essence of a True Dragon, trying to sneak through the Rising Dragon Arena would be a bad idea.
In the Lower Realm, Void Tribulation realm warriors were super mighty warriors who ruled over an entire area. But, after they ascended to this place, they could only be locked up like an obedient cat for a thousand years. This rule set by Qinglong was really …
"What should we do now? Bring me back to your hometown, can you at least think of a way? "Luo Zheng asked.
With a faint smile on his face, Qinglong said with a strategist's tone, "Take out a piece of paper and some prepared ink!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head. Following Qinglong's request, he took out the prepared ink and laid out a talisman paper used to draw Divine Runes in front of him. After that, he raised the rune pen in his hand. Qinglong released a thread of his soul and sent it into Luo Zheng's rune pen. After that, Luo Zheng started drawing on the paper.
When those stowaways from the Lower Realm saw what Luo Zheng was doing, they all had strange expressions on their faces. One of them even said with a smile, "So you're a Rune Master. I wonder, with your strength, why did you sneak in here?"
Luo Zheng was just one step away from the Divine Reflection realm, and with his peak Xiantian realm cultivation base, he was perhaps the weakest among all stowaways.
Luo Zheng didn't bother to answer that warrior, he just continued drawing the Divine Runes.
"I'm talking to you! Do you hear me?! " That warrior was a Divine Core warrior, and he was a tyrant in the Lower Realm. When he saw a mere Xiantian realm warrior like Luo Zheng ignoring him, how could he not be angry?
"Shut up! If you make any more noise, I'll kill you! "Right at this moment, a few guards walked out from the fence with spears in their hands and shouted at the stowaways.
The warrior's expression changed. He lowered his head and obediently squatted down beside the fence. When he encountered those guards who had sneaked into the Lower Realm from the Rising Dragon Arena, of course, these warriors wouldn't just give up. However, even a False Tribulation warrior wouldn't have a chance to fight back, let alone this warrior who was a Divine Core warrior.
When some people saw the Divine Runes drawn by Luo Zheng, they started discussing among themselves. "This guy is so young, but he knows how to use perfect brush strokes …"
No matter which world you were in, a Rune Master who could use perfect brush strokes was extremely rare.
However, this Divine Rune wasn't drawn by Luo Zheng, it was drawn by Qinglong. After drawing the Divine Rune, the Rune Brush left behind a line of strange characters on the edge of the Divine Rune. Luo Zheng couldn't understand any of these characters, but he guessed they were the characters of the True Dragon. After he finished writing, he even drew a small Dragon Mark behind the characters.
"It's done. Hand this Divine Inscription over and say that it's for the City Lord of this city!" Azure Dragon instructed.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. After he collected everything on the ground, he walked up to the fence and lightly knocked on it.
"What's the matter?" A few patrolling guards walked over and asked Luo Zheng with a cold expression.
"I want to give this to your City Lord." Luo Zheng handed the Divine Rune over to the guards.
"City Lord?" The few guards looked at each other, and a surprised expression emerged on their faces. After that, they burst out into laughter. "City Lord? Do you know who our City Lord is? "
"These warriors from the Mortal World are like this. They have just climbed up and often don't know the immensity of heaven and earth!"
"That's why we have to lock them up for a thousand years and let them understand what this place is!"
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He just waved the Divine Rune in his hand and said, "Take a look at this first, and then decide whether to give it to the City Lord or not, okay?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the few guards glanced at the Divine Rune in Luo Zheng's hand. When one of the guards saw the Dragon Mark at the corner of the Divine Rune, his expression changed greatly. He grabbed Luo Zheng's Divine Rune and asked in a trembling voice, "Where did you get this Divine Rune?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 423
Luo Zheng was speechless when he saw the guard's agitated expression.
Qinglong said in Luo Zheng's mind, "Tell him that this divine rune was given to you by a Taoist named 'Qing Xuan' when you were in the Mortal World. He gave you an opportunity."
Luo Zheng nodded and repeated Qinglong's words.
The guards became serious at the same time. One of them nodded to Luo Zheng, opened the iron fence, and let Luo Zheng out.
When the stowaways from the Mortal World saw that Luo Zheng was let go, they looked at each other in dismay, their faces full of astonishment.
What was wrong with this Xiantian life form? How could he let him go just because he wrote something on the ground?
"You stay here. I'll report this to the City Lord!" The guard with the divine rune hurried out, and the other guards also asked Luo Zheng to wait on the side.
"Qinglong, what message did you leave on the divine rune?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong smiled, "I didn't leave any message. I just left a wisp of my soul's breath on it. The guard can't tell, but he can understand the dragon mark I left on it."
"I see," Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
The Real Dragon then told Luo Zheng, "This city isn't the main city of the Real Dragon Realm, but it's a city for the Dragon Bloodline's Human Clan to receive the ascenders from the Mortal World. It was originally a place for the elites of the Dragon Bloodline to cultivate.
Even the Dragon Bloodline's ascenders from the Mortal World had to undergo trials in this city before they could step into the Real Dragon Realm. This made it easier for the Real Dragon Clan to select their own geniuses. Qinglong didn't ask for much in the divine rune. He just asked the City Lord to give Luo Zheng a chance to train him.
Luo Zheng nodded. As a warrior, if he wanted to set foot on the peak of martial arts, he had to rely on his own efforts to fight for everything. Qinglong certainly wanted to help him, but he would never take on everything. If he became dependent on Qinglong, it would be harming himself!
It was more than enough that Qinglong had spared him from a thousand years of imprisonment. After all, this was a place of cultivation in the Upper Realm. He was sure that he would benefit a lot from it.
"Since you've returned to the Zhenlong Realm, why don't you show your true face?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
That mysterious furnace, the black flame in it, and the nine dragons including Qinglong were a huge mystery for Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was able to reach where he was today because of this mystery. Therefore, Luo Zheng asked.
Upon hearing this question, the Azure Dragon fell silent for a moment before letting out a faint sigh. There was a trace of helplessness in its aged voice. "So what if he's back? Some things that can't be changed still can't be changed … "
For some reason, Luo Zheng felt a little sad when he heard Qinglong's tone. Although Qinglong lived in the depths of Luo Zheng's mind, he had always been looking down on him from an infinitely high position! To it, nothing in the Lower Realm was enough to surprise it!
Now, it seemed that even in the Zhenlong Realm, his status was unimaginably high.
However, the sigh just now gave Luo Zheng a very familiar feeling. It was like the deep sigh he had made when he was humiliated by the Luo family. Qinglong must have had an indescribable past.
Luo Zheng didn't get to the bottom of it. With his current strength, even in the Lower Realm, he was nothing more than a speck of dust in a city on the edge of the Zhenlong Realm. He couldn't be of any help to Qinglong.
However, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng didn't have the determination!
After waiting for a while, the guard finally hurried over. His expression had returned to normal. He nodded slightly at Luo Zheng and threw a nameplate to Luo Zheng, saying, "The City Master already knows. You can receive training with the other ascenders of the Dragon Bloodline. Come with me."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He had no doubt that as long as Qinglong said a word, the City Master would come to receive him in person.
After taking the nameplate, Luo Zheng followed the guard out of the prison, leaving behind the envious gazes of the other ascenders …
Under the guard's lead, they passed through half of the city. The biggest impression Luo Zheng had of this city was that it was huge! Even with the guard's help, it took him a long time to arrive at another square in the city on the half-human, half-bird monster.
The buildings of the Human Bloodline Dragon Clan were huge, but not exquisite. Everything was very rough. Stepping into the square, two old men walked towards Luo Zheng. There was no doubt that Luo Zheng couldn't see the cultivation of these two old men. Either they used a secret skill to hide their cultivation, or their cultivation was so high that Luo Zheng couldn't see it at all.
"Well, this person is not a member of the Dragon Bloodline. He's just an ordinary human. Why was he sent here?" one of the old men asked, puzzled.
"No, he seems to have a trace of the flood dragon's power in him. He seems to have swallowed the flood dragon's blood, but he can't be considered a member of the Dragon Bloodline," the other old man said, shaking his head.
The guard who sent Luo Zheng here said, "The City Master has given him a nameplate, saying that he is specially allowed to participate in the training."
"The City Master's order?" The old man's face showed surprise. He looked at Luo Zheng, wondering what relationship Luo Zheng had with the City Master. He couldn't understand. How could a foreign ascender with the strength of a Xiantian be related to the City Master?
However, the City Master didn't come in person. Presumably, the relationship between this boy and the City Master was just ordinary. It was just that he had to waste a drop of the true dragon's blood.
"In that case, come with me. After you receive the true dragon's blood, I'll take you to the training," the old man nodded.
"Receive the true dragon's blood?" Luo Zheng was stunned. He didn't expect to receive the true dragon's blood just by participating in the training.
"All the ascenders of the Dragon Bloodline can receive a drop of the true dragon's blood after they ascend to enhance the concentration of the blood in their body. Although you are an outsider, since the City Master has specially approved, this drop of true dragon's blood can be received according to convention," the old man said, nodding.
The Dragon Bloodline was a human who had inherited the true dragon's blood. The concentration of the blood in the Dragon Bloodline from the lower realm was different. Some people's blood concentration was very low, while some people's blood concentration was very high. For example, the concentration of Qing Luan blood in Mo Yuxin's body could only be regarded as medium. However, no matter how high the concentration was, they would all be given a drop of true dragon's blood.
"Give me the nameplate. I want to use this nameplate to receive the true dragon's blood," the old man said, stretching out his hand.
Luo Zheng handed over the nameplate and said to Qinglong, "Your Dragon Bloodline is really generous. You can give away a drop of true dragon's blood so casually …"
"Hey, in our Dragon Bloodline, an adult true dragon is thousands of miles long, or even tens of thousands of miles long. The blood in its body can drown the entire Central Domain. What's one or two drops of true dragon's blood?" Qinglong laughed at Luo Zheng's ignorance.
Luo Zheng clicked his tongue. This super mythological beast was really beyond his imagination!
"Come with me!" The old man said and led Luo Zheng through the square. The old man entered the purple hall and asked Luo Zheng to wait outside.
After a while, the old man came out of the purple hall and threw the nameplate and a small jade bottle to Luo Zheng. "Find a place to absorb this drop of true dragon's blood. Then you can participate in the training. There is a secret room for training over there. Come find me after you've absorbed it."
Holding the small jade bottle, Luo Zheng felt as if there was a living creature inside that wanted to escape.
According to the old man's directions, Luo Zheng randomly found a secret room for training. After closing the door, he sat down cross-legged on a praying mat and carefully opened the small bottle.
"Beep!"
An oval-shaped drop of blood jumped out of the small bottle and floated in front of Luo Zheng.
It was only a drop of true dragon's blood, but Luo Zheng felt an indescribable power hidden inside!
"If you keep watching, you might as well let me swallow it," Qinglong suddenly said with a mischievous smile.
Luo Zheng naturally refused. He curled his lips and said, "There's only one drop. Just watch this time!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng stretched out two fingers. A wisp of zhenqi rolled out, wrapped the drop of blood, and sent it into his mouth.
This drop of true dragon's blood was even more exaggerated than the flood dragon's blood. The flood dragon's blood that he had soaked in on the Trial Challengers' Road was very rich. Even if it was sputtered outside, it would automatically fuse into one. However, this drop of true dragon's blood seemed to have a mind of its own. At this moment, it actually wanted to break free from the shackles of Luo Zheng's zhenqi.
The power of a drop of true dragon's blood was still too weak. In the end, it could not escape the fate of being swallowed by Luo Zheng.

Chapter 424
The blood of a Super God Beast was incomparably tyrannical. Just a single drop of Luo Zheng's blood was enough to cause Luo Zheng's body to flush red.
After some time, the flush slowly faded from Luo Zheng's body.
"Huu …" Luo Zheng let out a long sigh of relief. A warm feeling spread through his body, as if every hair on his body had stretched out.
After swallowing a drop of True Dragon blood, in a sense, Luo Zheng could also be considered a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, but he was a special case.
After leaving the practice chamber, Luo Zheng found the old man again. This time, the old man sized up Luo Zheng and smiled, "You're much more pleasing to the eye. No matter what, you're also considered a member of my Dragon Bloodline Clan. Come with me!"
Then, under the guidance of the old man, Luo Zheng walked through the building and saw numerous obelisks erected in the distance. Beneath these obelisks, countless cultivators were sitting, facing the obelisks as if they were trying to comprehend something.
Even though they were far away, Luo Zheng could feel a mysterious aura emanating from these obelisks.
"These obelisks …" Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth to speak when the old man interrupted him.
The old man knew what Luo Zheng wanted to ask and immediately said, "These are soul obelisks. Recorded on them are the source of all kinds of Laws. By visualizing these obelisks, you can comprehend these Laws."
Seeing these massive obelisks, Luo Zheng couldn't help sucking in a breath of cold air.
When he was on the Road of Smelting Trial, he had obtained a palm-sized stone inscription, and it had been incomplete at that time. But here, there were actually so many obelisks! Each obelisk was many times larger than the stone inscription, and they were all complete!
"These soul obelisks require you to place your soul within them in order to comprehend them. When you visualize them, remember not to be greedy. Otherwise, if you injure your soul, the gains won't make up for the losses," the old man warned.
Luo Zheng nodded, and walked past these obelisks one by one. Each of these huge obelisks was hundreds of feet tall, and emitted a mysterious and grey aura.
Some of the obelisks emitted a scorching aura. These obelisks should have been engraved with the Law of Fire. On the other hand, some of the obelisks emanated streams of icy energy. These obelisks most likely recorded the Laws of Ice!
These obelisks recorded the power of various origin laws!
The Origin Source Law was the purest Intent Realm, just like Luo Zheng's Sword Intent. It was actually an Intent Realm that extended from the Gold Elemental Law. As for the Extreme Thunder Sword Intent that Hua Tianming had comprehended, it was the fusion of sword intent and the Law of Thunder.
There was no difference between concepts and Origin Source Laws. However, once one grasped Origin Source Laws, it would be much easier to grasp other concepts. This was because the various concepts were only derived from Origin Source Laws.
In the end, Luo Zheng stopped in front of a green obelisk. He felt a sense of familiarity from this obelisk.
"This obelisk contains the power of space." Luo Zheng's heart stirred slightly.
The first time Luo Zheng had passed through the space storm, he had comprehended a trace of the Law of Space. After that, he had comprehended the Law of Space through the broken space fragments and the space stone inscriptions. However, the Law of Space he had obtained was not systematic. If he could comprehend the Law of Space from the obelisks, it would definitely benefit him greatly.
Thus, like the other martial artists, Luo Zheng sat on the ground and closed his eyes.
The old man from the Humanoid Dragon Clan glanced at Luo Zheng in surprise. "Interesting, this boy chose the obelisk that recorded the Law of Space. Time is king, space is venerated … these two Laws are the most powerful of the Origin Source Laws, but they are also more difficult to comprehend. He's quite bold."
"Soul Visualization is to use the soul to touch this obelisk." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stretched out a wisp of his soul. His soul turned into a tentacle that slowly approached the obelisk. The moment his soul touched the obelisk, a suction force suddenly came from the obelisk and pulled Luo Zheng's soul in!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng was shocked. He was now attached to the obelisk as a pure soul!
He raised his head and looked at the top of the obelisk. The souls of the other martial practitioners were constantly climbing up the obelisk. Some of the martial practitioners' souls had already climbed to the middle of the obelisk.
"Climbing? It shouldn't be difficult. "Luo Zheng didn't think too much and began to climb up.
Soul bodies didn't have any weight, so climbing up wasn't difficult. But just as Luo Zheng took a step forward, the mysterious space lines on the obelisk extended a repulsive force that wanted to push Luo Zheng away.
"This repulsive force should be the power of the Law of Space! With my current comprehension of the Law of Space, it's not enough to push me away! "Luo Zheng's soul forcefully attached itself to the obelisk and slowly moved upwards.
After moving about ten feet, he suddenly felt the repulsive force in the air become even stronger. Under this repulsive force, if he wasn't careful, he would be pushed away by it.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows furrowed slightly, and the speed at which he climbed slowed down greatly. "It's very difficult to climb this obelisk!"
At this moment, a soul above Luo Zheng was repelled by the obelisk. The moment that soul was repelled, a martial artist sitting on the ground trembled violently. The martial artist who had been maintaining a sitting posture suddenly fell forward to the ground. When he got up again, there was a faint trace of blood at the corners of his mouth, and his expression was dispirited. It seemed that his soul had been seriously injured.
"This martial artist should have been barely able to climb up. That's why he was injured." Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart trembled.
However, giving up was never Luo Zheng's character. How could Luo Zheng give up on an opportunity that millions of martial artists in the Central Domain yearned for?
How could he overcome this repulsive force? If this repulsive force was so strong, he could foresee that he would definitely fall down!
At this time, Luo Zheng looked at the lines on the obelisk. Looking at the messy lines that seemed to be arranged according to a certain pattern, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. This obelisk was originally meant for comprehension. If one couldn't comprehend the lines on the obelisk, it would be impossible to climb up.
This time, Luo Zheng observed again and saw that some martial artists' souls were attached to the middle of the obelisk, motionless. It seemed that they were comprehending the Law of Space.
"So that's how it is," Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He wasn't in a hurry to climb up, but instead calmly observed the obelisk. Soon, Luo Zheng's entire being was immersed in these dense lines.
When Luo Zheng began to comprehend, all distracting thoughts were removed from his mind. It was as if the only thing left in this world was his soul and these complex lines!
At this time, even Qinglong, who was in Luo Zheng's mind, faintly widened his eyes and sighed, "This boy … his perception is really extraordinary."
Even with Qinglong's experience, it was rare for him to sigh, but when he saw Luo Zheng's perception, he couldn't help but praise him.
Facing these mysterious lines, his comprehension of the Law of Space flooded into Luo Zheng's mind like a tide.
One incense stick of time, two incense sticks of time, three incense sticks of time …
Luo Zheng's soul lay motionless on the obelisk, comprehending the Law of Space on the obelisk.
Two hours later, Luo Zheng felt that the repulsive force on the obelisk seemed to have weakened!
"Just as I expected, as long as one has a deep understanding of the Law of Space, he will be able to climb higher. I can't climb this obelisk by force, otherwise, I will be bounced off by the repulsive force!"
When Luo Zheng had almost finished comprehending the Law of Space, the repulsive force on the obelisk had basically disappeared.
"Let's go!"
Feeling much more relaxed, Luo Zheng continued climbing! This time, his climbing speed was much faster than before, and he managed to climb up a few meters.
One after another, the souls of the martial artists were being surpassed by Luo Zheng.
One of the martial artists was a Divine Core warrior, and with his comprehension of the Law of Space, he was able to forcefully resist the repulsive force. When he saw Luo Zheng surpassing him at such a fast speed, he was shocked, as if he had just seen something he couldn't understand. With a blank expression, he said, "Is this guy crazy?"

Chapter 425
"Huh?"
The old man who led Luo Zheng here also revealed a look of disbelief.
His duty was to select talented ascenders from the lower realms who were very sensitive to the Power of Law.
After all, in the lower realms, it was impossible to have such a complete cultivation of the Power of Law, and these obelisks recorded the complete Power of Law! Just like the first level of the Law of Fire was recorded on the obelisk of the Law of Fire, Luo Zheng's obelisk recorded the first level of the Law of Space!
This boy had climbed one-third of the way up in such a short time, which showed that he had already comprehended a small part of the first level of the Law of Space.
How could he be so fast? The old man was also speechless.
Some cultivators had meditated here for a long time, and some Dragon Bloodline Human Clan cultivators from the lower realms had even stayed here for half a year, a year, or even longer, all because the opportunity to comprehend the obelisks was something that could only be encountered by chance!
With the obelisks, the speed at which one comprehended the Power of Law was indeed much faster, but after all, this was the Power of Law of Space. The old man had never seen anyone climb so fast.
"There is only one explanation. This boy has already comprehended the Power of Law of Space, and he has already reached the Minor Accomplishment stage, so he can climb up so quickly." The old man felt that he had found a convincing reason. "After he stops, he should be unable to climb up anymore."
If this boy had a great opportunity in the lower realms and had already comprehended a lot of the Power of Law of Space, it would be reasonable for him to be able to climb up so quickly. This was the only explanation that could explain why Luo Zheng was so fast.
What the old man did not know was that Luo Zheng had indeed comprehended a trace of the Power of Law of Space, but it was completely by chance and was not complete or coherent.
When Luo Zheng climbed about ten feet, the repulsive force of space became stronger again. Not only was it strong, but Luo Zheng could even feel a trace of sharpness!
"The Power of Space in the middle section of the obelisk is even stronger. I can't go any higher!"
Luo Zheng stopped climbing and continued to comprehend the Power of Law on the obelisk. At this time, Luo Zheng had already surpassed most of the cultivators on the obelisk, and there were only a few people above him.
At this time, the old man's eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng. He wanted to prove his conjecture.
At this moment, a few more people walked over from the old man's side. It was a middle-aged man who led a few young warriors over.
When the middle-aged man saw the old man, he put on a fake smile and said, "Elder Wei, how many elite disciples have you accepted this time?"
Elder Wei immediately frowned and replied coldly, "Not a single one. I presume that you have one this time?"
The middle-aged man chuckled and waved at the young men behind him. "They are disciples of the Dragon Bloodline's large sects in the Lower Realm. They have just ascended. The four of them should be able to be ranked as elites. Hehe!"
Among the four youths, two were men and two were women. Their cultivation bases were all at the Divine Reflection level. When the middle-aged man said this, the four of them revealed a strong sense of confidence.
Elder Wei sized up the two men and two women. These four people should be the major forces of the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan in the Lower Realm. Whether it was their cultivation or their foundation, they were very solid. Even the density of their bloodline was very strong.
Elder Wei put on a fake smile and said, "Congratulations, Zhao Zheng! I hope that they can all become 'elites'! "
Elder Wei almost gritted his teeth when he said the last two words.
The identities of Elder Wei and the others were Guides of the Dragon Bloodline's human race. The Guides were also divided into factions, and there were also competitions and missions. Zhao Zheng had received a few martial artists with decent talent and flaunted his prowess in front of Elder Wei. Elder Wei was naturally displeased.
However, these young warriors did not look at Elder Wei's expression at all. One of the younger warriors even cupped his hands and smiled at Elder Wei. "Elder, I'll be counting on your auspicious words!"
"Hmph." Elder Wei's face was gloomy. He could not be bothered to pay attention to these juniors. His gaze once again moved to Luo Zheng. He still wanted to see what was going on with Luo Zheng.
The moment Elder Wei shifted his gaze, he could not help but exclaim, "Ah! Why is this kid going up again!"
Just now, he clearly saw that Luo Zheng was stopped by the repulsion of space and could not climb up the obelisk. Who knew that after a few words between him and Zhao Zheng, Luo Zheng would actually start to climb up rapidly again?
Twenty feet …
Fifty feet …
Ten feet …
Luo Zheng had already climbed to the top half of the obelisk. On this Space Law obelisk, Luo Zheng's soul had climbed the highest!
"How can his comprehension of Laws be so fast!?" Elder Wei's face was filled with disbelief.
Although the Laws recorded on these obelisks were only the first level, the Power of Laws had always been difficult to comprehend, not to mention that this obelisk recorded the Laws of Space …
If this kid really relied on his own comprehension to climb up, he would certainly be qualified to be called an elite!
That's right! This kid should also be a martial artist that he had received!
Elder Wei slapped his head. He had almost forgotten about this. Because Luo Zheng did not have the bloodline of a True Dragon in his body, this was an indicator specially approved by the City Lord. Elder Wei had even complained about wasting a drop of True Dragon's blood, but Luo Zheng was indeed a martial artist that Elder Wei had received. It was just that he had completely ignored Luo Zheng before.
Zhao Zheng saw Elder Wei's startled expression and also looked at the obelisk not far away. He noticed that Luo Zheng's soul had already climbed to the top of the obelisk and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly, revealing a mocking expression. He then said to the several young martial artists behind him, "You should also go and comprehend the Laws on the obelisk. I have already explained everything that needs to be explained. You can climb up and comprehend it yourselves."
"Understood, Elder Zhao," one of the martial artists said with a smile, "I also choose the Space Law obelisk!"
Zhao Zheng chuckled and waved his hand, "Shuyuekuang, you go! With your talent, it will only take a blink of an eye for you to surpass that kid at the top! "
The martial artist called Shuyuekuang nodded and walked to the bottom of the obelisk and sat down cross-legged. His soul quickly attached itself to the obelisk. As soon as Shuyuekuang's soul attached itself to the obelisk, it rapidly climbed to the top of the obelisk! Shuyuekuang didn't stop at all and surpassed the martial artists below him one by one.
"Haha, this Shuyuekuang comprehended most of the first layer of the Space Law in the lower realm. This obelisk is really too easy for him," Zhao Zheng said with a smile.
Seeing Shuyuekuang rapidly approaching Luo Zheng and even surpassing Luo Zheng, Elder Wei's face sank again.
Shuyuekuang almost didn't encounter the slightest resistance as he continued climbing, as if the spatial repulsion of the obelisk didn't exist to him at all!
At this time, Luo Zheng was still staring intently at the veined patterns on the obelisk, comprehending the Laws within. He didn't react at all to Shuyuekuang who was rapidly approaching him.
Soon, Shuyuekuang arrived at Luo Zheng's side. He glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently with a provocative look in his eyes.
Luo Zheng just looked back in surprise. He didn't expect to be involved in the competition between Elder Wei and Zhao Zheng. He was still comprehending the Space Law without blinking.
Shuyue Kuang continued to climb until he reached the top of Luo Zheng's head. Only when he was a full body's height above Luo Zheng did he stop. At the same time, he said to Luo Zheng, "Hehe, kid, can you not be like a turtle, lying there without moving?"
Where did this idiot come from? Luo Zheng frowned, but he ignored Shuyuekuang and continued to concentrate on comprehending the Laws.
Who would have thought that after Shuyuekuang climbed up, he would climb back down. He moved closer to Luo Zheng and said, "I'm talking to you. Didn't you hear me?"
Shuyuekuang was also the focus of a large force in the mortal world. He was used to being arrogant since he was a child. Seeing Luo Zheng completely ignore him, he was annoyed.
"Can you not climb up and down like a monkey?" Luo Zheng finally couldn't help but say with a dark face.
"If you want to climb up and down, you need to have the ability to do so! If you have the ability, you can surpass me! "Shuyuekuang sneered.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. He was still concentrating on staring at the obelisk. He really couldn't be bothered with this kind of boring provocation. Besides, he was climbing the obelisk to comprehend the Laws of Space, not to compete with others.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was ignoring him, Shuyuekuang also felt a little bored. He continued climbing.
However, after climbing two feet, he stopped. He had comprehended more than half of the first layer of the Space Law. If he continued climbing, he would need to comprehend more. Otherwise, he would be repelled by the repulsive force of the space on the obelisk.
Of course, Shuyuekuang was very confident in himself. He believed that it wouldn't take him long to completely comprehend the first layer of the Space Law.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and then he started to climb up.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 426
Originally, Shuyue Kuang had planned to stop and comprehend the Laws on the obelisk before climbing up. However, the spatial repulsion he felt was getting stronger and stronger. If he forced himself to climb up, he might be repelled by the spatial repulsion.
But when he saw Luo Zheng begin to climb up, Shuyue Kuang couldn't help himself. He was naturally arrogant. How could this brat who came out of nowhere be able to climb higher than him?
As a result, when Luo Zheng moved, Shuyue Kuang followed suit.
At this moment, they were still eighty to ninety feet away from the top of the obelisk. Their climbing speed wasn't slow at all.
Luo Zheng climbed up with ease. After comprehending the Laws of Space on the upper section of the obelisk, the spatial repulsion was like a soft force to Luo Zheng. It didn't affect him in the slightest.
In contrast, Shuyue Kuang was in a miserable state. If neither of them had climbed up the obelisk, his comprehension of the Laws of Space was far superior to Luo Zheng's. But now, climbing to the top of the obelisk was his limit. Logically speaking, he should stop and comprehend the Laws.
But losing to this brat was something he couldn't accept. Thus, Shuyue Kuang could only grit his teeth and continue climbing, forcibly blocking the spatial repulsion! As he climbed higher and higher, the spatial repulsion grew stronger and stronger. Shuyue Kuang found it increasingly difficult to climb!
On the obelisk, Shuyue Kuang's body had already swelled to the color of a pig's liver. He was still in a meditative state, constantly trembling. In contrast, Luo Zheng was still motionless. He sat cross-legged, his breathing calm.
Finally, the two of them reached the top of the obelisk at almost the same time. At this moment, they were only ten feet away from the top.
However, the two of them were unable to advance any further. This was because their souls had sensed an invisible barrier appearing above them. It was a spatial barrier …
"It seems we'll have to stop again." Luo Zheng blinked. He estimated that he would need to comprehend another section of the Laws of Space before he could pass through this spatial barrier. For Luo Zheng, he had comprehended quite a bit of the Laws of Space. Even at this height, the spatial repulsion didn't put much pressure on Luo Zheng.
However … Shuyuekuang was in trouble. He had been relying on his powerful Spiritual Strength to bitterly persevere, hoping to reach the top of the obelisk in one go. But how was he supposed to do that when faced with the sudden appearance of this spatial barrier?
This thin spatial barrier was like a heavenly moat. With his current strength, it was obviously impossible for him to force his way through.
At this time, he could only comprehend the Laws of Space under the powerful spatial repulsive force. There was no other way!
Luo Zheng calmly clung to his side. He glanced at Shuyue Kuang, shook his head, and continued to comprehend the Law of Space with a faint smile on his face.
It was this faint smile that nearly caused Shuyue Kuang to collapse!
Below the obelisk, Elder Wei's face also had a joyful smile as he chuckled, "Although this child's bloodline is weak, his comprehension is astonishing. Looks like our Dragon Pool Palace will have another elite."
The Dragon Abyss Palace was the Dragon Bloodline human force that Elder Wei belonged to. The human force of the Dragon Bloodline that Zhao Zheng belonged to was called the Flame Dragon Palace.
In comparison, Zhao Zheng's expression was much uglier. How could Zhao Zheng not see the situation on the obelisk? Although Shuyue Kuang's speed of climbing from the bottom of the obelisk was fast, it wasn't because of Shuyue Kuang's comprehension. It was because Shuyue Kuang had comprehended a lot of the Laws of Space in the lower realm. Naturally, he was able to cope with the spatial repulsive force of the obelisk.
If Shuyue Kuang could have calmed down and slowly comprehended the Laws of Space at the top of the obelisk, climbing up the obelisk wouldn't have been a difficult task. But Shuyue Kuang just had to show off, clenching his teeth and going all out against that kid. Now, he had entered an awkward situation. Only an idiot would try to comprehend the Laws of Space while staring at such a powerful spatial repulsive force.
Luo Zheng had no idea what the two Elders were thinking. He only calmed down and quietly felt the patterns of the Laws of Space on the obelisk.
It was obviously impossible to break through the spatial barrier and climb to the top of the obelisk. The spatial barrier should have been created in accordance with some kind of Law of Space. If he could comprehend it, he would probably be able to pass through it.
In addition to comprehending the Laws of Space, Luo Zheng also tried to use his soul to touch the spatial barrier above. Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, there was an independent space within the spatial barrier.
"If I can comprehend the Laws of Space on this level, does that mean I can travel through space?" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly became excited.
The Laws of Space were originally the most powerful of the Origin Laws. "Time is King, Space is Venerable." This established the strength of these two Origin Laws.
In the vast Central Domain, there were many geniuses who comprehended all kinds of Origin Laws. There were even more people who comprehended all kinds of "Concepts". However, there weren't many martial artists who had some achievements in the Laws of Space and Time.
Just like Daoist Big Dream's "Phantom God Step", it was actually the most basic application of the Laws of Space. The method was to first use an incomparably violent power to shake the surrounding space, causing it to be in an unstable state. At this time, the space would produce black lines like the ones on the Trial Challenger's Path. This was a sign that space was about to collapse.
Daoist Big Dream was able to use these black lines to move. His movement technique was unpredictable and incomparably strange, making it impossible for people to guard against. Therefore, it was called the "Phantom God Step", a step that could even confuse gods. In fact, this was the most basic application of the Laws of Space in the first level.
This application wasn't advanced, and Luo Zheng could also do it. On the Trial Challenger's Path, Luo Zheng had experimented with it many times. However, Luo Zheng was far from having the terrifying strength of Daoist Big Dream, who was able to use a large method to destabilize space and create these black lines.
If Luo Zheng could comprehend the Laws of Space on this obelisk, he wouldn't need to use this method. He would be able to travel through space for short distances.
With such an ability, how could Luo Zheng not be excited?
Therefore, the only problem left for Luo Zheng was how to use his own comprehension of the Laws of Space to pass through this transparent space barrier.
Luo Zheng was absorbing the Laws of Space on the obelisk. On the side, Shuyue Kuang couldn't bear it any longer. He finally understood that if he fought fiercely next to Luo Zheng, he would definitely be at a disadvantage. In the end, his fate would probably still be to be ejected from the obelisk.
Although Shuyue Kuang's soul being injured wasn't too troublesome for him, his most outstanding characteristic wasn't his mastery of the Laws of Space, but his soul! Moreover, he came from a large organization that had all kinds of elixirs and miraculous medicines. Even if his soul was injured, he didn't have to worry too much. However, he wouldn't go as far as to make himself suffer. Moreover, falling from the obelisk was too shameful.
After persevering for a while, Shuyue Kuang finally slowly climbed down the obelisk. It was better to honestly comprehend the Laws of Space bit by bit. This kid's performance was only outstanding in the Laws of Space. There were still many opportunities to defeat him in the future!
At this time, Luo Zheng was completely immersed in the Laws of Space. He stared motionlessly at the veined patterns on the obelisk. He didn't even notice that Shuyue Kuang had left.
In this state, the memories of the Laws of Space in his mind gathered together like flowing water. Like a puzzle, they were pieced together piece by piece. When all the memories of the Laws of Space were nearing completion, he looked at the space barrier above his head and revealed a confident smile!
"Space barrier! I can also break it! "
After saying this, Luo Zheng no longer clung to the obelisk. Instead, he let go of his hands and suddenly drilled upwards!
This space barrier couldn't be broken through with brute force. Wanting to use one's soul to break through it was even more impossible.
However, Luo Zheng didn't even try to break through the space barrier. His soul was like a fish in water as it directly drilled through the space barrier and finally set foot on the top of the obelisk.
Elder Wei faintly smiled and said, "In less than six hours, he went from being completely ignorant of the Laws of Space to completely comprehending the first level of the Laws of Space. Using the word 'elite' isn't enough to describe his talent. Haha …"
"Less than six hours?" Hearing Elder Wei's words, Zhao Zheng was inwardly shocked. Although the engravings on the obelisk were ready-made Laws of Space and he didn't need to slowly fumble around, wasn't this kid too monstrous? Which lower realm did he come from?
Just as Elder Wei was praising Shuyue Kuang, the surrounding Law Obelisks suddenly began to tremble!
Every obelisk was constantly trembling, as if an earthquake was occurring. But how could there be an earthquake here?
While Elder Wei was puzzled, he saw that at the top of all the obelisks, the Laws of Space were actually gathering towards Luo Zheng's body.

Chapter 427
These obelisks were extremely ancient and had been carved by the almighty masters of the True Dragon Race through their own comprehension of Laws.
The martial artists that ascended from the lower realms naturally couldn't compare to the inheritances of the True Dragon World in terms of comprehension of Laws, so these obelisks were placed here for the lower realms' Dragon Bloodline's human martial artists to meditate on.
There were many types of Laws, but the most basic Laws were the Laws of Fire, the Laws of Wind, the Laws of Time, the Laws of Space, and so on. The Laws that evolved from these were innumerable. For example, the Concept of Mountain was actually an evolution of the Earth Laws, and the Heavenly Evolution Laws were Laws that artificers comprehended from the Heavenly Dao and the Metal Laws.
Every cultivator had a different degree of affinity with the Laws. Previously, Luo Zheng had chosen the Space Law Obelisk to comprehend, so Elder Wei believed that Luo Zheng's affinity with the Laws of Space was very high. That was why he could cultivate the Laws of Space like a fish in water.
However, when he saw the scene before him, Elder Wei realized that he was wrong. Very wrong.
Everyone, including the martial artists attached to the obelisks, turned their eyes to the top of the Space Laws obelisk, staring at the scene in a daze.
Even Elder Wei was confused for a while before he realized that the scene before him was the legendary "Baptism of the Laws". As for the others, they had never even heard of this term, so they were even more confused about what was going on!
He could only watch helplessly as the obelisk continued to vibrate, and the power of laws on the obelisk continued to gather towards Luo Zheng.
Even more unlucky was that as the obelisks shook, the souls of some martial artists that were at their limits were shaken off. This could only be considered accidental damage. The vast majority of martial artists desperately attached their souls to the obelisks, their eyes wide open as they watched this strange phenomenon unfold before them.
Since Elder Wei could understand what was happening, Zhao Zheng could also understand what was happening. "A Baptism of Laws … It's been many years since something like this has appeared."
The baptism of Laws couldn't increase a martial artist's strength. Even after receiving the baptism of Laws, it wouldn't increase Luo Zheng's strength or cultivation, but it could increase Luo Zheng's compatibility with Laws.
Martial artists were born with an innate affinity to certain Laws. Some martial artists had a very high affinity to the Thunder Laws, and some martial artists were very sensitive to the Wind Laws. But, Luo Zheng was able to comprehend a trace of the Space Laws just by passing through space. This proved that he had a very high affinity to the Space Laws.
But after Luo Zheng underwent the baptism of Laws, his compatibility with any Law would greatly increase. In other words, Luo Zheng's cultivation of Thunder Laws and Fire Laws would not be hindered!
For many martial artists, this kind of thing was something that could only be encountered by chance and not sought after!
Zhao Zheng and Elder Wei had been Elders here for so many years. They had only heard of such things, but they had never heard of such a thing.
Who would have thought that this would happen to Luo Zheng?
Shuyue Kuang clung tightly to the obelisk. He stared at Luo Zheng on the obelisk, his eyes filled with defiance. Although he didn't know what was happening, at this moment, Luo Zheng had become the focus of everyone present!
He, Shuyue Kuang, was born with a noble bloodline! The True Dragon blood in his body was much richer than any of his family's ancestors! From the moment he was born, he had been the focus of attention. From a young age until now, as long as he appeared in an event, he would be surrounded by envious and jealous gazes. At the age of 20, he was sent to the Rising Dragon Arena and ascended to the higher realms, entering the Dragon Bloodline Human Race!
Originally, Shuyue Kuang thought that even in the Dragon Bloodline Human Race, he would still be a proud son of heaven and would be surrounded by praise and envy. But, he never imagined that just as he ascended, before he could even display his abnormal talent, he would discover that his limelight had been completely stolen by this young man in front of him!
How could Shuyue Kuang endure this?
But now, he couldn't even climb up this Space Law obelisk. What right did he have to speak? Shuyue Kuang clenched his teeth and suppressed the unhappiness in his heart. He comprehended the power of Law on the obelisk. He, Shuyue Kuang, also had a heart that wouldn't lose to anyone!
Standing at the top of the obelisk, Luo Zheng quietly accepted the baptism of the power of Law. The power of Law constantly washed over Luo Zheng's soul, but Luo Zheng himself didn't feel it at all. Instead, as the power of Law washed over him, Luo Zheng felt a trace of connection between him and the obelisks. Or rather, it should be said that he had formed a connection with the power of Law!
"It's like … these obelisks are summoning me …" Luo Zheng murmured.
When the power of Law stopped washing over Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng withdrew his soul back into his body. Opening his eyes, Luo Zheng stood up from the ground.
"This, this … young friend, I still don't know your name." The moment Luo Zheng stood up, Elder Wei had already turned into a breeze and floated over with a smile on his face. His attitude was completely different from before.
Previously, Elder Wei didn't take Luo Zheng seriously. After all, Luo Zheng wasn't a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Only a trace of Flood Dragon's blood could be detected in his body. Illegal immigrants like this would usually be sent to prison and locked up for a thousand years.
It was only because of the City Lord's instructions that Elder Wei made an exception and used a drop of True Dragon's blood. Only then could Luo Zheng be considered a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
"You don't even know his name? Then this young friend can't be considered a member of your Dragon Pool Palace. Hehe, young friend, are you interested in joining our Fiery Dragon Palace? Among the nine hundred and thirty-six palaces of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, our Fiery Dragon Palace can be ranked in the top two hundred! If you join our Fiery Dragon Palace, your future will be limitless! "Zhao Zheng said with a face full of smiles.
Zhao Zheng wasn't clear about Luo Zheng's potential and talent. Moreover, Zhao Zheng didn't think highly of Luo Zheng's cultivation and strength. However, just because of the "baptism of Law", Zhao Zheng had to win Luo Zheng over no matter what.
After all, after the baptism of Law, Luo Zheng had a very strong affinity with all types of Laws. In the future, he wouldn't encounter any obstacles when cultivating any Laws! Zhao Zheng had been here all year round to receive cultivators from the lower realm. How could he not understand this?
As soon as Zhao Zheng said this, Elder Wei's face immediately darkened. He said coldly, "Zhao Zheng, this young friend has used a drop of True Dragon's blood from our Dragon Pool Palace. Aren't you looking down on our Dragon Pool Palace too much by trying to poach him so brazenly?"
"Oh! No wonder the True Dragon's aura in this young friend's body is so weak. It turns out that your Dragon Pool Palace gave him a drop of True Dragon's blood! What a generous Dragon Pool Palace! " Zhao Zheng chuckled and said, "Young friend, if you join our Fiery Dragon Palace, I'll give you ten drops of True Dragon's blood. What do you think?"
"Don't listen to him. Our Dragon Pool Palace isn't that stingy. Report this on my behalf. Ten drops of True Dragon's blood is nothing to be proud of." Elder Wei was not to be outdone.
Luo Zheng was speechless.
In fact, from his personal point of view, he didn't want to join any force when he entered the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend to the True Dragon Realm. However, Luo Zheng couldn't resist the rules of the Human Bloodline Dragon Clan. After accepting the trial here, Luo Zheng would naturally choose to return to the Central Domain. There were too many things he had to do in the Central Domain. The most important thing was to rescue Luo Yan!
He didn't expect that there would be a scene of someone trying to snatch him away.
Ten drops of True Dragon's blood … Just one drop was enough to make Luo Zheng feel a tremendous change in his bloodline. If there were ten drops, the change would probably be even greater.
In the end, Luo Zheng nodded to Elder Wei and said, "Elder, my name is Luo Zheng. I was in a hurry just now and forgot to tell you my name. Forgive me for my rudeness."
Luo Zheng's answer put Elder Wei at ease and the smile on his face deepened. "Not rudeness, not rudeness. Luo Zheng, a good name! Since you've passed the obelisk and are fortunate enough to enter the ranks of the elites, you can accept the next round of the trial! However, you've just been baptized by the laws. You can also choose to comprehend the laws on the other obelisks. It's up to you … "
"I'll comprehend the power of the other laws first," Luo Zheng hurriedly said. Only now did he understand that the laws that constantly washed over his body were called the baptism of the laws.
When he was baptized by the laws, Luo Zheng had the urge to comprehend the other obelisks. Now, he would naturally seize this opportunity.

Chapter 428
Whether it was the Dragon Abyss Palace or the Fire Dragon Palace, they were both branches of the Dragon Bloodline. For the current Luo Zheng, they were unreachable existences.
Even if the Dragon Abyss Palace was destroyed, Luo Zheng would not lose anything.
What Luo Zheng cared about the most now was to improve his strength. Since he had developed an affinity with other Laws, Luo Zheng would not let go of the opportunity to study the other obelisks.
Luo Zheng walked around the obelisks a few times. This time, he chose the one with the Law of Fire recorded on it. Almost without hesitation, Luo Zheng sat down in front of the obelisks.
At the same time, the competition for the Rising Dragon Platform in the Central Domain had reached a climax.
Regarding the ownership of the Rising Dragon Platform, every sect would naturally come up with a reason. Even if they did not have a reason, they would forcefully twist it out.
Moreover, more and more factions were getting involved. Even some independent cultivators of the False Tribulation Realm wanted to get a share of the pie. Although those independent cultivators did not belong to any sect, they had successors and descendants. Moreover, with the strength of a False Tribulation Realm expert, establishing a new sect was not a particularly taxing matter.
No matter how much they argued, the final result was inevitable. The Rising Dragon Arena would belong to whoever was stronger!
What they did not know was that the Rising Dragon Platform was actually a path of no return for the vast majority of people. As long as one entered the Rising Dragon Platform, they would be imprisoned by the Dragon Bloodline for a thousand years. Even if the old monsters of the False Tribulation Realm had a long lifespan, how many thousand years could they squander?
Fortunately, when Luo Zheng ascended, Qinglong tampered with the divine runes on the Rising Dragon Platform. Later, if someone broke into the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Platform and activated the circular divine rune, the only result would be to be thrown out of the Rising Dragon Platform and not ascend.
If a war broke out between the various sects because of the Rising Dragon Platform, or even a war between sects, it was undoubtedly irrational.
In the end, this matter was settled by the World Business Alliance.
Although the World Business Alliance was not a sect, its power was not inferior to any sect. More importantly, the World Business Alliance had a good relationship with almost all the major sects. Only if they came up with a plan could this dispute be resolved.
The World Business Alliance's plan was very simple. First, they would transport the Rising Dragon Platform back to Tianqi City, which was the headquarters of the World Business Alliance. Then, the World Business Alliance would decide to hold a martial arts competition where all sects and independent warriors could participate.
However, there was a strict restriction on the strength of the participants. The highest cultivation level allowed to participate couldn't be higher than the Early Divine Core realm. In other words, no Mid Divine Core warriors or above were allowed to participate.
The winner of the martial arts competition would be able to bring the Rising Dragon Platform away. As for the second and third place finishers, the World Business Alliance would give them generous rewards.
In fact, every ten years or so, the World Business Alliance would invite all the major sects in the Central Domain to hold a grand martial arts competition in Tianqi City. Although the World Business Alliance would spend a huge amount of money to hold every martial arts competition, the World Business Alliance would be able to maintain a good relationship with all the fourth and fifth grade sects, and on the other hand, they would be able to use this opportunity to befriend all the young geniuses from all the major sects.
This was also the reason why the World Business Alliance was able to set up a market in every major sect to do business. Because of this, the World Business Alliance was able to rival the Void Spirit Sect in terms of overall strength.
However, the martial arts competition was brought forward by four years, and the final reward was the Rising Dragon Platform.
After giving the World Business Alliance's proposal some serious consideration, all the sects decided to accept it.
If they objected to this proposal, it wouldn't be their elite disciples who would take action, but the old monsters in their sects. At that time, perhaps the entire Central Domain would be plunged into an abyss of misery and suffering. Although the Rising Dragon Platform was a great treasure, it wasn't worth it.
After the Cloud Hall, Blood Wood Cliff, Dark Yin Mansion, and other sects had all accepted this proposal, the World Business Alliance started preparing in Tianqi City. They planned to hold the martial arts competition in the Central Domain three months later.
Within the Central Domain, all the young geniuses from different sects were rubbing their palms together. If they could help their sects obtain the Rising Dragon Platform, it would be a great achievement. In the future, all the resources from their sects would be given to them! Even if they couldn't get first place, the top ten would still receive very generous rewards. With the World Business Alliance's generosity, these rewards were probably something that even the old monsters in the False Tribulation Realm would be tempted by!
In the Central Domain, this matter had already spread like wildfire. It was said that some of the descendants of the old monsters in seclusion had also come out, wanting to participate in this martial arts competition!
However, in a remote city in the True Dragon World, Luo Zheng knew nothing about this. He was still focused on receiving the training of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
After being baptized by the laws, Luo Zheng had improved the laws on the other obelisks. However, Luo Zheng didn't randomly choose an obelisk to climb.
Whether it was the laws of space or the laws of thunder, they were divided into ten levels. The effects of each level were different, but the deeper one's comprehension, the greater the effect! The laws recorded on these obelisks only recorded the first level, which was the easiest level to understand.
The obelisks he chose were those that recorded the Origin Laws of thunder, fire, earth, wind, and so on. These Origin Laws were almost the composition of the entire material world. If one wanted to reach the Great Accomplishment Stage of many cultivation methods, they would need to make a breakthrough in the laws. Comprehending these basic laws wouldn't do him any harm.
After spending a full three days, Luo Zheng climbed one obelisk after another, comprehending the first level of the Origin Laws.
Besides these obelisks that recorded the power of Origin Laws, Luo Zheng didn't climb the other obelisks that recorded the power of Origin Laws.
For example, Luo Zheng found the power of Origin Laws on one of the obelisks very familiar. Luo Zheng could feel a strong sword intent and faint lightning from that obelisk. The power of Origin Laws on this obelisk evolved from the laws of thunder and metal. It should be the extreme thunder sword intent that Hua Tianming was cultivating. Presumably, some almighty figure of the Dragon Bloodline Clan had also once cultivated the extreme thunder sword intent.
In three days, Luo Zheng had climbed nine obelisks. This speed not only made Elder Wei gasp in amazement, but also made Zhao Zheng extremely jealous.
Some cultivators who ascended to the True Dragon World would stay at the foot of an obelisk for a year, or even several years.
Not all cultivators had an affinity with Laws. For example, some cultivators who cultivated thunder attribute cultivation methods urgently needed to comprehend the laws of thunder, but their affinity with the laws of thunder was very poor. As a result, the speed at which they comprehended the obelisks was very slow. It would take them a long time to climb to the top of the obelisk. In the most extreme cases, they might not even be able to fully comprehend the laws of thunder in their lifetime.
Among the cultivators sitting at the foot of the obelisks, such examples could be found everywhere.
But Luo Zheng had comprehended nine types of Origin Laws in just three days. The shock he brought to these people could be imagined!
Three days later, under the guidance of Elder Wei, Luo Zheng went to the next area.
"Our assessment of the Dragon Bloodline Ascenders is like this. First, we assess their comprehension of Laws, because Laws are the most important thing to a cultivator! Only after passing will we proceed to the next round of training. The second round is soul training, "Elder Wei explained to Luo Zheng in detail. Elder Wei was very patient and explained everything to Luo Zheng in detail.
"Soul training …" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Luo Zheng's soul had not undergone systematic training. In fact, the Eastern Territory did not have such conditions. His soul had initially been smelted by the mysterious furnace, and he had also cultivated the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》. He had also swallowed a lot of Black Demon Nightmares' soul essence.
Although Luo Zheng's soul was still stronger than the vast majority of cultivators at the same level, it was very necessary for him to undergo targeted training.
After arriving at his destination, Luo Zheng saw a strange black sphere floating in the sky! This black sphere was about two hundred feet in diameter. On the surface of the black sphere, purple lightning constantly curled up. Looking through the surface of the black sphere, Luo Zheng seemed to see a black thing constantly tumbling inside.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng seemed to feel a heavy pressure from this black sphere. This pressure did not come from the body, but from the soul.
Elder Wei said faintly, "This is an Owl Beast Resentful Spirit. Its soul has reached the War Soul Realm, and it is a Jade War Soul."
"War Soul? Jade War Soul? "Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 429
Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with what Elder Wei was talking about. He had never heard of such things in the Eastern Region.
Actually, it wasn't hard to understand. The strongest warrior in the Eastern Region was Shi Jingtian, and even Shi Jingtian didn't have a Combat Soul, let alone a Green Jade Combat Soul.
It seemed like Elder Wei had expected Luo Zheng's reaction. If Luo Zheng had reached the Divine Core realm, he might have had a chance to learn about Combat Souls. But, Luo Zheng was only a Peak Xiantian warrior, so it was normal that he hadn't heard of it.
But, because of Luo Zheng's previous performance, Elder Wei didn't react to Luo Zheng's ignorance. Instead, he started explaining to Luo Zheng in detail. "The so-called Combat Soul is actually our soul."
Apart from some special races who were born with powerful souls, no matter if it was a human's soul or the souls of any other races, they were all very fragile.
Once a soul was damaged, even the slightest damage would cause a person's spirit to become sluggish, and they wouldn't be able to recover for a few days. If the soul was damaged, the person would become an idiot. If the soul was shattered, the person's body would quickly vanish.
But, if a person's soul was strong enough, not only would he be able to throw his soul into a fight, he would even be able to fight with his soul!
But, this required his soul to go through strict training, and he would have to step into the Combat Soul realm.
"Combat Soul realm … how can I step into it?" Hearing Elder Wei's explanation, Luo Zheng was fascinated.
Elder Wei let out a laugh, as if he had a sense of superiority, "In the Lower Realm, of course, you wouldn't have the chance to do so. Even if you broke through to the Combat Soul realm, or even the Green Jade Combat Soul, you would have to rely on a great opportunity. That's why the souls of warriors in the Lower Realm aren't strong enough. But, your soul is pretty good among all Xiantian realm beings, and it's even comparable to those in the Divine Reflection realm. But, you still need more training before you can step into the Combat Soul realm. "
Because Luo Zheng's soul had been calcined by the mysterious furnace, Luo Zheng was very confident in the strength of his soul. But, he could tell that Elder Wei was trying to be polite, but he was implying that his soul was still too weak.
Although Luo Zheng had this thought, he wasn't depressed. If he wasn't strong enough, then he would have no choice but to improve himself!
"Elder Wei, what kind of training method is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
Elder Wei chuckled and pointed at the black ball. "Put your soul into it and you will understand."
"Infuse my soul into it?" Luo Zheng was stunned, and then shook his head reflexively. "Elder Wei, you must be joking."
Although Luo Zheng wasn't sure how powerful the Green Jade Fighting Soul was, the pressure from the black sphere wasn't something that Luo Zheng could withstand. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, if he were to confront the vengeful spirit head-on, he would be instantly killed. Currently, Luo Zheng's soul wasn't even at the War Soul Realm.
Seeing Luo Zheng's concern, Elder Wei just said, "Don't worry. Since we set up this kind of training, we naturally won't send you to your death. The other warriors are also cultivating here."
Elder Wei pointed at the warriors around the black sphere. The souls of these warriors had already entered the black sphere, so their bodies were either sitting or lying down around the black sphere.
"Entering the black sphere for training is an opportunity only for the elites of the clan who ascended from the lower realm. You must take advantage of it. It will benefit you a lot," Elder Wei continued. Then, Elder Wei told Luo Zheng some things to pay attention to when entering the black sphere.
After listening to Elder Wei, Luo Zheng didn't have any more concerns. He nodded and walked towards the black sphere. After sitting down cross-legged, Luo Zheng extended his soul into the black sphere. Just as Luo Zheng's soul entered the black sphere, he found that his soul was in a pitch-black space.
As soon as he stepped into the black sphere, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly felt a sharp pain. It was as if countless flying daggers were stabbing his body, piercing his soul and riddling it with holes. He also felt as if his naked body was being surrounded by frost and roasted by flames …
"Ge ge ge …" Luo Zheng's teeth trembled uncontrollably. He simply couldn't control his trembling.
A soul without the protection of a physical body was very fragile. Even though Luo Zheng's soul was stronger than other warriors of the same realm, it hadn't undergone a complete transformation. He was completely unable to bear this kind of pain.
Enduring the sharp pain, Luo Zheng saw a little light yellow flame around the pitch-black space. Under this kind of pressure, Luo Zheng didn't have time to think and rushed towards the light.
The closer he got to the light yellow flame, the less pressure Luo Zheng felt on his soul. He felt the warmth of the flame. It was like a bonfire in a world of ice and snow, or an oasis in a desert.
When Luo Zheng got closer, the light emitted by the flame constantly repaired Luo Zheng's damaged soul.
It wasn't until now that Luo Zheng could clearly see that the souls of many martial artists were surrounding this small oil lamp for warmth.
In this pitch-black space, these small oil lamps were scattered around. It was these small oil lamps that emitted a gentle light that protected the souls of these martial artists, preventing them from being destroyed by the powerful pressure.
And in the center of this space, a giant Moonkin Evil Spirit was firmly fixed in place by chains formed from lightning. This terrifying soul pressure was coming from the Moonkin Evil Spirit.
From time to time, martial artists would leave the protection of the small oil lamp and receive the scouring and destruction of the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul pressure. If they couldn't hold on any longer, they would return to the small oil lamp and allow it to repair their souls.
This soul tempering method was very similar to when Luo Zheng first obtained the mysterious furnace and underwent his first soul tempering. Both methods allowed the soul to be constantly destroyed and repaired. However, the pain that Luo Zheng experienced at that time was a hundred times more intense than now, and the speed at which the light emitted by the furnace repaired his soul was countless times faster!
It was also because of that tempering that Luo Zheng's soul had become incomparably tough.
There were many similarities between the cultivation methods of the world, and the cultivation methods of the Dragon Vein Human Clan were also the same.
The soul was constantly beaten and tempered, gradually becoming stronger. But in the lower realms, there were no small oil lamps that could repair one's soul. Destroying one's soul like this would only turn one into an idiot in the end.
But with this small oil lamp, this situation would be much better.
For Luo Zheng, this kind of cultivation opportunity was something that could only be encountered by chance. Luo Zheng would naturally seize this opportunity to cultivate.
After Luo Zheng's soul was almost completely repaired, he rushed out of the range of the small oil lamp. But just as he stepped out of the range of the small oil lamp, the terrifying soul pressure once again swept towards Luo Zheng's soul.
The pain of the soul could not be alleviated by any means. One could only rely on willpower to forcibly endure it. Many martial artists were only able to persist for two or three breaths of time under the scouring of this soul pressure. Then, they turned around and ran towards the small oil lamp.
Luo Zheng firmly stood in place, enduring the impact of this soul pressure. After a while, his teeth began to chatter again.
"Endure it!" Luo Zheng said to himself.
One breath …
Two breaths …
Ten breaths …
At this time, Luo Zheng's soul was riddled with holes, like a tattered cotton jacket. His mind was also dizzy.
"Retreat!"
It wasn't until Luo Zheng felt that he was about to faint that he returned to the light of the small oil lamp. Under the illumination of the yellow light, Luo Zheng's soul began to repair itself little by little.
"Newcomer, do you really need to work so hard?" Beside the small oil lamp, a martial artist laughed and said.
These martial artists had all experienced the devastation of soul pressure before. They were very clear about what it felt like. Seeing Luo Zheng clench his teeth and persist for ten breaths of time on his first try, they were both surprised and jealous. Some of them had been here for a long time and could only persist for four or five breaths of time. But Luo Zheng could persist for ten breaths of time on his first try!
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and didn't speak. After his soul was completely repaired, Luo Zheng once again rushed out without hesitation.
Enduring the soul torment over and over again, Luo Zheng persisted for longer and longer under the soul pressure of the Moonkin Evil Spirit.
At first, he could only persist for ten breaths of time. Then, it became twelve breaths, twenty breaths, forty breaths …
Not long after, Luo Zheng was able to persist for an incense stick's worth of time.

Chapter 430
The souls within the black sphere would be covered by the soul pressure of the Moonkin Evil Spirit, but the distribution of the soul pressure wasn't uniform.
The closer one was to the outside, the smaller the soul pressure would be. The closer one was to the center, the greater the soul pressure would be.
From the center of the black sphere to the periphery, it was divided into six circles. Every time one walked a circle, the soul pressure would increase exponentially. At this moment, Luo Zheng was in the outermost circle, and the majority of the warriors were also in the outermost circle.
After cultivating in the outermost circle for half a day, Luo Zheng finally left the small oil lamp and stepped into the second circle after feeling that his soul had become stronger.
There was no need to mention the several martial artists around the small oil lamp. Some of them had already been in the black sphere for several months, but they still didn't dare to step into the second circle. But Luo Zheng had only cultivated for half a day and he had already stepped into the second circle …
In fact, Luo Zheng was able to step into the second circle in such a short time because his soul was stronger than ordinary warriors. On the other hand, his cultivation speed was much faster than others.
The vast majority of martial artists would only stay outside the small oil lamp for a few breaths of time before having to rest inside for a long time. This sort of soul-level pain was simply unbearable. But when Luo Zheng returned to the small oil lamp, he waited until his soul was restored and then immediately rushed out. Others might have needed two hours to cultivate, or even longer, but Luo Zheng had already gone back and forth a dozen times.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to step into the second circle, four warriors appeared at the edge of the black sphere, two men and two women. These four people were the four people that Luo Zheng had met before under the obelisk. One of them was Shuyue Kuang, who had provoked Luo Zheng.
Shuyue Kuang had suffered a serious blow from Luo Zheng when it came to comprehending the Laws. However, Shuyue Kuang was originally an extraordinary talent. After climbing the obelisk of the Law of Space, he had also climbed the obelisk of the Law of Fire. This talent could be considered outstanding among the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Ascendants.
However, this depended on who he was compared to. If Luo Zheng hadn't appeared, Shuyue Kuang would have been a top elite in Zhao Zheng's eyes and would have been highly recommended. However, Luo Zheng had been baptized by the Laws and had comprehended the Origin Laws other than the Law of Time in three days.
As a result, Shuyue Kuang was like a firefly competing with the sun, dim and without light.
Yue Kuang had always held a grudge against Luo Zheng. He had grown up under the title of "genius", and because Luo Zheng had stolen his limelight, he would not look for his own shortcomings. Instead, he would vent all his resentment on Luo Zheng.
With Shuyuekuang's personality, if not for the fact that he had just ascended and was unfamiliar with the human body and the land, he would have already stepped on Luo Zheng's face.
................. soul pressure?.................. ... . A blue light emerged from the surface of Shuyue Kuang's soul, completely enveloping him. The soul pressure of the Moonkin slammed into the blue light, but the blue light remained motionless, completely blocking the soul pressure.
The man and two women who came in with Shuyue Kuang were also covered in a layer of blue light, completely unaffected by the soul pressure of the Moonkin.
The great force that Shuyue Kuang belonged to was originally very proficient in cultivating the soul. Their clan had a secret technique that specialized in cultivating the soul, and Shuyue Kuang was a core member of his force. Therefore, his attainments in the soul had always been his pride! Until now, he had never met a peer whose soul was more powerful than his.
Many of the martial artists guarding the small oil lamps revealed looks of envy as they saw Shuyue Kuang's group of four leisurely strolling through the black light. They had been bitterly cultivating but still couldn't step into the second circle. But these four had just come in and didn't need to cultivate at all. How could they not be envious?
After Shuyue Kuang stepped into the second circle, the soul pressure he had to withstand suddenly doubled! But the blue light attached to his body remained motionless and was very stable. However, the other three were somewhat unable to withstand it. The blue light on their bodies swayed, and under the tearing of the soul pressure, many cracks appeared on its surface. Before the cracks disappeared, the three of them had already walked into the second layer of the oil lamps.
Shuyue Kuang saw that his three companions couldn't withstand the soul pressure of the second layer, and a faint smile appeared on his face. He planned to directly walk into the third circle, but at this moment, he saw Luo Zheng not far away.
"Ha, I finally caught this brat!" Shuyue Kuang's face revealed a touch of joy.
In other places, Shuyue Kuang wouldn't dare to make a move for fear of violating the taboo of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. After all, this was the Upper Realm. If he didn't get into trouble, who would protect him? Even the mighty figures in his family were nothing more than ants in the Upper Realm.
But in this black light, those who came in to cultivate were all martial artists from the Lower Realm. Who could control him?
Therefore, Shuyue Kuang walked toward Luo Zheng in a few steps.
Luo Zheng was concentrating on withstanding the soul pressure and tempering his soul. He didn't know that Shuyue Kuang was rushing toward him. The second circle of the black light was much closer to the Moonkin Beast resentful spirit. Although the soul pressure had only doubled, the pressure on Luo Zheng had increased by a lot.
Originally, in the first circle, Luo Zheng didn't need the little oil lamp to repair his soul to be able to move freely. But after entering the second circle, he was once again beaten back to his original state. After ten breaths of time, his soul reached its limit and he had no choice but to return to the little oil lamp.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw a blue shadow flash by his side. Unexpectedly, a soul crashed directly toward him!
Luo Zheng didn't expect that there would be someone fighting with him here. He frowned and dodged to the side at the critical moment. Then, he quickly stepped to the nearest oil lamp and his soul began to be repaired. Luo Zheng stared at his opponent.
"It's this guy again!" Luo Zheng's face showed anger. "I have no enmity with you. Why are you looking for trouble with me?"
Shuyue Kuang shrugged and laughed. "Do I need a reason? I just don't like you. "
Luo Zheng closed his eyes slightly. After the oil lamp had completely repaired his soul, he smiled coldly. "There are many people who don't like me. You're not one of them. But they all ended up in a miserable state. Are you sure you still want to find trouble with me?"
"Nonsense!" Shuyue Kuang sneered. The two hands on his soul began to change shape. From a pair of hands, they became two blades.
Looking at this change, Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly. "Transforming Soul into Blade!"
Luo Zheng cultivated the Soul-Scaring Thorn, which allowed him to transform his soul into a sharp thorn. Others could naturally transform a part of their soul into the shape of a saber. After transforming his hands into sabers, Shuyue Kuang slashed at Luo Zheng without any hesitation.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't stand there and let him slash at him. After leaving the oil lamp, Luo Zheng followed the second circle and rushed to the next oil lamp. It was indeed annoying to be interrupted while concentrating on one's cultivation. However, he just happened to run into a brainless guy!
"Brother Kuang is fighting with that guy again …"
"Nonsense. You know Yuekuang's character. When has he ever suffered a loss? Those who made him suffer a loss died miserably! "
"That guy stole Brother Kuang's limelight! He doesn't know what's good for him! "
The three people who were with Shuyue Kuang were standing beside the oil lamp and whispering. The three of them were originally led by Shuyue Kuang through the Rising Dragon Arena. Naturally, they stood on Shuyue Kuang's side.
As for the other martial artists who were cultivating their souls in the black sphere, they were all dumbfounded.
Cultivating under such intense soul pressure was originally a very torturous thing. It would be good enough if one didn't become an idiot. Now, there was actually someone who still had the energy to fight inside! This was really unreasonable! Seeing Luo Zheng being chased by Shuyue Kuang, many martial artists began to worry about Luo Zheng's fate!
If Luo Zheng's soul was slashed by Shuyue Kuang, coupled with the soul pressure, this kid would probably become an idiot.
It was said that when one cultivated in this black sphere, something like this had happened before. Some martial artists were too stubborn and stubbornly resisted the pressure of the soul. As a result, after their souls were damaged, they were unable to return to the small oil lamp and their souls were crushed alive.
"That kid is really miserable!"
"If it were me, I would take back my soul and temporarily stop cultivating!"
"That's right. Just leave the black sphere. Why are you still holding on?"

Chapter 431
Luo Zheng didn't expect to be chased by someone while he was in his soul form.
Not only did Luo Zheng have to withstand the pressure from his soul, he also had to keep running and dodging Shuyue Kuang's attacks.
"Die!" Shuyue Kuang fiercely swung his soul blades.
But, Luo Zheng's soul was as agile as a monkey. It was able to dodge between the gaps of Shuyue Kuang's attacks. If Shuyue Kuang wasn't paying attention to him, Luo Zheng would be able to escape, and quickly enter another oil lamp to repair his soul.
The second layer of the black sphere was a circle, and Shuyue Kuang had no choice but to chase after Luo Zheng. After running a few rounds, Luo Zheng's soul slowly adapted to the pressure from the second layer. Sometimes, he could even jump over a small oil lamp to repair his soul.
Seeing that he couldn't catch up to Luo Zheng, Shuyue Kuang became even angrier. He swung the two blades in his hands. "Soul martial skill, Warring Ghost's Dual Blades! Let me see how you're going to escape! "
Shuyue Kuang had once used this skill to kill a Divine Core warrior's soul with his Divine Reflection cultivation base!
In an instant, a green light started burning on the two blades. After that, he moved like a ghost and quickly approached Luo Zheng. He waved the two blades in his hands and thrust them toward Luo Zheng's soul.
Luo Zheng didn't have enough time to dodge the attack. If he was hit by the Warring Ghost's Dual Blades, his soul would be sliced into a few pieces.
"Soul martial skill? I have one too! "
Seeing that he couldn't dodge Shuyue Kuang's attack, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly turned into a sharp spike and thrust toward Shuyue Kuang.
"Frightening Spike!"
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng's Frightening Spike wasn't a soul martial skill, because the Soul Transforming Spike was similar to Shuyue Kuang's Soul Transforming Spike. It was just a martial skill that transformed a part of the soul into an offensive skill.
However, Luo Zheng had been dodging for so long and hadn't used the Frightening Spirit Thorn. Therefore, Kuang Shuyue thought that Luo Zheng was a coward who only knew how to run and had no ability to fight back.
Moreover, he had just used the Soul Martial Skill that he was so proud of. With his full concentration, he was determined to cut Luo Zheng's soul into pieces.
Suddenly, Luo Zheng launched a counterattack. A sharp Soul Spike pierced towards him. Caught off guard, how could he know how to dodge?
Without even blinking, Luo Zheng's Soul Spike pierced through Shuyue Kuang's soul!
"Ah!"
Shuyue Kuang let out a blood-curdling screech. The Soul Martial Skill that she had been preparing for a long time was instantly disintegrated. Luo Zheng didn't press the advantage. Instead, he distanced himself from Shuyue Kuang and continued to rush to the next oil lamp to repair his soul.
Since Shuyue Kuang's soul had been pierced, he could only find a small oil lamp to repair it. His eyes were like an angry leopard as he glared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's back was facing Shuyue Kuang. The corners of his mouth were slightly raised, revealing a meaningful smile.
Most of the martial artists in the black sphere weren't cultivating at this moment. Instead, they were squatting under the oil lamps and watching the show.
When Shuyue Kuang had used the Soul Martial Skill, these martial artists had been pointing and whispering. Basically, they all thought that Luo Zheng was going to lose. The only way left for him was to extract his soul from the black sphere.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly use a Soul Spike to turn the situation around. Not only did he escape safely, but he also dealt a fierce blow to the guy behind him.
"That brat is really calm. He didn't attack at first and waited until the guy behind him used the Soul Martial Skill to counterattack!"
"This is called planning far ahead. I feel that the guy behind him is being toyed with by that brat!"
"Actually, I think that he should treat evading the pursuit as a form of cultivation …"
"Are you kidding me? The Soul Pressure isn't enough for him to cultivate? Why does he need someone to chase after him? "
Although these martial artists didn't believe it, the more they watched, the more they understood what was going on. Luo Zheng was an abnormal monster, and he might really do this!
Shuyue Kuang's soul had a huge hole pierced by Luo Zheng. Although the pain was unbearable, under the light of the little oil lamp, the hole was quickly healed. The pain in his soul was unbearable, but what made Shuyue Kuang feel even worse was that his soul had been injured by this brat!
His soul was Shuyue Kuang's proudest possession. Years ago, when he was in the Lower Realm, the soul of that Divine Core warrior was killed by his Soul Martial Skill! How amazing was that? That incident had shaken the entire continent he was in!
But now, not only did his Soul Martial Skill not achieve any results, he was even injured by a Xiantian Realm warrior due to his carelessness.
Soul Transformation Spike? What the hell was that? It was something that couldn't be seen in public!
In the Eastern Realm, although the God Frightening Spike was a mysterious Heaven rank cultivation skill, it was classified as a Heaven rank cultivation skill because it was related to the Soul! In Shuyue Kuang's opinion, this was something that couldn't be seen in public! After all, this was the same spike. The first time it was used, it might be effective, but if it was used a second time, it would be useless.
However, in his anger, Shuyue Kuang had forgotten something. In a battle between martial artists, the outcome of the battle was usually decided in an instant. The original intention of the God Frightening Spike was to use it as a sneak attack, and he didn't plan on using it a second time. Therefore, the God Frightening Spike could be used to attack the opponent when they least expected it, and inflict severe damage to the opponent's soul. In fact, it was a very useful Soul Martial Skill.
However, in Shuyue Kuang's opinion, it was just a despicable method.
Unfortunately, he had suffered a loss because of it!
"I'm going to cut you to pieces!" Shuyue Kuang gnashed his teeth. Then, a blue light flashed on the surface of his body, and he chased after Luo Zheng again.
This time, Shuyue Kuang was on guard, and Luo Zheng's God Frightening Spike would have a hard time being effective. "Let's see how you're going to dodge my Soul Martial Skill!"
While Shuyue Kuang was repairing his soul, Luo Zheng was also seizing the time to cultivate. Now that he saw Shuyue Kuang chasing after him, Luo Zheng could only run in a second circle.
However, Shuyue Kuang seemed to have eaten some strong medicine. He immersed himself in chasing after Luo Zheng, not giving Luo Zheng a chance to catch his breath. This time, it didn't take long for him to catch up to Luo Zheng.
"Let's see how you're going to run this time! War Ghost Dual Blades! " Shuyue Kuang brandished his two blades. At the same time, he stared at Luo Zheng, on guard against Luo Zheng's Soul Spike.
However, just as his War Ghost Dual Blades were about to cut Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng smiled at Shuyue Kuang, blinked his eyes, and disappeared.
"Where, where is he?!" In his excitement, Shuyue Kuang didn't react for a moment.
"Brother Kuang! He pulled his soul back! "
"His soul left the black sphere and returned to his body!"
At this time, Shuyue Kuang was closer to his two female companions, and they reminded him.
"I know!" Shuyue Kuang roared angrily. He wasn't an idiot, so how could he not know? Soon after, Shuyue Kuang's soul also disappeared into the black sphere, and he also pulled his soul back to his body.
The moment Shuyue Kuang's soul returned to his body, he suddenly opened his eyes. He saw Luo Zheng not far away, waving his arms and stretching his neck. He immediately became angry.
With a big stride, Shuyue Kuang rushed to Luo Zheng's front. "You, go to hell!" Shuyue Kuang was about to attack.
Luo Zheng faced an extremely powerful Divine Reflection expert, and said with a smile, "Are you sure you want to attack me here?"
Shuyue Kuang's face froze. He looked at the guards standing around him, and his raised fist suddenly froze in the air.
Ever since Shuyue Kuang entered the city, he couldn't see through the strength of these guards and elders, and he couldn't understand them! But needless to say, the strength of these powerful people from the upper world must be beyond his imagination. It was definitely not a good decision to attack in front of these guards.
"Over there, private fights are forbidden in the city. Violators will be imprisoned for a thousand years!" A guard said coldly.
Shuyue Kuang loosened his fist angrily, and pointed at Luo Zheng, and said, "If you have the guts, don't enter the black sphere to cultivate for the rest of your life!" Then he returned to his position.
Facing this kind of threat, Luo Zheng's face was full of smiles. He stretched his body, and once again entered the black sphere.
He had just entered the black sphere, and stepped into the first circle of the black sphere, when Shuyue Kuang also came in from the other side of the black sphere. Luo Zheng quickly stepped into the second circle, and cultivated according to his own plan.
However, Shuyue Kuang's perseverance was really good, and it seemed that he was going all out. As long as he cultivated in the second circle, Shuyue Kuang would chase Luo Zheng to kill him.
Luo Zheng also tried his best to find opportunities to cultivate. In any case, when he couldn't avoid Shuyue Kuang's Soul Martial Skill, he would pull his soul out of the black sphere.
Kuang Shuyue's stubbornness made one's hair stand on end. He clearly couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng, but he still chased after Luo Zheng over and over again. After repeating this over ten times, Luo Zheng's soul was finally able to withstand the soul pressure of the second ring. Without any hesitation, he stepped into the third ring.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 432
The Soul Coercion of the third circle was twice as strong as that of the second circle, and four times stronger than that of the first circle!
Under this kind of Soul Coercion, Luo Zheng's soul was crushed like a rag the moment he entered the third circle.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was already prepared. When he entered the third circle, he went straight for the small oil lamp.
Shuyue Kuang was unyielding and followed closely behind Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng entered the third circle, Shuyue Kuang also followed closely behind.
However, when he entered the third circle, Shuyue Kuang's complexion suddenly changed.
Although the layer of blue light on the surface of his soul was strong, it still couldn't withstand the Soul Coercion of the third circle. As soon as Shuyue Kuang entered the third circle, the blue light on the surface of his soul instantly cracked.
Although Shuyue Kuang's soul was strong, even stronger than Luo Zheng's soul by two times, he couldn't withstand the Soul Coercion that was four times stronger. He could only endure the devastation of the Soul Coercion. He could only find a small oil lamp nearby and stick to it.
The outer circle was the largest and the inner circle was the smallest. Compared to the first circle, the circumference of the third circle was much smaller.
Therefore, in the first circle, there were 32 small oil lamps. In the second circle, there were 16 small oil lamps. In the third circle, there were 8 small oil lamps. In the fourth circle, there were 4 small oil lamps. In the fifth circle, there were 2 small oil lamps. In the sixth circle, which was very close to the evil spirit, there was only one small oil lamp!
Although Shuyue Kuang was now staring at Luo Zheng, waiting for an opportunity to act, the blue light on the surface of his soul was no longer able to withstand the Soul Coercion. This meant that he was standing on the same starting line as Luo Zheng.
When Shuyue Kuang rushed out of the small oil lamp, Luo Zheng also rushed to the next small oil lamp. Then, both of them relied on the small oil lamp to restore their souls …
In this way, the two of them circled around the small oil lamps. Shuyue Kuang couldn't close the distance between him and Luo Zheng.
Many of the warriors watching the show under the small oil lamps were speechless. Shuyue Kuang was so persistent, but Luo Zheng's progress was too fast, right? Unknowingly, he had already stepped into the third circle!
Cultivating in the black sphere would increase the strength of one's soul very quickly. As long as one could step into the sixth circle, one's soul would be considered to have stepped into the Combat Soul Realm!
There was a word "Battle" in the "War Soul Realm", which meant that one's soul could be directly used in battle. After stepping into the War Soul Realm, one's soul would be reborn! Not only were they not weak, on the contrary, their souls could be infused into their weapons to kill their enemies.
Even if it was casually imbued into the falling petals, the strength of the falling petals would be comparable to an immortal artifact or even a saint artifact! This was the strength of a Fighting Soul!
The warriors who entered the black sphere to cultivate all wanted their souls to enter the Combat Soul Realm. However, was it really that easy to enter the Combat Soul Realm? The cultivation of one's soul had nothing to do with one's cultivation. That was why many Late Divine Core Realm and even False Tribulation Realm warriors' souls were unable to touch the threshold of the Combat Soul Realm.
"Brother Kuang seems to have gone crazy. He won't be able to catch up to that brat like this!"
"Yue Kuang, why are you doing this? It's just a thankless task to keep chasing. Even if you catch up with Luo Zheng, what can you do to him?"
"Sigh … there's no other way. Brother Kuang is a proud man in the lower realm. It's understandable that he's taken things too hard after being hit by that brat. "
Even Shuyue Kuang's three companions couldn't stand it anymore. However, Shuyue Kuang's determination to kill Luo Zheng didn't diminish at all. What Shuyue Kuang didn't know was that as he continued to chase, Luo Zheng's soul was becoming stronger and stronger!
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had come out from a small oil lamp. He couldn't resist the pressure of his soul and needed to quickly enter the next lamp. However, as time passed, Luo Zheng could pass through two lamps in one breath. Then, he passed through three lamps. The distance between the two of them was getting further and further.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng had circled around and was behind Shuyue Kuang that Shuyue Kuang finally reacted. He turned around and chased after Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, almost all the warriors were amused. This Shuyue Kuang was probably fooled by Luo Zheng's teasing …
The third lap lasted for about four hours. Luo Zheng faintly smiled and stepped into the fourth lap!
The soul pressure in the fourth lap was eight times that of the first lap!
Since Luo Zheng stepped in, Shuyue Kuang also wanted to follow. But as his three companions saw that Shuyue Kuang was about to enter, they quickly stopped him, "Shuyue Kuang! What are you doing? The soul pressure in the fourth lap isn't something you can withstand! "
Shuyue Kuang was already having a hard time withstanding the soul pressure in the third lap. The blue light that he was so proud of had already lost its effect in the face of a soul pressure that was four times stronger than normal, much less a soul pressure that was eight times stronger!
Luo Zheng easily stepped into a small oil lamp, but Shuyue Kuang was in a miserable state. As soon as he stepped into the fourth lap, his soul began to disintegrate at a visible speed!
Shuyue Kuang's three companions could only worry helplessly. The three of them couldn't even enter the third lap, so how could they enter the fourth lap to save Shuyue Kuang?
They could only watch helplessly as Shuyue Kuang's soul disintegrated!
Shuyue Kuang finally woke up from the intense pain in his soul. Previously, he could be considered to have been possessed, or perhaps it could be said that he was so angry that he wanted to chase after Luo Zheng no matter what! But now, he discovered that stepping into the fourth lap was actually stepping into a hopeless situation. If he couldn't get close to the small oil lamp or return to the third lap, his soul would face the fate of disintegration! Then, his body would become a soulless shell!
In this moment of life and death, Shuyue Kuang could only activate his family's secret technique! Soul Ignition!
"Chi …"
A faint flame appeared on the surface of his soul. That was the Soul Fire!
Soul Ignition was even more serious than burning the blood essence in the body! But at this moment, Shuyue Kuang couldn't care less. The moment he ignited his soul, the Soul Fire barely blocked the soul pressure that was eight times stronger. He took advantage of this opportunity to withdraw and return to the third lap, allowing the small oil lamp to repair his soul …
Although the small oil lamp could repair Shuyue Kuang's damaged soul, it couldn't repair a soul that had been burned. It would have a great impact on Shuyue Kuang.
At this moment, Shuyue Kuang's face was ashen! Luo Zheng's small oil lamp wasn't far from Shuyue Kuang, but Shuyue Kuang couldn't withstand the soul pressure that was eight times stronger. If he tried to force his way in, his soul would disintegrate before he could even get close to the small oil lamp.
Seeing the faint smile on Luo Zheng's face, Shuyue Kuang felt a deep sense of defeat in his heart.
Previously, he had lost to Luo Zheng in terms of comprehension of the power of laws. But, soul cultivation was Shuyue Kuang's forte!
In his own domain, he had been beaten black and blue. How strong was this sense of defeat? But at this moment, besides feeling helpless, there was nothing else he could do …
After Luo Zheng entered the fourth lap, he couldn't be bothered with Shuyue Kuang anymore. Instead, he focused on tempering his soul.
In the fourth lap, he was very close to the Moonkin Evil Spirit. The Moonkin Evil Spirit's large eyes were firmly fixed on Luo Zheng. This Moonkin Evil Spirit's appearance was like a big bear. Its face was like a dragon's, but it had a bird's beak. It looked extremely vicious!
Suddenly, the Moonkin Evil Spirit opened its large beak and let out a strange cry.
"Ga!"
Following the Moonkin Evil Spirit's strange cry, black Evil Spirits appeared in the fourth lap.
These Evil Spirits weren't large, but they looked like small Moonkin Evil Spirits. They wandered back and forth in the fourth lap.
"This …" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
The fourth lap was very close to the Moonkin Evil Spirit. The soul pressure had already increased by eight times. This was already a huge test for Luo Zheng. But now, he still had to deal with these Evil Spirits?
Fortunately, these Evil Spirits didn't dare to approach the small oil lamp. As long as Luo Zheng didn't go out, he would be safe …
But as soon as Luo Zheng stepped out of the small oil lamp's range, these Evil Spirits would pounce on Luo Zheng. This was too difficult.
At this time, Qinglong, who had been silent for a long time, finally spoke.
Ever since Luo Zheng had started cultivating, Qinglong hadn't said anything. Now that he spoke, Luo Zheng didn't have a good premonition …
"Luo Zheng, after you enter the sixth floor, I'm going to devour that Moonkin Evil Spirit," Qinglong suddenly said.
"Devour that Moonkin Evil Spirit!" Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked. The Moonkin Evil Spirit's strength was unimaginable. It was already so difficult for a War Soul Realm cultivator to enter the sixth floor. Moreover, this Moonkin Evil Spirit was a Blue Soul Realm cultivator! It was a realm higher than the War Soul Realm!

Chapter 433
Qinglong chuckled and said, "Don't worry. This Moonkin Evil Spirit has been bound by the Yin-Yang Thunder Lock and is extremely weak. It's about the same as me. You just have to think of a way to break the Yin-Yang Thunder Lock. Leave the rest to me!"
Luo Zheng said bitterly, "How can I do that? Even if you really have the ability to swallow this Moonkin Evil Spirit, how am I going to explain it if it suddenly dies? "
This Moonkin Evil Spirit with the Green Jade Fighting Soul must not have been easy to capture. If Luo Zheng swallowed it in front of everyone, he would not be able to explain it!
"I don't care. Pretend to be crazy … I'll leave it to you. Anyway, if you help me swallow this Moonkin Evil Spirit, it will be very beneficial for you," Qinglong said with a chuckle.
Very beneficial. Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat when he heard Qinglong's words. With Qinglong's experience, if he said it was good, it would definitely be good!
"What exactly is the benefit? Tell me first! "Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"A part of this Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul will be used to nourish me. I plan to use the other part to awaken my Seventh Brother. The remaining part will be used to help you plant a Soul Seed," Qinglong said calmly.
"Awaken my Seventh Brother?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
There were nine real dragons in Luo Zheng's mind. In the beginning, these nine real dragons were like dead objects. After Luo Zheng injected a lot of Heaven's Derivation Essence and swallowed the Flood Dragon Bone Spear, Qinglong slowly recovered, although the recovery speed was very slow.
As for the other eight True Dragons, they were now like dead objects. They were coiled around the walls of the huge furnace, as if they were sculptures on the walls of the furnace. There was not the slightest bit of vitality.
Luo Zheng knew that the Seventh Brother that Qinglong mentioned should be one of the dragons on the furnace wall. However, Luo Zheng did not know which one it was.
Although Qinglong had returned to the Zhenlong World, he could not show himself for some reason. Once Luo Zheng finished his training and returned to the Mortal World, it would be difficult for him to encounter such a powerful soul. Even if he did, Luo Zheng or Qinglong would be no match for it. Therefore, this was an opportunity for Qinglong.
"Seventh Brother is good at refining the body. Your body has been refined by the furnace and is now a Spiritual Weapon! If you go one step further, it will evolve into an Immortal Weapon. After you enter the Innate Secret Realm, the warm current from refining your body can only cleanse your Dantian. It's not very useful. It would be a waste if you don't use it to refine your body! "Qinglong said lightly.
In fact, what Azure Dragon wanted to say was that Luo Zheng's physique was so special that even if one searched through millions of Boundless Worlds and 100,000 Boundless Worlds, there wouldn't be a second existence like it. If Luo Zheng's body continued to strengthen like this, even Azure Dragon didn't know what would happen!
"Refining the body?" Luo Zheng nodded lightly.
It wasn't that he hadn't thought of cultivating both body and energy at the same time, but the Body Tempering Technique wasn't popular in the Eastern and Central Regions, and all the masters he had met were basically cultivating True Essence! Body Refiners, on the other hand, walked a different path, and that was to cultivate Vital Essence.
Compared to Real Vitality, Vital Spirit was better at exploding the body. It was more direct and fierce.
However, dual cultivation was destined to be an extremely difficult path. Very few humans were able to take it!
After a moment of silence, he nodded and his eyes shone brightly. Although Luo Zheng had made great progress, he was still too weak! If Luo Zheng were to face the Eastern Heretic King, Cui Xie, he would be killed in the blink of an eye!
At this thought, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly trembled. He did not even ask what the "Soul Seed" was. Instead, he chose to rush towards the small Vengeful Owls.
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng did not cultivate any Soul Martial Skills. However, the Frightening Divine Thorn was very effective. Although there were many small Vengeful Owls, their strength was not as strong as he had imagined.
After killing a few of them, he quickly retreated to the small oil lamp's range. He repeated this process repeatedly and his soul became stronger.
Many warriors looked at Luo Zheng in the Inner Circle and could only sigh. With their cultivation speed, they did not know when they would be able to enter the Inner Circle and enter the Combat Soul Realm.
However, Luo Zheng continued to enter the Inner Circle. In the blink of an eye, he had already entered the Fourth Circle. Some warriors could not help but sigh in their hearts. There was no way to compare with others.
However, after Luo Zheng entered the Fourth Circle, the strengthening of his soul slowed down. After killing for two days and two nights in the Fourth Circle, Luo Zheng retreated from the Black Sphere. After resting for a day, he entered the Black Sphere again to cultivate.
On the third day, Luo Zheng finally broke through the Fourth Circle and entered the Fifth Circle. As long as he entered the Sixth Circle, Qinglong would take action.
Luo Zheng also knew that although Qinglong made it sound easy, in fact, with Qinglong's current weak strength, it would be difficult for him to devour the Evil Owl Beast. However, both Luo Zheng and Qinglong could not ignore the huge benefits that came with devouring the Evil Owl Beast.
Just as Luo Zheng was cultivating crazily day and night, Zhao Zheng walked to the huge teleportation platform in the city and threw a Transmission Jade Pendant into it.
The True Dragon World was known as a world. The size of this world was unimaginable!
Even though the Human Clan of the Dragon Bloodline only occupied one ten-thousandth of the True Dragon World, the Transmission Jade Pendant had to travel a distance of three trillion billion miles to reach the Fire Dragon Palace where Zhao Zheng was. Therefore, it cost a lot to send a Transmission Jade Pendant. If it were not for Luo Zheng, he would never do such a thing.
Over the past few days, Zhao Zheng had specially looked through the ancient records. In the past ten thousand years, there had only been one Baptism of the Laws. That was a person called Meng Ke from eight thousand four hundred years ago. That person was now the Palace Lord of the Jade Dragon Palace.
Therefore, it could be said that Luo Zheng was a once-in-ten-thousand-years genius!
It did not mean that Luo Zheng would definitely ascend to the position of Palace Lord of the Human Clan of the Dragon Bloodline after receiving the Baptism of the Laws. After all, there were too many factors affecting a genius' growth. Luck, cultivation, epiphany, coincidence, fate …
But at least it proved that Luo Zheng had a chance.
The Fire Dragon Palace would not let such a person go.
However, Zhao Zheng did not know that as early as six hours ago, Elder Wei had also sent a Transmission Jade Pendant to the Dragon Abyss Palace which was two hundred and fifty billion miles away. After all, Elder Wei was older than Zhao Zheng. He knew that Zhao Zheng was scheming and would never give up. Therefore, he decided to take the first step and invite the elders of the palace. This way, even if they missed out on Luo Zheng, the Dragon Abyss Palace would not blame him. And if the elders sent by the Dragon Abyss Palace could not compete with the Fire Dragon Palace … it would not be Elder Wei's problem.
While Elder Wei and Zhao Zheng were waiting for reinforcements, Luo Zheng circled the Evil Spirit closer and closer to it.
How difficult was it to break through to the Combat Soul Realm? Just by looking at the warriors from the Dragon Vein Clan who had ascended, most of them were distributed in the first circle. A few of them were distributed in the second circle, and only a few of them were distributed in the third circle.
There was no one in the fourth circle. Only Luo Zheng was fighting alone in the fifth circle!
"Caw …"
The Evil Spirit in the middle of the black sphere seemed to have sensed something. Perhaps it had discovered that there was a powerful soul hidden in Luo Zheng's body.
After Luo Zheng entered the fifth circle, it kept cawing and became restless. However, the Yin Yang Lightning Lock had firmly held it in place. Other than using its soul pressure, it had no other way to deal with Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng was able to withstand the pressure, the other warriors in the black sphere had a hard time. Many of them were swayed by the waves of soul pressure released by the Evil Spirit.
"Crack …"
Under the waves of soul pressure, a crack suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's soul as soon as he walked out of the small oil lamp. After being tempered in the black sphere, his soul had become extremely sturdy. Even if it was damaged, only cracks would appear on the surface. It was unlike before, when the soul pressure could easily penetrate his soul.
In the fifth circle, Luo Zheng spent a lot of time. It took him a total of thirteen days to get used to it. At this point, Luo Zheng's soul had become extremely sturdy. Even if Shuyue Kuang were to slash at his soul with both blades, it would not be able to cause any damage.
At this time, Luo Zheng asked, "Qinglong, are you ready? I'm going to enter the sixth circle. "
Qinglong said in a serious tone, "You have to be careful after the sixth circle! The moment I break the Yin Yang Lightning Lock, I might trigger an even stronger soul pressure. "
Luo Zheng was in the form of a soul. Naturally, he did not take a deep breath. He just quietly looked at the huge Evil Spirit in front of him. Then, he rushed toward the sixth circle!
Many warriors thought that Luo Zheng was trying to break through to the War Soul Realm. However, what they did not know was that Luo Zheng was not trying to break through to the War Soul Realm. Instead, he was going straight for the Evil Spirit.
At this time, the huge teleportation array in the city lit up. A man in a large fur coat appeared from the teleportation array. His eyes seemed to be burning. After he walked out of the teleportation array, he calmly looked around.

Chapter 434
This vice leader was called Nian Yang. He was a powerful figure in the Fire Dragon Palace, second only to the leader. His strength was unimaginably strong.
The fact that the Fire Dragon Palace was willing to send out a vice leader was enough to show how important Luo Zheng was to the Fire Dragon Palace.
Zhao Zheng was also very excited. If he could really get Luo Zheng to join the Fire Dragon Palace, it would be a great achievement for him!
"Where's the kid who's undergoing the baptism? Where is he? "Nian Yang asked indifferently when he saw Zhao Zheng.
"Vice Leader Nian, he's already undergoing elite training and is tempering his soul!" Zhao Zheng said eagerly.
"Bring me there." Nian Yang's face was expressionless, but his eyes were burning with fire.
Soon, Zhao Zheng and Nian Yang arrived at the training ground. Standing at the edge of the training ground, Nian Yang asked, "Which one is Luo Zheng?"
Zhao Zheng pointed, and Nian Yang's gaze focused on a young man with delicate features. Nian Yang sized him up. Just as Zhao Zheng had said, this young man looked very ordinary. His bone age was also very young, less than 18 years old, and he was at the peak of the Xiantian realm.
"Did he really touch those obelisks and undergo the baptism?" Nian Yang asked.
"It's true. I wouldn't dare to joke about this," Zhao Zheng said hurriedly.
"Mm, when he's done, I'll talk to him." A smile appeared on Nian Yang's face. With his status in the Fire Dragon Palace, there were probably hundreds of millions of people who wanted to join. It was too easy to rope in a little fellow who had just come up from the lower realm, and was a Xiantian lifeform at that.
However, just as Nian Yang finished speaking, the black ball that was floating not far away suddenly started to vibrate!
"Bang … Crack …"
The Yin-Yang Thunder Lock on the surface of the black ball actually started to break inch by inch!
"What's going on?" The flames in Nian Yang's eyes flickered. "Isn't this Yin-Yang Thunder Lock imprisoning an evil spirit of an owl beast? How can this be? "
Zhao Zheng also didn't expect this to happen. He looked at the changes in front of him in horror.
Just as the Thunder Lock on the surface of the black ball kept breaking, many warriors who were cultivating in the black ball pulled their souls out.
"Quick, quick, quick! Run! "
The moment those martial artists retrieved their souls, they got up and began to flee!
Seeing the shocked and terrified looks of the martial artists before him, Zhao Zheng flew over, grabbed a martial artist, and asked, "What's wrong? What happened inside? "
"I … I don't know either. That kid rushed to the side of the evil spirit! The Lightning Lock was broken! The Moonkin Evil Spirit has also come out! " The martial artist said hesitantly. He didn't know Luo Zheng's name, but he knew that Luo Zheng had left a deep impression on many martial artists when he had broken through the black sphere layer by layer.
"Who is that kid?" Nian Yang asked.
The martial artist said again, "That kid? That kid is still sitting there! "The martial artist pointed at Luo Zheng and said.
Since the Yin Yang Lightning Lock was in a state of collapse, who would want to stay in the black sphere and die? All of the martial artists, including Crazed Book and Moon, ran away, afraid that they would be killed by that terrifying Moonkin Evil Spirit!
Now, Luo Zheng was the only one sitting there, motionless. He was very conspicuous.
Nian Yang frowned. "His soul is that strong? How could he get close to that Moonkin Evil Spirit? "
Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian lifeform …
"Of course! That kid went from the outermost circle to the innermost circle in half a month. It was when he got close to the Moonkin Evil Spirit that something happened! " The martial artist realized that Nian Yang was a big shot, so he calmed down a little and didn't run away like the other martial artists.
"Vice Palace Master Nian, I'm afraid that Luo Zheng has already …" Zhao Zheng said helplessly.
Nian Yang said indifferently, "No matter how monstrous he is, he has no chance of surviving the Moonkin Evil Spirit that has broken free from the Yin Yang Lightning Lock. I came here for nothing." Nian Yang looked at the black sphere in the sky with a complicated expression. If what the martial artist said was true, Luo Zheng had entered the innermost circle in less than a month, then Luo Zheng's talent was definitely worth the Fire Dragon Palace's effort.
"It's a pity that this kid is not lucky enough to enter our Fire Dragon Palace!" Zhao Zheng said regretfully.
At this moment, a few more people flew over from the sky. Flying was forbidden in this city. Those who could fly in the sky must be of high status.
The leader was a man in silver armor. He was burly and had dragon tattoos on both sides of his shoulders. He looked like a natural warrior!
Seeing that man, Nian Yang flew up and cupped his hands. "City Master Tang Jing!"
This man was the City Master, Tang Jing. His status in the Dragon Vein was higher than Nian Yang's.
"So Vice Palace Master Nian is here too. What happened here?" Tang Jing replied indifferently. His eyes were focused on the black sphere in the square. It took a lot of effort to capture the Moonkin Evil Spirit. After all, the Moonkin Evil Spirit with the Green Jade Fighting Soul was very difficult to deal with. Moreover, it took a lot of effort to capture the Moonkin Evil Spirit and set up the Yin Yang Lightning Lock to train the martial artist's soul.
However, training one's soul was not something that could be done overnight. In fact, although it was very effective to train one's soul, one would not be able to persevere without great perseverance. It was said that one could train one's soul to the War Soul Realm after entering the Sixth Circle, but in reality, there were very few people who could do it.
"City Master Tang Jing, I've just arrived. I heard something from a martial artist. It seems that this happened after a martial artist called Luo Zheng entered the Sixth Circle," Vice Palace Master Nian said, shaking his head.
"Luo Zheng!" Elder Wei, who was behind Tang Jing, shouted.
Tang Jing turned around and asked, "What? Is there something wrong with this person? " Hearing this name, Tang Jing did not react at all, because he had never heard of it before. Although Nian Yang had said that Luo Zheng had made it to the sixth circle, every ten years, there would always be someone with great perseverance who would make it to the sixth circle. It could only mean that this person had a strong will and a deep understanding of the soul.
"Luo Zheng is the stowaway that City Master Tang Jing specially approved … And he is only at the Peak of the Xiantian Realm. His soul is still very weak. How could he enter the Sixth Circle?" Elder Wei said in surprise.
At this time, Tang Jing's expression also changed slightly. "It's him?"
Some time ago, someone had indeed presented an inscription. There was a sentence in the inscription, which was left behind by "Qing Xuan", one of the 49 True Dragons in the Zhenlong Realm.
For City Master Tang Jing and the others, the 49 True Dragons were unattainable gods! It was impossible for them to even look up to them. After all, even the masters of the Human Dragon Tribe had to rely on the 49 True Dragons!
Back in the day, the "Nine Dragons Mystery Case" had happened. Nine of the forty-nine True Dragons were removed, and the whereabouts of the nine True Dragons had remained unknown. People like Tang Jing and the others could only see through the fog, unable to understand the top-level existences of the True Dragon Realm. They only knew that the nine True Dragons had gone missing …
A few days ago, when Tang Jing saw the Godly Inscription, he was very surprised and excited! If he could establish a relationship with a big shot like "Qing Xuan", it would be the luckiest thing he had ever done in his life! However, the words of the Dragon Tribe left in the Godly Inscription poured cold water on Tang Jing.
In the Godly Inscription, Qing Xuan told Tang Jing that this person was just an outsider he met by chance in his travels. When he entered the Rising Dragon Platform and ascended in the future, he could be regarded as a human of the Dragon Tribe and be cultivated equally! At the same time, it also warned Tang Jing not to disclose this matter. Otherwise, it would only lead to a fatal disaster!
Nine of the 49 Qinglong Dragons had been removed. The mystery of the Nine Dragons was full of mysteries. It must be full of shocking conspiracies.
Seeing Qing Xuan's last warning, the excited Tang Jing trembled. If he got involved in this kind of struggle, he would not even know how he died.
Therefore, Tang Jing dealt with this matter in a very low-key way. He did not even ask for the name of the stowaway!
It was not that Tang Jing was timid. To be able to become the Lord of a city, his courage and boldness far exceeded that of ordinary people. It was just that even the strongest human of the Dragon Tribe was not willing to get involved in a struggle of this level, let alone him, a mere Lord of a city.
Who would have thought that now, it was this stowaway called Luo Zheng who got into trouble …
"Elder Wei, is Luo Zheng the martial artist from the Lower Domain who went through the baptism of the laws?" A gentle voice floated out from Elder Wei's side. Then, a woman in a red palace dress walked out from behind him. This woman in palace dress was extremely beautiful. What left the deepest impression was in the middle of her eyebrows. There was a blood-red mole, fresh and crisp like raindrops, flashing with a seductive red light.
Seeing this person, the flames in Vice Palace Lord Nian's eyes flickered slightly. A smile that was neither yin nor yang appeared on his face. "So it's the Palace Lord of the Dragon Pool Palace. Long Yang greets you …"
The Dragon Pool Palace and the Fiery Dragon Palace had always been on bad terms. The Palace Lord of the Dragon Pool Palace did not pay attention to Nian Yang at all. Instead, he headed straight for the black sphere below.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 435
Palace Lord Long Yuan dashed towards the black sphere and entered it in an instant.
The Yin Yang Lightning Lock kept exploding on the surface of the black sphere, unleashing an incredible power, but it couldn't hurt Palace Lord Long Yuan at all.
Right when Palace Lord Long Yuan entered the black sphere, her beautiful eyes widened, and she let out a soft cry of surprise.
With her cultivation, even a perfect Evil Owl Beast Evil Spirit would be helpless against her, let alone this Evil Owl Beast Evil Spirit that was already extremely weak. It wasn't even worth mentioning.
What surprised her wasn't the Moonkin Evil Spirit, but Luo Zheng's soul.
The Moonkin Evil Spirit had disappeared without a trace! Only Luo Zheng's soul was left sitting alone in the center of the black sphere.
What was going on? Why did this happen? Why did the Moonkin Evil Spirit disappear? Palace Lord Long Yuan's face was filled with confusion. She couldn't figure out what had just happened!
"Crackle … crackle …"
The remaining lightning bolts unleashed by the Yin Yang Lightning Lock were getting weaker and weaker, but the surface of Luo Zheng's soul kept twisting, and a complicated color was emitting from the surface of his soul. It looked like the color of vegetable oil sprinkled on water.
"His soul is about to break through to the Combat Soul realm!" A solemn expression emerged on Palace Lord Long Yuan's face. She had come here for Luo Zheng, and had only heard from Sect Elder Wei that he had undergone the baptism of the Heavenly Laws. She had never expected him to break through to the Combat Soul realm! Wasn't this guy a Xiantian lifeform? How could he break through to the Combat Soul realm so quickly?
In Palace Lord Long Yuan's memory, the earliest warriors she had seen who had broken through to the Combat Soul realm were Divine Core warriors, and they were warriors with incredible innate talents. Many False Tribulation warriors' souls hadn't broken through to the Combat Soul realm! Wasn't this kid a little too special?
She tilted her head and took a few steps closer to Luo Zheng. Then, she stretched out her hand, and a red pill jumped out from her wrist. The pill wasn't round, it was a strange shape formed by a cluster of objects, and it kept jumping around, as if it was alive.
The Longyuan Palace Lord gently tossed the pill into Luo Zheng's soul.
Luo Zheng was focused on breaking through, but that didn't mean that he wasn't paying attention to his surroundings. He noticed that a lady dressed in a palace dress had appeared not far away. She then took out a strange object and threw it at him. His expression changed slightly, as he was in the critical period of breaking through to the Combat Soul Realm.
"Don't worry, this pill is very precious. It's good for your soul." At this time, Qinglong's voice floated over. He had just subdued the vengeful spirit of the Owl Beast, so Qinglong was also struggling. He only reminded Luo Zheng and didn't explain further.
However, this sentence was enough for Luo Zheng to feel at ease. He allowed the pill to enter his soul.
When the pill entered Luo Zheng's soul, it was like a ball of red ink, spreading out in water. The pill quickly spread to every part of Luo Zheng's soul …
Because of this pill, the colors on the surface of Luo Zheng's body quickly became unified, and his soul continued to stabilize. When it reached a limit, it suddenly exploded with a red light!
When the red light exploded, Luo Zheng's soul quickly returned to his body, and he suddenly opened his eyes!
When a person's soul was full and powerful, the first thing that would react would be his eyes. Therefore, it was common to see people with eyes that were "bright and full of spirit" and "seemed to be blooming with light."
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, his eyes were like two stars that were slowly rising in the night sky. With just this gaze, many warriors understood that Luo Zheng had broken through to the Combat Soul Realm!
The Combat Soul was something that many warriors dreamed of!
When a soul entered the Combat Soul Realm, the entire soul would be reborn, and it would no longer be as weak as before! Not only would it not be weak, it could even attach itself to a fallen leaf, or a flying flower, and use it to fight against enemies. This was the reason why a flying flower or a fallen leaf could hurt an enemy.
Breaking through to the Combat Soul Realm wasn't an easy task.
Even for Divine Core warriors, there were only a few who could break through to the Combat Soul Realm, and turn their weak souls into Combat Souls! Even most Void Tribulation warriors couldn't break through to the Combat Soul Realm!
But, this little peak Xiantian warrior in front of them had actually broken through to the Combat Soul Realm …
Those warriors who were cultivating with Luo Zheng weren't as shocked as them. After all, they had witnessed Luo Zheng step into the inner circle from the outer circle.
But, Tang Jing, Elder Wei, Nian Yang, and a few others didn't know what was going on inside the black sphere. They just found it unbelievable that a peak Xiantian warrior could possess a Combat Soul …
"Wait, this guy's Combat Soul seems to have a special attribute, why is that?" Tang Jing stared at Luo Zheng, as if he could sense a special aura emanating from Luo Zheng's body.
Elder Wei noticed it, so he smiled and said, "If I'm not mistaken, the Palace Master should have rewarded Luo Zheng with a 'Ganoderma Soul Pill' produced by the Dragon Pool Palace."
Nian Yang responded with a smile. "The Dragon Pool Palace is quite generous. Although the Ganoderma Soul Pill is precious, it's nothing special." After saying that, Nian Yang descended from the sky and said with an indifferent tone, "Luo Zheng, if you join the Fire Dragon Palace, I can guarantee you a bright future. It will be the best decision you'll ever make in your life!"
Luo Zheng looked at Nian Yang and furrowed his brows. He couldn't see through anyone's cultivation base, but Nian Yang's tone annoyed Luo Zheng. "Who are you? Why should I join the Fire Dragon Palace? "
"Ha, it doesn't matter who I am. You only need to know that there are hundreds of billions of warriors who want to join the Fire Dragon Palace, but only one out of hundreds of millions are qualified to enter! If you join the Fire Dragon Palace, not only will your future be bright, I will also reward you with fifty drops of True Dragon Blood on behalf of the Fire Dragon Palace! " Flames danced in Nian Yang's eyes. He was very confident in his offer. A single drop of True Dragon Blood was enough to excite a warrior from the lower realm, let alone fifty drops.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Thank you!"
A smile also appeared on Nian Yang's face. His guess was right. A Xiantian Full Circle brat probably didn't have much experience. 50 drops of True Dragon Blood would probably scare him to death. But soon, Nian Yang's smile froze again.
Because Luo Zheng immediately said, "No need, I don't want to join the Fire Dragon Palace."
"Why? Is fifty drops of True Dragon Blood not enough for you? It can greatly increase the density of your bloodline! " Nian Yang said involuntarily, the flames in his eyes burning fiercely. With his status and identity, he had obviously lost his composure.
"It's not about the True Dragon Blood." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Then why?" Nian Yang asked, releasing his Qi. Nian Yang's cultivation was at a level that Luo Zheng couldn't imagine. How terrifying was the pressure he released?
If he had faced such a powerful pressure before, Luo Zheng's soul would have been damaged immediately. But at this moment, Luo Zheng, who had already stepped into the War Soul Realm, could do nothing.
"Because I don't like your tone." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he walked towards the lady who had just come out of the black sphere. Just now, when he had broken through to the War Soul Realm, the lady had helped him. Luo Zheng was a very grateful person.
"You!" Nian Yang suddenly clenched his fists. The flames in his eyes were filled with killing intent. When Luo Zheng had refused to join the Fire Dragon Palace, Nian Yang was already angry. Now, he dared to say such words in front of him!
Was this something a Xiantian lifeform dared to say?
Nian Yang's strength was terrifying! If he wanted to kill Luo Zheng, it wouldn't take him more effort than blinking his eyes! Now, he was being humiliated by this guy. How could Nian Yang bear it?
But at this moment, the Palace Master of Longyuan Palace's casual words dispelled Nian Yang's killing intent.
"Luo Zheng is right. Since I don't like you, why should I join the Fire Dragon Palace?" After saying that, the lady in the palace dress smiled.
The Palace Master of Longyuan Palace's words made Nian Yang's expression freeze …
Nian Yang was only a Vice Palace Master. In the Dragon Vein, whether it was in terms of status or strength, he was much weaker than the Palace Master of Longyuan Palace. But he didn't dare to attack in front of the Palace Master.
"Thank you, sister, for helping me when I was breaking through to the War Soul Realm!" Luo Zheng bowed and cupped his hands.
"Sister?" When the Palace Master of Longyuan Palace heard this, the smile on his face became even brighter.
"Is it wrong to call you sister? But sister, you look so young, like a girl in her late twenties. Did I call you old? You shouldn't call me sister, right? "Luo Zheng laughed.

Chapter 436
The lifespan of a cultivator was different from that of an ordinary person.
Because of the breakthrough in cultivation, a cultivator broke through the limits of their lifespan.
It was considered a long lifespan for an ordinary person to live up to a hundred years. However, at the level of the Dragon Abyss Palace Master, her lifespan was calculated in tens of thousands of years.
The Dragon Abyss Palace Master looked like a sixteen year old girl. Even if she looked like a ten year old girl, Luo Zheng could not call her sister.
As such, Luo Zheng's words could be considered extremely rude.
The problem was that the Dragon Abyss Palace Master did not seem to care. Instead, she kept giggling. After all, the Dragon Abyss Palace Master was also a woman. As the Palace Master, she controlled the entire Dragon Abyss Palace. Who would dare to offend her?
Women … Even if they had lived for tens of thousands of years, they still could not shake off the pursuit of youth.
Therefore, in the Upper Realm, the Face Retaining Pill was a very expensive pill! The Dragon Abyss Palace Master had spent a lot to control her appearance to be sixteen or seventeen years old. Unfortunately, who would dare to praise her for being young?
Therefore, not only did Luo Zheng's words not offend her, they made her feel very happy. Women would never get tired of hearing such words. Otherwise, she would not have used the Face Retaining Pill and become a wrinkled old lady.
"Alright, you don't have to call me sister. Just call me aunt." The Dragon Abyss Palace Master waved her hand and smiled.
Luo Zheng nodded and called out, "Auntie."
The Dragon Abyss Palace Master smiled and nodded. "I heard from Elder Wei that you are willing to join our Dragon Abyss Palace?"
"Yes." Joining the Dragon Abyss Palace was something that Luo Zheng had decided to do long ago.
The Dragon Abyss Palace Master flipped her hand and a small bottle appeared in her hand. "This is twenty drops of True Dragon's Blood. You can use it to increase the density of your bloodline."
Nian Yang snorted coldly when he heard the price of 20 drops of True Dragon's Blood. It was much less than the price of 50 drops of True Dragon's Blood.
However, the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord flipped his hand again. "This is a drop of True Dragon Essence Blood. This Essence Blood is different from ordinary True Blood. It can be burned at a critical moment to save your life."
His eyes almost popped out of their sockets when he heard that the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord had rewarded Luo Zheng with a drop of True Dragon Blood Essence!
Not only that, even Tang Jing, Elder Wei, Zhao Zheng, and the others' faces turned unnatural. Looking at the true dragon blood essence in Palace Lord Long Yuan's hand, their eyes were burning with desire.
True Dragon's Blood Essence and True Dragon's Blood only sounded like a difference of one word, but there was a fundamental difference between them!
It was unknown how much blood a True Dragon had in its body. If this amount of blood flowed out, it would be enough to destroy an entire continent! That was why the Dragon Bloodline Clan would use the True Dragon's Blood as a reward. After all, the Dragon Bloodline Clan's humans needed the True Dragon's Blood Essence to increase the density of their bloodline.
However, the True Dragon's Blood Essence was extremely precious. The Dragon Bloodline Clan had 936 palaces and 1300 palaces. There were so many palaces and so many palaces. On average, in each palace, there were only a few hundred drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence. There were even some that only had a few dozen drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence in reserve.
There were countless cultivators in the palaces who were staring at the True Dragon's Blood Essence!
Even if it was the Palace Lord or the Palace Lord, if they obtained the True Dragon's Blood Essence, they would use it immediately. This was because they also needed the True Dragon's Blood Essence.
It could be said that the value of one drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence was equivalent to a thousand drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence. Moreover, no one would exchange it with you.
However, the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was willing to directly reward Luo Zheng with a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence! Wasn't this a little too generous?!
So generous that it was a little … unbelievable.
City Lord Tang Jing said with a serious expression, "Palace Lord Chi, do you really plan to reward … reward Luo Zheng with this drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence?"
The Dragon Abyss Palace Lord glanced at Tang Jing and smiled, "Why? Why not? "
Tang Jing waved his hand, "It's not that there's nothing wrong with it. It's just that … just that … isn't it too valuable?"
Actually, Tang Jing had already sensed that something was wrong. The Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was too generous. A drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence was very precious to the Dragon Abyss Palace. Why would he reward it to an ascender from the Lower Realm? Furthermore, this kid was smuggled in! Could it be related to that "Qing Xuan"? Or did the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord see through something?
However, although Tang Jing was confused, he did not ask too much. Anyway, he had received a warning from Qing Xuan that he would not interfere with Luo Zheng's matters. As for whether the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord saw through something or had any thoughts, it had nothing to do with him.
Tang Jing could guess a little, but Elder Wei, Nian Yang, Zhao Zheng and the rest could not guess it even if they were beaten to death.
They were shocked, bewildered, and unable to figure out what was going on …
Even Elder Wei was the same.
This was a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence. Back then, Elder Wei had made a great contribution to the Dragon Abyss Palace. He almost gave up his life in order to receive a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence as a reward.
However, Luo Zheng did nothing the moment he came up. Not only did he receive the Ganoderma Soul Elixir as a reward, but he also received a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence!
Other than sighing, they could only sigh. Luo Zheng's life was too good, wasn't it?
"Whether it's valuable or not depends on whether it's worth it or not." The Dragon Abyss Palace Lord stared at Luo Zheng and smiled sweetly, "Luo Zheng, am I right?"
"Yes, I think so too." Luo Zheng smiled and said.
Then, the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord threw the twenty drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence and one drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence to Luo Zheng.
"Qinglong, do you think she noticed something?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, this woman is very smart. Perhaps she noticed something when you broke through to the Combat Soul Realm. However, it's not a big problem. If she's smart enough, she won't act recklessly." Qinglong said with some difficulty. He had just fought a fierce battle with the Moonkin Evil Spirit, so he was still a little weak.
Luo Zheng didn't think that the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord would be willing to give him a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence just because of his outstanding performance. She must have noticed something, which was why she gave him a drop of Qinglong's Blood Essence.
To Luo Zheng, this was definitely a good thing. He had gotten a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence that even Tang Jing and Nian Yang were envious of. This was a great bargain!
After Tang Jing saw Luo Zheng put away the True Dragon's Blood Essence and True Dragon's Blood Essence, he asked, "Luo Zheng, I have something to ask you."
"Please ask." Luo Zheng cupped his hands. He realized that he was in real trouble.
"When you broke through to the Combat Soul Realm, you must have been next to the Moonkin Evil Spirit. Now, the Moonkin Evil Spirit has disappeared without a trace in the Yin Yang Lightning Lock. Do you know why?" Tang Jing went straight to the point.
Obviously, Tang Jing believed that the disappearance of the Moonkin Evil Spirit had something to do with Luo Zheng.
Anyone would suspect Luo Zheng.
After all, the disappearance of the Moonkin Evil Spirit had happened at the same time as Luo Zheng had broken through to the Combat Soul Realm. However, Tang Jing couldn't understand how the Moonkin Evil Spirit had disappeared into thin air. Even if Luo Zheng had broken through to the Combat Soul Realm, he still wouldn't be a match for the Moonkin Evil Spirit. So, where did Luo Zheng hide the Moonkin Evil Spirit?
When Luo Zheng defeated Qinglong, he knew that he would be in trouble. After all, the Moonkin Evil Spirit didn't belong to him. If he had casually swallowed the Moonkin Evil Spirit, there would definitely be people who would find trouble with him.
In the end, Luo Zheng decided to use Qinglong's method, which was to play dumb and act dumb …
"I … I don't know." Luo Zheng said with a blank face, "At that time, I heard the Lightning Lock break. Then, the Moonkin Evil Spirit pounced on me. After that, I don't know what happened."
Luo Zheng was telling the truth. At that time, Luo Zheng really didn't know what had happened.
After Qinglong had quietly destroyed the Lightning Lock, the Moonkin Evil Spirit's power was not something that Luo Zheng could withstand. Even though Luo Zheng's soul was very strong at that time, he hadn't become a Combat Soul yet. How could he withstand the Moonkin Evil Spirit's direct attack? In the sixth circle, the soul pressure was thirty-two times stronger than in the first circle! Not only that, but the Lightning Lock had also been broken by Qinglong. Without its shackles, the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul pressure was even stronger.
Under such a powerful soul pressure, Luo Zheng's soul was almost annihilated. However, at that moment, Qinglong activated the mysterious furnace's multicolored light, which continuously shone on Luo Zheng! The multicolored light in the furnace was much stronger than the small oil lamp. Relying on the multicolored light, Luo Zheng was able to seize the opportunity to break through to the Combat Soul Realm.

Chapter 437
Luo Zheng did not have a good explanation for the whereabouts of the Owl Beast evil spirit. It was an undeniable fact that such a huge Owl Beast evil spirit had disappeared from his side.
Tang Jing was considered polite. If it wasn't for Qing Xuan and the Longyuan Palace Master, he would have arrested Luo Zheng a long time ago if it was someone else who caused such trouble.
After the Lord of Longyuan Palace took out a drop of true dragon blood essence, Tang Jing understood that he could not do anything to Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng was involved in Qing Xuan and the Mystery of the Nine Dragons. Therefore, he could not wait to get rid of this matter.
However, it was troublesome to capture the Owl Beast evil spirit. He had to get some compensation from Luo Zheng. Tang Jing knew very well that it was a joke for him to ask a Connate Full Circle martial artist for compensation. His words were meant for the Lord of Longyuan Palace.
As expected, before Luo Zheng could say anything, the Dragon Abyss Palace Master took the initiative to say, "It's just an Owlbeast Evil Spirit. My Dragon Abyss Palace can still afford to compensate for this. However, City Lord Tang Jing wants me to capture an Owlbeast Evil Spirit for you?"
It was not easy to capture an Owl Beast evil spirit. After all, it was something that could only be chanced upon. Even if one was found, it would be very troublesome to capture it.
Since the Lord of Longyuan Palace had said so, Tang Jing would not really make things difficult for him. If he really angered the Lord of Longyuan Palace and forcibly took Luo Zheng away, Tang Jing would not be able to do anything …
This matter could be considered to have been settled just like that.
"Let's go!" Nian Yang waved his hand and left with Zhao Zheng. The Lord of Longyuan Palace had come and was willing to take out a drop of true dragon blood essence. What right did Nian Yang have to compete with him? Even if the Lord of Fiery Dragon Hall came personally, it would be useless. Giving a drop of true dragon blood essence to a Connate Full Circle kid? What a waste! The Lord of Longyuan Palace must have lost his mind.
Watching Nian Yang leave, the Palace Master of the Dragon Abyss Palace revealed a faint smile. He turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Your foundation is solid, but your cultivation is too low. As a city that receives the lower realms, many of the training methods here are very effective for you. I suggest that you refine the True Dragon Blood Essence here, and then come to my Dragon Abyss Palace through the transmission station."
The suggestion of the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was naturally excellent, but Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm afraid that's not possible. I came to the Upper World this time purely for cultivation. There are still many unfinished business in the Lower World. I'm afraid that I can't go to the Dragon Abyss Palace for the time being."
Joining the Dragon Pool Palace would only be beneficial to Luo Zheng.
In the Vast Thousand Domains where Luo Zheng was from, if one wanted to cultivate the power of laws, they would often have to rely on incomplete stone inscriptions or even comprehend it on their own.
But in the Upper World, there were complete stone inscriptions, and all sorts of cultivation methods that Luo Zheng could never imagine.
But, it was unrealistic for Luo Zheng to stay in the True Dragon Realm for now. There were still many things he needed to do in the Central Domain, and the most important thing was the first thing Luo Zheng wanted to do when he stepped onto the path of cultivation, and that was to save his sister.
Luo Yan was a Divine Reflection warrior, and he was only one realm away from the Divine Core realm. For other warriors, the gap between the Divine Reflection realm and the Divine Core realm was like a natural chasm, and they might not be able to cross it even after spending hundreds of years.
But, with Luo Yan's talent, and with Cui Xie's methods, it wasn't difficult for Luo Yan to break through to the Divine Core realm. Therefore, there wasn't much time left for Luo Zheng!
The Dragon Pool Palace Master nodded his head. "You haven't finished everything you need to do in the Lower Realm, and your heart of martial arts won't be complete. This will hinder your future cultivation." After saying that, he took out a small amulet from Luo Zheng's hand. "This amulet can save your life at a critical moment. I can't help you too much, but you still have to rely on yourself when it comes to the path of cultivation."
What the Dragon Pool Palace Master said was the same as what Qinglong was thinking.
If a family helped the younger generation too much, it would only harm the younger generation, and it would destroy their heart of martial arts, making it difficult for them to achieve great things in the future.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. He knew this very well. As the saying goes, a gentleman should never stop striving to improve himself. Relying on someone else's strength wasn't true strength. Only when one's own strength increased would others look at him seriously.
Seeing the Dragon Pool Palace Master give Luo Zheng another amulet, Tang Jing was even more certain that the Dragon Pool Palace Master had seen through something. Perhaps the Dragon Pool Palace Master also knew about the Mystery of the Nine Dragons, or perhaps, she wanted to use Luo Zheng to try her luck …
Although Tang Jing was a City Lord, he didn't dare get involved in this. As the saying goes, the reward is always proportional to the risk. This was a major event in the True Dragon Realm, and if the Dragon Pool Palace Master wanted to get a share of it, he wouldn't be envious. Therefore, he just pretended that he didn't know anything, and didn't see anything.
After the Dragon Pool Palace Master left, Luo Zheng was led by Elder Wei to the next place where he cultivated. After comprehending the Heavenly Laws and tempering his soul, the next step was to improve Luo Zheng's cultivation. Although Luo Zheng climbed up the Rising Dragon Platform and improved his cultivation to the Xiantian Full Circle, this realm was still too low.
Before going to the next place, Elder Wei gave Luo Zheng another set of equipment. This was equipment that all ordinary disciples of the Dragon Pool Palace could receive. What made Luo Zheng speechless was that this set of so-called most ordinary equipment was actually a low-grade Sage Grade sword and a low-grade Sage Grade protective armor …
Sage Grade weapons that could be fought over in the Central Domain were only the equipment of ordinary disciples here. Luo Zheng was also extremely speechless. This gap was too big.
…
…
Time passed very quickly in the Upper Realm. In the secret place of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, how fast was Luo Zheng's cultivation improving? In these two months, Luo Zheng broke through the bottleneck of the Xiantian Full Circle and finally stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm. Moreover, he broke through continuously and rushed all the way to the Third Layer of the Divine Reflection Realm!
"It's time to go back …"
Standing at the gate of the city and looking at the hundreds of thousands of transmission points that stretched as far as the eye could see, Luo Zheng's True Essence began to burn. His body rose into the air like a swallow and finally entered the transmission point from which he came.
In the transmission point, a soft light shone on Luo Zheng's body. As the light shone, Luo Zheng's flesh and blood disintegrated into the smallest particles. The white light above the transmission point lit up, and the countless particles rushed into the sky along with the light …
Tianqi City, known as the capital of commerce, was the most developed place in the Central Domain. In Tianqi City, as long as you had money, you could buy anything!
Tianqi City was able to develop to such a large scale by relying on the World Business Alliance. The headquarters of the World Business Alliance was located here.
The news that the Rising Dragon Platform had been moved to Tianqi City had already spread like wildfire.
The news of the Martial Arts Conference had also spread like wildfire in the Central Domain!
Originally, in Tianqi City, the Martial Arts Conference that was held every ten years was the focus of attention for the martial artists of the Central Domain. This was because it represented the future of the various large sects!
The current Sect Master of the Void Spirit Sect and the Void Spirit Seven had once shone in the Martial Arts Conference several decades ago! As long as one could stand at the front of the Martial Arts Conference, one would definitely be able to have a place for oneself in the Central Domain in the future!
This year's Martial Arts Conference was held in advance because of the Rising Dragon Platform. Everyone in the world understood that this year's Martial Arts Conference would be even more tragic and exciting than before!
Therefore, after the news was released three months ago, many martial artists gathered in Tianqi City from all over the world. Because of this, the restaurants and inns in Tianqi City were already overcrowded, and the prices rose even higher. Normally, a few low-grade True Essence Stones would be enough for a night's stay, but now the price had skyrocketed to dozens of low-grade True Essence Stones.
For a time, many martial artists complained, but there was nothing they could do. Since they wanted to join in the fun, they had to fork out the money!
The Rising Dragon Platform was placed in the center of Tianqi City, surrounded by layers of protection. Moreover, the Cloud Hall, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Void Spirit Sect had all sent martial artists to guard it.
In fact, in Tianqi City, the old monsters of the various large sects had already gathered here. Tianqi City also had people from the World Business Alliance, so no one would dare to rob the Rising Dragon Platform at this time. This was no different from courting death. The reason why the large sects sent people to guard it was to show that they had a share of the Rising Dragon Platform. It was just a deterrent.
Today's weather was good. After the beginning of summer, there was a rain, which poured a bucket of cold water on the hot weather.
Many martial artists were not far away, surrounding the Rising Dragon Platform and pointing at it. Although these martial artists were not qualified to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, the Rising Dragon Platform was the most important prize of the Martial Arts Conference. Even if it was just a look, it was still good!
"It's said that once you enter the Rising Dragon Platform, you can ascend to the Upper Realm! Become an immortal, become a god! This treasure … is really something that everyone wants! "
"No wonder so many large sects want to compete for this thing! If any sect wins the Rising Dragon Platform in the end, I will enter that sect even if I have to risk my life! "
"Humph, the sects participating in the Rising Dragon Platform are all sects of fourth grade and above. Not to mention that they don't have the Rising Dragon Platform, even now, do you think you are qualified to enter?"
Several martial artists were talking when suddenly, a white light appeared in the sky. That white light was like a rapidly falling meteor, shooting straight toward the top of the Rising Dragon Platform.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 438
"What is that!"
"Could it be an immortal descending to the mortal world?"
"I think so! This Rising Dragon Platform is the path to the Upper World. Gosh, we are going to see a living immortal! "
The surrounding warriors did not know what was going on.
However, the cultivators who had stayed behind to guard the place were well aware of what had happened.
Indeed, someone had returned from the Upper World. And this person was most likely the first Upper Sky life form to enter the Rising Dragon Platform.
After the Rising Dragon Platform had been moved to the Apocalyptic City, the major sects had experimented. They had sent people to climb to the sixth level through the Rising Dragon Platform and used the Travel Dragon Jade Pendant to activate the transportation circle. However, all of them had failed without exception.
After the white light of the Rising Dragon Platform had risen, the warriors who were supposed to ascend to the Upper World had been thrown out of the platform.
That Upper Sky life form had been transported to the Upper World, but none of the people behind him had been able to go up. The problem must have been with that Upper Sky life form.
To find out the cause of the problem, a few rune masters had entered the top level of the Rising Dragon Platform. In the end, they speculated that the problem must have been with the transportation rune.
Of course, the rune masters of the Central Domain could not recognize these runes. Even if they knew that something must have gone wrong with the transportation rune, they could not understand where the problem lay. Naturally, they could not do anything about it.
Because of this matter, the young master of the Ghost King Xue family and the "Ghost King" of the Xue family had been invited to the Apocalyptic City to understand the situation.
The young master of the Xue family had recalled the appearance, age, power of that Upper Sky life form …
There were too many Upper Sky life forms in the Central Domain. It was like looking for a needle in a haystack to guess the identity of this Upper Sky life form just based on his appearance and power. So, who was that Upper Sky life form? Until now, it was still a mystery.
It was also the reason why all the major sects had sent people to guard the Rising Dragon Platform. After all, that Upper Sky life form was related to the operation of the Rising Dragon Platform. His identity was extremely important!
The person sent by the Cloud Hall was one of the strongest disciples from the Elite Hall, Li Buyi, who had stepped into the Divine Illumination Stage.
After seeing the white light, Li Buyi's body moved. He jumped up with a pair of plain straw sandals and stood at the entrance of the Rising Dragon Platform.
This Xiantian lifeform was very important. He was even the key to opening the Rising Dragon Platform! If it weren't for this young man, the Rising Dragon Platform itself would have lost its meaning. A Rising Dragon Platform that could not be ascended would only serve as a secret realm for cultivation.
Although the Rising Dragon Arena was a top-notch cultivation mystic realm, its usefulness was greatly reduced. In fact, it was not even worth the efforts of the major sects to fight for it.
Li Buyi seized the opportunity and blocked the entrance of the Rising Dragon Stage. The disciples of the other major sects were not to be outdone. Basically, these disciples possessed the strength of the Divine Reflection Stage and were the most exceptional disciples of their sects. They also understood the importance of this Upper Sky living being and must bring this Upper Sky living being back to their sect!
Therefore, they were all pushing and shoving one another, almost blocking the entrance of the Rising Dragon Arena!
Looking at the gates of the Rising Dragon Arena, even this group of Divine Radiance cultivators felt a little nervous. Although the one descending from the Rising Dragon Arena could very well be that innate lifeform, it could also be a powerhouse from the upper world!
Those powerhouses from the upper world possessed unfathomable strength. They could topple mountains and overturn seas with just a wave of their hand. It was not something they could fight against.
If it was an immortal descending, it would be fine. If it were some other cruel and bloodthirsty creatures, it would be even worse. They would most likely be killed instantly …
Despite these possibilities, they still stood guard in front of the Rising Dragon Platform without hesitation. That innate being was too important. If they could bring that being back, it would be a great contribution to their sect, and the rewards they would receive would be unimaginable.
Nervousness, torment, caution …
Various expressions kept changing on the faces of Li Buyi and the others.
"There are footsteps!" Someone said.
Everyone listened carefully. Indeed, they heard a wave of steady footsteps coming from the Rising Dragon Arena. These martial artists had sharp eyes and ears. How powerful was their hearing?
"It's the footsteps of a human," someone added.
As the sound of footsteps approached, these martial artists were also extremely nervous. Even Li Buyi, who had always been calm and collected, frowned and revealed extreme caution from his eyes.
"Pa-ta!"
The door to the Rising Dragon Arena was opened.
Looking at the martial artist standing behind the door, these Divine Illumination Realm martial artists suddenly revealed a look of surprise.
How could it be a martial artist at the Divine Reflection Stage?
Previously, they had speculated countless times about the identity of this person. Most likely, the person who came down from the Rising Dragon Arena was an Upper Sky living being, an immortal, an elite warrior of the True Dragon Clan, or even some unknown powerful evil being.
However, the person who appeared before them seemed to be an ordinary human martial artist. He was only at the Divine Reflection Stage, or at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage …
What was going on?
While everyone was slightly astonished, Li Buyi's eyes were filled with shock!
His dry lips trembled and he spat out two words, "Luo Zheng …"
What was going on with Luo Zheng? Wasn't he an Upper Sky living being? Right! Could that Upper Sky living being be Luo Zheng? However, it had only been three months! After jumping an entire stage from the Upper Sky, Luo Zheng had entered the Divine Reflection Stage?
Li Buyi was an extremely calm person. Even the elders of the Cloud Hall had praised his temperament more than once! They praised Li Buyi's martial arts heart for being extremely stable. As long as he worked steadily, surely he would achieve limitless achievements in the future.
However, at this moment, under the impact of doubt, confusion, shock, and disbelief, Li Buyi's head was also in a mess!
Li Buyi was confused, and the other martial artists were also confused. However, they did not recognize Luo Zheng. Soon, they regained their senses. Regardless of who he was, he was only a disciple at the Divine Reflection Stage. They would capture him first!
Tu Jianbai of the Dark Yin Mansion was the first to make a move. As soon as he extended his hand, the bones in his entire body kept exploding like firecrackers. His five fingers also extended strangely and clawed at Luo Zheng's head like the devil's claws!
"What are you doing?" As soon as Luo Zheng pushed open the door, a group of Divine Reflection martial artists launched an attack. Luo Zheng's expression also darkened.
"What are you doing? If you don't want to die, then come with me! " Tu Jianbai gave a cold sneer. He only had the strength of the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage, how could he not capture him easily?
"Stop!" At this moment, Li Buyi finally reacted. He stomped on the ground with his straw sandals and launched an ordinary Great Ancestor Long Fist at Tu Jianbai.
The Great Ancestor's Long Fist looked ordinary and mediocre. The vast majority of martial artists had cultivated this Long Fist before.
Just like Luo Zheng's basic sword techniques, many swordsmen would cultivate basic sword techniques when they entered the sect. The same was true for the Great Ancestor's Long Fist. The basic fist technique that most martial artists cultivated was the Great Ancestor's Long Fist!
However, although the Great Ancestor's Long Fist Technique was a common technique, it depended on who was using it. Li Buyi had immersed himself in this set of ordinary fist technique for a few dozen years and had also practiced it to some extent!
"Bang!"
Just this fist had forced back Tu Jianbai of the Dark Yin Mansion!
"Li Buyi, you are courting death!" Tu Jianbai said angrily. He was the first one to make a move, yet he was forced back by Li Buyi. How could he not be angry?
Although Li Buyi had stopped Tu Jianbai, he could not stop the others.
"Ha ha, kid, I think you should come with me!" Jiang Yunfei of the Blood Wood Cliff roared with laughter. Like a pair of scissors, he also grabbed at Luo Zheng.
"Oh no!" Li Buyi's heart sank. One Tu Jianbai was already difficult to deal with, how could he stop the other martial artists?
The brown Genuine Qi from Jiang Yunfei's hands was extremely sharp. He attacked Luo Zheng's face from above and Luo Zheng's legs from below. The moves above were a feint, and the moves below were to cut off Luo Zheng's legs! He wanted to cut off Luo Zheng's legs first. This way, it would save him a lot of trouble to take away Luo Zheng!
When Luo Zheng saw that Li Buyi had stopped one of them, he was about to speak. Unexpectedly, this guy did not even give him the chance. He wanted to cut off his legs without asking any questions!
How could Luo Zheng not be angry?
"You are courting death!"
Luo Zheng clenched his hands into a fist. Like a ghost, his body floated slightly to the back. His entire body appeared like a curtain blown by the wind. With this slight movement, he had evaded Jiang Yunfei's attack.
Luo Zheng's fist shot out like lightning. Jiang Yunfei didn't even have time to react. His chest was viciously struck by Luo Zheng's fist.
"Poof!"
Jiang Yunfei, who was at his peak, was sent flying by Luo Zheng's light fist. He flew far away and smashed into the railings in the distance. Then, he crashed into those many martial artists who were visiting the Rising Dragon Stage. He only stopped after smashing into a few houses.
The cultivators who had been scrambling to catch Luo Zheng were still in the same posture as before, but at this time, they were like zombies, frozen in place and motionless.

Chapter 439
The difference between the Peak of the Divine Reflection Stage and the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage was great.
It was the reason why they dared to rush up and try to capture Luo Zheng.
To these Divine Reflection martial artists, capturing Luo Zheng, who was at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage was like an eagle catching a little chick. It was the easiest thing to do.
Since it was so easy and they could make a contribution, of course, everyone wanted to do it.
Although that Li Buyi had gone crazy and stopped Tu Jianbai of the Dark Moon Mansion, this way, the others had a chance.
Among these people, Jiang Yunfei had moved the fastest and made the most vicious moves. He did not plan to bring back a complete person. It would be enough as long as he was alive and had a mouth to speak. As for his hands and feet, it was not important!
The instant Jiang Yunfei made his move, the others sighed inwardly. Most likely, this kid was out of luck. With his legs cut off, he would not be able to walk for the rest of his life.
In the end, in a flash, the situation had changed …
Some people didn't even see what happened before Jiang Yunfei was sent flying by a punch. He flew very high and very far away. After smashing through a few houses, Jiang Yunfei was now lying on the ground like a dead dog, motionless. Clearly, he was seriously injured. Even if he was rescued, it would probably take him more than half a year to recover.
With the start of the martial arts competition, most likely Jiang Yunfei would not be qualified to participate.
How could a few Divine Reflection martial artists dare to move when they saw this scene?
These Divine Reflection martial artists had guarded this place for many days and had secretly competed with each other. Jiang Yunfei's strength was good among them. Most likely, he could not beat Li Buyi and the others. However, it would not be a problem for him to rank third or fourth. In the end, he was sent flying by one punch from this kid at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage.
The shock brought by this scene had surpassed the understanding of these martial artists. How could he do this?
Li Buyi's eyes were also full of shock!
At the Cloud Hall, Li Buyi had witnessed Luo Zheng's battle. At that time, Luo Zheng had aroused a strong interest in Li Buyi. When this kid was still an Upper Sky Spiritual Being, he dared to challenge the entire Elite Hall. He was too defiant of the natural order! Because of this, Luo Zheng had incurred the wrath of the entire Elite Hall.
Later on, Li Buyi learned through his own channels that Luo Zheng's provocation was caused by the Palace Master. He did not want it to happen …
No matter how arrogant Luo Zheng was, the strength he displayed was not to be underestimated. It was one thing for a Xiantian lifeform to challenge a Divine Reflection Realm disciple. This was not something that had never happened before. But the Divine Reflection Realm disciple that Luo Zheng challenged was no ordinary Divine Reflection Realm disciple! The disciples of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall weren't ordinary Divine Reflection Realm cultivators. They were the elites of the Cloud Hall, the elites of the elites!
All of this had actually been accomplished by a Xiantian lifeform.
But in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng suddenly disappeared …
It was said that the Chief Rune Master of the Cloud Cloud Hall lost his temper and argued with the Hall Master several times. He wanted to find Luo Zheng.
Indeed, the Cloud Hall had tried to send people to search for him. In the end, they did not find him.
In the end, Li Buyi encountered Luo Zheng at the Rising Dragon Arena. And when he saw Luo Zheng again, he was already at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Realm! And with the power of the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Realm, he had sent Jiang Yunfei flying with one punch and severely injured him!
In these three months, what had happened to Luo Zheng? How had his strength increased by leaps and bounds? His strength had also increased as if he had been reborn! Since when did the Divine Reflection Realm become so weak? Li Buyi had the confidence to defeat Jiang Yunfei. However, he could not do what Luo Zheng had done and send Jiang Yunfei flying with one punch!
When Li Buyi was at the Elite Hall, vividly, he had felt that Luo Zheng was not a fish in a pond. Surely, he would surpass him at some point in the future. This time could be three years, or five years.
Now, Li Buyi already had the correct answer inwardly. It was not three years, nor five years, but … three months.
Even Li Buyi, who had always been calm and had a firm martial arts heart, gave a long sigh inwardly at this moment. Even his firm martial arts heart had shown signs of loosening. Indeed, Luo Zheng's performance had struck a blow to his confidence.
Luo Zheng, who had sent Li Buyi flying with one punch, still clenched his fists tightly. He glanced at the martial artists at the Divine Reflection Realm with his scorching eyes and said coldly: "Who else wants to catch me?"
A layer of sweat emerged from Tu Jianbai's back when he was stopped by Li Buyi!
Now, it seemed that Li Buyi had saved him by stopping him. If Li Buyi had not used the Great Ancestor's Long Fist to stop his attack on Luo Zheng, most likely he would be the one lying on the ground. He felt that he could not evade Luo Zheng's strange punch. What kind of move was that?
Tu Jianbai could not understand it at all!
It was normal for him to not understand. Even for an elite warrior at the Void Calamity Stage like Daoist Master Big Dream, he could only perform the Phantom Step after the space had become unstable. It was because in the Central Domain, there was no chance to comprehend the complete first stage of the space laws!
Regardless of the broken stone inscriptions in the Road of the Trial Challengers or the stone inscriptions in the Cloud Hall, they were all incomplete space laws! Daoist Master Big Dream did not even have the chance to comprehend it.
However, Luo Zheng had completely comprehended the first stage of the space laws in the Upper Bound. He had done it perfectly without missing a single detail!
This was the reason why many elite warriors in the Central Domain valued the Rising Dragon Platform so much. The training resources in the Upper Bound were much more abundant than those in the Central Domain …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, many martial artists took a step back. At this moment, they were scared. They suspected that if they made a move again, most likely they would be killed by Luo Zheng! No one was willing to joke around with their lives. Even if capturing Luo Zheng might bring benefits to the world, the prerequisite was that they had to be alive to enjoy these benefits!
"Luo Zheng, I didn't expect you to be the one who entered the Rising Dragon Platform. In these three months, the Palace Master has been looking for you all over the world." Li Buyi smiled at Luo Zheng. In any case, the Upper Sky that entered the Rising Dragon Platform was a disciple of the Cloud Hall. This was definitely a good thing for the Cloud Hall.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. He had seen Li Buyi before and knew that Li Buyi was also a disciple of the Elite Hall. "Where is this place? Why was the Rising Dragon Platform moved to this place? "
Luo Zheng did not expect that it would take him so long to enter the Rising Dragon Platform. He noticed that there were many bustling buildings around the Rising Dragon Platform. This seemed to be a big city.
Li Buyi replied, "It's a long story. Let's leave this place first. The Palace Master and the others are also in the Apocalypse City."
"Alright!" Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, he realized that although those Divine Radiant warriors had taken a step back, they didn't open up a path for him. It seemed like they were unwilling to leave. Luo Zheng's face darkened. "You guys won't shed tears until you see the coffin?"
Indeed, the warriors from the Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, Void Spirit Sect, and other Fourth Grade Sects were afraid of Luo Zheng. But, it didn't mean that they would take a step back. They could give up on capturing Luo Zheng, but it didn't mean that they would let Luo Zheng go. They couldn't bear this responsibility!
Therefore, they wanted to stall for time.
Because of the Martial Dao Competition, the old monsters from their sects were all in the Apocalypse City! Some of them had secretly burned their Sound Transmission Talismans and spread the news. As long as they could get their backing, it didn't matter how monstrous Luo Zheng was. He couldn't possibly defeat a Divine Core warrior or a False Tribulation warrior.
"Everyone, Luo Zheng is a disciple of the Cloud Hall, I advise you to step aside, or else …" Li Buyi said with a cold expression.
They didn't know that the man in the Rising Dragon Arena was Luo Zheng, but now that they knew who he was, if these guys still wanted to cause trouble, it would be the same as causing trouble for the Cloud Hall!
All those Divine Radiant warriors had vigilant looks on their faces, but they still didn't back down!
"Since you're so eager to die, I'll grant you your wish!" After finally returning to the Central Domain, as soon as he stepped out of the Rising Dragon Arena, someone was already looking for trouble with him. Luo Zheng was furious. He lifted his leg and caused a ripple in the air. Once again, Luo Zheng's figure floated out like a ghost.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng had finally stepped out of the Rising Dragon Arena. Just as he was about to find trouble with those warriors, a voice suddenly entered into Luo Zheng's ears. "What a big tone, but … you can't grant anyone your wish. At most, you can only grant yourself your wish!"

Chapter 440
At the same time, a beautiful young woman appeared in the middle of the sky. She half curled her legs and outlined her slender and graceful curves. Like a cat, she squinted her eyes and stared at Luo Zheng with a soft gaze filled with endless provocation.
The instant Luo Zheng fixed his gaze on that beautiful young woman, he instantly felt his face and ears turn red. An irrepressible impulse emerged from his body.
"This woman, such powerful seduction techniques!" Luo Zheng frowned and his soul trembled slightly. Then, his body returned to normal and his eyes also became clear.
"Eh?" A trace of astonishment appeared on Madam Poison Blood's face. Her seduction techniques were unparalleled and especially effective on young people! Clearly, this kid was only seventeen or eighteen years old and was at the age when he first awakened to love. He was inexperienced and had weak resistance to seduction techniques. However, she only charmed Luo Zheng for less than half a breath of time and he broke her seduction technique. How was this possible?
Of course, Madam Poison Blood did not know that Luo Zheng's soul had already entered the Battle Soul Stage! How could someone with such a powerful soul be seduced by her seduction techniques?
"It's none of your business who I want to help," Luo Zheng said with a calm face.
"None of my business? The person you just injured is one of my people. You want to leave unscathed after injuring my disciple? Are you dreaming? If you like to dream so much, you can sleep with me.
Let's have a beautiful dream together. It'll be a night without a trace. I guarantee that you'll feel extremely comfortable … Hehehe! "
Hearing Madam Poison Blood's string of laughter, Luo Zheng remained indifferent. He could imagine that this woman practiced seduction techniques. Certainly, it was some kind of evil technique that absorbed the yang energy to supplement the yin energy. Leaving no trace with her? Most likely, he would not even know how he died after being sucked dry by her!
However, how powerful were Madam Poison Blood's seduction techniques? Her string of laughter was also a seduction technique. Under waves of soft teasing, even Li Buyi's blood was not flowing smoothly, not to mention other people.
Especially those martial artists who were watching from the surroundings! The strength of these cultivators was low, and at this moment, their faces were flushed red, and they were delirious. Their eyes were blurred as they stared at the beautiful young woman in the air, all of them in a daze.
Luo Zheng stared at Madam Poison Blood and suddenly smiled, "One smile can topple a city, another smile can topple a country. You are very beautiful and very attractive, but …"
Madam Poison Blood's body trembled. "This servant is also very happy to be praised like this. If Young Hero comes to my tent, this servant will naturally serve you well and make Young Hero feel that his life has not been in vain."
"But … I'm sorry, I'm not interested in old women," Luo Zheng said.
Madam Poison Blood originally had an extremely seductive expression, but upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, her expression suddenly stiffened. Her beautiful face slowly began to distort, and layers of killing intent erupted from her body. A moment ago, she was a butterfly, but now, she was like a scorpion!
"A junior in the Divine Reflection Realm is already giving you enough face by being amiable to you. You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit! You are looking for death! " Being the leader of the Blood Wood Cliff, she was one of the top elite warriors in the Central Domain. Today, she was humiliated by a junior at the Divine Reflection Realm. One could imagine her anger!
As that surging killing intent enveloped him, Li Buyi's expression changed drastically! This Madam Poison Blood was an elite warrior at the Void Calamity Stage, how could he and Luo Zheng deal with her?
One must say that on this point, Li Buyi was somewhat inflexible. When the people of the Dark Yin Mansion, Blood Wood Cliff, and the Void Spirit Sect discovered Luo Zheng, they all secretly burned their communication talisman. However, Li Buyi did not do so.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was not that inflexible. A moment ago, he had secretly activated the communication talisman and he believed that Little Butterfly should be rushing over.
Even if this Madam Poison Blood wanted to launch an attack, Luo Zheng had the Rising Dragon Stage behind him. Perhaps, he would need to ascend again and lure this Madam Poison Blood into the True Dragon Territory! This Madam Poison Blood was not from the Dragon Bloodline, and she didn't have the bloodline of the True Dragon in her body. Then, he would let her have a taste of being imprisoned for a thousand years.
Besides, he still had a protective talisman given to him by the Dragon Pool Palace Lord. Of course, if it wasn't a critical situation, Luo Zheng didn't plan to use this talisman.
Seeing that Madam Poison Blood was about to make her move, Luo Zheng focused all his attention! With Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he were to face a Divine Core warrior, it would still be a great challenge. He had to be extra careful when facing a Void Calamity Stage warrior! As soon as Madam Poison Blood made her move, he would immediately retreat back to the Rising Dragon Stage.
Right at this moment, an old man dressed in black and wearing a mask appeared in the middle of the sky. "Madam Poison Blood, you can kill this kid, but you have to wait until I get to the bottom of this!"
"Black Crow, you want to get involved again?" Madam Poison Blood's face darkened.
The masked Black Crow chuckled, "It's not that I want to get involved, but since this kid is so important, I'm afraid he still has the method to ascend through the Rising Dragon Stage! Why don't you tell me? "
"This kid is my prey!" Madam Poison Blood said with a cold voice.
Black Crow didn't want to follow this rule, he only said, "He belongs to whoever catches him. Does that kid have the words' Madam Poison Blood 'written on his face? He's not from the Blood Wood Cliff! " After saying that, Black Crow turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Kid, I advise you to come with me obediently, and hand over the secret of the Rising Dragon Stage. If you do that, I'll let you die a less painful death. Or else, you'll experience a pain that you'll never forget for the rest of your life, and you'll regret being born into this world!"
Another Void Calamity Stage warrior!
Li Buyi's expression became uglier and uglier. Only now did he remember that he had to inform the Palace Lord as soon as possible. However, before he could take out his message talisman, Luo Zheng had already said, "I've already sent the message."
Although Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Luo Zheng had a message talisman that allowed him to communicate with Little Butterfly. As long as he activated it, his voice would be transmitted to Little Butterfly.
"En." Li Buyi finally calmed down. He had no choice, he was only at the Peak Divine Reflection realm, and he hadn't even stepped into the Divine Core realm. How could he be a match for these Void Calamity Stage old monsters? At this moment, he had no choice but to ask the Palace Lord for help. But, if the Sect Lords of the Blood Wood Cliff and Black Mountain Sect were to attack him now, what should he do?
Just as Li Buyi was feeling anxious, a clear and crisp voice sounded out. The voice was as cold as ice, clear and loud, yet cold and ethereal.
"Regret? Do you think it's so easy for a disciple of the Cloud Hall to regret? "
Sparkling and translucent snowflakes were falling from the sky, and an invisible chill was quietly reverberating in the air. Little Butterfly bent down and slowly landed on the side of the Rising Dragon Stage. Her eyes were light and cold, and when she stared at Black Crow and Madam Poison Blood, her eyes were filled with killing intent.
During these three months, Little Butterfly's strength had improved again! Her cultivation had almost fully recovered. Three months ago, she was still at the Late Divine Core realm, but now, she had reached the Void Calamity realm. Because she was already a Void Calamity warrior, there was no problem for her to break through.
"Ning Yudie, do you think I'm afraid of you after you've recovered to the Void Calamity realm? With your current strength, I'm afraid you're still no match for me. "Black Crow said with a cold voice when he saw Little Butterfly.
So, Little Butterfly's full name was Ning Yudie. Luo Zheng nodded silently in his mind, remembering this name.
Ning Yudie sneered, "Indeed, I'm still quite far away from the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra, and my cultivation hasn't fully recovered. You're not afraid of me, but … are you afraid of my master?"
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow's expressions immediately changed.
Although Madam Poison Blood, Black Crow, and Ning Yudie were all leaders of Fourth Grade Sects, the Black Mountain Sect and Blood Wood Cliff were only ordinary Fourth Grade Sects, while the Cloud Hall was a top Fourth Grade Sect!
There was still a certain gap between the top and the ordinary.
The reason why the Cloud Hall could become a top Fourth Grade Sect was not because of Ning Yudie, but because of Ning Yudie's master! However, her master had retired and had been living in seclusion. He rarely participated in the affairs of the Cloud Hall, so the position of Hall Master was handed over to Ning Yudie.
If Ning Yudie's Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra was truly completed, she could lead the Cloud Hall to become a Fifth Grade Sect, making the Cloud Hall the second Fifth Grade Sect in the Central Domain!
Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow might not be afraid of Ning Yudie, but they were afraid of Ning Yudie's master.
"Even if your master is here, Luo Zheng can't leave. His matter is of great importance and involves the operation of the Rising Dragon Platform, so he must hand over the secrets of the Rising Dragon Platform!" This time, it was the people of the Void Spirit Sect who spoke. The Void Spirit Seven walked over, and the person in the lead spoke to Ning Yudie as he walked.
As soon as the people of the Void Spirit Sect arrived, Ning Yudie's forehead creased into a frown.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 441
Madam Poison Blood of the Blood Wood Cliff and Hei Ya of the Black Mountain Sect were easy to deal with. Although they were also fourth-grade sects like the Cloud Hall, there was still a certain gap between their true strength and the Cloud Hall, which was at the peak of fourth-grade sects.
But the Void Spirit Sect was different. It was a genuine fifth-grade sect. If the World Business Alliance was not included, the Void Spirit Sect could be said to be the biggest force in the Central Domain.
Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow smiled when the Void Spirit Seven arrived.
The ownership of the Rising Dragon Platform was decided by the Martial Arts Competition. Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, Mysterious Yin Mansion, and even some independent warriors had a chance to obtain it.
The key problem was not the Rising Dragon Platform, because it had been previously discovered that the runes on the Rising Dragon Platform had been modified, and Luo Zheng was the only person who had ascended through the Rising Dragon Platform! Therefore, the focus at this time shifted from the Rising Dragon Platform to Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng did not reveal the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform, it would be useless even if these powerhouses obtained it. Their biggest goal was to ascend to the upper world. As for the Rising Dragon Platform's function for cultivation, that was secondary.
No one would have thought that the connate lifeform who entered the Rising Dragon Platform was actually a disciple of the Cloud Hall. The most important thing at this time was to keep Luo Zheng here!
Blood Wood Cliff did not have this ability, nor did Black Mountain Sect, but the Void Spirit Sect did.
In the world of martial artists, it was the strong who had the final say. What rules? What principles? Only when spoken by the strong would they have any power.
Therefore, Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow were somewhat gloating at this moment. As a fifth-grade sect, the Void Spirit Sect was much stronger than the Cloud Hall. Just the Void Spirit Seven alone would be difficult for the Cloud Hall to deal with! Moreover, there were two old monsters in the Void Spirit Sect! They were not weaker than Ning Yudie's master in the slightest!
They wanted to see how Ning Yudie would deal with it.
The "Chuan" character on Ning Yudie's forehead slowly dissolved. Her eyes were like a deep sea of ice, with endless snowflakes dancing within.
"Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Hall. Putting aside his relationship with the Rising Dragon Platform, the fact that he is a disciple of my Cloud Hall means that I have the obligation to protect him. Whether it's your Blood Wood Cliff, the Black Mountain Sect, or the Void Spirit Sect, if you want to use your power to oppress me and force me, Ning Yudie, to submit, then you are gravely mistaken …"
At this moment, Ning Yudie's voice was cold and ethereal. Her beautiful face, which was covered in a layer of frost, revealed a calm expression of rejection.
"Ga —"
A phoenix cry came from the sky. The small and delicate ice phoenix was now more than three meters long, and its body made of ice crystals bloomed with a dreamy luster.
As soon as the ice phoenix appeared, it directly dived towards Ning Yudie!
Ning Yudie slightly raised her head, and then she was enveloped by the endless icy light released by the ice phoenix. Within the icy light, Ning Yudie's petite and firm body was faintly discernible. Then, little bits of ice crystals continuously surrounded Ning Yudie and began to condense.
Pieces of ice crystal armor continuously formed around Ning Yudie's petite body, perfectly outlining her almost perfect figure and giving her the strongest protection at the same time.
As the icy light dissipated bit by bit, Ning Yudie's head, chest, waist, and legs slowly appeared from the icy light. The remaining icy light also spread along her back, forming long phoenix feathers.
Ning Yudie blinked her eyes, and a layer of ice crystals hung on her dense eyelashes. She slightly raised her hand, and an azure ice halberd appeared in her hand.
This ice halberd was nine feet and nine inches long, almost twice as long as Ning Yudie's body!
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. Last time on the Trial Taker's Road, he had not seen Ning Yudie use this ice halberd. He really could not imagine that such a petite woman could use this kind of weapon!
Was this Ning Yudie's real combat form? Luo Zheng faintly thought.
Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow both had dignified expressions on their faces. They originally thought that Ning Yudie would obediently submit to the Void Spirit Seven. After all, it was very difficult for the Cloud Hall to compete with the Void Spirit Sect, and it was very unwise!
But Ning Yudie seemed like she wanted to attack him without saying a word! Was this woman crazy?
The Seven Voidspirit Masters didn't have much expression on their faces, but the seven of them moved a few steps. The seven of them each took a special position and set up a mysterious formation. At the same time, they pulled out the longswords in their hands.
The leader of the Void Spirit Seven gently held his long sword horizontally. "Ning Yudie, do you want to start a Sect War with the Void Spirit Sect?"
"I have no intention of starting a Sect War with any Sect, but Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Hall. I must protect this person!" Ning Yudie said lightly.
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng was very moved. At the same time, he already had a plan. Since she was so considerate of him, Luo Zheng would not really drag the Cloud Hall into the quagmire of a Sect War. This matter still needed to be solved by him!
"The Cloud Hall has developed at an astonishing speed in recent years. If it hides for another ten years, it may really jump into the ranks of a fifth-grade Sect," the leader of the Void Spirit Seven said. "However … Ning Yudie, you are still too confident, or rather, you don't know how to hide your strength and bide your time. If you fight against our Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall will pay a shocking price!"
"So what? My Cloud Hall may not be the opponent of your Void Spirit Sect, but if you swallow my Cloud Hall, I'm afraid most of your Void Spirit Sect's teeth will be broken. Let me ask you, we are not the only two Sects in the Central Domain. I wonder if other Sects will take advantage of your misfortune to loot your Void Spirit Sect? "Ning Yudie sneered.
The Central Domain now maintained a delicate balance because no one had the confidence to destroy the other! Even if the Void Spirit Sect could really destroy the Cloud Hall, they would probably suffer a considerable loss. At that time, the heavily damaged Void Spirit Sect would very likely become the target of other fourth-grade Sects. The final result would probably be worse than the Cloud Hall.
"Ning Yudie, you think too highly of your Cloud Hall. If the Void Spirit Sect takes action, why would my Blood Wood Cliff take advantage of your misfortune?" Madam Poison Blood took the opportunity to say.
Black Crow also said, "That's right! My Black Mountain Sect will also fully support the Void Spirit Sect! We will definitely not take advantage of your misfortune! "
The Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect certainly did not believe the words of the two Sect Masters. Only interests could connect martial artists. In front of huge interests, the promises of Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow had no credibility at all!
Therefore, Yun Luo's words made the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect show a trace of fear on their faces. The seven of them quickly communicated with each other using True Essence Sound Transmission, and then the trace of fear disappeared. The leader of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect shook his head and said with a faint smile, "The fate of our Void Spirit Sect does not need your Cloud Hall people to care about! No matter who this kid belongs to, he is destined to not leave! "
After saying that, a light appeared under the feet of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect. The light immediately connected the seven of them, forming the shape of the Big Dipper. Then the seven of them raised their hands at the same time. The same action, the same appearance, and the same expression. At this moment, it was as if they were not seven people, but one person!
This battle of great importance was almost on the verge of breaking out! Not to mention the outcome of this battle, once it started, it meant that the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect had started a Sect War!
Ning Yudie did not retreat at all. She pointed the Mystic Ice Halberd into the distance, and streaks of ice light began to condense.
At this moment, three fat men walked out from not far away.
These three fat men didn't fly. Instead, they ran along a road in Apocalypse City. They were panting from running.
The three fat men were very fat, with round heads and big bellies, making them look very funny. In addition, they were wearing coats with copper coin patterns, making them look like three rich men.
The common characteristic of the three fat men was that they were extremely fat, but no one would confuse them because they looked too unique.
The leader was charmingly naive and looked like a very weak fat man. His skin was white and tender, and he was very cute.
The second person was dark-skinned, and he was a dark-skinned fat man. His fat face was ferocious. If he had a pair of fangs, he would probably be a fierce wild boar!
The third fat man had a rosy face and a kind expression, like a Maitreya Buddha, with a spring breeze smile on his face.
"Huff, huff …"
The three fat men ran to the Rising Dragon Platform, and they were so tired that they leaned forward and backward, as if the fat on their bodies was their biggest burden.
After the charmingly naive fat man panted a few times, he held his waist and said, "Stop, stop …"

Chapter 442
After the charmingly naive fatty shouted "stop", the Seven Void Spirits actually stopped. Their swords fell, and the starlight sank. The light connecting the seven of them was also cut off.
Ning Yudie also placed the Profound Ice Halberd behind her. She sat on the Profound Ice Halberd, her jade-like legs slightly curled up, and the phoenix feathers behind her drooped down like a beautiful curtain.
Although these three fatties looked like ordinary people, they were still panting after running all the way. They were even worse than the most ordinary cultivators. It was simply inconceivable. However, none of the Sect Masters present dared to look down on the three of them.
The charmingly naïve fatty was called Shi Kefan, the fierce-looking fatty was called Yan Yueshan, and the rosy-faced fatty was called Mo Haishan.
These three fatties were the three leaders of the World Business Alliance!
The World Business Alliance was not a Sect. In the beginning, it was just an organization formed by a group of businessmen. However, this group of businessmen controlled 70% of the True Origin Stone mines in the Central Domain and 80% of the economic lifeline of the Central Domain!
Therefore, there had always been a rumor among the people that the World Business Alliance was the biggest force in the Central Domain! If one really wanted to give the World Business Alliance a rank, then the World Business Alliance was a large Sect comparable to a Rank 6 Sect! It could be called a Holy Land!
A Holy Land was a place where cultivators went to make pilgrimage.
In this vast world, a Rank 6 Sect was qualified to be called a Holy Land!
The rumors among the people could not be trusted, but they could not be disbelieved. Regardless of whether the World Business Alliance had the strength comparable to a Holy Land, there was no doubt that it was powerful. At the same time, it was very low-key, so low-key that it was difficult for people to detect it. This was very terrifying.
For example, the three fatties in front of them were all old monsters in the False Tribulation Realm. They looked rustic and weak, as if they were masters that anyone could bully. No aura could be felt from them.
However, no one dared to look down on them! Whether it was the Cloud Hall or the Void Spirit Sect …
In fact, ever since Ning Yudie appeared, the Rising Dragon Arena had become the focal point of Heavenly Awakening City.
The two old monsters of the Void Spirit Sect, Ning Yudie's master, and many other sects, as well as powerful independent martial artists, were all silently watching.
Although Heavenly Awakening City was huge, it was only a blink of an eye for those old monsters. But at the moment, he doesn't.
The chubby Shi Kefan cupped his fists towards the Seven Void Spirit Masters before cupping his fists towards Ning Yudie. His chubby face was filled with a flattering smile as he said, "Everyone, since you have come from afar, you are my guests. It is not good for you to come to my Heavenly Awakening City and fight. If you have anything to say, please sit down and discuss it!"
Ning Yudie looked at Shi Kefan and shook her head. "Alliance Master Shi, Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Cloud Hall. It's only right for me to take him away."
"So what if he's a disciple of your Cloud Hall? If that kid refuses to reveal the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena, there's no point in holding this Martial Arts Conference in Heavenly Awakening City! What's the use of a Rising Dragon Arena that can't be ascended? "Madam Poison Blood interjected at this time.
The leader of the Seven Void Spirits nodded. "Madam Poison Blood is right. In my opinion, Luo Zheng is not only a disciple of the Cloud Hall, but also the only person who has ascended through the Rising Dragon Arena. He holds the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena. He is the key to the Rising Dragon Arena!"
Shi Kefan said with a smile, "You're right. Many sects want to compete for the Rising Dragon Arena. Their purpose is to rely on the Rising Dragon Arena to ascend to the Upper Realm. If they can't solve the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena, it's useless even if they win it in the Martial Arts Conference!" With that, Shi Kefan looked at Luo Zheng again. "In that case, if Luo Zheng reveals the secret, everyone will be happy."
Everyone's eyes once again focused on Luo Zheng.
From the standpoint of the World Business Alliance, Shi Kefan's choice was understandable. The Martial Arts Conference was held by the World Business Alliance, and the Rising Dragon Arena was sent over after discussion by the Sect Masters. To some extent, the World Business Alliance did have the obligation to ensure the normal operation of the Rising Dragon Arena.
Luo Zheng blinked and was about to speak.
However, Ning Yudie's stubbornness was completely unleashed. Her figure flashed and she stood in front of Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, don't tell them!"
"But …" Although Luo Zheng was only a small disciple of the Cloud Hall, he understood the situation in front of him. Now, even the three leaders of the World Business Alliance had come out. Although the charmingly naive fatty's words were pleasant to hear, they were actually forcing him to tell the truth. Luo Zheng probably had no choice but to say it.
The Cloud Hall was powerful, but the Void Spirit Sect alone was enough to deal with the Cloud Hall. Coupled with the World Business Alliance, if Luo Zheng did not reveal the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena today, the entire Cloud Hall would be in considerable trouble in the worst-case scenario.
Besides … the truth was so cruel that it was no big deal to reveal it.
"I told you not to say it, so don't say it. No buts!" Ning Yudie scolded Luo Zheng fiercely.
"Ning Yudie, do you really think that a single Cloud Hall can fight against so many sects?" Madam Poison Blood sneered.
Black Crow also threatened, "Don't be stubborn. Do you want to drag the Cloud Hall into an irrecoverable situation?"
Now that even the World Business Alliance was on their side, Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow no longer had the slightest scruple. It was an undisguised threat.
Ning Yudie's face was full of unwillingness. She bit her lips with her two white teeth, looking very distressed!
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly tugged at Ning Yudie's clothes. Ning Yudie looked back and saw a faint smile on Luo Zheng's face. There was a hint of slyness in that smile. This slyness only lasted for a very short time, but Ning Yudie was still sharp enough to catch it.
"What is this kid trying to do?" Ning Yudie was a little puzzled.
"Don't be so stubborn like a child. Let me explain …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
"What do you mean like a child?!" Ning Yudie said angrily. She was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall! She had hidden her identity on the path of the Trial Takers. Even if Luo Zheng was disrespectful to her, she could tolerate it. But now, he dared to speak to her in such a way in front of so many people.
Luo Zheng ignored Ning Yudie's emotions and instead said to the crowd, "Sect Masters, in fact, if you had asked me the same question as Union Master Shi, I would have said the same thing. In fact … the Rising Dragon Arena has returned to normal."
"What? The Rising Dragon Platform can be ascended? "Madam Poison Blood glanced at the Rising Dragon Platform not far away.
"What do you mean? Tell me clearly, why did the Rising Dragon Platform return to normal? "Black Crow asked again.
Even Ning Yudie stared at Luo Zheng with her eyes wide open. She had no idea what Luo Zheng was trying to do. She had spent a lot of effort to help Luo Zheng withstand the pressure, but in the end, Luo Zheng had told her the truth. What was he trying to do?
With Ning Yudie's understanding of Luo Zheng, he would never do something like this. There must be something she didn't know about!
With a serious expression, Shi Kefan said, "Luo Zheng, can you explain it clearly? The Rising Dragon Platform can't be ascended before this, why did it return to normal now? "
"That day, I was being hunted down by that Divine Core young lord, and I had no choice but to modify the runes on the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Platform. That's why the people behind me can't ascend anymore. Just now, I've modified the runes." Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Modified the runes? Hmph, you're just talking nonsense! The runes on the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Platform are extremely profound, even the best runemaster in the Central Domain can't modify them. Can you really do that? "Black Crow sneered. Previously, the few big sects had speculated that the problem was related to the runes on the sixth level, and that's why they had sent the best runemasters in the Central Domain to investigate it. But, they found nothing, as the runes were too profound, and it was impossible for any runemasters in the Central Domain to modify them!
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, then he turned to Shi Kefan and said, "I don't know if the World Business Alliance's sub-alliance in Cloud Sea City has sent any information about me, but if it has, I'm sure Chief Shi already knows about my level in runes."
Luo Zheng's words came out of nowhere, but everyone was still looking at Shi Kefan.
Shi Kefan opened his eyes wide, then he shook his round head. Suddenly, he slapped his own head and said, "Luo Zheng? Luo Zheng! I almost forgot about this! "
A few months ago, the Chief of the World Business Alliance's sub-alliance in Cloud Sea City, Mo Yuezhang, had indeed sent this information to the World Business Alliance. A runemaster with perfect runes was definitely someone the World Business Alliance would pay close attention to. But, Shi Kefan didn't connect this Luo Zheng in front of him with that runemaster Luo Zheng.
Now that he heard Luo Zheng say it himself, Shi Kefan couldn't help but remember. With a smile on his face, Shi Kefan nodded his head at the few Void Tribulation warriors and said, "Luo Zheng is right, if we're talking about runes, in the Central Domain, perhaps only Feng Guanyu is a match for Luo Zheng!"

Chapter 443
In fact, what Shi Kefan wanted to say was that with Luo Zheng's growth, even Feng Guanyu would be far inferior to him. After all, Luo Zheng had perfect brushstrokes at such a young age! Moreover, Shi Kefan had carefully studied the runes presented by Mo Yue Zhang. The "perfect brushstrokes" were not the only highlight of the meditation runes. The new structure of the runes was amazing! It was impossible for a teenager to draw them, but Mo Yue Zhang would not joke about such things. Shi Kefan had to believe it.
"Alliance Master Shi, are you here to deceive us with Luo Zheng?" Madam Poison Blood's face was full of disbelief.
Black Crow also shook his head. If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would have found it hard to believe Shi Kefan's evaluation. Comparable to Feng Guanyu? What did that mean?
Feng Guanyu's rune attainments had long been deeply rooted in people's hearts. It belonged to a level that no one had ever achieved before. How could Luo Zheng in front of them? How could he be compared to Feng Guanyu?
"Why would my big brother deceive you? It's up to you to believe it or not! "Yan Yueshan, with a fierce face, suddenly said.
Not only were the three fat men powerful, but their tempers were also completely different. Shi Kefan was tactful and experienced, while Yan Yueshan was hot-tempered.
"Second Brother, don't be impatient." Shi Kefan shook his head and said, "If you don't believe me, I can bring the runes drawn by Luo Zheng. You will understand after you take a look! He is the second runemaster in the Central Domain to have perfect brushstrokes! "
Just as Shi Kefan was about to send someone to bring Luo Zheng's "masterpiece", Luo Zheng was speechless. The intelligence of this group of False Tribulation experts was really a bit … He suddenly said, "Is there a need to go through so much trouble? I have already told you that the Rising Dragon Platform has returned to normal. Can't you just send someone to the Rising Dragon Platform? "
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, these False Tribulation experts all fell silent …
In fact, these False Tribulation experts were naturally not that stupid. The main reason was that they were completely immersed in the shock brought by Shi Kefan's words. A runemaster comparable to Feng Guanyu! They really wanted to see Luo Zheng's masterpiece, to see if it was really as amazing as Shi Kefan had said!
After being reminded by Luo Zheng, they finally remembered what they were here for today!
"That's right, arrange for someone to ascend to the Ascend to the Immortal realm! Xuan An, you go and try it! " Hei Ya was the first to speak. He then threw a piece of Dragon Jade Pendant in his hand to a warrior from the Black Mountain Sect.
Xuan's to to the Rising Dragon platform, Xuan to the Rising Platform to the Rising Ascento the To the Rising to to the Rising to the To the Rising to the To.
To the Ascension to the Ascending to the Immortal realm, to the end, to the was, to enter to enter the this was to the end, to the was to enter, to, to the, it was to the, to enter, to the was to the ascending. to the Ascento the the the the immortal mortal mortal mortal mortal realm???
Luto the the the To enter the The Was to enter the to To the the the To To the To 'Rising to the the To the To the To enter the platform
When the others saw Xuan An enter the Rising Dragon Platform, all of them had envious expressions on their faces. If what Luo Zheng said was true, it would indeed be a great benefit to Xuan An.
Xuan An needed some time to break through from the first level to the sixth level, so all the warriors were waiting quietly in front of the Rising Dragon Platform.
About half an hour later, Xuan An finally passed all the tests and arrived at the top of the Rising Dragon Platform.
"Buzz!"
Not long after that, the top of the Rising Dragon Platform lit up with a bright white light.
Right at this moment, all the mighty warriors in Heavenly Awakening City had their eyes fixed on the platform. Even those old monsters who had yet to show their faces were paying full attention to the platform.
"Swoosh!"
A bright white light rose up from the Rising Dragon Platform, then it shot up into the sky and disappeared into the nine heavens!
"He did it?"
All the Sect Chiefs had excited expressions on their faces. After entering the Rising Dragon Platform, Xuan An had indeed ascended to the Immortal realm. What Luo Zheng said was true.
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie's expression became more and more strange. She felt that something was wrong. Was Luo Zheng really that good? Was he really willing to repair the runes on the sixth level? Was there some kind of trap?
If Ning Yudie could think of this, the other Sect Chiefs could not. After Xuan An used the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend, a jade tablet appeared in Hei Ya's hand. "This is Xuan An's life jade tablet. If Xuan An dies, this life jade tablet will shatter."
After saying that, Hei Ya casually threw the life jade tablet to the top of the Rising Dragon Platform, where it spun. It might take some time to test whether Xuan An was safe or not, but they did not know that it would take a very, very long time. It was very likely that Xuan An would not be able to return for the rest of his life.
Since it was proven that the Rising Dragon Platform had been restored to normal, the False Tribulation Realm warriors were no longer in a hurry. They had plenty of time to test whether the Rising Dragon Platform was safe or not.
In fact, these False Tribulation Realm warriors were not in a hurry to ascend to the Upper World. They wanted to take the Rising Dragon Platform for themselves and leave a way out for themselves.
The stronger a warrior was, the more afraid they were of death. Although the lifespan of a False Tribulation Realm warrior was long, there would eventually be an end. Time was an incomparably sharp knife, always able to give a fatal blow at the end of their life.
Therefore, many False Tribulation Realm warriors would go to some extremely dangerous places to look for treasures that could prolong their lifespan when their lifespan was about to end. Some would even risk their lives to go to Divine Kingdoms to gain experience.
If they really could not make a breakthrough in their cultivation in the future, they could pin their hopes on the Upper World and seek an opportunity to break through! This was the plan of many False Tribulation Realm warriors.
"Can I leave now?" Luo Zheng asked Shi Kefan.
Shi Kefan nodded and said, "Since the problem of the Rising Dragon Platform has been satisfactorily solved, no one in Tianqi City can make things difficult for you!"
The False Tribulation Realm warriors did not pay attention to Luo Zheng. In fact, with their status, coming out to make things difficult for a Divine Reflection Realm junior was indeed not a glorious thing. However, the Rising Dragon Platform involved too many people, so they had no choice but to do so.
Ning Yudie coldly glared at Luo Zheng, snorted, and then flew away.
Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile, and at the same time, he followed.
"Why do you want to fix the Rising Dragon Platform?" Ning Yudie used True Essence Sound Transmission to send a cold voice into Luo Zheng's ears, like a cold wind blowing into his ears.
Luo Zheng chuckled and said with True Essence Sound Transmission, "Because I want to use it to trick people!"
"Trick people?" Ning Yudie's face showed a trace of surprise. She knew Luo Zheng's personality very well. This guy would never do something that harmed himself, so how did he trick people? No matter how she thought about it, she could not understand!
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said, "The Rising Dragon Platform ascends from the True Dragon World, which is also the gathering place of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. If you don't have the True Dragon Bloodline in your body, you will be imprisoned for a thousand years."
"What!?" Ning Yudie's beautiful eyes widened, her face full of shock, "There's such a thing?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
Imprisoned for a thousand years …
Even False Tribulation Realm warriors only had a lifespan of a little more than a thousand years, just like Black Crow who had lived for more than four hundred years. If Black Crow ascended to the True Dragon World, he would probably die there!
"No! How can you return from the True Dragon World? "Ning Yudie frowned and asked.
Luo Zheng was able to avoid a thousand years of imprisonment because of Qinglong, but Luo Zheng could not tell Ning Yudie this reason.
But today, Ning Yudie was willing to protect him, so Luo Zheng was very touched. Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said to Ning Yudie, "Let's find a safe place to talk."
The Martial Arts Conference was about to be held, so most of the old monsters of the Central Domain were gathered in Tianqi City. These old monsters' Divine Senses and eyes were very sharp.
Ning Yudie nodded silently and said, "Come with me!"
Then, under Ning Yudie's lead, the two flew all the way to an extremely luxurious palace in Tianqi City. This palace was obviously built by the World Business Alliance to receive distinguished guests, and Ning Yudie naturally belonged to the ranks of distinguished guests.
As soon as Luo Zheng entered the palace, Ning Yudie waved her hand, and a huge snowflake pattern appeared on the floor of the palace. This snowflake pattern constantly rotated, forming a profound ice barrier that enveloped Luo Zheng and herself.
"No one can hear our conversation. Tell me, since you said that cultivators who ascend to the True Dragon World will be imprisoned for a thousand years, then … how did you come back?" Ning Yudie asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and took out a small bottle from his Sumeru Ring. He casually threw the small bottle to Ning Yudie, "According to the rules of the Dragon Bloodline, as long as you have a drop of True Dragon Blood in your body, you are considered a member of their clan. This is for you!"
Ning Yudie took the small bottle from Luo Zheng's hand and saw a drop of blood pulsating inside. Even though Ning Yudie was a very knowledgeable person, she still couldn't help gasping in shock, "This is … True Dragon Blood?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 444
In the Great Wide World where Luo Zheng lived, there was once a legend about the True Dragon.
The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was widely distributed in the Great Wide World. In some Great Wide Worlds, they even ruled the world. However, in the Great Wide World where Luo Zheng lived, although the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was prosperous for a time, they eventually declined.
Flood Dragons, Winged Dragons, Horned Dragons, and other fierce beasts were once spiritual beasts raised by the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan. However, after the decline of the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan, they became ownerless fierce beasts.
The records of the True Dragon could be traced back to 160,000 years ago. There was an unprecedented battle on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. At that time, the seven Divine Kingdoms joined forces to wage a huge war against the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan!
Although the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan had the inheritance of the True Dragon Clan, they were still defeated by the joint forces of the seven Divine Kingdoms! The seven Divine Kingdoms also took advantage of the situation to pursue and destroy the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan in one fell swoop.
When the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was forced into a desperate situation, they sacrificed the lives of millions of their clansmen to forcefully open a passage and summon a True Dragon!
It was said that the True Dragon was unimaginably big. In that huge passage, only a huge dragon head appeared. This dragon head only spat out a mouthful of dragon breath, and then the passage completely collapsed. The True Dragon was annihilated in the passage.
As a low-level plane, the Great Wide World could not support the existence of such a powerful divine beast. Even if the passage was opened by sacrificing the lives of millions of clansmen, it only allowed the dragon head to appear for a few breaths and spit out a mouthful of dragon breath.
Just because of this dragon breath, three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed, leaving only four Divine Kingdoms to survive in the world.
Although the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was eventually annihilated by the Divine Kingdoms, the True Dragon that broke through space and descended left a deep impression on the people of the Great Wide World! After more than 100,000 years of erosion, even the mountains had evolved into rivers, and the sea had turned into mulberry fields. However, that scene had always been passed down in the world and had been recorded until now!
The power of the True Dragon was not something that ordinary people could imagine.
This was also why Ning Yudie was so surprised.
After Luo Zheng left the Cloud Hall without permission that day, Ning Yudie had also looked for him. However, as she had traveled the path of the Trial Takers with Luo Zheng, she knew that Luo Zheng's luck was very strong. People with such great luck would not die easily..................... Cloud Hall......
Obviously, Ning Yudie's guess was only half correct. The opportunity Luo Zheng had obtained was far beyond her imagination!
A drop of True Dragon's blood was casually taken out and given away! Just how great of an opportunity was this?
It wasn't that Ning Yudie couldn't take out something comparable to the True Dragon's Blood, but the importance of such a thing could be imagined. No matter what, she couldn't bear to give it away!
How generous was this guy? Or was his brain damaged?
Seeing Ning Yudie's strange expression, Luo Zheng chuckled and reached out his hand to Ning Yudie. "You don't want it? Give it back to me if you don't want it! "
"Pa!"
Ning Yudie slapped Luo Zheng's hand away. She glared at him fiercely and put away the True Dragon's Blood.
For some reason, Ning Yudie found that she did not put on any airs in front of Luo Zheng. She was the dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. Even those False Tribulation Realm Elders did not dare to act rashly in front of her. This guy was just a little disciple of the Cloud Hall!
What was even more hateful was that Luo Zheng clearly knew her identity, but he did not take it seriously. Should she remind him?
"Little Die, I just heard them talking about the Martial Arts Conference. Is it because of the Rising Dragon Platform?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Ning Yudie nodded. "Yes. After the Rising Dragon Platform appeared three months ago, several major Sects had a dispute because of it. In the end, the World Business Alliance stepped in and brought forward the Martial Arts Conference held once every ten years to this year. They also added the Rising Dragon Platform as a reward for the first place. But I didn't expect that … the Rising Dragon Platform is actually a dead end. Without the True Dragon's Blood, even if you win the Rising Dragon Platform, it is useless."
After saying that, Ning Yudie shook her head. Obviously, she was still shocked by the news brought by Luo Zheng.
"Only Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Void Spirit Sect are participating in this Martial Arts Conference?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Ning Yudie looked at him strangely, but still answered, "Definitely not only them. There are also fourth-grade Sects such as the Mysterious Yin Mansion. Even many independent disciples and some outstanding disciples from third-grade Sects are also participating!"
"Independent warriors?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Basically, all the famous independent warriors are here, such as the Confucian Sage Liu Wenchang, Nan Hua Venerable Xiang Tianxing, and the Eastern Evil King Cui Xie. They all brought their favorite disciples here," Ning Yudie said.
Hearing the words "Cui Xie", Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with killing intent, but it was still caught by Ning Yudie.
This guy seems to be asking about Cui Xie. Does he have a conflict with the Eastern Evil King? How is that possible?
A warrior from a second-grade Sect in the Eastern Region could not have anything to do with Cui Xie.
Suddenly, Ning Yudie seemed to think of something, and her eyes widened slightly!
"You guessed it," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Ning Yudie nodded.
It was not difficult to guess the answer. Ning Yudie had sent someone to give Luo Yan to Cui Xie. She had an impression of Luo Yan with the Extreme Purple Yin Body.
Luo Yan was from the Eastern Region, and so was Luo Zheng. In addition, Luo Zheng showed killing intent to Cui Xie. With Ning Yudie's clever mind, she figured it out almost instantly.
As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, her first priority was to develop the Sect. Luo Yan was just a talented female disciple from a second-grade Sect under the Cloud Hall. If she fought against Cui Xie because of Luo Yan, it would be really unwise. That would be irresponsible to the entire Cloud Hall!
Ning Yudie's expression was silent. For a moment, she did not know what to say.
However, when he saw Ning Yudie's expression, a little anger rose in Luo Zheng's heart.
He had always hidden Luo Yan's matter in his heart. After coming to the Central Domain, he had never revealed it to anyone. Other than Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, no one else knew about it.
Shi Jingtian had once explained to Luo Zheng why the Cloud Hall gave Luo Yan to Cui Xie. Cui Xie was too strong, and the Cloud Hall had no choice but to do so. However, deep in Luo Zheng's heart, there was still a trace of resentment. This trace of resentment had been buried deep in Luo Zheng's heart, but finally, it could not help but burst out here.
"Don't you think that you should apologize to me?" Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and said, "If you had protected Luo Yan like you protected me, Luo Yan might not have been taken away by Cui Xie!"
"I …" Ning Yudie's expression was very unnatural.
"Do you think that Luo Yan's Extreme Purple Yin Body is not valuable, and that I have the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform? If I didn't have the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform, I wouldn't be worthy of your help! "Luo Zheng's eyes were burning as he stared at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie was not very old. Although she had an extraordinary aura when she was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, her heart was still young. Her heart was easily shaken, especially when she felt guilty towards others.
Moreover, Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng had once traveled the Trial Taker's Road together. At that time, they were also peers.
Under Luo Zheng's interrogation, Ning Yudie seemed to have forgotten her identity. In front of Luo Zheng, she was like a child who had done something wrong …
If an outsider saw a dignified False Tribulation Realm expert, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, being interrogated by a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist in such a panic, their eyeballs would probably pop out of their sockets from shock.
Her small and delicate oval face was full of an unnatural expression. Her strong and inviolable aura of the past was swept away. At this moment, she was like a little girl who had done something wrong. She silently lowered her eyes and said, "I'm sorry …"
Luo Zheng originally wanted to scold her and say, "What's the use of saying sorry?" However, when he saw Ning Yudie's expression, his heart suddenly softened.
It was unreasonable to blame her.
The world of martial artists was like this! Although Cui Xie did not belong to a sect and was an independent martial artist, he was still the number one expert in the Central Domain! Even the Void Spirit Sect was not willing to fight against Cui Xie, let alone the Cloud Hall!
As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, what was wrong with her doing this?
"Forget it." Luo Zheng waved his hand.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Ning Yudie curled her lips and did not speak.
However, an old woman's voice came from the side. "The East Evil King took your sister away. If you have the ability, go find him! Why are you blaming the Cloud Hall here? What kind of logic is this? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked. He saw a white-haired old woman with a hunched back pass through the barrier set up by Ning Yudie without any hindrance and walk in.

Chapter 445
Although this old woman had a doddering appearance, within her pair of dim yellow eyes, there was a kind of breathtaking aura. Even though she was staggering, there was a certain kind of artistic conception hidden within her footsteps.
When he heard Ning Yudie call the old woman master, only then did Luo Zheng realize her identity. She was the old monster who was supporting the Cloud Hall!
Although Ning Yudie's talent was extremely high, and she was even able to cultivate a Secret Art like the Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Scripture to the point where she was only one step away from reaching the Grand Accomplishment stage, her foundation was still too shallow. The only reason she was able to reach the position of Temple Master was because of this old woman.
The old woman didn't respond to Ning Yudie's call. Instead, she turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Besides, you're just a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Division. I really don't know who gave you the courage to question the Palace Master in front of her!" After saying that, the old woman turned to Ning Yudie and said, "Little Die, you're the same as well. How can a disciple of the Elite Division question you in front of you? Where is your face as the Palace Master? Where is your dignity? Why are you apologizing to him?! "
Ning Yudie's mouth moved. She wanted to tell her master that Luo Zheng was different, but she was afraid that her master would ask her what was different about Luo Zheng.
What was different about Luo Zheng? She really couldn't answer this question. As the Palace Master, she didn't have any dignity in front of Luo Zheng, and this was the most important difference … But, if she really did answer this question, perhaps her master would scold her to death.
"In order for Cui Xie to set up the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation and break through the limits of his life and death, he needs to gather three Divine Core warriors, and all of them have to possess the extremely rare Amethyst Yin Body." The old woman said with a hoarse voice, "The Amethyst Yin Body is a unique body type that is extremely rare under the heavens, and it is extremely difficult to gather three of them! Cui Xie has already found two people, one is your sister Luo Yan, and the other is Si Miaoling! Only one person was left, and the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Array would be successfully set up. This time, Si Miaoling will participate in the Martial Arts Conference as Cui Xie's disciple. If you have the ability, you can kill Si Miaoling at the Martial Arts Conference! "
Hearing the old woman's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed!
So another martial artist with the Extreme Purple Yin Body would participate in the Martial Arts Conference?
The Extreme Violet Yin Physique was extremely difficult to find. Otherwise, Cui Xie wouldn't have spent so many years searching for the last Extreme Violet Yin Physique.
If he could kill Si Miaoling, it would greatly slow down Cui Xie's plan!
Facing Cui Xie, Luo Zheng had been at his wit's end. To him, Cui Xie was too strong, so he always felt a sense of urgency and helplessness.
If Luo Zheng had cultivated to the point where he was truly powerful, Cui Xie would have already found the third Extreme Violet Yin Physique and finished setting up the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Array!
"Kill Si Miaoling? What cultivation level is this Si Miaoling?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Middle-stage Divine Core," the old woman said indifferently.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Although he had stepped onto the Rising Dragon Arena and his strength and cultivation had greatly improved, Luo Zheng had no confidence in killing a middle-stage Divine Core martial artist.
"If you don't dare, then get lost. Don't be like a sissy, blaming this and that, and even blaming my Little Die!" The old woman said snappily. It seemed like this old woman was still holding a grudge against Luo Zheng for forcing Ning Yudie to apologize.
"Can I kill my opponent at the Martial Arts Conference?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The old woman coldly snorted, "Do you think this Martial Arts Conference is the same as the All-Peak Competition you participated in in the Blue Cloud Sect? Don't go too far? "
The competition within the Sect was indeed about stopping at a certain point. Although there were many cases of martial artists being injured or even killed in the arena, everyone still focused on learning from each other! Under normal circumstances, they would not harm each other's lives.
But the Martial Arts Conference was different!
The Martial Arts Conference in Tianqi City was held once every ten years, and countless martial artists had fallen in it!
These martial artists came from different Sects and belonged to different factions. In this Martial Arts Conference, there was no learning from each other, only the so-called life and death battle.
The winner would take a step forward, and the loser would have to depend on the mood of the other party. If the other party was in a good mood, they would let you go. If the other party was in a bad mood, they would directly take your life, and no one would pity you.
To put it bluntly, the Martial Arts Conference was a fight to the death! And this time, because of the Rising Dragon Arena, the major Sects attached more importance to this Martial Arts Conference than before, and their vision of fighting for the first place would be more active. It was conceivable that this Martial Arts Conference would be more tragic than before.
Therefore, some people said that the Martial Arts Conference held once every ten years by the World Business Alliance was actually a small-scale Sect War. It was also a place to test the true strength of the major Sects during peacetime.
"What are the requirements for participating in the Martial Arts Conference?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Ning Yudie raised her eyebrows and asked before her master could, "Do you plan to participate?"
"Of course." Luo Zheng looked straight at Ning Yudie and nodded without any concession.
Luo Zheng originally planned to participate in this Martial Arts Conference! Strictly speaking, he was already a member of the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan, or rather, a member of the Dragon Pool Palace. If Luo Zheng wanted to ascend to the Real Dragon World, he had to rely on the Rising Dragon Arena. The importance of the Rising Dragon Arena to him was self-evident.
"Do you know the strength of the other participants in this Martial Arts Conference?" Ning Yudie asked again.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then shook his head and said, "I don't know."
Ning Yudie sneered, then shook her head and said, "How dare you participate in the Martial Arts Conference when you don't even know the strength of the other warriors? This Martial Arts Conference limits the strength of the warriors to the middle stage of the Divine Core Realm! And these warriors are all from fourth-grade Sects, and even fifth-grade Sects. There are also the geniuses carefully cultivated by those old monsters! Are you sure you can compete with them? With your strength of the Third Layer of the Divine Reflection Realm!
"Not to mention them, even Zong Mo Xie and Xuanyuan Xiao from the Cloud Hall are far from their opponents …
"Moreover, the five spots for the Cloud Hall have been circled. If you want to participate, you have to get the qualification yourself like those independent warriors.
"If you want to die, I won't stop you!"
Ning Yudie said a few words in a row, but Luo Zheng kept silent.
After she finished speaking, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I must participate in the Martial Arts Conference. I must get the Rising Dragon Platform, and Si Miaoling must die!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng chose to turn around and leave.
"You!" She originally wanted to warn Luo Zheng not to participate in this Martial Arts Conference, or he might die here. However, Luo Zheng's short words made Ning Yudie speechless.
However, Ning Yudie's master showed a trace of appreciation in her eyes. She was an old monster who had lived to become a spirit. She was originally angry that Luo Zheng blamed Ning Yudie. Since Luo Zheng was a warrior, he must have his own responsibility!
"Don't go!" Ning Yudie stretched out her hand, and the icy light in front of Luo Zheng condensed again. She didn't remove the barrier. Now that she had recovered the strength of the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, she could easily keep Luo Zheng here.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's figure swayed like a ghost, one in front and one behind, as if a person's reflection was constantly swaying in the water. Under such swaying, the layer of icy light arranged by Ning Yudie couldn't obstruct Luo Zheng in the slightest. Luo Zheng's figure easily passed through it.
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie and her master's eyes flashed with disbelief!
At this moment, the master and disciple both felt like they had seen a ghost.
What was Ning Yudie's strength? The early stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
Moreover, her cultivation had dissipated nine times. Her strength was far beyond an ordinary early stage False Tribulation Realm warrior! With her strength, the barrier she arranged was actually easily penetrated by Luo Zheng? What did Luo Zheng just do?
The old woman shook her head and said, "If I'm not wrong, Luo Zheng just used the power of the Law of Space. Moreover … his comprehension of the Law of Space is quite thorough. Even my Cloud Hall's Daoist Master Dameng can't do this."
Daoist Master Dameng's comprehension of the Law of Space was considered one of the best in the Central Domain. However, he could only use the "Phantom God Step" in weak areas of space. However, just now, Luo Zheng casually passed through Ning Yudie's barrier. It didn't seem like any fancy movements, but it contained a deep understanding of the Law of Space!
Ning Yudie's expression was complicated. She wanted to chase after him, but her master was beside her. After thinking about it, she restrained herself.
"This kid … is indeed somewhat interesting. If he wants to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, it's up to him." The old woman said lightly. Then, she looked at her disciple meaningfully and asked, "But Xiao Die, why did you have to stop him from participating?"
Ning Yudie blinked and immediately replied, "Luo Zheng is my Cloud Hall's disciple. I couldn't bear to see him throw away his life!"
"Oh? According to what you're saying, Zong Mo Xie, Xuanyuan Xiao, and the others aren't our Cloud Hall's disciples? If they're afraid of death, why do they cultivate martial arts? "The old woman questioned. There was a trace of a smile in her old yellow eyes.
"Master, your disciple doesn't understand what you're saying." Ning Yudie began to play dumb.
The old woman sighed. Her expression became very complicated. She had lived for so many years, and her eyesight was very vicious.
Ning Yudie was talking to Luo Zheng. How was she acting like a Hall Master? How could she not see through Ning Yudie's thoughts?
The old woman knew that Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng had once roamed the Road of Trials together. As for what happened, she didn't know. No matter what happened, it wasn't important. If Luo Zheng really had the strength in the future, she was willing to marry Ning Yudie off.
In the old woman's opinion, Luo Zheng was indeed a genius. His potential wasn't any less than Ning Yudie's. He was also very worthy of the Cloud Hall's nurturing!

Chapter 446
All the taverns, teahouses, and inns in Tianqi City were already overcrowded.
The Martial Arts Conference in the Eastern Domain had attracted almost half of the warriors in the Central Domain. Although 99% of the warriors were not qualified to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, it was worth the trip if they could watch the fights between the experts of the sects in their lifetime.
What's more, there were some martial artists who believed that they would be able to obtain epiphany from observing, allowing them to be enlightened. Although this possibility wasn't great, there was always a slight possibility!
After several inquiries, Luo Zheng finally found the registration place of the Martial Arts Conference.
Although the Martial Arts Conference was open to all the warriors in the Central Domain, not just any Tom, Dick, or Harry could sign up. After all, there were too many warriors in the Central Domain. Therefore, the Martial Arts Conference was divided into an outer test and an inner test.
The so-called outer test was a qualification test. Any warrior above the Divine Reflection Realm could participate in the outer test. After passing the outer test, one would be qualified to enter the inner test, which was the real Martial Arts Conference.
The outer test was actually prepared for the warriors of many small sects in the world, such as the Cloud Hall, the Blood Wood Cliff, the Void Spirit Sect, and some independent warriors. They all had three to ten places and directly guaranteed their disciples to enter the inner test.
The Cloud Hall originally had five places, which had been reported to the World Business Alliance, the organizer of the Martial Arts Conference.
Luo Zheng did not have this opportunity, so he could only choose to participate in the outer test.
By the time he found the registration area, it was already surrounded by numerous martial artists. The bustling martial artists formed an airtight wall, and from time to time, a burst of cheers could be heard coming from the "wall".
Even Luo Zheng also expended a lot of strength before he squeezed through the crowd.
Luo Zheng squeezed into the crowd and saw an old man with a handlebar mustache sitting in the middle. Beside the old man stood four strong men like iron towers. Their upper bodies were naked, and their auras were amazing. These four people were all at the Divine Reflection Realm.
After entering, Luo Zheng found that there were many warriors who came to watch the fun, but there seemed to be not many warriors who signed up.
Just as he was feeling puzzled, he saw a martial artist walk up to the old man with the handlebar mustache and shout, "I'm signing up!" Soon after, the martial artist took out a piece of top grade true essence stone and threw it on the table of the mustached old man.
The old man with the handlebar mustache pointed at a rock beside him and said, "Give it a try. Throw a punch at this rock. Use your strongest strength!"
Beside the old man with the handlebar mustache was a light green stone. This stone was as tall as a person and was square in shape. Nothing could be seen from its surface.
Luo Zheng quietly scanned the stone with his soul and divine sense, and a strange expression appeared on his face. This stone actually completely blocked his soul and divine sense. It was a very strange stone.
Without another word, the martial artist walked in front of the stone and shouted to the surrounding martial artists, "Make way!"
The bustling martial artists suddenly opened up a space, and then the martial artist took two steps back. His entire body's True Essence began to crazily fluctuate. It seemed that he cultivated an extremely fierce cultivation method, and the aura he released was extremely overbearing.
"Ha!"
The martial artist shouted. His footsteps were like water, and at the same time, his alms bowl-sized fist smashed towards the green stone.
The martial artist was in the eighth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. If it were an ordinary mountain rock, it would have been smashed into powder by this punch. However, when the martial artist's fist smashed into the green stone, the green stone didn't move at all. It didn't even sway, and only made a slight muffled sound.
"Pu!"
The old man with the handlebar mustache glanced at the green stone indifferently, and then shouted, "Not qualified. Next!"
Hearing the voice of the old man with the handlebar mustache, the martial artist's face revealed a depressed look. He then shook his head and left the crowd dejectedly.
"A top grade true essence stone is gone just like that?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng sighed. The World Business Alliance was too good at accumulating wealth.
No wonder there weren't many people signing up. A top grade true essence stone wasn't cheap. A single top grade true essence stone was worth millions of low-grade true essence stones. Most Divine Reflection Realm martial artists didn't have that much wealth.
However, the Central Domain was so big, and there were countless second-grade sects, third-grade sects, and large families. Spending a top grade true essence stone wasn't a big deal for these sects and families. Even if they didn't pass the test, it was still a good opportunity to broaden their horizons.
After that martial artist failed, another person barged in.
This person carried a navy blue scimitar on his back. He had a crew cut, and his gaze was very calm. As soon as he walked in, he casually threw a top-grade True Essence Stone on the table, and then walked to the blue stone at the side.
"I don't know if this person will succeed!"
"He has the strength of the Divine Reflection Realm. He should be able to change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!"
"I don't think so. Didn't two Divine Reflection Realm martial artists fail the test before?"
There was a burst of whispering in the crowd, and Luo Zheng was able to glean some information from these whispers. It turned out that the blue stone used for the test was called the Divine Magnetic Stone. Even Divine Reflection Realm martial artists had not been able to pass this test.
The martial artist with the curved saber on his back casually walked towards the blue stone. He didn't seem to be accumulating any strength, nor did he make any preparations. Instead, he casually slapped his palm towards the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!
"Swoosh!"
A sharp gust of wind slapped onto the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
"What a sharp gust of wind! It even contains a trace of the law of wind! "Luo Zheng raised his brows. This man wasn't a Divine Core warrior, he was just an Extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, and yet he possessed such strength. This was enough for Luo Zheng to pay attention to.
"Slap!"
The gust of wind slapped onto the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. The stone didn't even shake, but the color of the stone had changed. It had turned from green to red.
But, the time it took for the stone to change color was very short, it only lasted for three breaths of time. After that, the stone turned from red back to green.
"Another one passed! And it's just a casual slap! This man is so strong! "
"An Extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, I don't think there are many fourth grade sects who can do this, right?"
"Indeed, making the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for three breaths of time, it's hard to find another Extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artist."
"Passed? What's your name?" The old man with the handlebar mustache looked at the martial artist with an indifferent expression. A smile of praise emerged on his face, then he raised up a writing brush and a nameplate in his hand.
"Ao Xiang." The martial artist with the scimitar told the old man his name.
Hearing this name, many martial artists in the crowd suddenly shouted out, "So it's him! The Ao Xiang who killed three thousand Shadow Wolf Kings by himself in the Hulun Grassland!"
"What? One person killed three thousand Shadow Wolf Kings? How come I've never heard of him? "
"The Hulun Grassland is located in the Central Domain, it's too remote. It's normal that the martial artists of the Central Domain haven't heard of him."
Ao Xiang didn't seem to care about the discussion of the surrounding martial artists. After receiving the nameplate from the old man with the handlebar mustache, he left the registration area under the guidance of the World Business Alliance. Only by passing this test could one be considered to have successfully registered. But regardless of whether one passed or not, the top-grade true essence stone would not be returned.
All the way until after Ao Xiang left, the various martial artists were still discussing Ao Xiang spiritedly.
At this time, Luo Zheng walked towards the old man with the handlebar mustache, took out a top-grade true essence stone from his spatial ring, and placed it on the old man's table.
"Fourth-stage Divine Reflection Realm? Are my eyes playing tricks on me!? "
"Hehe, he can even take out a top-grade true essence stone, he's really rich!"
"He's probably a young master from a third-grade family, coming out to play. Throwing out a top-grade true essence stone so casually, doesn't he feel bad about it? "
"What a waste, rather than giving it to the World Business Alliance, why not give it to me?"
Perhaps it was because Luo Zheng's cultivation was too low, he immediately attracted the attention of the surrounding martial artists, and the discussion was even more heated than when they were talking about Ao Xiang.
Although the rules of the outer trials stated that all Divine Illumination Realm martial artists could participate, the vast majority of martial artists were unable to pass the registration hurdle. Just the Divine Origin Magnet Stone alone had stopped countless Divine Illumination Realm martial artists!
Most of the martial artists who had successfully registered were at the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm, and some were even at the Divine Core realm.
As for those martial artists below the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm who had successfully registered, there were less than 10 of them. Most of them were at the eighth or ninth level of the Divine Reflection Realm, and their cultivation was very close to the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm.
No one had expected that a Third Stage Divine Reflection Realm martial artist would suddenly appear. Everyone was here to watch the show, and only those who were too strong or too weak would be able to watch the show. Therefore, they couldn't stop talking about it. They wanted to see what kind of joke this Third Stage Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, Luo Zheng, would make.
(I did have something to do this weekend, but I'll try my best to keep up with the updates, thank you T _ T)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 447
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to these discussions and walked towards the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, sizing it up a few times.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, this Divine Origin Magnet Stone was very strange. The power of Law contained within it was very special.
As the most basic composition of this world, Origin Source Laws were almost innumerable. Just like mountains, boulders contained the power of Earth Laws, all kinds of strange flames contained the power of Fire Laws, and in the vast space, Space Laws were everywhere.
However, ordinary people simply couldn't detect them, nor could they grasp them.
However, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in front of him contained the power of seven Origin Source Laws. Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, Wind, Wind, these seven Origin Source Laws weaved together very evenly. This was why Luo Zheng had such a strange feeling.
Previously, the cultivator named Ao Xiang had used the Wind Laws of Origin Source Laws to stimulate the Wind Laws in this Divine Origin Magnet Stone, which was why the Divine Origin Magnet Stone's color had changed.
"Using the power of one Origin Source Law can cause this Divine Origin Magnet Stone to change. What if I fuse all seven Origin Source Laws together?" For some unknown reason, Luo Zheng suddenly had such an idea.
Luo Zheng didn't know that Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who had such an idea.
The Divine Origin Magnet Stone was originally a very strange stone. It was neither gold nor iron and was invulnerable. Even such a small piece of Divine Origin Magnet Stone couldn't be destroyed by a Void Tribulation Realm powerhouse's all-out attack.
This Divine Origin Magnet Stone was excavated from the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Sea. It was said that this Divine Origin Magnet Stone wasn't excavated by a cultivator. Instead, after millions of years of natural evolution, the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain had fallen from the top of the mountain after being weathered.
Some cultivators had deduced that if one wanted to process or break down this Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, they would need to be proficient in the seven Origin Source Laws contained within the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain!
This was simply impossible for the warriors of the Central Domain.
"Seven Laws fused together, heh heh. Kid, you're really daring." Qinglong's voice suddenly echoed in Luo Zheng's mind. Ever since he had devoured the Evil Owl Beast, Qinglong had rarely spoken these days. He seemed to be busy absorbing the Soul Strength contained within the Evil Owl Beast. When Qinglong had devoured the Evil Owl Beast, he was still very weak. Now, Qinglong seemed to have recovered quite a bit.
"What do you mean? Is it difficult to fuse seven types of Power of Law? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, it's very difficult, very difficult. Moreover, the origin of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in front of you is extraordinary … If you can reach that level in the future, you might be able to take the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain. It is indeed a great treasure, but for the current you, don't think too much about it!" Qinglong said calmly.
For Qinglong to say that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone had an extraordinary origin, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. How high was Qinglong's vision? Even something as precious as the Blood Essence of a True Dragon was just an ordinary item for Qinglong. He was a True Dragon, so the amount of Blood Essence he had was probably astonishing.
With Qinglong's evaluation of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, Luo Zheng once again carefully sized up the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in front of him.
The Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, the Dragon Vein, the legend of the Human Race … the mysterious furnace, the Nine True Dragons, what was the connection between them? Luo Zheng realized that something unimaginable must have happened in the Vast Thousand Domains. Unfortunately, Qinglong seemed unwilling to talk about it.
"This kid is staring at the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in a daze! What is he thinking about? "
"If you're too weak, don't waste time. Hurry up and punch it! If you're afraid of losing face, why come here? "
"Hey, there are still people waiting to pay and take the assessment. If you don't fight, it'll be considered as you forfeit!"
Many cultivators clamored around Luo Zheng again.
Hearing the crowd's urging, Luo Zheng shook his head. He seemed to be thinking too much. His current strength and vision were still limited to the Central Domain. It was not something he needed to think about now.
Thus, under the urging, Luo Zheng slowly raised his fist.
If he wanted to change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, he only needed to stimulate one of the Laws.
Those martial artists that were at the pinnacle of Illuminating Divinity didn't have a deep understanding of the power of Laws. For instance, Ao Xiang's cultivation method of Wind Laws was only based on the basic application of Wind Laws. In truth, he hadn't actually comprehended any Wind Laws!
After all, the Laws were not so easy to comprehend. Even a powerhouse like "Daoist Master Dameng" had only comprehended the surface of the Law of Space! However, this was also the reason why the Law of Space was more difficult to comprehend than other Laws.
"I can't fuse the two Laws at the moment, so … I'll just use the pure Law of Lightning!" A streak of azure lightning lit up in Luo Zheng's hand. This streak of lightning was very small and did not seem very powerful.
This was because Luo Zheng did not cultivate the Law of Lightning.
"Such a small streak of lightning, this brat is really amusing!"
"Is this the strength of the Divine Origin Stage? My horizons have been broadened … "
"The power of this lightning is probably not even comparable to that of an ordinary Xiantian lifeform, right?"
When the cultivators saw the tiny streaks of lightning in Luo Zheng's hand, they immediately burst into laughter.
Even Luo Zheng himself admitted that the tiny streaks of lightning in his hand were not very powerful. They were even far inferior to the lightning cultivation methods of some Xiantian lifeforms. Compared to the lightning contained in Hua Tianming's "Extreme Lightning Sword Intent", it was far inferior.
However … when the mustached old man sitting at the table saw the tiny streaks of lightning, his eyes suddenly lit up. At the same time, his face revealed a trace of doubt.
"What a pure power of lightning!"
The old man with the handlebar mustache secretly praised. He was also extremely confused. This kid clearly possessed such pure lightning power. Why was the power of the lightning so weak? The scene before his eyes somewhat violated the mustached old man's common sense.
After the tiny streaks of lightning condensed for a while, Luo Zheng's fist suddenly struck towards the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone.
"Pu!"
When this punch landed on the Origin Magnetic Divine Stone, it emitted a soft explosive sound.
Then Luo Zheng took a step back, watching the changes on the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone.
Numerous cultivators also stared unblinkingly at the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone. Most of them disapproved. How could such a small amount of power make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color? They were paying so much attention purely because they wanted to see a joke.
Under everyone's gazes, the surface of the stone began to change color. In an instant, the entire stone turned from azure to red.
"It, it changed color!"
"How is this possible? His fist clearly didn't have any power! How could it make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color? "
"Is there something wrong with the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone?"
Astonishment emerged on everyone's faces. They stared at the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone, as if they wanted to dig a hole in the stone and find out what was wrong with it!
One breath …
Two breaths …
Ten breaths …
As time passed, the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone still maintained its red color. Its color didn't change back.
According to the rules set by the mustached old man, as long as the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone's color turned red, it would be considered a pass.
Some powerful cultivators, such as a Divine Core cultivator, were able to make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for seven to eight breaths! This was already considered an amazing feat.
As for some weaker cultivators, such as a Divine Reflection cultivator, they could only make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for a blink of an eye. But, this was still considered a pass.
For example, the cultivator in front of Luo Zheng, whose name was' Ao Xiang 'from the Hulun Grassland, he was able to make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for three breaths with his Divine Reflection cultivation base.
But now …
This Third Level Divine Reflection cultivator was able to make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for more than ten breaths!
When the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone changed color, many cultivators believed that there was something wrong with the stone. Now, after ten breaths of time, the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone was still red. It didn't change back to green, and this only deepened the cultivators' thoughts.
Twenty breaths of time passed …
Thirty breaths of time passed …
The Divine Origin Magnetic Stone was still red, and it didn't seem like it was going to change back to green.
"I never thought there would be something wrong with the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone!"
"I think it has been hit too many times, I'm sure the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone is broken!"
"Broken? What a joke! This Divine Origin Magnetic Stone is a stone from a divine mountain that descended from the heavens, how could it be broken? "
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the red color on the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone finally faded away, and it returned to its original green color.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. After that, he walked up to the mustached old man and said, "I've passed, right?"
The mustached old man was also staring at the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in a daze. With the unfathomable strength of this mustached old man, he could see much more than the other warriors. Obviously, he wouldn't think that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone had been damaged like the other warriors.

Chapter 448
"What? That counts as a pass! "
"The Divine Origin Magnet Stone is obviously broken. How can that count as a pass? The World Business Alliance has no prestige at all!"
"Are you kidding me? Then I'll give it a try! Maybe I can pass too. "
Hearing the bearded old man's answer, many of the spectating martial artists suddenly burst into an uproar, their faces full of unwillingness.
Most of the martial artists present were in the Divine Illumination Realm, and most of them were in the seventh or ninth stage of the Divine Illumination Realm.
These martial artists were here to watch the show. Of course, they also wanted to see the strength of other martial artists and compare it with their own, estimating whether they had a chance of qualifying for the registration.
It would have been better if they hadn't looked, but when they did, they were shocked. Not to mention eighth or ninth level Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, even the extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artists would have a slim chance of passing.
Not all martial artists came from large families. There were many independent martial artists or martial artists from small sects that didn't have much money in their pockets. Although there were a considerable number of them that did have a top grade true essence stone, they couldn't bear to throw it away to the mustached old man no matter how hard they tried.
After all, the probability of passing was far too low. If one casually tossed in a True Essence Stone, there was a high chance that it would be wasted. No one's money came from nothing. For a Divine Reflection Boundary martial artist, earning a top-grade True Essence Stone was far too difficult.
But they never imagined that a guy in the third stage of the Divine Illumination Realm would appear out of nowhere. Even with an unremarkable punch, the power of thunder and lightning contained in that punch was pitifully weak. But this punch actually made the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for an incense stick's worth of time!
No one would be able to believe such a thing. They could only think that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone was broken!
In fact, whether Luo Zheng passed or not had nothing to do with these martial artists. But when they heard the bearded old man announce that Luo Zheng had passed, their hearts were very unbalanced. They all shouted, "Why? Why did he pass? "
"If this kind of person can pass, then we can all pass!"
"Is this the prestige of the World Business Alliance? If he cheated, just say so! "
"I don't know what the World Business Alliance is thinking. Even if he's at Lv 3 of the Divine Reflection Realm, it's impossible for him to pass the Outer Test. Is it courting death to let him participate in the Martial Arts Competition?"
Just as the cultivators were shouting, the mustached old man furrowed his brows. His expression turned cold as he suddenly shouted, "Shut up, all of you!"
When the bearded old man roared, the ears of the Divine Reflection Realm cultivators buzzed. Seeing the cold expression of the bearded old man, they all subconsciously closed their mouths.
The old man with the handlebar mustache looked at this group of warriors with eyes full of mockery. He thought to himself, What do you bunch of idiots know? The power of thunder in this youth's hand was indeed very weak, but it was incomparably pure. It seemed to contain a very strong power of the Laws of Thunder!
"If I say he passed, then he passed. If you can do it, then you can pay!" The old man with the handlebar mustache didn't explain to these warriors at all. He just threw out a sentence and turned to Luo Zheng with a pleasant expression. "What's your name?"
"Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"Mm," the old man with the handlebar mustache noted down this name. He picked up a brush and wrote the two words' Luo Zheng 'on the nameplate, then returned it to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't stay for long. Since he had already registered, the next test he would have to take was the outer examination. After putting away the nameplate, Luo Zheng quickly left.
After Luo Zheng left, many warriors swarmed towards the old man with the handlebar mustache, all of them taking out their top-grade true essence stones! These top-grade true essence stones had been in their pockets for a long time. These warriors guessed that either the World Business Alliance had done something, or there was a problem with the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
However, some of the more observant warriors still felt that there was a higher possibility that there was a problem with the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. If the World Business Alliance had done something, there was no need for it to be so exaggerated. Making the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for a full incense stick of time was just too fake.
At this time, even the old man with the handlebar mustache didn't think that because Luo Zheng had taken the test, the income from the registration area would suddenly skyrocket!
The warriors threw out top-grade true essence stones as if they didn't care about their lives, hoping to pass the registration assessment.
However, these warriors were hesitant because they weren't confident in their own strength. If they weren't confident in their own strength, how could they pass the assessment? Therefore, none of these warriors were able to pass the assessment!
As for the old man with the handlebar mustache, he was overjoyed. As an Elder of the World Business Alliance, he was originally unhappy that he had been sent to the registration area. However, he was still qualified to receive a share of the income from top-grade true essence stones. Now that he thought about it, the income wasn't small at all. Speaking of which, he had to thank Luo Zheng …
After successfully registering, Luo Zheng walked through Heavenly Awakening City. It wasn't long before he found the place where the outer examination was being held.
This was a massive palace. The palace was built in a very distinctive style. Everywhere was inlaid with gold and jade, displaying the formidable financial resources of the World Business Alliance.
In this palace, three to four hundred warriors were bustling with activity. These warriors were in groups of three to five and were scattered throughout the hall.
The outer examination had already been held for ten days. As for the contents of the upcoming assessment, many warriors had an idea in their hearts. They were very clear that in the upcoming assessment, they would all become competitors. These several hundred people had all passed the test of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. Their strength wouldn't be weak. Therefore, they all revealed a trace of vigilance towards each other. When facing some particularly powerful independent warriors, they would pay extra attention to them.
After Luo Zheng showed his nameplate to the guards at the entrance of the palace, he strode into the palace.
When Luo Zheng had just stepped into the palace, more than half of the three to four hundred warriors cast their gazes on Luo Zheng. Among them, most of the warriors revealed looks of surprise.
The warrior named "Ao Xiang" who had passed the test earlier was also in the palace. He threw a few surprised glances at Luo Zheng, then he confirmed that Luo Zheng was really only a Third Level Divine Reflection Realm warrior. Ao Xiang was one of the few warriors who had passed the test with a cultivation base at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm. This was enough to make Ao Xiang feel proud. After all, most of the warriors at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm couldn't change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. However, not only did Ao Xiang do it, he even made the Divine Origin Magnet Stone turn red for three breaths of time.
This result had surpassed many Divine Core warriors.
But Ao Xiang had not expected that a martial artist at the third level of the Divine Reflection Realm would actually pass the registration test!
"This guy is interesting." Ao Xiang lowered his head and said with an indifferent tone.
What Ao Xiang didn't know was that not only did Luo Zheng change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, he also made it last for the time it took for an incense stick to burn.
None of the warriors who had participated in the outer selection were able to do it!
Ao Xiang wasn't the only one who was interested in Luo Zheng.
Among all the warriors who had entered the palace, the weakest were at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm. Most of them were at the Early Divine Core realm, and a small portion of them were at the Mid Divine Core realm!
All of these people were the best amongst all the independent warriors. Without using any resources from those big sects, they were all at least Earth rank geniuses.
Two Mid Divine Core warriors had their eyes closed. They were leaning against the walls of the palace, resting their minds. They hadn't opened their eyes since the beginning, but they had noticed Luo Zheng's presence.
"This is strange, a Third Level Divine Reflection Realm young man is here." One of the warriors said with a low voice.
Another warrior opened his eyes and threw a glance at Luo Zheng. After that, he casually closed his eyes again. "He is indeed at the Third Level Divine Reflection realm, and it seems like he has some special talent. I think he has a deep understanding of some kind of law."
"Let's play with him when the outer selection begins." The warrior was obviously interested in Luo Zheng.
"Don't be silly, our goal is the inner selection, don't cause any unnecessary trouble." Another warrior said with an indifferent tone.
Even when facing so many Divine Core warriors, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He was a warrior, but he was also a man with flesh and blood. Occasionally, his emotions would fluctuate. Perhaps it was because his heart of martial arts was relaxed, but when he set his goal, his heart would be as firm as a rock!

Chapter 449
After entering the palace, right after Luo Zheng took two steps forward, a warrior with a pale face immediately blocked in front of Luo Zheng. He crossed his arms and stared at Luo Zheng in an unscrupulous manner.
"Yo, fourth level Divine Reflection realm! I'm curious, how did you register? "The pale-faced warrior blocked Luo Zheng's path and asked with a grin on his face.
Luo Zheng threw a glance at this man. Judging from the energy ripples emanating from his body, this man should be an Early Divine Core warrior.
"Get out of my way!" Luo Zheng said with a cold voice.
He was here to participate in the outer circle exam, and he didn't want to cause any trouble. Besides, this was the World Business Alliance's territory, and if he started a fight here, the World Business Alliance would definitely do something about it.
"Tsk tsk," The pale-faced warrior shook his head, "You're not strong, but you have a bad temper. Tell me, how did you pass the Divine Magnetic Stone's test?"
Luo Zheng furrowed his forehead, and a helpless expression emerged in his eyes. Wherever he went, he would bump into someone who wanted to cause him trouble. After thinking for a moment, a faint smile emerged on his face, "You really want to know?"
"I told you I'm curious, don't you have ears?" The pale-faced warrior raised his brows.
Luo Zheng gazed at this man with an indifferent expression, then he said word by word, "It's your business if you're curious, but how I passed the Divine Magnetic Stone's test is none of your business."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the surrounding warriors burst into laughter. A Divine Core warrior was being teased by a Divine Reflection warrior, it was really funny.
However, as the one being teased, the pale-faced cultivator certainly couldn't laugh. He originally had a sickly appearance and his face was deathly pale. Amidst the laughter of the many cultivators, his pale face was dyed with a strange flush of red.
"You …" The pale-faced warrior gritted his teeth, and he was about to attack.
Luo Zheng's expression remained the same. He stared at the pale-faced warrior indifferently, like a crocodile lurking in a deep pool.
In the Upper Realm, not only had Luo Zheng comprehended the power of nine Origin Laws, but his soul had also stepped into the War Soul Realm. More importantly, in the last two months, he had used the secret cultivation room of the Dragon Bloodline to devour a drop of True Dragon Blood Essence and ten drops of True Dragon Blood. Not only had his cultivation base improved by leaps and bounds, but his strength had also improved by leaps and bounds.
Especially the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel, which was a Saint-level technique, Luo Zheng had cultivated it to the third level.
When Luo Zheng had cultivated to the first level, he had easily defeated Zhuo Bufan. Moreover, at that time, Luo Zheng had only been a Xiantian lifeform. Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the third level of the Divine Illumination Realm, his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds. He had appeared from the Rising Dragon Arena and fought with Jiang Yunfei of the Blood Wood Cliff. Relying on his understanding of the Laws of Space, Luo Zheng had severely injured Jiang Yunfei with a single punch.
If this pale-faced cultivator in front of him wanted to make a move, he could seize this opportunity to assess his strength.
Therefore, Luo Zheng stared at the pale-faced cultivator with a calm expression. Every part of his body had quietly tensed up, accumulating power and waiting for this guy to make a move.
Unfortunately, just as this pale-faced cultivator was about to make a move, a Deacon of the World Business Alliance walked out and warned him with a dark expression, "If you make a move here, you'll be disqualified from the outer examination immediately! You'll be expelled from Heaven Awakening City! "
Hearing the Deacon's warning, the pale-faced cultivator's face suddenly changed. He had already obtained the qualifications to enter the outer examination, so he naturally didn't want to be expelled. He could only endure it for now!
He pointed at Luo Zheng's nose and gnashed his teeth as he said, "Just you wait! In the outer examination, I'll make you miserable. "
"I hope so," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Whether it was the outer examination or the inner examination, Luo Zheng had to be in his best condition. Therefore, today, Luo Zheng didn't evade at all. He had to adjust his fighting spirit to the strongest state possible!
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't flinch at all and was full of confidence, the other warriors who were watching the show were a little surprised. Could it be that this guy in the Third Stage of Divine Reflection Realm really had the confidence to fight an Early Divine Core warrior? Or did he have some hidden trump card?
The Central Domain was so big. The population was in the billions, and the number of cultivators was in the billions. As the saying goes, when the forest is big, there are all kinds of birds. Among the billions of cultivators, it wasn't surprising that there were a few cultivators with special physiques or unique talents.
However, there were only a few people who guessed this. Most of the cultivators still disdained Luo Zheng. Most of the cultivators thought that Luo Zheng was just a little Divine Reflection Realm cultivator. Being so arrogant would only lead to his death. There was no way he could pass the outer examination. Moreover, after being eliminated, he would still have to face the pale-faced cultivator. This guy was simply seeking his own death.
At this moment, a middle-aged cultivator wearing a brown coat walked in from the front row of the palace. Everyone knew that the outer examination was about to begin. Everyone's attention shifted from Luo Zheng.
The middle-aged cultivator said with a voice full of energy, "Everyone has traveled thousands of miles to participate in the Martial Arts Conference held by the World Business Alliance. On behalf of the World Business Alliance, I feel extremely honored."
The World Business Alliance was indeed a business organization. Even when holding a Martial Arts Conference, their words were very pleasant to hear. Because of this, the World Business Alliance had won over many powerful independent cultivators. Some of these independent cultivators were even stronger than the Sect Masters of fourth-grade sects!
"Congratulations to everyone for successfully registering. Next, we will enter the outer examination. In this round, we will finally choose three people to enter the inner competition," the middle-aged cultivator announced.
"Only three people will enter the inner competition? That's a bit troublesome … "
"Hundreds of people competing for three spots. The probability is too low!"
"Hehe, one of the spots is destined to be mine."
Hearing that there were only three spots, there was a lot of discussion for a while. From these discussions, one could see the mentality of these cultivators. Their hearts of martial arts could also be immediately determined.
Some people were worried that there were too few spots and that it would be difficult for them to stand out among the hundreds of cultivators. However, some people were full of confidence and believed that they would be one of the three people. There were also some scheming people who calculated their own chances of getting a spot!
Everyone had different expressions on their faces. Some were expectant, some were cautious, some were cautious, and some were anxious.
If someone were to look at Luo Zheng's face right now, they would discover that Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with a stubborn belief. This was the belief that he would definitely win.
The outer examination would be held every day before the inner competition. Therefore, there would be three people who would be qualified to enter the inner competition every day.
If Luo Zheng couldn't even get first place in the outer examination, then there was no need for him to participate in the inner competition. After all, the person he wanted to kill was Si Miaoling! Si Miaoling was a Mid Divine Core warrior, and she also possessed the same Extreme Violet Yin Body as Luo Yan. She was also someone who was trained by Cui Xie, so it wasn't hard to imagine how difficult it would be to kill her.
Therefore, this was just the first step.
"Let me explain the rules of the outer examination in detail …" After that, the middle aged man started explaining the rules of the outer examination with a loud and clear voice. His voice was clear, and he spoke at a moderate speed. All 400 warriors quieted down and listened carefully to the rules.
There was a word 'test' in the outer examination. In fact, it was a test as well, not just a simple fight. It was also a super large illusion formation set up by the World Business Alliance.
The size of this illusion formation was much larger than any illusion formation that Luo Zheng had seen before. Compared to the illusion formation he had seen in the Blue Cloud Sect, it was like a child's play.
The middle aged man spent half the time it took for an incense stick to burn to explain the rules. After that, he took a step to the side, extended his hand, and pulled down the curtain that was hanging on the wall of the palace.
"Now that all the rules are clear, everyone, you can enter the illusion formation now!" With a smile on his face, the middle aged man added, "Good luck to all of you!"
Behind the curtain was the entrance to the huge illusion formation. The entrance was pitch black, and no light could be seen coming from it. Many warriors participating in the outer examination filed in from the entrance, and their figures disappeared one by one.
Luo Zheng was the last to arrive, and he was originally the last in line. Before entering, the middle aged man noticed Luo Zheng. After noticing Luo Zheng's cultivation, the middle aged man's face was also full of astonishment, but he quickly smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Good luck to you."
"Well, thank you," Luo Zheng replied calmly, and then entered the illusion formation.
The middle aged man touched his nose, thinking that he had seen a ghost. The outer examination had been held for so many days, and even warriors at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm were rarely seen. How could a Divine Reflection Third Layer warrior suddenly appear? Moreover, the middle aged man clearly felt Luo Zheng's confidence! Did he plan to advance to the inner examination?
After Luo Zheng entered the illusion formation, he found himself in a vast expanse of white space, and the outline of the surrounding scenery was revealed little by little.
Around him was an emerald green grassland, and along with the grassland, there was a small pagoda as tall as three people. On this small pagoda, two words were written, "Luo Zheng", and on the small pagoda stood an archer with a longbow in his hand!
"This illusion formation's design is interesting," Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a smile.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 450
The middle-aged martial artist from before had fully explained the rules. The Outer Trial was divided into two stages.
The first stage was to surround and protect the small pagoda and obtain a certain amount of points. These points were the most important things in the Outer Trial. Only the top three martial artists with the highest points could obtain the qualifications to enter the Inner Trial.
On the side of the small pagoda, Luo Zheng's points were displayed. At this moment, a large "0" was displayed. In addition to displaying the points, there was also an arc-shaped crystal ball above the pagoda. This crystal ball recorded the number of times the small pagoda was attacked.
While Luo Zheng was observing, a violent bell sound suddenly came from the sky.
"Dang!"
After the bell sound disappeared, a row of densely packed black dots appeared at the end of the grassland.
"They're here!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he looked at the end of the grassland. These small black dots were densely packed spiders. They had three eyes on their heads, which emitted a faint red light. This kind of Three-Eyed Spider's attack power was not strong, but there were many of them.
According to Luo Zheng's understanding of the rules, these Three-Eyed Spiders would attack Luo Zheng and the small pagoda beside him. If the small pagoda was attacked more than twenty times, the small pagoda would be destroyed and Luo Zheng would be eliminated.
Therefore, what Luo Zheng had to do was to kill as many of these Three-Eyed Spiders as possible and not let them get close to the small pagoda.
"Creak … Buzz!"
When the Three-Eyed Spiders came within a certain range, the archer on the small pagoda suddenly pulled the bowstring and shot an arrow into the distance. The archer's archery was extremely accurate. When the arrow was shot, a Three-Eyed Spider in the distance was immediately knocked down to the ground.
This small pagoda could assist Luo Zheng in his attacks. However, although the small pagoda's archery was sharp, every time it shot an arrow, a Three-Eyed Spider would be knocked down to the ground.
Although the archer on the small pagoda's archery was sharp, he could only kill one Three-Eyed Spider at a time. In the face of the sea of Three-Eyed Spiders, it was just a drop in the bucket. Luo Zheng still needed to act.
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. When those Three-Eyed Spiders came within a certain range, he directly rushed forward.
The difficulty of this first wave of Three-Eyed Spiders was not high. It was just that there were a lot of them. This wave of Three-Eyed Spiders that came from all directions numbered in the thousands. They had to use extremely fast methods to kill these Three-Eyed Spiders. As long as a few dozen Three-Eyed Spiders were released, each Three-Eyed Spider would be eliminated after attacking Small Tower once.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword. In an instant, more than a dozen Three-eyed Spiders were cut down and turned into specks of light before dissipating.
His figure rampaged across the grassland. Wherever he passed, the Three-eyed Spiders would fall to the ground, turning into colorful specks of light and dissipating. With the Archer on the small tower shooting, more than half of the thousands of Three-eyed Spiders were annihilated in a short while.
"Could it be that the first wave of attacks wasn't that big? I didn't use any AoE attacks, so the speed shouldn't be that fast either!" Looking at the decreasing number of Three-Eyed Spiders, Luo Zheng's figure also turned into a thin line and rushed forward to kill them all. If he was careless and let a Three-Eyed Spider pass, the loss would outweigh the gain. After all, Small Tower could only withstand 20 attacks.
Luo Zheng's speculation was correct. Among the warriors in this giant illusion array, Luo Zheng's speed was still relatively slow.
For example, the warrior named Ao Xiang. Facing this sea of Three-Eyed Spiders, he stood at the top of Small Tower. After pulling out the scimitar from his back, a cyan astral wind spiraled around him. Then, Ao Xiang gently waved his hand towards the sea of Three-Eyed Spiders.
"Blade Storm!"
Countless cyan astral winds burst out from Ao Xiang's body and spread out in all directions with him as the center.
The astral winds turned into little half-moon-shaped blades that crushed towards the Three-Eyed Spiders. Wherever these blades passed, the Three-Eyed Spiders would be cut into pieces!
Another example was the pale-faced martial artist. He looked sickly, but at this time, he was like a ghost, his figure swaying like a ghost. He waited until the Three-eyed Spiders were a hundred feet away from the small pagoda before a gloomy smile appeared on his face.
"Limitless Ghost Hand!"
As the pale-faced warrior continued to sway, numerous ghost hands suddenly appeared from his body. The number of these ghost hands was astonishing. Each of these ghost hands rushed towards a Three-Eyed Spider. When these ghost hands arrived in front of the Three-Eyed Spiders, they gently grabbed them and crushed them into pieces, turning them into specks of light that dissipated into the illusion array.
In the palace outside the illusion array, in addition to the middle-aged warrior who had informed Luo Zheng of the rules of the illusion array, there were three more Elders!
Surprisingly, one of them was the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance's sub-alliance, Mo Yuezhang, whom Luo Zheng had met once before.
The Martial Dao Competition this time was the World Business Alliance's greatest event, so Mo Yuezhang had been called back from Ocean of Clouds City by the World Business Alliance.
"The strength of the 400 cultivators in the test today seems to be slightly stronger than yesterday. They merely utilized 3 breaths of time to annihilate the fastest cultivator in the first wave, and even the slowest ones only took less than the time for an incense stick to burn." The middle aged warrior stared at a letter tablet before him.
The letter tablet used by the World Business Alliance was extremely large, and it practically occupied an entire wall of the palace.
The letter tablet didn't just display the images of the cultivators within the illusion array, it also recorded the state of the small pagodas that the cultivators were guarding. After the first wave of Tri-Eyed Spiders, not a single cultivator's small pagoda had been attacked, so it was displayed as having been attacked 20 times.
Mo Yuezhang nodded, "Indeed. Looks like the battle for the top 3 will be even more intense today." As he spoke, he moved his gaze towards the cultivators who were the slowest to kill the Tri-Eyed Spiders. When he saw Luo Zheng's name recorded on the letter tablet, his brows suddenly twitched, and then he said to the middle-aged warrior, "Open the image of this cultivator."
The middle-aged warrior was very curious as to why Mo Yuezhang would pay attention to this young man called Luo Zheng. He controlled the letter tablet as he said, "This cultivator is very strange. He's clearly only at the 3rd level of the Divine Reflection Realm, yet he was actually able to pass the registration test. However, it seems like his strength isn't outstanding, and he was ranked last in the first wave."
"It really is him!"
Mo Yuezhang revealed a pleasantly surprised expression when Luo Zheng's image appeared on the letter tablet.
"Who is he?" The middle-aged warrior revealed a strange expression.
Although Luo Zheng had returned from the Rising Dragon Arena, not many people knew about this matter. Only the Sect Masters of the large sects and the upper echelons of the World Business Alliance were aware of this matter, and the middle-aged warrior was unaware of this matter.
"This kid … is the runemaster with the 'perfect brushstrokes'. He's from the Cloud Hall," Mo Yuezhang said with a smile.
"A runemaster with the perfect brushstrokes? Cloud Hall's disciple! Elder Mo, could you have mistaken him for someone else? " The middle-aged warrior's expression changed. As a member of the World Business Alliance, this middle-aged warrior was well aware of the value of a runemaster with the perfect brushstrokes. But why would such a person participate in the Martial Arts Conference? More importantly, he was from the Cloud Hall.
As a peak fourth-grade sect, the Cloud Hall had a quota for the inner competition. Their disciples generally would not sign up for the outer competition and compete with the third-grade sects and independent warriors for a spot. Moreover, this kid was a runemaster and should not be good at fighting. Why would he participate in the outer competition?
"I know him, there's no mistake about it." Mo Yuezhang shook his head. "As for why he wants to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, that's unknown."
The middle-aged warrior shook his head. "No wonder he took so long to pass the first round of the assessment. It took him an incense stick's worth of time to kill all the three-eyed spiders. I don't think he can last more than five waves."
"Five waves?" Mo Yuezhang shook his head, then smiled. "He should be able to last until the tenth wave."
Another Sect Elder standing next to him let out a laugh. "Elder Mo, I don't think you're overestimating this kid. The seventh wave of the illusion formation will be a huge beast tide. I think this kid's limit is the sixth wave, or the seventh wave … I think he might not be able to last until the sixth wave."
These Sect Elders knew a lot about this illusion formation. It wasn't easy to protect the small tower. The strength of each wave was stronger than the previous one. The first five waves were still manageable, but after the sixth wave, the difficulty level would increase exponentially.
Although the Sect Elders had different opinions, none of them thought Luo Zheng would be able to pass the test.
The combat strength of a runemaster was not high, and Luo Zheng was only at the third level of the Divine Reflection realm.
Indeed, there were a dozen Divine Reflection warriors who had successfully registered for the competition. But, those who managed to pass the outer competition and get a spot were all Divine Core warriors. There wasn't a single Divine Reflection warrior!

Chapter 451
It couldn't be said that the General Commerce League had underestimated Luo Zheng. After all, this illusory formation wasn't prepared for a Divine Illumination Realm martial artist like Luo Zheng. It wasn't even prepared for a Divine Illumination Realm martial artist.
The difficulty of this super large illusion formation was actually set up for a Divine Core warrior. Only a small number of Divine Reflection warriors were able to enter it, and they could only last until the sixth or seventh wave before the tower was destroyed.
"Let's wait and see. No matter what, he is a Rune Master, but he was able to pass the registration test and cause the Divine Magnetic Stone to change its color. That's amazing." Mo Yuezhang shook his head. Although he admired Luo Zheng's skill in Runes, this illusion formation didn't test one's skill in Runes, it tested one's overall strength!
"Actually, I'm curious as well, how did this guy pass the registration test?" The middle aged man said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was too eye-catching, because it was ridiculously low. He was just a Third Level Divine Reflection warrior, and when he stood in a crowd of Divine Core warriors, it was hard for him not to attract attention.
The middle aged man immediately said, "I've sent someone to Elder Xiao, I asked him to bring me today's registration record. I wonder if Elder Xiao is here right now."
While these men were talking, another man walked into the palace. He was the old man with the handlebar mustache, the Old Xiao mentioned by the middle aged man.
When Mo Yuezhang saw Old Xiao, he greeted him with a smile on his face, then he shouted, "Elder Xiao, we were just talking about you, and here you are!"
Elder Xiao nodded his head. His eyes were fixed on the huge letter tablet, then he asked, "I want to know about that warrior called Luo Zheng, what is his result in the illusion formation?"
Hearing that Elder Xiao wanted to know about Luo Zheng's result, Mo Yuezhang and the middle aged man both had strange expressions on their faces. After that, Mo Yuezhang asked, "Elder Xiao, why do you want to know about his result?"
Elder Xiao let out a mischievous laugh, then he shook his head and didn't say anything. His eyes were fixed on the letter tablet, and Luo Zheng's image was displayed on it. Next to it was a list of Luo Zheng's data.
"Passing the first wave ranked 392?" Elder Xiao was slightly stunned. "Why is it so bad?"
Now, Luo Zheng's performance was beyond Elder Xiao's expectation.
Seeing Elder Xiao's expression, Mo Yuezhang and the middle-aged martial artist were even more puzzled. Mo Yuezhang immediately said, "What? Luo Zheng's result is very normal. He's only at the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm, and he's also a rune master... "
"Runemaster?" Old Xiao exclaimed as he stared at Mo Yuezhang.
Mo Yuezhang chuckled, "Elder Xiao, you really are forgetful. I was the one who got this news from Cloudsea City. Didn't I say that a Runemaster has appeared in the Cloud Hall of Cloudsea City? This kid has perfect brush strokes, and he will become a rune master sooner or later. "
Elder Xiao looked as if he had seen a ghost. He exclaimed, "Oh my god!"
"What's wrong now?" Mo Yuezhang looked at Elder Xiao's crazy look. This guy was not usually like this.
Elder Xiao casually tossed a name list to Mo Yuezhang. "Take a look for yourself!"
Mo Yuezhang stared at Elder Xiao strangely for a while before opening the name list. When he saw the first name on the list, he was surprised to see that it was Luo Zheng.
This list listed the results of the registration test. Normally, the highest results would be ranked first, so Mo Yuezhang was even more curious when he saw Luo Zheng's name. His gaze followed Luo Zheng's name to the back, and he saw Luo Zheng's result. Thirty minutes!
"Cough cough …" Mo Yuezhang coughed violently. "Thirty minutes? Elder Xiao, did you make a mistake?"
What was the Divine Origin Magnet Stone?
This thing was obtained from a Divine Origin Magnet Mountain in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. It was very strange. It was neither gold nor iron, and it was impervious to all things. Furthermore, it could not be refined or used to refine weapons.
After the World Business Alliance obtained this thing, they had studied it for decades, but the various weapon refiners in the Central Domain were helpless. In the end, it was discovered that it could sense a certain amount of power of law, so it was used as a testing stone …
Mo Yuezhang had tried using this magical stone before. Even he could only make the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for ten breaths of time. Furthermore, Mo Yuezhang had seen with his own eyes that one of the three leaders of the World Business Alliance, Yan Yueshan, could only make the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for twenty breaths of time with his incomparably profound Sacred Flame Palm.
How could Mo Yuezhang believe Elder Xiao's words?
Elder Xiao's mustache curled up, and his face darkened. "Mo Yuezhang, what do you mean by that? Do I, Elder Xiao, have to lie like this? Who is this Luo Zheng to me? "
Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang were both elders of the World Business Alliance, but Mo Yuezhang was also the leader of a sub-alliance, so his status was slightly higher than Elder Xiao's. However, Elder Xiao was someone from the headquarters after all. Although he had been marginalized in recent years, he did not necessarily have to give Mo Yuezhang too much face.
"This … that," Mo Yuezhang was a little embarrassed and chuckled. "I just find it a little hard to believe. Elder Xiao, don't take it to heart."
Elder Xiao did not mind. If he had not seen it with his own eyes, he would also find it hard to believe. Elder Xiao only stared at Xin Gui and said, "I've never seen such a strange thing. He doesn't seem to have cultivated a lightning-attribute cultivation technique, but purely used the power of the lightning-attribute law. I've also never seen such pure lightning-attribute law power …"
This was what Elder Xiao could not figure out.
If a warrior was proficient in a certain type of Origin Source Law, he would definitely cultivate that type of cultivation technique. For example, Elder Xiao was proficient in the power of the wind-attribute law, so he naturally cultivated a wind-attribute cultivation technique. This was called making the best use of everything. As long as a warrior's brain was not fried, he would definitely choose this!
But since Luo Zheng was so proficient in the lightning-attribute law, why didn't he cultivate a lightning-attribute cultivation technique?
Hearing Elder Xiao's words, the elders of the World Business Alliance, as well as the middle-aged warrior, were stunned. If Luo Zheng was really like this, it could only be said that he was recklessly wasting God's gift.
However, they did not know that Luo Zheng was not only proficient in the lightning-attribute law. He had comprehended a total of nine types of Origin Source Law, and only used the lightning-attribute law power when he struck the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone with his palm.
"Even so, it doesn't mean that he can pass the outer test and get a place in the inner competition," the middle-aged warrior said, shaking his head.
Mo Yuezhang also maintained his view. "That's true. Even though he has comprehended a lot of lightning-attribute law power, his cultivation is still too weak."
Elder Xiao's mustache rose slightly. "I think that Luo Zheng is qualified to enter the inner competition! Old Man Mo, do you want to make a bet with me? "
Mo Yuezhang chuckled but did not say anything. Obviously, he was unwilling to make a bet with Elder Xiao.
As they spoke, the second wave of attacks in the illusion array began.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was still studying the points beside the small pagoda. The reason why Luo Zheng was amazed at the ingenious construction of the illusion array was because of this. After killing the group of Three-Eyed Spiders, Luo Zheng had obtained a total of 1,000 points.
When he killed those Three-Eyed Spiders, he did not count the number of Three-Eyed Spiders. Now it seemed that there were exactly 1,000 of them, and each Three-Eyed Spider produced one point.
These points were not only the key to obtaining three places, but more importantly, they could be used to strengthen this small pagoda!
The middle-aged warrior had also mentioned this rule before. With each wave of attacks, the strength of these fierce beasts in the illusion array would become stronger and stronger. It was impossible to rely solely on warriors to kill them, so there was no need to be stingy with these points. As the level of the small pagoda increased, the power of this small pagoda would also become stronger and stronger, and it would become a powerful ally of the pagoda's guardian!
"1,000 points, strengthen them all!"
Luo Zheng did not hesitate and invested all his points into this small pagoda.
Almost in an instant, Luo Zheng's points next to the small pagoda returned to zero. At the same time, the small pagoda was shrouded in a red light. After a while, the red light dissipated, and a brand new small pagoda appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The strengthened small pagoda's height had increased by three feet, and the skirt of the small pagoda was also inlaid with a golden pattern, making it much more powerful. At the same time, there was one more Archer on the small pagoda. There were now two Archers on the small pagoda!
He did not know to what extent this small pagoda could be strengthened with the addition of points.

Chapter 452
Luo Zheng jumped up, stood at the top of the small pagoda, and looked into the distance.
At the end of the grassland, there appeared a large group of crazily running demons! These Demon Clansmen were clad in shining silver armor, exposing half of their strong shoulders. They held two red javelins in each hand as they rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Javelins, long-range attack?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, and without the slightest hesitation, rushed towards these demons.
These demons ran extremely fast, and the javelins in their hands could be thrown from a distance to destroy the small pagoda. They must be killed before they could get close. Once these demons got close, a few dozen javelins would be enough to destroy the small pagoda.
"Pa pa …"
The two archers on the small pagoda shot two arrows, and these two arrows knocked down two demon javelins.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also rushed into this group of demons, and began to kill them.
But just as he got close to the demons, they suddenly let out a roar!
"Roar!"
After the demons roared, their eyes began to turn red, and at the same time, they raised their javelins and threw them at Luo Zheng.
"Huh? These demons will also take the initiative to attack me. "
Luo Zheng originally thought that these attacks would be directed at the small pagoda, but he didn't expect that they would attack him. His figure flashed, and he passed through the densely packed javelins, and continued to wave the Bloodthirsty Sword in his hand, and began a new round of harvest.
The demons were much stronger than the Three-eyed Spider, and they were different. The Three-eyed Spider didn't take the initiative to attack Luo Zheng, and only attacked the small pagoda. On the other hand, these demons not only ran at an astonishing speed, but also took the initiative to attack Luo Zheng while running!
Fortunately, there weren't as many demons as the Three-eyed Spider. In front of him, there were only a little more than two hundred javelins.
"Kill!"
After passing through these javelins, Luo Zheng's Bloodthirsty Sword constantly touched the necks of the demons. Every time it slashed, it would often take the lives of three or four demons.
In fact, Luo Zheng also had a faster way to kill these demons. However, during the time he spent cultivating in the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the Dao of Extreme Simplicity! He felt that this set of "Basic Swordsmanship" that had been simplified to the extreme still had room to be simplified!
Luo Zheng didn't know how much he could simplify and what changes would occur if he continued simplifying, because he didn't know the end of the Way of Minimalism.
However, Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Dao of Minimalism was still at a hazy stage. He needed a lot of practice to make a breakthrough. Therefore, he kept using the extremely inefficient method of "Basic Swordsmanship" to harvest these demon javelins.
Although the efficiency was a little slow, Luo Zheng was still able to comprehend something from the sword strike.
Luo Zheng didn't intend to use his full strength in the first stage of the peripheral test. Besides, this was only the second wave of attack. There was no need for him to use his full strength.
As for the speed at which he killed these Demons … Luo Zheng was too lazy to compare himself with others, not to mention that many cultivators were scattered throughout this vast prairie. In the first stage, no one would be so bored as to come looking for trouble with him.
"Kill, kill, kill!"
When Luo Zheng was in the Trial of Blood and Fire, he was chased by a demon all the way. But now, facing these well-equipped demon javelins, Luo Zheng was like a reaper harvesting wheat, harvesting them one by one. In a short while, he had killed most of these demons.
After killing all the demon javelins in front of him, Luo Zheng turned around and his complexion suddenly changed. He had actually missed two demons!
The eyes of those two demons were red. They waved the javelins in their hands and rapidly rushed towards the small pagoda.
Two hundred feet, one hundred and fifty feet, one hundred feet …
"Oh no!"
The small pagoda could only withstand twenty attacks. These two demons had four javelins in their hands. They would attack the small pagoda at least four times!
In this illusion array, this was only the second wave of attack. If the small pagoda was attacked four times in the second wave, Luo Zheng was afraid that it would be difficult to cope with the following attacks.
However, just as Luo Zheng was worrying, he heard two "pop pop" sounds. Two sharp arrows were inserted into the chests of the two demons, shooting them to the ground.
"That was close!"
Just now, Luo Zheng was also a little careless. He wanted to hone his basic swordsmanship, hoping to make a new breakthrough in the path of minimalism, and accidentally missed two demons.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had upgraded the small pagoda in the last round, and the two archers easily dealt with the demons.
In the palace, Mo Yuezhang, Old Xiao, and the others saw Luo Zheng's performance and couldn't help but shake their heads.
"The second wave of attack of the demons was not strong. None of the four hundred warriors had their pagoda attacked. Although Luo Zheng's pagoda was still not attacked, his performance just now … is still a little lacking," Mo Yuezhang said faintly.
The middle-aged warrior also agreed with Mo Yuezhang's words, "Indeed, just the second wave of attack was so difficult. The defensive power of the black tortoise in the third wave is amazing. I'm afraid Luo Zheng won't be able to withstand it. I estimate that he can last until the fourth wave at most."
Old Xiao's eyes also flashed with a touch of doubt, at the same time saying, "He clearly comprehended the power of the Law of Thunder, why is he only using swordsmanship?"
Luo Zheng did not use any means, just used his extremely fast speed, coupled with his basic swordsmanship to constantly kill. Compared to other warriors, this efficiency was not just a little bit slower. Other warriors could kill a large number of demons as soon as they attacked, but Luo Zheng could only kill one at a time. The gap was obvious.
This was what puzzled Old Xiao.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not care about Old Xiao's feelings. He simply did not know that someone was paying attention to him through the letter tablet.
After killing these demon javelins, Luo Zheng obtained three thousand points, which he put into the small pagoda almost without hesitation.
With Luo Zheng's understanding of the rules of this illusion array, if he wanted to advance to the top three, he could only rely on snatching the points of others!
In the first stage, he had to defend against ten waves of attacks. In this stage, most of the warriors would be eliminated, but in the second stage, he would have to face the attacks of other warriors and destroy their small pagoda to snatch their points. At that time, the small pagoda would play a very important role.
Therefore, it was very necessary to strengthen the small pagoda.
After a red light flashed, the small pagoda was strengthened a second time by Luo Zheng. After the strengthening, golden patterns began to appear on the surface of the small pagoda. The number of archers on the small pagoda also increased to three, and at the same time, the bows in their hands also changed!
Looking at the dark green arrows, even Luo Zheng felt a trace of threat.
"Sure enough, if this small pagoda continues to be strengthened like this, its power will not be underestimated." Luo Zheng praised.
He knew that when the small pagoda was strengthened, the other warriors would be strengthened as well. In the second stage, when Luo Zheng was thinking of ways to kill other warriors, he would have to be careful of the small pagoda's power.
Soon, the third wave of attacks was launched. Looking at a group of Black Tortoises slowly appearing in the distance, a cautious expression emerged in Luo Zheng's eyes. These Black Tortoises had incredible defensive strength, and it seemed like he wouldn't be able to use any of his basic sword skills this time.
Inside the palace, Mo Yuezhang was no longer paying attention to Luo Zheng. Instead, he switched the image on the letter tablet to the novice disciple who had performed the best.
"This is a warrior called Ao Xiang, he's pretty strong. In the first two waves of attacks, his results were among the best. Although he's only an Extreme Divine Reflection warrior, he's stronger than most Divine Core warriors." Mo Yuezhang said as the image on the letter tablet paused on Ao Xiang.
"This man is pretty strong, he might be able to get a spot. If he does, he'll be the only Extreme Divine Reflection warrior to enter the inner competition." Old Man Xiao nodded his head as well.
"The third wave of attacks from the Black Tortoises, I think Ao Xiang will be able to deal with it easily. The wind blades he condenses have incredible destructive strength, I don't think the Black Tortoises will be able to withstand his attacks." The middle aged warrior agreed.
Under their gazes, Ao Xiang was killing the Black Tortoises with incredible speed! The shells on the backs of these Black Tortoises could be used to craft defensive armors. A good weapon refiner could even craft an Immortal Weapon. This was enough to prove how hard the shells of these Black Tortoises were!
The number of Black Tortoises around Ao Xiang kept decreasing, and in just a blink of an eye, half of them were gone. It looked like Ao Xiang would be able to take first place in terms of speed after dealing with the third wave of attacks. Just as Mo Yuezhang was about to let out a sigh, he glanced at the edge of the letter tablet, where the progress of the other warriors was recorded.
When Mo Yuezhang saw Luo Zheng's name, he was startled for a second, and a shocked expression emerged on his face once again.
The letter tablet showed that Luo Zheng had successfully dealt with the third wave of attacks.
"What's going on?" Mo Yuezhang was startled.
Old Man Xiao and the middle aged warrior looked at each other, they had no idea what Mo Yuezhang meant.
Mo Yuezhang did not explain, and directly switched the image of the letter tablet to Luo Zheng. Then, the three of them were dumbfounded. They saw that the Black Tortoises around Luo Zheng had all been killed by him, not a single one was left!
Just now, Luo Zheng had almost been hit by the Demon Clan's javelins during the second wave of defense, causing Mo Yuezhang, Old Man Xiao, and the others to give up on pursuing Luo Zheng. They did not expect that just as they finished praising Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng would directly wipe out all the Black Tortoises.
Ao Xiang's speed of killing Black Tortoises was still in first place, but Luo Zheng had already completed it … He was twice as fast as Ao Xiang!
Mo Yuezhang and the others realized that they had missed an exciting scene.
"Look, what's that?" The middle aged warrior pointed behind Luo Zheng and said.
At this moment, beside Luo Zheng, there was a young girl with an almost perfect appearance and figure. She was holding a huge sword that was three feet long, and she was standing on her tiptoes, stepping on the ground.
Mo Yuezhang's face was solemn, and there was even a hint of bitterness in his mouth. "I take back what I said before. This Luo Zheng is really too monstrous. His talent is definitely not limited to rune drawing. He can't be treated as a rune master! Beside him is a sword spirit, and a sword spirit that has already transformed … "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 453
Ever since Luo Zheng had passed the Path of Trials, Luo Zheng had never used his Sword Soul again.
In fact, it was rare to see a Sword Soul in human form. Even among Divine Core warriors, there weren't many who possessed a Sword Soul, let alone Luo Zheng's Sword Soul.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't know much about his Sword Soul.
Normally, anyone who entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain would be able to absorb a large amount of Sword Souls, but it would be extremely difficult to transform them.
But, Luo Zheng had transformed his Sword Soul in just one attempt. This meant that the problem lay with Yao Ye. Luo Zheng had only transformed his Sword Soul after defeating this young girl from the Yao Ye Clan. He didn't even give Luo Zheng a chance to visualize his Sword Soul, and transformed it into this young girl from the Yao Ye Clan right away.
Even Luo Zheng didn't know the reason behind this. He had asked Qinglong about this before, but Qinglong couldn't explain it either. He only told Luo Zheng that the Yao Ye Clan was extremely powerful, and they ruled over a 'big world'. Their overall strength was no weaker than the True Dragon Realm! The secrets of this powerful clan were not known to any outsiders.
Luo Zheng couldn't solve this mystery for now.
Up until now, Luo Zheng still hadn't found out the upper limit of Yao Ye's strength. After equipping Yao Ye with the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword, her combat strength had skyrocketed.
Facing the third wave of Black Tortoises, Luo Zheng didn't attack. He just gave Yao Ye an order. After that, like a red waterfall, she carried the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword and dashed towards the Black Tortoises.
Each Black Tortoise was 30 meters long, and the shell on their backs was 4 feet thick. Even Luo Zheng would have a hard time killing them. These Black Tortoises were moving very slowly, but it wasn't easy to kill them all before they could get close to Small Pagoda.
However, after Luo Zheng asked Yao Ye to take action, dealing with these Black Tortoises was like chopping vegetables. The thick armor of the Black Tortoises was like paper in front of the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword. Compared to a human, her almost perfect figure performed a graceful sword dance. Coupled with the sharpness of the giant sword, it didn't take long for her to clean up these black turtles.
Yao Ye who'd completed his assignment stood blankly on the spot with his enormous sword in hand. He seemed like a wooden puppet, and his peerlessly beautiful face was completely expressionless.
With a single command from Luo Zheng who sat on the pagoda, Yao Ye transformed into a crimson shadow and was swiftly summoned back to the pagoda by Luo Zheng.
The middle aged man stared blankly at Yao Ye's slender figure, and he revealed a bewildered expression, "Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit is extremely special!"
"Special? What is so special about it? " Even though Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang were both False Tribulation Realm experts and were even stronger than the middle aged man, they weren't swordsmen. Apart from understanding that Luo Zheng had summoned a Sword Spirit, they weren't able to discern anything else.
The middle-aged martial artist took out a long sword from his Sumeru Ring. It was a high-grade immortal tool. He gently waved the long sword in his hand and a burly figure appeared beside him. The figure was dark and slightly taller than the middle-aged martial artist. There were two swords in his hands, one black and one white.
"This is my Sword Spirit. You can easily discern the difference," said the middle aged man indifferently.
Mo Yuezhang carefully observed the middle aged man's Sword Spirit, and then he suddenly nodded, "It is indeed very different."
The middle aged man smiled and asked, "How is it different?"
"Your Sword Spirit is too ugly," said Mo Yuezhang suddenly.
"… …" The middle aged man was momentarily at a loss for words.
Elder Xiao chuckled, "Elder Mo is right. Your Sword Spirit is truly unbelievably ugly!"
The middle aged man's Sword Spirit was indeed very ugly. It was almost impossible to distinguish its nose from its eyes. The middle aged man didn't know whether to laugh or cry, "It is indeed ugly, but that's not the main point!"
A Sword Spirit required continuous accumulation before it could take form. During this process of accumulation, it would definitely be affected by the Sword Spirit's master. In the end, it would take a certain shape when it took form. The middle aged man had spent over 40 years to make his Sword Spirit take form.
Putting aside how Luo Zheng was able to make his Sword Spirit take form at such a young age, there were always a few monsters in the world who could do that. However, the shape of Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was too specific!
Whether it was the Sword Spirit Yao Ye's expression, appearance, or even every strand of hair was clearly visible! A Sword Spirit like this required not just a few dozen years, but a few hundred years, or even a few thousand years to condense to such a state.
The middle aged man spent a lot of effort explaining to Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao.
After all, the middle aged man was one of the top swordsmen in the Central Domain. He had trained in swordsmanship for a few dozen years and had cultivated his Sword Intent to perfection, so he was very clear about this.
Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit Yao Ye had once shown off in front of Hua Tianming, Shi Jingtian, and Ning Yudie. Hua Tianming was in the Eastern Domain, so it was impossible for Hua Tianming to have such knowledge. Even now, Hua Tianming didn't have his own Sword Intent.
As for Shi Jingtian and Ning Yudie, they weren't swordsmen and couldn't see through the mystery behind it.
However, the middle aged man was different. Therefore, compared to Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao, he was much more shocked when he saw the Sword Spirit Yao Ye. After all, he knew how difficult it was to condense a Sword Spirit of this level.
"A few hundred years, a thousand years? How is that possible?" Hearing the middle aged man's words, the shock on Mo Yuezhang's face deepened.
The middle aged man nodded. "I'm very sure that it's impossible to condense a Sword Spirit to this level without hundreds or thousands of years."
Elder Xiao sighed and said faintly, "Xue Jian, don't be so sure … Back then, who could have said that Cui Xie would become the strongest person in the Central Domain? He's not even forty years old yet! "
Hearing Elder Xiao mention Cui Xie, the few of them fell silent.
Among all the independent cultivators in the Central Domain, the Eastern Heretic Monarch Cui Xie was almost an anomaly.
In the Central Region, martial artists were divided into two categories: sect martial artists and independent martial artists. Among them, sect martial artists were much stronger than independent martial artists! Because the large sects had a deep history, they were able to cultivate cultivators more efficiently. This was why sects had more experts.
Independent cultivators were a force to be reckoned with in the Central Domain. This was because there were too many cultivators in the Central Domain. At least sixty percent of them were not from sects. Compared to sects, these independent cultivators were all stragglers. Their strength was not even worth mentioning!
However, the number of independent cultivators was too large. Among the hundreds of millions of independent cultivators, there were bound to be a few peerless geniuses! These independent cultivators did not have the care and nurturing of sects. Once they stood out, they were often more dazzling than sect cultivators. Their strength was also stronger.
For example, Nan Hua Supremacy, Xiang Tianxing, Chu Nantu, and so on. These famous experts were not inferior to the sect masters of large sects.
However, Xiang Tianxing, Chu Nantu, and the others had been famous for a long time. They were all old monsters who had lived for hundreds of years. However, Cui Xie was different.
He rose at the speed of a comet and became the number one expert in the Central Domain! Now, even the World Business Alliance, Void Spirit Sect, Cloud Hall, and other fourth-grade sects had to show respect to Cui Xie. They did not dare to offend the number one expert in the Central Domain.
It was said that some time ago, Cui Xie went to Cloud Hall and asked for a female cultivator with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Cloud Hall could only swallow their anger and give it to him.
It was not normal for such an elite to not have ambition. Therefore, it was said in the Central Domain that Cui Xie's goal was to unify the entire Central Domain and build a Kingdom of God!
If Cui Xie could really achieve this goal, the first to suffer would be the World Business Alliance and Void Spirit Sect.
People like Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang had very long lifespans. It was very likely that they would see this day in their lifetime. It was just that no one knew how much bloodshed would occur in the Central Domain and how much turmoil would occur in the World Business Alliance!
This was also why everyone fell silent when Elder Xiao mentioned Cui Xie. Cui Xie had become a shadow above the World Business Alliance that could not be dispelled. In fact, Cui Xie was not only a shadow above the World Business Alliance, but also a trouble for the fifth-grade sect, Void Spirit Sect!
"Elder Xiao, do you mean that Luo Zheng will rise like Cui Xie?" Mo Yuezhang asked.
Old Xiao chuckled and shook his head, "That's hard to say. Only one Cui Xie is born out of hundreds of millions of martial artists. Although Luo Zheng's current strength is formidable compared to his peers, and his talent is also ridiculously monstrous, the possibility of him reaching Cui Xie's level is still too low. However, I feel that his chances are many times higher than other martial artists!"

Chapter 454
The middle aged man gazed at Xin Gui and said while the elders were in the midst of their discussion, "The fourth wave of attacks has begun."
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao instantly shifted their gazes towards Xin Gui when they heard the middle aged man.
During the third wave of attacks, Luo Zheng's speed in killing the Black Tortoise had inexplicably surpassed the 2nd in more than half the time. At that time, Mo Yuezhang and the others had been paying attention to the other Extreme Illumination cultivator, Ao Xiang, so they'd missed the scene of Yao Ye killing the Black Tortoise.
The middle aged man's words had piqued Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao's curiosity. He said that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was extraordinary. Exactly what was so extraordinary about it?
The only thing they'd felt was that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was truly too beautiful. It was beautiful to the point of being slightly unnatural and abnormal. The Sword Spirit had pointy ears, and it didn't seem to be human. However, they didn't know which race it was because it actually possessed such a perfect body and appearance.
The attacks within the illusory formation grew stronger with each wave!
During the first wave of attacks from the Tri-Eyed Spiders and the second wave of attacks from the javelins, not a single cultivator had been eliminated. It was even to the extent that not a single cultivator's pagoda had been attacked.
However, during the third wave of attacks, 7 cultivators' pagoda had been destroyed by the Black Tortoises. As for the fourth wave of attacks, even more cultivators would be eliminated.
When the melodious sound of a bell resounded in the sky, Luo Zheng heard a sharp cry resounding from the sky. His eyes narrowed as he raised his head to look.
"The fourth wave of attacks is coming from the sky?"
A black mass of things suddenly appeared in the sky, and it was like a dark cloud that covered the sun as it pounced towards Luo Zheng.
When the black mass of clouds approached swiftly, Luo Zheng noticed that those black birds were Cadaver Crows!
These Cadaver Crows originally specialized in feeding on the corpses of animals and humans. Because they ate corpses all year round, their beaks were covered in a layer of corpse poison, and there was even a poison sac beneath their beaks that stored the poison. Cadaver Crows were extremely swift and vengeful. So long as a single Cadaver Crow was killed, then the cultivator would usually be besieged by hundreds or thousands of Cadaver Crows. It was a type of demon beast that cultivators loathed.
"These Cadaver Crows fly in the sky, and their speed is countless times faster than the javelins! There should be more people eliminated in this round! "
As the archers on the pagoda behind Luo Zheng pulled their bowstrings, Luo Zheng and his sword spirit, Yao Ye, shot into the sky at almost the same time.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng's Perfect Sword Intent wrapped around him in a flash. As long as the cadaveric crows were within three meters of Luo Zheng, they would be instantly cut into pieces by Luo Zheng's Sword Intent. He rampaged through the flock of cadaveric crows. Countless cadaveric crows fell from the sky like raindrops. Before their corpses could fall to the ground, they had already turned into light spots and dissipated one by one.
This time, Luo Zheng also used 50% of his strength. After all, he didn't dare to be careless in the face of this flock of corpse crows.
"Ga ga ga ga!"
These Cadaveric Crows would not sit still and wait for death. When they noticed Luo Zheng rushing in, they sprayed the poison in their poison sacs at Luo Zheng.
Balls of dark green corpse poison formed a large poisonous mist that enveloped Luo Zheng.
The corpse poison might affect other cultivators, but it was completely useless against Luo Zheng. His Spirit Artifact body was impervious to poison, so it was like he had entered unobstructed territory when he entered the poisonous mist.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of corpse poison, so Yao Ye was even less afraid. Compared to Luo Zheng, he slaughtered the Cadaveric Crows even faster!
She floated in the air, shuttling freely in the air like a fairy flying in the sky. She brandished her huge black sword like a flower of death, and the cadaveric crows fell in droves. Luo Zheng's points on the small pagoda increased like crazy.
"I have 20 breaths of time to deal with the fourth wave of attacks!" Luo Zheng calculated the time before looking into the distance. "Hmm? Over there …"
For the sake of dealing with these Cadaveric Crows, Luo Zheng flew into the sky so that he could see even further. The grassland created by the Illusory Formation wasn't flat ground, and it rose and fell.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw a cultivator killing Cadaveric Crows with all his might on a grassland to the side!
However, that cultivator seemed to be dealing with it very strenuously. That cultivator was slightly flustered when facing the large expanse of corpse poison and the encirclement of the Cadaveric Crows.
Luo Zheng glanced at his pagoda. He'd already dealt with the Cadaveric Crows, so the pagoda probably wouldn't be attacked again before the next wave of attacks.
He would be able to obtain more points by killing Cadaveric Crows, but what about killing the Cadaveric Crows of others?
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and rushed towards another grassland.
Mo Yuezhang, Elder Xiao, and the middle aged cultivator were speechless when they saw Luo Zheng's actions.
"What … is this kid trying to do?" Mo Yuezhang stared at Xin Gui as he asked.
Elder Xiao's mustache curled up slightly. "Can't you tell? He's trying to kill the Cadaveric Crows of other cultivators! "
The middle-aged martial artist furrowed his eyebrows, "Although his killing speed is very fast, this is only the first stage. According to the rules, plundering and attacking between martial artists is the second stage of the Outer Trial. It should be done after ten waves of Monster Beasts have finished defending against them! Isn't he breaking the rules? "
Elder Xiao chuckled. "How is he breaking the rules? Are there rules here that don't allow him to do this? "
"There aren't any rules, but this is cheating!" The middle aged cultivator clearly couldn't accept it. The purpose of the first phase was to let cultivators guard their own pagoda, and the second phase was to plunder other people's pagoda. However, no one had ever run over to plunder other people's demonic beasts in the first phase!
It wasn't that other cultivators didn't think of this method, but they hadn't finished dealing with the demonic beasts in their own territory. How would they have the time to run over to other people's territories and kill other people's demonic beasts? Moreover, they had to worry that if they left their own territory, there would be cultivators from other territories attacking their pagoda! Thus, there were many cultivators who thought of this method, but none of them actually carried it out.
It was just that Luo Zheng was the first to try it.
"No buts. This isn't cheating. You guys made a mistake in the Illusory Array, and Luo Zheng was able to catch this mistake. It's his own strength and ability. If you think that he broke the rules because of this, then you're wrong. Let me ask you … Would other cultivators dare to do what Luo Zheng did?" Elder Xiao continued. He was looking forward to Luo Zheng passing the outer region test. He wanted to see how far this youth could go in the inner region.
"Alright …" The middle aged cultivator also felt that Elder Xiao's words were reasonable, but he wasn't sure. If Luo Zheng continued like this, what would happen in the end?
The cultivator connected to Luo Zheng's territory was barely dealing with these damn Cadaveric Crows.
He didn't dare touch the Cadaveric Poison. No matter how strong a cultivator's body was, once he touched the Cadaveric Poison, his skin and flesh would be instantly corroded and festered. Although he wouldn't really be injured in this Illusory Array, he would definitely be eliminated from the competition.
Dodging the Cadaveric Poison while preventing the Cadaveric Crows from getting close to the pagoda, and killing them at the same time, this Early Divine Core cultivator was having a hard time. Therefore, he clenched his teeth and persevered.
Right at this moment, he saw a figure appear not far away from him. A puzzled expression emerged on the cultivator's face, and he didn't know what was going on.
"What do you mean? Why is there a cultivator attacking in the fourth wave of demon beasts? "
The puzzled expression only lasted for a brief moment. When the cultivator saw Luo Zheng slaughtering the Cadaveric Crows, he immediately understood what was going on. This young man had come from the side!
All the cultivators who entered this Illusory Array knew the rules very well. In order to pass this Illusory Array, the only way was to accumulate points! Therefore, points were extremely important to every cultivator in this Illusory Array.
In the first ten waves of demon beasts, the cultivator had to defend against every single wave. As long as all the demon beasts were killed, the cultivator would get the same amount of points.
But now, Luo Zheng had come here and snatched the cultivator's demon beasts. For the other cultivators, this was an extremely unreasonable thing!
Although the cultivator was barely holding on, he didn't want Luo Zheng to 'help' him. Therefore, he shouted out loudly. "Get lost!"
After shouting out loud, he actually dashed towards Luo Zheng, swinging the huge blade in his hand towards Luo Zheng.
"I'm just helping you …" Luo Zheng said with a smile on his face. After saying that, he increased his speed and continued killing the Cadaveric Crows.
The cultivator scolded angrily, "I don't need your help! Get lost! "
Luo Zheng let out a sinister laugh. Facing this furious cultivator, he didn't back down. He had to pass this outer circle test, he couldn't afford to fail. These Cadaveric Crows in front of him were huge amounts of points, how could he let go of these extra points?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 455
Although according to the rules explained by the middle-aged martial artist, in the first stage, they were only supposed to guard the tower, but it didn't say that they couldn't go to other martial artists' territories to "assist in guarding the tower."
Luo Zheng frantically strangled the martial artist's corpse crows, which immediately angered the martial artist half to death.
This martial artist wasn't someone easy to deal with. In his anger, he held a large saber and chased after Luo Zheng.
How could Luo Zheng be hit by this martial artist's attacks? His figure was like a swimming fish, shuttling back and forth in the air.
"Let's see where you can run to!" This martial artist quickly forced Luo Zheng to the front of a large area of corpse poison. He believed that if Luo Zheng was forced to rush into the corpse poison, his end would be very miserable.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything and directly rushed into the poisonous fog. He passed through the poisonous fog unscathed and then continued to kill the corpse crows.
"This …" The martial artist raised the large saber in his hand and was stunned. "This guy isn't afraid of the corpse poison?"
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to the martial artist at all. He only focused on killing the corpse crows.
This martial artist really couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Even if he caught up with Luo Zheng, he couldn't do anything. Luo Zheng only needed to drill into the poisonous fog and he would be helpless.
While Luo Zheng was killing the corpse crows, he suddenly felt a trace of danger. He heard three subtle sounds of bowstrings being pulled and three sharp arrows pierced through the sky, shooting towards him.
"It's this martial artist's small tower!"
Luo Zheng dodged and avoided the three sharp arrows.
Fortunately, this was only the fourth wave of attacks, and this martial artist had only upgraded the small pagoda three times. Although the arrows shot by the archers on the small pagoda were very sharp, they were still unable to threaten Luo Zheng.
"Continue to kill!"
The martial artist found that he couldn't stop Luo Zheng from killing the corpse crows. After chasing him several times, he actually resigned himself to his fate … and began to bury his head in killing the corpse crows.
Since he couldn't stop Luo Zheng, he could only admit that he was unlucky to run into such a weirdo. The more corpse crows he killed, the more points he would get. At least, it was better than letting Luo Zheng kill all the corpse crows.
The two of them started killing the corpse crows at a much faster speed. In just a short moment, they had cleared most of the corpse crows.
Not far away, there were still six or seven corpse crows flying towards the small tower. Luo Zheng looked at the martial artist and said with a smile, "I'll leave those few for you!"
When the martial artist heard this, he simply wanted to cry but had no tears. But apart from cursing a few words, what else could he do? Because he wasn't fast enough. If he had killed all the Corpse Crows before that brat rushed into his territory, this would not have happened.
Wait, how could this guy to kill Luo Zheng? 's to Luo Zheng to Divine realm? Third stage?
The martial artist rubbed his eyes, wondering if he had seen wrongly!
Luo to Luo to To Luto Luo Zheng to Luo ''t's Luo Zheng Luo '' Luto Luo to Lut '' ''s to kill' ''t Luo to Luo't
He was a Divine Core warrior!
After noticing Luo Zheng's cultivation, the martial artist suddenly felt as if he had suffered a huge blow, and he felt as if he had lost all his strength. Luckily, the archers on top of his small tower were able to kill all the remaining corpse crows.
After robbing the neighboring territory, Luo Zheng returned to his own territory and checked his points.
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng should have received 10,000 points after killing a group of Cadaveric Crows that attacked him. However, the small tower now showed that Luo Zheng had 16,000 points! That meant, at least 60% of the corpse crows in the neighboring warrior's territory were killed by Luo Zheng …
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng threw all his points into the small tower. With that, Luo Zheng's small tower began its fourth upgrade.
When the red light faded away, the small tower had become thicker and taller by a few feet. Four archers were standing at the top of the small tower, and their equipment had changed as well. The longbows in their hands had turned into a jade-like color, and the arrowheads of their arrows were glowing with a dark green light.
"The fourth upgrade … I've used up all the points I got from killing all the black crows in my territory, but I still have 6000 points left. I think I got all of them from the neighboring territory." Luo Zheng's eyes lit up, and a smile emerged on his face. This was indeed a good idea!
The first ten waves of attacks in the illusion formation were all carefully designed. Every time a small tower was upgraded, it would correspond to the next wave of attacks from stronger demon beasts. For example, a small tower upgraded once would fight against the second wave of demon beasts, and a small tower upgraded twice would fight against the third wave of demon beasts. This way, not only would it help the warrior in battle, it wouldn't make the small tower too powerful.
If Luo Zheng seized even more points from other territories, then he would be able to swiftly upgrade his small tower. If he had enough points, then his small tower would be able to deal with the fifth wave of attacks!
"Looks like I should try my best to obtain points from the territories of other cultivators!"
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking like that, the sound of a bell resounded from the sky once more. The fifth wave of attacks had begun!
At this moment, many black rock golems appeared from all over the grassland. This was the fifth wave of attacks from the demon beasts. These rock golems were formed from black Basalt, and they were called Basalt Rock Golems. They were even harder than Black Tortoises!
"Yao Ye!"
A bold idea appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. He wanted Yao Ye to deal with these Basalt Rock Golems while he went to the territories of other cultivators to plunder them.
Yao Ye brandished his enormous sword as he charged towards the nearest Basalt Rock Golem, and his 10m long sword slashed down towards the Basalt Rock Golem's head.
Bang!
The might of Yao Ye's attack when combined with his enormous sword was shocking. There were probably very few demon beasts in the Central Domain that could resist such a ferocious attack.
The Basalt Rock Golem was slashed into two by Yao Ye, and then it rumbled as it collapsed.
There were around 200 Basalt Rock Golems before him. Even though Yao Ye was only able to kill one at a time because their defenses were too formidable, their speed was extremely slow. However, the Black Tortoise's speed was extremely slow. It was even slower than the Black Tortoise's speed.
Yao Ye … should be able to deal with these Basalt Rock Golems. Not to mention that he has the assistance of the small tower that has been upgraded 4 times!
When he thought up to this point, Luo Zheng didn't stop, and he flew towards the grassland behind him ….
When he saw Luo Zheng's unusual actions, the middle aged cultivator was finally unable to restrain himself, "This fellow actually went to plunder other cultivators after he tasted the sweetness of victory!"
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao exchanged glances and smiled, and then Mo Yuezhang said, "He's confident in his ability to make his Sword Spirit resist the attacks of others."
Elder Xiao nodded his head and said with a smile on his face, "This young man is quite interesting, his brain is quite useful!"
"I don't think those cultivators who are being robbed have the same thought." The middle aged cultivator shook his head, then he continued, "Besides, Luo Zheng will be able to obtain more points in the first stage than the others, and he will most likely be able to upgrade the small tower to the 11th level, or even the 12th level!"
Mo Yuezhang wasn't familiar with this illusory formation, so he asked curiously, "11th level? 12th level? There should only be 10 waves of defense in the first stage, and that means the small tower can only be upgraded 10 times! "
The middle aged cultivator explained, "When the creator of this illusory formation, he considered the higher level of cultivation. Therefore, he upgraded the small tower to the 12th level. But, under normal circumstances, it doesn't have that many points to upgrade it …"
What the middle aged cultivator wanted to say was that the attack of the 11th level small tower was equivalent to the attack of a Late Divine Core warrior, and the attack of the 12th level small tower was equivalent to the attack of a Void Tribulation warrior!
"Hehe, this is interesting, I want to see what expressions the other cultivators in the illusory formation will have when this young man creates a 12th level small tower." Elder Xiao didn't seem worried at all. Instead, he felt it was fun.
The middle aged cultivator furrowed his brows and said, "This isn't fun! This is unfair to the other cultivators! "
"There is no such thing as absolute fairness in this world, Luo Zheng isn't the only one who can do this! If the other cultivators feel it's unfair, they can also take the initiative to rob others of their points! "Mo Yuezhang explained.
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao didn't agree with Luo Zheng's cheating. The middle aged cultivator could only look at Xin Gui in silence, there was nothing he could say.
In Xin Gui's image, Luo Zheng was excitedly rushing towards another territory.
Coincidentally, the cultivator in this territory was the pale-faced cultivator who had a conflict with Luo Zheng in the palace!
When Luo Zheng arrived at the scene, the pale-faced cultivator was in a troubled state.
The pale-faced cultivator was an independent cultivator. He was born in a small sect, and came from an unknown second grade sect in the Central Domain. However, because he had a conflict with a sect elder, he betrayed the sect, and was hunted down by the second grade sect.
While being hunted down, the pale-faced cultivator fell off a cliff, and in a cave, he found the inheritance of a senior cultivator who cultivated an evil art. After obtaining the inheritance, his cultivation and overall strength skyrocketed. After that, he used the evil art he cultivated and broke through to the Divine Core realm, then he massacred the second grade sect!
The evil art the pale-faced cultivator cultivated was called the Great Hatred Devil Art. The Great Deity Devil Art was best at attacking the soul, and these Black Tortoise Stone Golems were immune to this kind of attack …
Because of this, the pale-faced cultivator was having a headache. He could only use the Tablet Pushing Palm to smash these stone golems into pieces.
No matter what, this pale-faced cultivator was a Divine Core warrior. Although the Tablet Pushing Palm was only an Earth rank skill, its power was still pretty strong. However, it would take him at least three to four palm strikes to destroy a Black Tortoise Stone Golem.
"But these Black Tortoise Stone Golems are moving extremely slowly, I should be able to destroy all of them before they can even get close to the pagoda!"
While the pale-faced cultivator was thinking about this, he suddenly saw a figure dashing towards him from afar. The pale-faced cultivator raised his head and looked at the figure. A surprised expression emerged on his pale face, but when he saw who it was, a malicious look flashed through his eyes.
The pale-faced cultivator had a conflict with Luo Zheng in the palace. This pale-faced cultivator was a man who held grudges. If not, he wouldn't have massacred the second grade sect after he had achieved great success in his cultivation. Luo Zheng had offended him, and he wouldn't let him go even if he had to go to the ends of the earth.
However, the pale-faced cultivator didn't expect that this young man would actually come to his territory even though he didn't take the initiative to look for him.
Wait, didn't this young man have to deal with the Black Tortoise Stone Golems in his territory? Wasn't he worried that his pagoda would be attacked and eliminated?
Just as the pale-faced cultivator was thinking about this, he saw Luo Zheng diving down from the sky. Without saying anything, he started killing the Black Tortoise Stone Golems that were supposed to belong to him!
What was going on?

Chapter 456
"Peng!"
The moment Luo Zheng approached the Black Tortoise stone man, he slashed out with his sword.
"Collapsing Sword!"
The Blooddrinker Sword contained a great power as it pierced through the head of the Black Tortoise stone man in front of him. Perfect sword intent spread from the inside of the Black Tortoise stone man, cutting its insides into fine powder. The surface of the Black Tortoise stone man formed lines like a spider web.
Then Luo Zheng gently pulled out his sword, and the Black Tortoise stone man in front of him disintegrated into countless tiny Black Tortoise fragments, collapsing with a loud bang.
"Collapsing Sword!"
"Collapsing Sword!"
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. In the blink of an eye, he had destroyed three Black Tortoise stone men.
Only now did the pale-faced martial artist react!
The pale-faced martial artist was also clear about the rules of the illusion array. The points obtained from killing Monster Beasts in each wave were just enough to upgrade Small Pagoda once. For example, the 10,000 points from killing the Corpse Crows was just enough to upgrade Small Pagoda for the fourth time. The 10,000 points had been completely spent, and he couldn't upgrade Small Pagoda if he didn't spend them.
There were only 200 Stone Golems in this wave. Killing one would give him 175 points. After killing all of them, he would get a total of 15,000 points. That was to say, he would need to use up all 15,000 points to upgrade the tower next time.
Now, Luo Zheng had killed three Black Tortoise stone men in the blink of an eye, robbing him of more than 500 points … In other words, after the fifth wave of attacks, he wouldn't be able to upgrade Small Pagoda because he didn't have enough points.
How could the pale-faced martial artist not be angry?
He hadn't taken the initiative to find trouble with Luo Zheng, but this brat had actually found trouble with him!
"I don't care who you are, I want you dead! I killed you in the illusion array, and I'll kill you in Heaven Awaken City once we're out of the illusion array! " The pale-faced martial artist gnashed his teeth in anger, and a sickly red flush appeared on his originally white face, turning it the color of a pig's liver.
Luo Zheng instantly beheaded three Black Tortoise Stone Golems. Holding the Blood Drinker Sword horizontally in front of his chest, his eyes flashing, a look of surprise on his face. "So it's you, that's great, hehe!"
Originally, Luo Zheng still felt a little guilty for running into other people's territory and killing their demonic beasts. With Luo Zheng's understanding of the rules, he only needed to kill one demonic beast, and he wouldn't be able to gather enough points in the next wave of attacks. Then, Xiao Pagoda wouldn't be able to level up.
This small pagoda should be able to advance to a very terrifying stage in the later stages, but because it lacked points in the early stages, if the small pagoda advanced one level less, it would have a huge impact on the later stages!
But when he saw this pale-faced martial artist, the guilt in Luo Zheng's heart vanished. His figure flickered, avoiding the heavy and slow hammer strikes of the Black Tortoise stone man behind him. He stepped on the Black Tortoise stone man's thick arm and leapt up, thrusting his Collapsing Sword into the Black Tortoise stone man's head once more.
"How dare you steal my stone man!"
Streaks of fine black light, like tiny earthworms, were entrenched on the pale-faced martial artist's face. His pupils were also overflowing with a little bit of black aura.
This pale-faced martial artist wasn't an expert in physical attacks, but that didn't mean he wasn't strong!
If not, he wouldn't have been able to wipe out a Second Grade Sect all by himself. Although the Second Grade Sect was slightly weaker than the Blue Cloud Sect, it was still a true Second Grade Sect. There were a few Sect Elders who possessed extraordinary strength, and the Sect Chief was a Mid Divine Core warrior.
The pale-faced martial artist's Great Hatred Devil Art was an expert in soul attacks, and most of the martial artists in the Central Domain weren't experts in soul attacks or defense!
This was the real reason why this pale-faced martial artist was able to wipe out a Second Grade Sect with his Early Divine Core cultivation base!
"I'll let you have a taste of having your soul crushed bit by bit! Even though I can't kill you in this illusion formation, I'll make sure you remember this pain for the rest of your life! No … you won't be able to remember it for much longer, once the outer circle competition is over, you'll die as well, hehehe … "
The pale-faced martial artist was very confident. The number of martial artists that had died under his' Great Hatred Demon Attack 'was at least eight thousand, if not ten thousand. The miserable state of each person before they died was deeply engraved in his mind. He was very clear about the horror of this evil technique, the' Great Hatred Demon Attack '.
Within the palace, Mo Yuezhang, Elder Xiao, the middle-aged martial artist, and a few others were watching the fight between the two men.
"That martial artist called Zhao Heiyan, I think he's using an evil skill, but why does it look so familiar?" The middle-aged martial artist stared at Xin Gui and asked.
Mo Yuezhang replied with a faint smile on his face. "Of course it looks familiar, it's the Great Hatred Devil Art used by Old Man Mo 30 years ago!"
Elder Xiao nodded his head as well. "I can see it as well, this is indeed the Great Hatred Devil Art. I never expected someone in the Central Domain to have obtained Old Man Mo's inheritance."
30 years ago, because Old Man Mo was cultivating an evil skill, it had caused him to go crazy and kill innocent people, the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, and the World Business Alliance had jointly issued a warrant for him to be hunted down. In the end, under the pursuit of numerous martial artists, Old Man Mo's physical body was killed!
However, because Old Man Mo was cultivating an evil soul skill that allowed his soul to escape, although his physical body was killed, his soul managed to escape.
But, a soul that had lost its physical body was like a small oil lamp that had lost its oil, it was destined to be unable to exist in this world for a long time. Basically, Old Man Mo was dead meat.
No one expected that 30 years later, a martial artist called Zhao Heiyan would obtain Old Man Mo's inheritance.
Evil arts were prohibited in the Central Domain. As long as one did not use this evil art to kill innocent people, those grade-4 and grade-5 sects would not care. After all, these grade-4 and grade-5 sects had many evil arts as well.
"I'm afraid Luo Zheng is in trouble. I've observed him for a long time, and his sword spirit is indeed powerful, but he doesn't have it with him now. He seems to be born with great strength, his sword techniques are also very exquisite, and he has comprehended perfect sword intent … but in the face of the Great Hatred Devil Art, Luo Zheng won't be able to fight back at all." The middle-aged martial artist was very confident in his guess.
Mo Yuezhang chuckled and said, "How can you be sure that Luo Zheng's cultivation of the soul is weak?"
The soul was hidden in the depths of one's mind, and under normal circumstances, it was very difficult to detect its strength. Unless Luo Zheng took the initiative to show it, no one would be able to tell at all.
The middle-aged martial artist shook his head. "Elder Mo, this boy is a swordsman. Even if he started practicing the sword when he was still a baby, to be able to cultivate his sword techniques to such a level, he is already in the ranks of the Saint level geniuses! If not only his sword techniques are so powerful, but his soul is also incomparably powerful, I really can't imagine … that there would be such a person in the world. "
"Haha," Mo Yuezhang laughed again. "Have you forgotten? Luo Zheng is a runemaster, and a runemaster with 'perfect strokes'. His future attainments in runes will not be inferior to Feng Guanyu's. "
When Mo Yuezhang said this, the middle-aged martial artist was stunned for three breaths of time before he reacted. Runemaster! A runemaster's soul was originally not weak, and as long as he continued to draw runes, his soul would naturally grow stronger!
Because Luo Zheng's special sword spirit had appeared, the middle-aged martial artist had completely forgotten about Luo Zheng's identity, so when Mo Yuezhang said this, he suddenly reacted.
"However, even if Luo Zheng is a runemaster, I'm afraid it will be difficult for him to deal with Zhao Heiyan's' Great Hatred Demon Attack '. This evil technique's attack method is not ordinary," Elder Xiao suddenly said.
Mo Yuezhang also nodded and said, "Indeed, Luo Zheng can only draw one-star and two-star runes now, and his soul is not strong enough. In the end, he may not be able to defeat the 'Great Hatred Demon Attack'. Let's see if Luo Zheng has any other tricks up his sleeve …"
In the illusory array, Zhao Heiyan's sickly face was now completely covered by black veins, and a black ghostly hand emerged from the top of his head.
This black ghostly hand was formed by Zhao Heiyan's soul. Although this move was not the strongest in the 'Great Hatred Demon Attack', it was the most insidious one. It could penetrate into the mind of others and crush their soul.
"Crush your soul! Heavenly Spirit Ghostly Claw! "
The black ghostly hand grabbed at Luo Zheng's head, and while it was flying, it emitted a ghostly wail. In the blink of an eye, the ghostly claw was above Luo Zheng's head, and five sharp and slender claws directly sank into Luo Zheng's mind!
Seeing that Luo Zheng had no intention of resisting, Zhao Heiyan's black face revealed a sinister smile. "Howl, use your howls to express the meaning of true pain!"

Chapter 457
"Luo Zheng is doomed. Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw hit his head. He didn't even have a chance to dodge." Elder Xiao shook his head.
Mo Yuezhang's eyes flashed with confusion. He couldn't think of any reason why Luo Zheng would be so careless as to allow Zhao Heiyan to attack Luo Zheng's mind. He didn't even have the thought of dodging!
After all, Luo Zheng's current situation was very good. If Luo Zheng used the sword spirit to protect the small pagoda, coupled with his plundering of other martial artists' points, his small pagoda's level would be much higher than other martial artists'. The final result would be very advantageous to Luo Zheng.
"He was careless … If he was attacked to death in the illusory array, he would be quickly kicked out of the array." Mo Yuezhang couldn't help but sigh.
The middle-aged martial artist didn't say anything. In his opinion, Luo Zheng had cheated, so being kicked out wouldn't affect the balance of the illusory array.
Under the gaze of several World Business Alliance elders, someone finally let out an extremely mournful howl.
Surprisingly, this howl didn't come from Luo Zheng, but from Zhao Heiyan!
At this moment, the black lines on Zhao Heiyan's face were disappearing one by one. His incomparably pale face did not have a single trace of blood. It was even whiter than a sheet of white paper. His slightly feminine face had become extremely terrifying due to its ferocity.
Luo Zheng acted as if nothing had happened. He leaped away as if nothing had happened and continued to use his "Collapsing Sword" to kill the Basalt stone men.
"This … what did this guy do?" Mo Yuezhang's mouth was wide open as he watched Luo Zheng's figure rise and fall. Every time Luo Zheng's sword collapsed, a Basalt stone man would collapse in front of him. Looking at Luo Zheng's graceful figure, this third-stage Divine Reflection junior became even more unfathomable in Mo Yuezhang's eyes.
Elder Xiao and the middle-aged martial artist's expressions were also very unnatural. No matter who saw this scene, their expressions wouldn't be natural.
They simply couldn't imagine how Luo Zheng had made Zhao Heiyan so miserable.
"Ah ah ah …"
Zhao Heiyan's screams continued for a long time...
After all, the Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw was transformed from Zhao Heiyan's soul. It was also the Soul Transforming Claw in the Great Hatred Devil Attack. It was a soul attack method, similar to Luo Zheng's Soul Transforming Claw.
If Zhao Heiyan used the Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw to deal with other martial artists, he would be able to achieve miraculous results.
However, Zhao Heiyan's opponent was Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng who had stepped into the Battle Soul Realm!
How powerful was Luo Zheng's soul after entering the War Soul Realm?
Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw was much weaker than Kuang Shuyue of the Dragon Bloodline!
Before Luo Zheng had stepped into the Combat Soul Realm, Shuyue Kuang's Soul Attack could not do anything to Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng had successfully stepped into the Combat Soul Realm, his Soul Attack was extremely tough. Even Shuyue Kuang's Soul Attack could not shake his Soul Attack at all!
As for Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw … Instead of calling it a Soul Attack, it was more like a tickle to Luo Zheng.
The moment the Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw entered Luo Zheng's mind, it was immediately cut off by Luo Zheng!
Cutting off Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw was the same as cutting off his Soul Attack! How unbearable was this pain? Even when Luo Zheng's Soul Attack was burned, he was in so much pain that he hovered between life and death.
As for Zhao Heiyan's screams, Luo Zheng acted as if he did not hear them at all. He only focused on killing the Black Tortoise Golems.
He did not come to Zhao Heiyan's territory to fight with him, but to snatch his points. Just now, Luo Zheng had held back. If his Soul Attack had struck back, he would have been able to wipe out Zhao Heiyan's Soul Attack. Although one would not really die in the Illusion Array, Zhao Heiyan would have been kicked out of the Illusion Array.
"Bang! Bang! Bang … "
Luo Zheng crushed Black Tortoise Golem after Black Tortoise Golem was destroyed, and Luo Zheng's points rose madly.
Because Yao Ye had killed Black Tortoise Golems in Luo Zheng's territory while Luo Zheng had killed Black Tortoise Golems in Zhao Heiyan's territory, Luo Zheng's points rose at twice the speed of the other cultivators!
After the pain from his Soul Attack gradually subsided, Zhao Heiyan's vision instantly turned black when he saw this scene, and he almost fainted again. These Black Tortoise Golems had been completely destroyed by Luo Zheng.
"What exactly … is this fellow …?" Only now did Zhao Heiyan realize that he'd encountered his nemesis today.
When he'd attained mastery in the Great Hatred Demonic Art, he'd repaid his debts of gratitude and annihilated the Second Rank Sect that had pursued him. For a time, he felt that he was invincible amongst cultivators at the same cultivation realm as him! Even cultivators who were stronger than him would find it difficult to resist the Soul Attack he'd cultivated.
However, this ordinary looking kid before him had torn his Soul Attack apart with ease, and he was actually completely unharmed!
How exactly did this fellow accomplish this?
Zhao Heiyan wasn't the only one who wanted to ask this question. Mo Yuezhang, the middle aged cultivator, and Elder Xiao wanted to ask the same question as well.
After Luo Zheng finished dealing with these Black Tortoise Golems, he said to Zhao Heiyan, "I'll come over when the next round begins!"
Zhao Heiyan's vision instantly turned black when he heard Luo Zheng ….
He couldn't afford to offend these fellows, and he couldn't even avoid them. Zhao Heiyan felt that he probably wouldn't be able to pass the outer circle test today.
Whether Zhao Heiyan was able to pass or not wasn't related to Luo Zheng at all. Now that he'd finally found someone to take advantage of, Luo Zheng would naturally cherish this opportunity. He wouldn't easily kick Zhao Heiyan out of the Illusory Formation. If Luo Zheng found someone else to take his points after he kicked Zhao Heiyan out of the Illusory Formation, then another battle would be unavoidable.
So, Luo Zheng was certain that Zhao Heiyan would be defeated today.
When Luo Zheng returned to his territory, Yao Ye was leaning against his enormous sword at the center of the grassland, and his beautiful eyes that emanated a trace of red light and baleful qi were staring blankly at the sky.
Luo Zheng revealed a bewildered expression when he saw Yao Ye's actions.
Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit. Theoretically speaking, she wasn't a living being, and she didn't possess the ability to think for herself. However, this Sword Spirit was rather special. She actually remembered the 'sword dance' that her previous master had cultivated. Based on this, Luo Zheng guessed that Yao Ye probably possessed memories of it!
However, besides the memories related to the 'sword dance', Yao Ye didn't display any other abilities, and he was completely under Luo Zheng's control.
Luo Zheng wasn't able to unravel the mystery behind this in a short period of time. After all, if even Qinglong couldn't understand it, then it was even more impossible for Luo Zheng with his knowledge and experience.
With a command in his heart, he summoned Yao Ye back to his side, and then he walked towards his pagoda. He'd obtained an unprecedented amount of double points this time, and it could be considered as a great harvest.
Luo Zheng was paying attention to his points. If Luo Zheng turned around at this moment, he would be able to notice that Yao Ye's pupils had trembled slightly!
Yao Ye's gaze slowly recovered from its dazed state, and then Luo Zheng's figure was reflected in his red pupils. His expressionless face actually revealed a faint smile!
This process merely lasted for an instant before Luo Zheng felt two gazes come from behind him, and it was like someone was secretly watching him.
Luo Zheng swiftly turned around, and he still only saw Yao Ye's peerlessly beautiful face. Besides that, Yao Ye's body hadn't changed at all. His fair face seemed as if it was carved from wood, and it was completely expressionless.
Am I overthinking things? I clearly sensed that someone was watching me just now. Luo Zheng patted himself on the head, and then he stopped thinking about it and walked towards his pagoda.
Over 36,000 points! Luo Zheng grinned when he saw the points on his pagoda.
"Level up!"
Luo Zheng had placed all his points into it, but only 33,000 points were deducted in the end!
Luo Zheng's pagoda was enveloped by a crimson red glow, and once the crimson red glow dispersed, another expanse of crimson red light enveloped it!
He'd advanced his pagoda twice in succession!
Just like that, Luo Zheng's pagoda was a level higher than the pagodas of other cultivators!
The pagoda seemed much thicker after it advanced twice in succession, and there was even a layer of silver white railings around it. Moreover, there were even four flags hanging at the corners of the pagoda. However, these four flags were the insignia of the World Business Alliance.
There were six archers standing on top of the pagoda.
The bows in the hands of these archers and the arrows on their backs also underwent earth-shattering changes at this time.
The longbows were like flames now, and they emanated the aura of raging flames. Moreover, the flaming talisman markings inscribed on their arrows caused Luo Zheng to sense extraordinary might. The strength of these archers wasn't inferior to an ordinary Enlightened Spirit Realm expert! I wonder to what extent I'll be able to strengthen my pagoda if I continue to advance it?
More and more cultivators were eliminated during the 5th wave of demon beasts.
In the third wave, only a few martial artists were eliminated. In the fourth wave, more than 20 martial artists were eliminated, and in the fifth wave, 40 martial artists were eliminated!
I wonder how many cultivators will be eliminated during the 6th wave?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 458
After Luo Zheng upgraded the pagoda, he didn't stop at all and charged straight towards Zhao Heiyan's territory.
Even though the sixth wave of demon beasts was stronger than the fifth wave, Yao Ye was guarding the pagoda here after all. Moreover, his pagoda was one level higher than the others.
Right after Luo Zheng left, numerous three-meter-long violet jade centipedes spiraled over from the ground. Their thousands of pairs of slender legs swiftly crawled on the ground.
The six archers on Luo Zheng's pagoda suddenly raised their longbows and shot six arrows into the sky.
Swish! Swish! Swish!
Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! The six arrows tore through the sky and landed amongst the violet jade centipedes.
Bang! Bang!
Six balls of flames instantly exploded. In an instant, 100 to 200 of the 2,000 centipedes were killed by the pagoda, and this was only the first round of arrows.
The middle-aged cultivator couldn't take it anymore when he saw this scene. He said gloomily, "I knew that Luo Zheng's actions would definitely destroy the balance!"
Mo Yuezhang revealed a bitter smile. Generally speaking, a level 5 pagoda should be used to defend against the sixth wave of violet jade centipedes! A level 6 pagoda was used to defend against the seventh wave of even stronger demon beasts.
However, Luo Zheng had used the extra points to upgrade the pagoda to level 6 in advance. This way, the pagoda was too powerful, and the violet jade centipedes couldn't block the explosive fire arrows of the level 6 pagoda at all.
Elder Xiao's mustache curled up. "He's already done that. What are you going to do about it?"
The middle-aged cultivator attached great importance to the rules of the illusion formation. Luo Zheng's actions were too much of a violation of the rules. He thought for a moment and said, "Why don't we kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion formation?"
Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang exchanged glances and shook their heads at the same time. Mo Yuezhang said, "I don't think that's a good idea. However, you're the one in charge of the illusion formation, so you should make the decision yourself."
The middle-aged cultivator stared at Luo Zheng on the letter tablet. He then ran over to Zhao Heiyan's territory and fought with Zhao Heiyan over the violet jade centipedes. It didn't take long for him to finally make up his mind. "I've decided to kick Luo Zheng out!"
After saying that, the middle-aged martial artist ordered someone to push the Illusion Array Platform over.
This large illusory array was controlled by a huge illusory array platform. After the attendants received the middle-aged martial artist's order, they pushed a table-sized illusory array platform over.
The middle-aged warrior stood on the Illusory Matrix Platform and groped his way through the complex runes on the Illusory Matrix Platform. Removing Luo Zheng from the Illusory Matrix was a very simple matter. Moreover, Luo Zheng had no ability to resist in the Illusory Matrix Platform.
Just as the middle-aged martial artist was about to remove Luo Zheng's Illusory Array, another person arrived at the entrance of the palace.
The person who came was wearing an ice blue dress. The tassels on the long dress were dragging on the ground, shining brightly.
When the middle-aged martial artist, Mo Yuezhang, and the others saw this person, they immediately smiled and bowed to her. At the same time, they said, "So it's the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!"
Ning Yudie stepped forward gracefully and gracefully, as if she was a fairy born from ice. Her body was surrounded by a cold aura, and as long as she got close, the cold aura would hit one's face, causing one's spirit to be instantly refreshed. Translated by: DXHaseoXD Edited by: DXHaseoXD
"Alliance Master Mo, Elder Xiao, and …" Ning Yudie sized up the middle-aged martial artist. She knew Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang, but she didn't know who this middle-aged martial artist was.
How could the middle-aged martial artist dare to be negligent? He quickly introduced himself. "My name is Sang Yang. I'm the person in charge of this illusory array!"
Ning Yudie nodded indifferently. She looked at the huge letter tablet on the wall and was slightly surprised. Luo Zheng's image was displayed on the letter tablet.
Seeing Ning Yudie staring at Luo Zheng on the letter tablet, Mo Yuezhang chuckled. "Hall Master Ning, this young man is a disciple of your Cloud Hall, right?"
Mo Yuezhang had always been unable to figure out Luo Zheng's status in the Cloud Hall. Since he'd met Luo Zheng for the 1st time in Ocean of Clouds City, he'd been unable to figure out why the Cloud Hall would allow a talisman master who possessed perfect brush strokes to roam about freely.
So Mo Yuezhang guessed that the Cloud Hall didn't know about this. He had even asked Shang Lei about this, but Shang Lei told him that it was impossible because the chief runemaster of the Cloud Hall was very clear about Luo Zheng's ability.
But even though he had such a strong rune talent, the Cloud Hall didn't seem to care about Luo Zheng at all.
Even in the Martial Arts Conference, the Cloud Hall didn't seem to be willing to give Luo Zheng a spot. Instead, they wanted Luo Zheng to take the outer test and fight for a spot in the inner competition. This was really too strange.
Ning Yudie nodded. "Yes, Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Hall's Elite Hall. How did he do?"
"This … his performance is not bad. You can ask Sang Yang. He's the person in charge of this illusory array." Mo Yuezhang chuckled, but his gaze was on Sang Yang. This guy was just about to mention Luo Zheng. Let's see what you're going to do now.
Ning Yudie turned her gaze to Sang Yang, a questioning look flashing across her eyes.
Before the start of the Martial Arts Conference, the contestants for the outer test had to be decided. The spots for the inner competition had also been decided. Therefore, Ning Yudie had been relatively idle these days except for cultivating.
Today, when she was not cultivating, her heart was always a little distracted, and she was thinking about that guy, Luo Zheng.
The Cloud Hall didn't give Luo Zheng a spot in the inner competition. If Luo Zheng wanted to participate in the inner competition, he would have to climb up step by step through the outer test. In the end, she couldn't help but come over to take a look.
The outer test would be held for a few more days, and three spots would be decided every day. Ning Yudie wasn't sure if Luo Zheng would choose today. She didn't expect to see Luo Zheng as soon as she arrived. It seemed that he was the focus of attention of the elders of the World Business Alliance.
Mo Yuezhang threw the question to Sang Yang. Sang Yang laughed dryly. He had a stubborn personality. Martial artists who practiced the sword were often like this. They were more upright and not good at lying. Therefore, Sang Yang said, "To tell you the truth, Hall Master Ning, I was just planning to kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion array."
"Why?" A cold light flashed in Ning Yudie's eyes. A cute "Chuan" character appeared on her forehead.
Seeing Ning Yudie so concerned, Mo Yuezhang sighed in his heart. It seemed that he had guessed wrong. Who said that the Cloud Hall didn't care about Luo Zheng? This Hall Master was indeed very concerned. However, he didn't know that she cared so much about Luo Zheng that she wouldn't give Luo Zheng a spot in the inner competition. Mo Yuezhang couldn't guess the answer to this question.
Sang Yang felt that he was reasonable. He didn't look at Ning Yudie's expression. He only said to Xin Gui, "Hall Master Ning, you'll know once you see it!"
On Xin Gui's screen, it showed that Luo Zheng was constantly using his sword to kill the Purple Jade Centipedes.
Ning Yudie glanced at it and said, "Isn't this normal?"
Sang Yang smiled bitterly and said, "Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, do you know anything about our illusion array?"
Ning Yudie nodded. "I'm very clear about the contents of the outer competition."
Sang Yang adjusted Xin Gui's screen and pointed to Zhao Heiyan. "He is indeed killing the Purple Jade Centipedes. However, these Purple Jade Centipedes are not from Luo Zheng's territory."
"Huh?" Ning Yudie didn't understand.
Thus, Sang Yang changed Xin Gui's screen to Luo Zheng's territory. "Look, Luo Zheng is using his own Sword Spirit to protect his own territory. He ran to other people's territories to steal their points. As a result, the small pagoda in his territory is one level higher than the others. Based on this, it won't be difficult to defend until the tenth wave!"
As long as Luo Zheng maintained his own small pagoda and was always one level higher than the others, the small pagoda's power would be able to completely restrain this wave of demonic beasts. As a result, the first stage of the outer competition wouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie stared blankly for two breaths of time. The small "chuan" on her forehead gradually relaxed. At this moment, her pair of beautiful eyes slowly curved, becoming two curved crescent moons.
However, as the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, she had to maintain her dignity in front of others. She had to pay attention to her image. She couldn't be as relaxed as she was in front of Luo Zheng and even make a fuss.
Ning Yudie was indeed happy in her heart. Luo Zheng, this brat, seemed to be able to come up with something different at any time.
The worries in her heart were divided into two contradictory aspects. On one hand, she hoped that Luo Zheng wouldn't pass the outer competition. Although this inner competition was a competition, it was actually a desperate fight. Luo Zheng's cultivation was too low. Since he had a Saint Level Talent, he should conceal his strength and bide his time until he truly matured!
On the other hand, she knew that Luo Zheng's determination was very strong. Once he decided on something, there was simply no possibility of changing it. He would most likely pass the outer competition. Xiao Die also faintly hoped that Luo Zheng would pass.

Chapter 459
Seeing that Ning Yudie was smiling but didn't make any comments, Sang Yang hesitated. This was really troublesome. Should he kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion array?
After thinking about it, Sang Yang said to Ning Yudie, "I think that Luo Zheng's actions have affected the balance of the competition. He should be disqualified. What does Your Highness think?"
Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao looked at each other again, cursing Sang Yang in their hearts for being an idiot. However, this matter had nothing to do with them, so they put on a haughty attitude.
Ning Yudie originally had a faint smile on her face as she watched Luo Zheng kill the Purple Jade Centipedes on the letter tablet. When she suddenly heard Sang Yang's words, her face suddenly turned cold. The temperature of the surrounding air suddenly dropped a lot, and the entire palace seemed to be in an ice cellar. Even the guards standing at the entrance of the palace couldn't help but rub their hands. Strange, why did it suddenly become so cold?
"What do you mean? Does your World Business Alliance have such a rule? "Ning Yudie stared at Sang Yang and asked.
Sang Yang shook his head and said, "There isn't such a rule, but Luo Zheng's actions are equivalent to cheating. It has seriously affected the balance. If this continues, he will be able to pass the first stage, and even in the second stage, other warriors will find it difficult to compete with Luo Zheng."
"Is that so?" A cold smile appeared on Ning Yudie's face as she said in a cold voice, "I don't know if you have heard of this saying before?"
"What saying?" Although Sang Yang's status and strength were far inferior to Ning Yudie's, he was neither servile nor overbearing and insisted on his own judgment. Therefore, even though he knew that Ning Yudie was unhappy, Sang Yang still insisted on his own judgment.
"This saying is that one can do anything without any restrictions," Ning Yudie said coldly, "Since you didn't announce this rule earlier, Luo Zheng only took advantage of this loophole. The one at fault is you! Why bother to kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion array? Although you said that you were considering the overall situation, Luo Zheng's destruction of the balance is your own mistake and negligence. Yet, you want others to pay for you. Your 'consideration' is too selfish! "
Ning Yudie's words were sharp, and Sang Yang was speechless …
'One can do anything without any restrictions' meant that if a country's laws didn't prohibit something from being done, then it could be done.
Sang Yang didn't stipulate that it couldn't be done in the illusion array. In theory, Luo Zheng's actions! This was purely an oversight when Sang Yang's design.
Mo Yue Zhang and Old Xiao also nodded secretly. Mo Yue Zhang had dealt with Ning Yu Die before, so he was well aware of her personality. Although she was the Palace Master of Cloud Palace, she had a temperament similar to a little girl's and was extremely protective of her own people. Not to mention that she was in the right today, even if she wasn't, she wouldn't try to reason with Sang Yang!
Therefore, when Sang Yang said the first sentence to Ning Yudie, Mo Yuezhang already knew the result. If Sang Yang was serious and insisted on kicking Luo Zheng out of the illusion array, there would probably be a fight in this palace …
There was no need to look at the result. Sang Yang would definitely be at a disadvantage! However, Sang Yang's character was too upright. It was good to let him suffer a little. After all, the World Business Alliance was focused on doing business. How could such a character survive in the World Business Alliance?
In the end, it was Elder Xiao who smoothed things over. He patted Sang Yang's shoulder and said, "Hall Master Ning is right. Even if Luo Zheng really broke the balance, it's your own negligence. Let's forget about today. For tomorrow's outer circle test, let's talk about it in advance …"
Sang Yang's face showed a trace of hesitation. However, looking at Ning Yudie's cold expression and Mo Yuezhang's indifferent expression, Sang Yang finally chose to compromise.
Zhao Heiyan's gaze was almost lifeless at this moment. It wasn't that he didn't think of resisting. He wanted to kill those purple jade centipedes faster. However, he was good at soul attacks, and his efficiency was far from Luo Zheng's.
He couldn't beat Luo Zheng in a fight, and he couldn't snatch Luo Zheng in a fight. Zhao Heiyan was completely at his wit's end.
Although Luo Zheng was here to help him kill demonic beasts, Zhao Heiyan could easily pass the first stage. However, after the second stage began, Zhao Heiyan's small pagoda couldn't be upgraded. How could he fight with other martial artists?
He was afraid that he wouldn't be able to pass this outer region test.
Zhao Heiyan's calculations were very good. He originally wanted to smoothly pass the outer region test and get a good ranking in the inner region. He didn't want to go to the legendary Rising Dragon Platform. He knew his own limits. Even if he really got first place, getting the Rising Dragon Platform was just courting death!
Therefore, Zhao Heiyan's goal was to get second place, third place …
The World Business Alliance had generous rewards for the top ten. Some of the rewards were very important to Zhao Heiyan. Zhao Heiyan felt that he had a very high chance of entering the top ten with the help of the 《Great Hatred Demon Attack》!
Dreams were plentiful, but reality was cruel. Now, Zhao Heiyan realized that the reality he was facing was much crueler than he imagined. Not to mention the top ten of the inner region test, he probably wouldn't even be able to pass the outer region test! Who asked him to meet such a monster?
Luo Zheng was busy in his territory. He cleaned up the purple jade centipedes at an astonishing speed and then quickly left.
Zhao Heiyan raised his eyelids and noticed the direction Luo Zheng was flying in. That wasn't the direction of Luo Zheng's territory. This guy was probably planning to rob other martial artists …
In the sixth wave, apart from Luo Zheng's points from his own territory, he also took one from Zhao Heiyan's territory. Because it was still early, Luo Zheng plundered another martial artist's half of the points. Although he encountered resistance from that martial artist, Luo Zheng used his shameless movement technique and his comprehension of the Space Law to snatch away nearly half of the points.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda's promotion speed was also very fast.
When facing the seventh wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was promoted to the eighth level. When facing the eighth wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was promoted to the tenth level. When facing the ninth wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was already at the eleventh level.
When facing the tenth wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was already at the twelfth level. Right now, all the other martial artists' Small Pagoda had only been promoted to the ninth level!
"Finally, the last wave!"
Luo Zheng stood at the top of his Small Pagoda and looked into the distance. He was curious as well, what was the last wave of Demonic Beasts?
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was no longer a Small Pagoda, it was a small fort! On top of the huge fort stood twelve fully armed archers. Each of them held a bow that glowed with a bright blue light, and the arrows used by these archers were engraved with many complicated and obscure patterns. It wasn't hard to imagine how powerful these arrows were.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, the power of these arrows was even stronger than a full powered attack from a Late Divine Core warrior!
Luo Zheng's estimation was correct, this was how the illusion formation was designed. The archers on top of the tenth level Small Pagoda had the same power as a full powered attack from a Mid Divine Core warrior, the archers on top of the eleventh level Small Pagoda had the same power as a full powered attack from a Late Divine Core warrior, and the archers on top of the twelfth level Small Pagoda had the same power as a full powered attack from an Early Void Tribulation warrior …
Normally, only after defeating the last wave of Demonic Beasts would a martial artist be able to obtain the tenth level Small Pagoda and enter the second stage of the exam. However, Luo Zheng hadn't even defeated the last wave of Demonic Beasts, but he had already obtained the twelfth level Small Pagoda. Sang Yang's worry wasn't unfounded. With what Luo Zheng had done, he had become ridiculously strong in this illusion formation!
Thump, thump, thump …
The ground suddenly started shaking, and three huge figures appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"They're here!" Luo Zheng raised his brows.
They were three gigantic Sea Turtle Giants!
These Sea Turtle Giants lived in the deep ocean, and each of them was over 60 meters tall. They looked like a small mountain! With every step they took, they would cross a distance of 30 meters, and they were incredibly strong!
It was said that theoretically, these Sea Turtle Giants could grow infinitely. As long as they were given enough resources, these Sea Turtle Giants could grow to over 100 meters tall, or even 10,000 meters tall! They could crush a mountain with just a single step, and they could move mountains and drain oceans! However, in the world where Luo Zheng came from, he had never heard of such gigantic Sea Turtle Giants.

Chapter 460
When the three Sea Turtle Giants ran into Luo Zheng's pagoda's attack range, the twelve archers pulled their bowstrings and shot arrows into the air at the same time!
These archers were originally created by the illusory array, so their movements were almost exactly the same!
"Xiu, xiu, xiu …"
The first round of twelve arrows, dragging twelve rainbow-like rays of light, shot at the Sea Turtle Giant at the front. When the arrows sank into the Sea Turtle Giant, they suddenly burst out with crackling sounds.
"Pa, pa, pa, pa …"
Even if these arrows didn't hit Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could still feel the power contained in the explosion.
The twelve arrows were equivalent to the full strength of twelve experts at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. How amazing was this power?
The Sea Turtle Giant at the front only had time to let out a howl before it fell to the ground with a plop. Even the pagoda Luo Zheng was standing on shook violently.
"One round of arrows and the Sea Turtle Giant fell to the ground." Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless. The twelve-level pagoda was much stronger than the eleven-level pagoda. He was in the illusory array, but he didn't know that there was such a loophole in the design of the array, and this loophole was exploited by Luo Zheng, so it was so simple …
In contrast, the other warriors didn't have such an easy time.
The Sea Turtle Giants were very powerful. The Mysterious Ice Arrows of the ninth-level pagoda could only slow down the pace of the Sea Turtle Giants, but couldn't cause any real damage to them. If they wanted to defeat the Sea Turtle Giants, they still had to rely on themselves.
However, starting from the sixth wave of Monster Beast attacks, the difficulty of each wave increased, and the number of eliminated cultivators also increased. Out of the 400 cultivators, there were less than 50 people who made it to the tenth wave. These 50 people were at least considered elites among the cultivators.
At this moment, these martial artists were doing their best to hold on. After all, they were only a step away from passing the first stage. If they fought against each other in the second stage, there was still a good chance that they would be able to obtain a spot in the inner competition!
Only Luo Zheng calmly looked at the twelve archers by his side. After three rounds of arrows, the three Sea Turtle Giants fell to the ground and turned into specks of light before disappearing into the air.
Because the tiny pagoda was killing too quickly, Luo Zheng and Yao Ye were completely free instead. Out of boredom, Luo Zheng even strolled through the surroundings. In the end, practically all the cultivators in the territory around him had been eliminated, and not a single one remained ….
Ning Yudie in the palace couldn't help but laugh when she saw Luo Zheng's idle appearance.
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao, and Elder Xiao were speechless. Sang Yang, and Sea Turtle Giants were carefully designed by the ninth-level pagoda. It required the warriors had to constantly attract the attention of the ninth-level pagoda, and kill them while the pagoda's speed, the pagoda's's's... tower's slowed slowed 'pagoda' pagoda 'pagoda's, the pagoda's, pagoda reduced speed speed speed....
But because of the Level 12 Arrow Tower, the powerful Sea Turtle Giant was killed as soon as it appeared. What was the point of the test?
Tomorrow, before tomorrow's assessment, he had to emphasize this rule! Warriors that were skilled in the territories of others would be eliminated immediately!
Actually, Sang Yang's worries were unwarranted. Luo Zheng had relied on his own strength to take advantage of this loophole. Some warriors were capable of releasing clones, such as Quintessential Avatars, and they were similarly comparable to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit.
However, their clones weren't strong enough and were unable to resist the attacks of the demon beasts. So, they naturally didn't dare to fly out and seize the points of others.
So, since the Illusion Formation had been set up, practically no warrior had done such a thing. Luo Zheng could be considered to be the first to do so, but no one knew if he would be the last.
After a long time, the tenth wave of attacks had finally come to an end. Less than 50 people had been eliminated, and only 22 had been eliminated. In other words, the final three spots would be decided from these 22 people.
Sang Yang gazed at the changes in the Illusion Formation Disk, and then he said, "Begin the second phase of the test!" As soon as he finished speaking, he started controlling the Illusion Formation Disk.
Ning Yudie gazed at Xin Gui. She also knew that the most crucial part of the outer examination was coming. Whether or not Luo Zheng could qualify for the inner competition depended on this phase of the test! However, Luo Zheng had upgraded the small pagoda to level 12. Others who had killed the Sea Turtle Giant and obtained points could only upgrade the small pagoda to level 10 … Even Ning Yudie couldn't underestimate the strength of the archers on the level 12 pagoda. After all, it was an all-out attack from 12 experts at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
It shouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng to pass the second phase of the test.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt the light dim. He looked up and saw that the sky in the Illusion Formation was slowly turning dark. Whether it was the sky or the grassland, they all gradually disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes.
"The second phase has begun," Luo Zheng said faintly.
The surrounding environment was rapidly disappearing. Only the small pagoda under Luo Zheng's feet didn't disappear. Instead, it quietly floated in the endless void.
Soon, small pagoda after small pagoda appeared not far away. They were separated by a certain distance from each other.
Luo Zheng glanced at these small pagoda and roughly counted. Including himself, there were a total of 21 small pagoda! All the surviving martial artists were standing on their own small pagodas.
"What's the matter with that guy? His small pagoda … why is it so big? "
"Impossible, this guy cheated, right? We all have level 10 small pagoda. Why is that guy's small pagoda twice as big as mine?! "
"Unless his small pagoda is level 11 or level 12! But it's impossible to earn extra points in this Illusion Formation! How did he upgrade his small pagoda to level 12?! "
Many warriors' eyes weren't any worse than Luo Zheng's. They started to discuss spiritedly.
Because they saw Luo Zheng's small pagoda, which was like a fortress, and then looked at their own small pagoda, which they had risked their lives to upgrade to level 10 …
Everyone's hearts suddenly felt unbalanced.
"This kid … how did he do it?" Ao Xiang, who was standing on top of the level 10 small pagoda, had a strange expression on his face. Ao Xiang was a warrior at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm. Being able to pass through wave after wave of demonic beasts was already something to be proud of.
However, Ao Xiang didn't feel any pride because of this. Because he had come here from the Hulun Grassland with the goal of entering the inner competition. As for the outer competition, he felt that it was just a process he had to go through. He would definitely be able to get a spot in the inner competition!
Logically speaking, after entering the second stage, everyone would have a level 10 small pagoda. In the end, he suddenly saw Luo Zheng standing on an even higher level pagoda. It would be strange if he didn't feel puzzled!
Moreover, this kid was that third-stage Divine Reflection Realm kid he had seen before. This made Ao Xiang somewhat unable to accept it!
"Is the World Business Alliance deliberately taking care of that guy?" Ao Xiang had this thought in his mind. After all, Luo Zheng's small pagoda was really too … eye-catching.
Ao Xiang wasn't the only one who had this thought. Many other warriors thought so too.
"I originally thought that the World Business Alliance was very fair. I didn't expect them to use such methods!"
"If it's an unfair victory, then the Outer Trial is just a cover. Whoever wants to enter the Inner Trial will be able to do so!"
"Get rid of that kid and take his small pagoda!"
Under normal circumstances, no one would provoke Luo Zheng at this time. However, Luo Zheng was only at the third-stage Divine Reflection Realm. If they could take away Luo Zheng's small pagoda, they believed that they would be able to completely crush the other warriors!
But, the second stage of the chaotic battle hadn't started yet. There were still some faint energy barriers surrounding the 22 small pagodas. However, the goal of these people was clear. Although Luo Zheng didn't provoke them, because of the small pagoda beneath his feet, he had successfully attracted everyone's hatred to himself.
Looking at the excited faces of these people, Luo Zheng couldn't help but reveal a bitter smile. If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have allowed his small pagoda to reach the 12th level. The hatred he had attracted was too deep!
"The second stage of the chaotic battle begins now!"
As soon as Sang Yang's voice was heard, the four martialists closest to Luo Zheng rushed towards him from within the illusory array.
Looking at these warriors, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. Yao Ye who was holding a huge sword in his hand immediately stood in front of Luo Zheng. At the same time, he waved his hand, causing 12 archers to raise their bows and arrows!
A single Void Tribulation warrior was able to defeat a few Divine Core warriors! Besides, the archers on top of the 10th level pagoda were only Mid Divine Core warriors. The gap between them and Luo Zheng's 12th level pagoda was too huge!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
Twelve extremely powerful arrows were shot out in an instant!
The arrows shot out by these archers beside Luo Zheng were extremely powerful. With just a single round of arrows, the four warriors who were dashing toward Luo Zheng were instantly destroyed along with their small pagoda.
Many warriors in the illusion formation had the intention of taking away Luo Zheng's small pagoda, but right now, all of them were dead silent …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 461
All of their expressions were frozen on their faces, including surprise, shock, disbelief, and disbelief!
Luo Zheng's pagoda was stronger than the others, and these warriors knew this very well, although they had no idea how Luo Zheng did it.
But, this was just too ridiculously strong …
Those warriors who were able to withstand ten waves of attacks were the strongest warriors in this outer layer competition. Out of the original four hundred warriors, only twenty were left.
Especially the wave of attacks from the Sea Turtle Giants. Without incredible strength and patience, there was no way they could withstand the attacks of three giants that were as big as hills.
They had used all of their strength, and even used some secret techniques, including burning their own blood essence, and other methods. Finally, they were able to withstand the attacks from the Sea Turtle Giants, and had diligently upgraded their pagoda to the tenth level. Now, there was only one step left! They would be able to obtain a spot in the second stage of the competition!
But, they had never expected to encounter something like this …
After the initial surprise, shock, and disbelief, anger emerged on their faces. How could something so unfair happen? How could a Third Level Divine Reflection kid own such a powerful pagoda? Wasn't this cheating?
If they were in the real world, perhaps they would restrain their anger. After all, they only had one life, and when faced with such a powerful pagoda like Luo Zheng, they would probably scatter and run for their lives.
But, no one would really die in the illusory formation. Also, these warriors were extremely angry, and because of that, another dozen warriors rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"Kill him!"
"Everyone, let's attack together! He can't handle so many of us by himself! "
"Most likely, the World Business Alliance helped him cheat, this is bullying!"
While these warriors were rushing towards Luo Zheng, the archers on top of the tenth level pagoda raised their longbows and shot out Profound Ice Arrows at Luo Zheng!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
There were ten archers on top of every tenth level pagoda, and each warrior had their own pagoda. Therefore, there were over a hundred archers attacking Luo Zheng right now!
Every single arrow shot by the archers on the 10th level pagoda was equivalent to a full force attack from a Mid Divine Core warrior. In other words, at this moment, there were over 100 Divine Core warriors attacking Luo Zheng at the same time!
A dense rain of arrows flew towards Luo Zheng. Every arrow was extremely powerful. This scene was almost suffocating.
Luo Zheng's face also showed a dignified expression. Although he had a Level 12 Small Pagoda, he didn't dare to take the attack of these arrows head on.
"Retreat!"
Under the control of Luo Zheng, the small pagoda under his feet instantly moved several hundred zhang away, avoiding the impact of the rain of arrows.
While dodging, Luo Zheng also launched a counterattack. The 12 powerhouses comparable to the False Tribulation Realm raised their hands again!
In this illusion array, a False Tribulation Realm expert was more than enough to crush everyone. After all, the strongest among these cultivators was only at the middle stage of the Divine Core realm. Not to mention, Luo Zheng had 12 False Tribulation Realm archers by his side!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
Twelve dazzling arrows were shot back at Luo Zheng. These twelve arrows were much more ferocious than the previous hundred arrows, and their speed was so fast that it was hard to dodge them.
"Clap, clap, clap, clap …"
Twelve bright lights exploded, and another 12 cultivators were killed along with their pagodas. Both the pagodas and the pagodas were shattered into pieces by the explosion.
"Another 12 men have been eliminated …" The faces of the remaining cultivators turned gloomy. There was no way they could fight against Luo Zheng.
The rule of the second stage was to destroy the opponent's pagodas and obtain their points. Luo Zheng took a look at his pagoda. The points on it were increasing at an incredible speed.
Just Luo Zheng alone had destroyed 16 pagodas, and there were only a little over 20 cultivators in this space …
That also meant that as long as Luo Zheng wanted to, he could kill all the cultivators here and take all three spots for himself. However, it was useless for him to take all three spots.
"My friend, I am from the top third-grade sect, Zihua Sect! If you dare to eliminate me, you will become an enemy of my Zihua Sect! "A cultivator in a purple Taoist robe shouted at Luo Zheng.
However, as soon as the cultivator in purple Taoist robe finished speaking, a dazzling arrow shot out and blew the cultivator into pieces!
Many of the remaining cultivators were from third-grade sects. However, third-grade sects were not qualified to get a spot in the World Business Alliance, so the cultivators from their sects could only participate in the Martial Arts Conference as independent cultivators.
Therefore, when they heard the cultivator from Zihua Sect threatening Luo Zheng, they were all prepared to do the same! They didn't expect that the cultivator from Zihua Sect would end up in such a miserable state, and Luo Zheng would be so unscrupulous! It was as if he didn't put Zihua Sect in his eyes at all.
In any case, Zihua Sect was a top third-grade sect. It was only one step away from entering the ranks of fourth-grade sects and was as famous as Blood Wood Cliff, Mysterious Yin Mansion, and other fourth-grade sects!
"It's useless to threaten me," Luo Zheng said coldly, "The remaining two spots are up to me to decide. You guys make your bids!"
"What?"
"You still want to sell the spots for the Outer Trial!"
"That's too much!"
The faces of the remaining cultivators were even more gloomy. They originally wanted to negotiate with Luo Zheng. Because Luo Zheng had killed more than a dozen cultivators and the small pagoda, he could definitely get one of the spots. He could just watch from the sidelines and let them fight for the remaining two spots.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would raise the price and sell the spots for the World Business Alliance here …
There was no conspiracy behind this? They wouldn't believe it even if they were beaten to death. So at this time, they weren't cursing Luo Zheng in their hearts, but the World Business Alliance. As expected, the World Business Alliance was the biggest profiteer in the Central Domain …
When Sang Yang saw this scene in his letter tablet, he was so angry that his nose was crooked. He had seen too much, but never to this extent. What did he think the World Business Alliance was? This kid was too good at profiteering.
Mo Yuezhang smiled bitterly and asked Ning Yudie, "How poor is this disciple of your Cloud Cloud Hall? He even wants to sell this?"
Ning Yudie had a faint smile on her face as she looked at the calm Luo Zheng. She didn't answer Mo Yuezhang's question, but in her heart, she thought that if she really took out Luo Zheng's net worth, Mo Yuezhang would probably be scared to death!
Although Ning Yudie didn't know how many good things Luo Zheng had, she could tell that he was willing to give her a drop of True Dragon's blood so casually.
"If you think this is too much, you don't have to buy it. If no one wants it, I'll do it myself." Luo Zheng continued. With just a single order from him, all the warriors in the area would be killed by him.
Not far away from Luo Zheng, two Mid Divine Core warriors were communicating with each other using their True Energies.
When Luo Zheng had just entered the palace, these two Mid Divine Core warriors had been paying attention to Luo Zheng. However, neither of them had expected that their fates would be controlled by this Third Stage Divine Reflection Realm warrior, Luo Zheng.
"What should we do? Big brother, should we kill him with a heavy blow? If both of us work together, we have a pretty good chance of killing him! "One of the Mid Divine Core warriors said.
The other Mid Divine Core warrior shook his head, "Those archers around him are as strong as False Tribulation warriors. Even if we strike with all our strength, we only have a 20% chance of killing him, maybe even less than 20%. The probability is too low, it's not worth it!"
"This guy is a decisive killer, he doesn't take the Zihua Sect seriously at all. Even if we threaten him with our sect, it's useless! What should we do now? "
"Let's compromise with him. A man like this is bound to be someone extraordinary in the future. If we encounter him in the inner competition, we'll kill him before he grows!"
A ferocious expression emerged on the faces of the two Mid Divine Core warriors. After that, one of them cupped his fist towards Luo Zheng and shouted, "Wait!"
When Luo Zheng heard what the warrior said, a faint smile emerged on his face. "What do you think? Do you want to bid? "
The Mid Divine Core warrior said, "Both of us are from the Wutong Sect, we'll each get one entry slot, and each entry slot costs 50 supreme rank True Origin Stones. What do you think?"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He looked around and said, "50 supreme rank True Origin Stones for one entry slot, is there anyone who wants to bid higher?"
A supreme rank True Origin Stone was equal to 1,000,000 low rank True Origin Stones. Even for these Divine Core warriors, it was a huge amount of money. When they heard the price, many warriors felt the pain in their hearts.
Right now, Sang Yang who was in the palace was fuming with anger. "This guy, this guy is still bidding!"

Chapter 462
The Wutong Sect was also a third-grade sect. More importantly, the Wutong Sect was adjacent to a True Essence Stone mine. Therefore, the Wutong Sect was much wealthier than the other third-grade sects.
The two cultivators from the Wutong Sect had shouted out 50 top-grade True Essence Stones in one breath. They wanted to take this spot and prevent other cultivators from bidding.
In fact, after Luo Zheng's massacre, there were only seven cultivators left. Besides Luo Zheng and the two cultivators from the Wutong Sect, there were four cultivators left.
In the empty illusion array, everyone fell silent. Suddenly, someone stood on his small pagoda and shouted, "I bid 80 top-grade True Essence Stones."
The person who had spoken was Ao Xiang. He was also the only cultivator besides Luo Zheng who had reached the Divine Reflection Realm in today's outer region test.
Ao Xiang was very depressed. Originally, with his strength, passing the outer region test and obtaining a spot in the inner region test was a foregone conclusion. He hadn't expected such a fellow to appear at the last moment.
In fact, Ao Xiang felt that he had a 30% chance of killing Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng had counterattacked, Ao Xiang had also wanted to make a move. A few Wind-Blade Conches had gently revolved around his hands.
In the end, Ao Xiang had given up on attacking.
Thirty percent was too little. Besides, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't as simple as it seemed on the surface, even though he was only at the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm.
It would be best if he could use top-grade True Essence Stones to solve this problem. Ao Xiang didn't have many things, but he had a lot of top-grade True Essence Stones …
He had been training in the Hulun Grasslands all year round. Once, he fell into a cave in the grasslands and accidentally discovered a large treasure trove. This treasure trove should have been hidden by a sect. However, this sect had been destroyed six hundred years ago. Thus, this treasure trove became Ao Xiang's personal possession.
Therefore, as an independent cultivator, Ao Xiang was wealthier than the two cultivators from the Wutong Sect.
When they heard Ao Xiang's bid, the faces of the two Wutong Sect cultivators sank. It would be troublesome if someone were to bid on this matter.
"One hundred top-grade True Origin Stones." A martial artist from the Wutong Sect gritted his teeth and shouted.
The income of a sect disciple was generally not too high. Even if they completed a mission assigned by the sect, the sect would still have to draw a reward. One hundred top grade true essence stones was already their limit.
"One hundred and fifty!" Ao Xiang calmly shouted his price.
The two Parasol Tree Sect disciples glanced at each other and then used true essence sound transmissions to discuss. One of the martial artists shook his head and said, "I give up!"
The two disciples of the Wutong Sect gave up one spot, while the other used 100 top-grade True Origin Stones to exchange for a spot.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled as he nodded and said, "The two quotas have been sold. But I'd like to trouble you to swear on your martial arts heart! After leaving the illusion array, just give me the top-grade True Essence Stones. "
Anyone could nod, but there was no guarantee for their words. If they walked out of the illusion array and turned hostile, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything about it.
"It's just a few True Origin Stones. There's no need for that …" The Wutong Sect disciple said.
"If you don't swear on your martial arts heart, then there's no need to talk," Luo Zheng said indifferently, but there was a dense killing intent hidden in his words.
In the end, Ao Xiang and the Wutong Sect disciple gritted their teeth and swore on their martial arts hearts.
After they swore, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and the twelve False Tribulation Realm archers beside him raised their longbows at the same time!
"Xiu xiu xiu …"
Of course, the remaining martial artists wouldn't sit still and wait for death. However, under the arrows of the False Tribulation Realm archers, no matter how they ran or struggled, it was useless. In the end, they couldn't escape the fate of being killed by the arrows.
After this wave of arrows, there were only three martial artists left in the illusion array: Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and the Wutong Sect disciple.
When Ning Yudie saw that today's assessment was coming to an end, the complicated and strange feeling in her heart became even stronger. Although she had specially come today to see Luo Zheng's performance, now she suddenly didn't want Luo Zheng to see her. She didn't even want Luo Zheng to know that she had been here …
So Ning Yudie put on a smile and said to Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao, "Since the assessment is over, I'll take my leave. However, I have one thing to ask of you elders. Don't tell Luo Zheng that I was here today."
Hearing Ning Yudie's strange request, Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao both had strange expressions on their faces. Why was a dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall still hiding? Was she afraid that the disciples of the Cloud Hall would know that she had been here?
Being stared at like this by Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao, Ning Yudie's fair face inexplicably turned red.
Seeing Ning Yudie's face, Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao were even more surprised. What was going on?
Ning Yudie forced a smile and only said, "I'll take my leave first." With that, she turned and hurried out of the palace.
Seeing this strange behavior, Mo Yuezhang, Old Xiao, Sang Yang, and the others couldn't make sense of it.
After a while, the martial artists who had entered the illusion array today walked out and entered the palace.
Out of the 400 martial artists, only three had advanced to the inner round. The elimination rate was shockingly high.
Most of the martial artists had been eliminated by the illusion array itself. Only 20 or so martial artists had been eliminated by Luo Zheng's small pagoda.
And these 20 or so martial artists who had been eliminated by Luo Zheng were all staring at Luo Zheng with hatred! If it weren't for the presence of the World Business Alliance Elders in the palace, they would have swarmed up and torn Luo Zheng to pieces.
Being stared at by so many hateful gazes, Luo Zheng's face was calm and even had a faint smile on his face.
Ao Xiang walked in front of Luo Zheng and threw a bag full of top-grade True Origin Stones to Luo Zheng. The Wutong Sect disciple did the same. After all, he had already sworn on his martial heart. If he had a heart demon because of these True Origin Stones, it wouldn't be worth it for him.
Most of the martial artists didn't know what was going on. After all, they didn't know what had happened in the second stage of the assessment …
Sang Yang looked at this scene with a headache. He wanted to cancel Luo Zheng's spot, but when he thought about how protective Ning Yudie was, if he canceled his spot because of this, Ning Yudie would definitely find trouble with him! More importantly, Sang Yang couldn't stand on his side of this matter. If Ning Yudie really went to the World Business Alliance to reason with him, he would be the one in trouble.
Therefore, even though Sang Yang was very, very unhappy with Luo Zheng's actions, he could only give up in the end.
"The three people who passed today's assessment in the outer round are Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and Fu Gaozhuo! These three people are qualified to participate in the inner round. The other independent martial artists can receive a reward from the World Business Alliance … "
There were also some geniuses among the independent martial artists. The Martial Arts Competition was an opportunity for the World Business Alliance to win over these geniuses. After all, the World Business Alliance wasn't like the Cloud Hall or the Void Spirit Sect, which established sects to cultivate their own disciples. They were more focused on recruiting independent martial artists.
After obtaining the qualification to participate in the inner round, Luo Zheng's heart calmed down a little.
There was still some time before the inner round began. Luo Zheng didn't stay idle. He bought some necessities and materials in Tianqi City and then rented a secluded place. He didn't return to the Cloud Hall.
During these few days, besides cultivating, Luo Zheng had also been drawing divine patterns. In order to kill Si Miaoling, he had to make preparations early.
Although he hadn't seen Si Miaoling before, Si Miaoling's cultivation was at the middle stage of the Divine Core realm. She was already a huge challenge for Luo Zheng!
Moreover, Si Miaoling also had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, which was a special physique. More importantly, Si Miaoling was a martial artist who was taught by the number one martial artist in the Central Domain, Cui Xie. Luo Zheng wasn't sure if they were master and disciple, but Si Miaoling must have received a lot of guidance from Cui Xie.
Under such a serious challenge, Luo Zheng didn't dare to underestimate her. He had to do his best!
Luo Zheng spent an entire day to draw two divine runes.
These two divine patterns were drawn according to Qinglong's request. In the end, the divine patterns were imprinted on Luo Zheng's arms. After the light from the two divine patterns dissipated, they turned into pitch-black lines. Before the divine patterns were activated, these two divine patterns were like tattoos that stuck close to Luo Zheng's arms.
After drawing the divine patterns, Luo Zheng began cultivating.
Two days later, Luo Zheng stepped into the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm from the third stage. Increasing his cultivation was always Luo Zheng's most urgent matter.

Chapter 463
The "Seventh Brother" Qinglong spoke of was one of the nine true dragons.
After Qinglong swallowed the Moonkin Evil Spirit in the city of the True Dragon Realm, he remained silent for a long time.
According to Qinglong, the Moonkin Evil Spirit would be divided into three parts. One part would be used to repair Qinglong's body, another part would be used to awaken "Seventh Brother", and the remaining part would be used to create a "soul seed" for Luo Zheng.
After waiting for a long time, Qinglong finally sent word that he was going to awaken "Seventh Brother".
Luo Zheng slowly closed his eyes. After sitting down, he entered a meditative state. His soul was also immersed in the depths of his mind.
On top of the mysterious furnace, Qinglong's dragon eyes emitted a fierce dragon's aura. However, when he noticed Luo Zheng's soul approaching, a trace of kindness appeared in his eyes.
Inside the Azure Dragon's huge mouth, there is a huge black pearl. The Azure Dragon is biting this black pearl with its mouth.
Luo Zheng hadn't noticed the black pearl before. Luo Zheng asked, "Is this black pearl refined from the Moonkin Evil Spirit?"
"Yes." Qinglong's dragon head nodded slightly. Clearly, after absorbing the Moonkin Evil Spirit, Qinglong's body had grown much stronger. "I hope I can use this to awaken Seventh Brother …"
Qinglong then spat out the black pearl. The black pearl flew toward the dragon sculptures on top of the mysterious furnace and shot into the mouth of one of the dragons.
When the black pearl touched the dragon's mouth, it turned into a black substance. It was somewhat similar to soul essence, but it gave off a feeling that it was many times purer than the soul essence refined from the Black Devil Venomous Centipede.
When all the black substance entered the dragon's mouth, everything became quiet again.
Back then, Luo Zheng had risked his soul to help Qinglong subdue the Moonkin Evil Spirit. One of the main reasons was that Qinglong had awakened his "Seventh Brother" and could teach Luo Zheng the Body Tempering Art.
In the Central Domain, body refining techniques were not very popular. All the sects and martial artists mainly focused on the Quintessential Qi system. Only a very small number of people cultivated body refining techniques. Basically, there were no good body refining techniques.
If he could inherit Seventh Brother's Body Refining Technique, Luo Zheng's battle prowess would be greatly enhanced!
Luo Zheng and Qinglong both looked at the dragon relief quietly, their eyes full of expectation.
One breath of time …
Two breaths of time …
Three breaths of time …
Ten breaths …
The expectant look on Luo Zheng's and Qinglong's faces gradually faded and was replaced by disappointment.
It seemed that the black pearl refined by the evil spirit of the owl beast was still unable to awaken the true dragon.
Just as the man and the dragon were feeling disappointed, the dragon relief suddenly trembled.
Qinglong's dragon eyes suddenly lit up. "Seventh Brother …"
Luo Zheng saw strands of red begin to dye the true dragon like cloth. This was a red dragon!
"Ge ge ge …"
When the color on the surface of the crimson dragon was completely restored, the crimson dragon raised its head slightly. Its pair of huge dragon eyes revealed a perplexed look, and an old and heavy voice came out.
"Where am I?" the red dragon asked.
"Seventh Brother, it's me," Qinglong said as he coiled around the mysterious furnace.
"Ninth Brother … did you wake me up?" The perplexed expression in the red dragon's eyes gradually faded. Its frozen memories for who knows how many years were rapidly recovering.
"Yes. My current ability is limited, so I could only wake you up first …" Qinglong said. Suddenly, a string of complicated dragon language came out of his mouth.
Luo Zheng didn't understand the language of the true dragon clan. Even if he did, he wouldn't be able to protrude out such complicated syllables from his mouth. He guessed that Qinglong was communicating with the red dragon about what had happened during this period of time. While Qinglong was speaking, the red dragon couldn't help but look at Luo Zheng a few times.
After Qinglong and the red dragon conversed for a while, the red dragon suddenly laughed. "Human boy, you really refined yourself into a spiritual weapon? Interesting, interesting … "
Luo Zheng nodded, but he didn't know what the red dragon wanted to say.
"Among the trillions of creatures in the 100,000 great worlds, I'm afraid you won't be able to find another person with a constitution like yours … However, the Primordial Dipper produced during the tempering of your body was actually used to cleanse your dantian. What a waste …" the red dragon murmured.
"Primordial Dipper?" Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
"Didn't Ol 'Nine tell you? Your body is actually the embryonic form of a Primordial Spirit Treasure! " The red dragon said faintly. "Unfortunately, you don't know how to use Primordial Dipper at all. You only use it to cleanse your body. After becoming a xiantian lifeform, you've cultivated a cultivation method of the true essence system, so you've wasted the Primordial Dipper. You don't know how precious it is … it's so precious that you can't even begin to imagine it. "
Luo Zheng was stunned by the red dragon's words.
Whether it was Qinglong or the red dragon, they were like rulers of the great worlds!
If Qinglong and the red dragon hadn't been reduced to their current state, they could probably destroy the entire great thousand great worlds with a wave of their hand. Not just the Central Domain, but the entire world!
Even the red dragon thought it was incomparably precious. Back then, Luo Zheng had only used it to cleanse his body. Moreover, after becoming a xiantian lifeform, Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated any body-refining arts, so he'd used the Primordial Dipper to cleanse his dantian. Unfortunately, the results weren't very good.
Luo Zheng himself was somewhat speechless.
"I've learned from Old Ninth that you paid a great price to wake me up. In return, I can teach you body-refining arts. I've never thought highly of you humans, but your constitution is very special. It'll be a waste if you don't use it to refine your body. You … can you persevere? " The red dragon asked faintly. There were many humans in the True Dragon Realm, but most of them belonged to the Dragon Bloodline Clan and possessed the bloodline of true dragons.
For example, the Dragon Bloodline Clan possessed the blood of true dragons, so their body-refining arts were far more powerful than ordinary humans. However, humans were ultimately born to cultivate true essence and adapt to the cultivation method of the true essence system.
Therefore, there were many body-refining arts among them, but the truly powerful ones still relied on the true essence system.
Luo Zheng's soul stared at the red dragon, his eyes full of unswerving determination. "No matter how difficult it is, I'll persevere."
No matter how one looked at it, Luo Zheng had no reason not to persevere.
First of all, Luo Zheng's most recent goal was to rescue his sister! Although he had done it before, it had only been a fleeting moment, and Luo Yan had been taken away. Secondly, Luo Zheng had a heart that pursued the pinnacle of martial arts. Only by constantly becoming stronger would he be able to stride further and higher on the martial arts path until he reached the pinnacle!
"Hmm, your temperament is not bad. This stage is very rare. Since that's the case, you should prepare first. I'll help you temper your body!" the red dragon continued.
"Temper my body?" Luo Zheng asked again, "Didn't I enter the Innate Secret Realm through tempering my body?"
Before entering the Innate Secret Realm, martial artists also needed to temper their bodies to expel the impurities in their bodies. First, it was the Skin Tempering Realm, then the Flesh Tempering Realm, the Bone Tempering Realm, the Organ Tempering Realm, and the Marrow Tempering Realm. Back then, Luo Zheng had relied on the Primordial Astral Winds to expel the impurities in his body.
"After entering the Innate Secret Realm, the Primordial Astral Winds produced in your body are basically useless. A small portion of it has been lost, and most of it has been immersed in various parts of your body. Because you often cleanse your dantian with the Primordial Astral Winds, there are the most Primordial Astral Winds near your dantian. I'm going to use these Primordial Astral Winds to help you temper your body! As for the Body Forging you mentioned … Haha. "In other words, the crimson dragon seemed to be completely dismissive of the Body Forging Technique that Luo Zheng practiced in the Eastern Territory. He did not even bother to comment on it.
It was normal for him to be dismissive … Luo Zheng naturally knew that the Red Sandalwood Fist he practiced in the beginning was even worse than trash in the eyes of the red dragon.
After entering the Innate Secret Realm, Luo Zheng didn't use the "warm current" produced after being beaten up, which was the Primordial Astral Winds. Over time, a considerable amount of Primordial Astral Winds had been accumulated. The red dragon intended to use these Primordial Astral Winds to temper his body.
"The process of tempering your body will be very painful. Be mentally prepared," the red dragon warned before Luo Zheng exited from the meditation state.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes, nodded softly, and then stood in the courtyard outside. Although the rent for this secluded small courtyard was high because of the Martial Arts Conference, it was still very cheap for Luo Zheng, who had hundreds of top-grade True Meta Stones, so Luo Zheng simply rented the entire courtyard. There was no one in this courtyard except for Luo Zheng.
"Okay, I'll start to help you temper your body with the Primordial Astral Winds." After the red dragon's voice came, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his body stiffen.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 464
Before this, Luo Zheng didn't know that the warm current in his body was called the Primordial Dipper. This was because every time he was beaten up, the Primordial Dipper would slowly flow through his body, making him feel extremely comfortable and cozy. Therefore, Luo Zheng had always called it the "warm current".
After starting to temper his body, Luo Zheng finally understood why this warm current was called the Primordial Dipper!
Under the control of the crimson dragon, the Primordial Dipper in his body started to flow through Luo Zheng's limbs and bones. It spread evenly through every part of his body: hands, feet, nails, neck, spine, and internal organs …
After it had completely spread out, the Primordial Dipper instantly became frantic.
The extremely comfortable warm current seemed to have turned into balls of sulfuric acid …
"Ah —"
Luo Zheng was tough by nature. Moreover, he had been a human target for so long. His ability to endure pain was absolutely top-notch! However, the moment the Primordial Dipper was activated, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roar out. This kind of pain was absolutely not something a person could endure.
The courtyard that Luo Zheng rented belonged to an ordinary family in Heavenly Awakening City. Because this courtyard had been empty for a long time, and now that the Heavenly Awakening City's Martial Arts Conference was about to be held, he naturally rented it out for a good price.
This family's family members were all at the side of the courtyard, running a jade store across the street.
After renting out this courtyard, the family head repeatedly warned his family members that the person who rented their courtyard was a "martial artist", and an extremely powerful "martial artist" at that. No matter what happened, they were not to disturb him.
To diligent ordinary people, this kind of martial artist who could go anywhere was no different from an immortal. Therefore, in the past few days, the family members didn't even come within three feet of this courtyard.
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng let out a violent howl in the courtyard. Even the walls of the courtyard shook, and two green bricks rolled down from the ceiling ….
From the back door of the jade store, a young girl dressed in green came out. She picked up the two blue bricks that had been shaken off and placed them under her feet. Looking through the courtyard wall, she saw a youth who was about the same age as her, constantly thrashing about on the ground.
"This is that martial artist?" The young girl quietly hid by the wall and watched Luo Zheng roll about in pain.
Most of the ordinary people in Heavenly Awakening City lived very ordinary lives. Apart from occasionally seeing the Flying Chariots and the cultivators flying in the air, they did not have any interactions with the cultivators who could fly in the sky or dive into the ground.
Therefore, this young girl was somewhat curious. She wanted to see what this immortal looked like up close. She didn't expect that she would be shocked. So, a martial artist had to endure such pain?
The pain brought by the Primordial Dipper to temper his body exceeded any pain that Luo Zheng had ever experienced. This kind of pain came from almost every part of his body. Whether it was his fingers, back, stomach, or heart, every part of his body was tortured by the Primordial Dipper!
Luo Zheng was like a fish that jumped out of the water into a river. He kept thrashing about on the ground, hoping to relieve his pain.
"Eh, this kid lasted longer than I thought …" The red dragon said in surprise.
Qinglong said, "His soul has already stepped into the War Soul Realm. It won't be so easy for him to faint."
"I see … Actually, it's better that he fainted. This kind of pain is really not something that he can endure." The red dragon shook its head. "However, if you want to obtain something, you have to pay a price. This kid needs to be mentally prepared!"
"Bang!"
"Boom!"
"Pa!"
The brown tiles on the ground were crushed by Luo Zheng's body. Then, he knocked down a stone pillar in the small courtyard and crashed into a house. In an instant, three rows of houses in the courtyard collapsed.
The head of the family gathered all the family members and hid in the jade shop. The head of the family said, "Don't be afraid. This is a warrior practicing martial arts! No matter what happens, don't go and look! "
"Bi Chun, where is Bi Chun?" Someone asked.
The head of the family looked around, but he didn't see his daughter Bi Chun!
Bi Chun was leaning against the wall, staring at the movements in the courtyard with burning eyes! At the age of 14, she was very curious. "Does this guy really have a head of copper and an arm of iron? He knocked the wall into pieces, but his head is still intact? There's no blood at all! Can all warriors be so powerful? "
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng knocked around in the house and finally returned to the courtyard. Then, with a grunt, he bumped into Bi Chun.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, just a slight bump would probably be enough to kill an ordinary person! Not to mention a weak girl like Bi Chun.
"Boom …"
The wall of the small courtyard was knocked down by Luo Zheng, which happened to be the place where Bi Chun was hiding. At this time, Bi Chun covered her ears and looked at Luo Zheng, who was covered in dust. Her big bright eyes blinked.
"He finally fainted?" Bi Chun stared at Luo Zheng's face.
After fainting, Luo Zheng's painful and ferocious face slowly returned to its original state. Bi Chun looked at him carefully and thought that this warrior was quite handsome. However, when she saw his dirty face, Bi Chun frowned. She, who was a clean person, couldn't accept it, so she suddenly ran to the back room.
"Bi Chun, Bi Chun, come back! We don't care about him! " The family head waved at her from the jade store. Under normal circumstances, ordinary people like them shouldn't have anything to do with warriors.
However, Bi Chun acted as if she didn't hear him. She went to the back room to get a bucket of water and a few pieces of white cloth. Then, she bent down to help Luo Zheng clean up …
The two true dragons in her mind didn't react to the actions of the human girl in the outside world. They were discussing another topic.
"Old Nine, are you sure your guess is right?" Red Dragon's expression was very serious.
Qinglong nodded and said, "Yes, this young man indeed has the destiny of the Battle of the Great Era! No matter if it's talent or luck, he's unstoppable … So, if we nurture him with all our strength, it'll only be good for us. "
Red Dragon's expression became more serious. "The destiny of the Battle of the Great Era doesn't only depend on talent and luck. According to big brother, didn't he say that the destiny of the Battle of the Great Era requires the combination of talent, luck, and destiny? This young man's talent is indeed good. As for luck … Just like you said, his luck is very strong, but I don't see 'destiny guidance'! "
Qinglong smiled slightly. "You don't understand. Luo Zheng's destiny guidance doesn't lie with him."
"Oh?" Red Dragon showed an inquisitive expression. Qinglong had woken up much earlier than him, so there were many things that Red Dragon didn't know.
"Luo Zheng has a younger sister called Luo Yan. I think Luo Zheng's destiny guidance is Luo Yan!" Qinglong judged. Then, Qinglong analyzed Luo Zheng's rescue of Luo Yan.
From the moment Luo Zheng took his first step, his target had always been Luo Yan. After a lot of hardships, he finally reached out to grab Luo Yan, but because of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, he was taken away by Cui Xie.
Therefore, Qinglong felt that Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's destiny guidance!
"Old Jiu, now that you mention it, I do think it's quite similar! But we can't be sure yet … If it's really as you guessed, as Luo Zheng's destiny guidance, Luo Yan can't just guide Luo Zheng to this small Central Domain, this small Vast Thousand Domains, "Red Dragon judged.
Qinglong nodded. "This is also why I don't dare to jump to a conclusion. Let's see if Luo Zheng can rescue Luo Yan. If Luo Zheng really does it, Luo Yan, as Luo Zheng's destiny guidance, is likely to be taken away again …"
"It's a pity that we can't wake Big Brother up. Otherwise, with Big Brother's divination ability, he would definitely be able to see if Luo Zheng is destined for the Battle of the Great Era!" Red Dragon said unwillingly.
Things like destiny were very mysterious. Even the True Dragon Clan couldn't understand it. The first person to see this point was Shi Jingtian. However, Shi Jingtian didn't know what the Battle of the Great Era was. He simply felt that Luo Yan seemed to be guiding Luo Zheng forward …
Luo Zheng had already fainted. He didn't know that after he fainted, the two True Dragons had such a conversation in his mind.

Chapter 465
Although Luo Zheng was mentally prepared to face the pain of Body Forging, he didn't expect that it would be so unbearable.
His soul had already stepped into the War Soul Realm, and his willpower had also increased by several levels. However, he still couldn't bear this inhumane torture and fainted.
A series of footsteps came in. It was a young girl wearing a green silk robe. She was carrying a pot of hot tea. This young girl had an average appearance. She had neat bangs on her forehead. Her eyes were pure, and her footsteps were light.
"You're awake?" Seeing that Luo Zheng had woken up, the young girl poured a cup of hot tea and handed it to Luo Zheng.
This young girl was an ordinary person. She didn't have any cultivation. Luo Zheng's eyes swept over her. He completely let down his guard. He nodded and took a sip of the hot tea.
"I saw that you were in great pain. Do you need me to call a doctor for you?" Although Bi Chun knew that the body of a warrior was different from that of an ordinary person, Luo Zheng had been in so much pain. She had to find a doctor …
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He shook his head and said, "No need. A doctor can't cure me."
"Not necessarily. I know a very good doctor. He lives on the corner of our street. His surname is Wang. He has been a doctor for decades. He used to …" Bi Chun said seriously. The little girl's voice was elegant and clear, but it wasn't annoying.
When the little girl said this, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. He didn't stop her, but let her continue.
However, Bi Chun was a careful person. Halfway through, she saw that Luo Zheng didn't have much reaction. She knew that he wasn't listening to her. Therefore, she stopped talking and glared at Luo Zheng. "Also, you rented my father's courtyard. If you break the house and floor, you have to pay for it!"
Luo Zheng tossed and turned in the small courtyard for a long time. No one in the Bi Family dared to come out. However, Bi Chun wasn't afraid at all. She helped Luo Zheng clean up.
Bi Chun's father had said that many martial artists were unscrupulous. They wouldn't be reasonable if they took a fancy to a girl. However, Bi Chun had an intuition that Luo Zheng wasn't that kind of person.
Now that Bi Chun's father saw a lot of damage in the courtyard, he was distressed but didn't dare to discuss the compensation with Luo Zheng. In the end, it was Bi Chun who opened the mouth.
Luo Zheng remembered that he had just destroyed several rooms. So, Luo Zheng took out a dozen low-grade true essence stones from his spatial ring and handed them to Bi Chun, "Is this enough?"
These low-grade true essence stones were leftover from Luo Zheng's purchase of materials.
Looking at the dozen low-grade True Essence Stones in front of her, Bi Chun blinked and shook her head. "I don't need so many."
There was an insurmountable gap between mortals and martial artists. A small family like the Bi Family could be considered a well-off family in Heavenly Awakening City. Every year, the entire family spent gold on food and clothing. Even if the price was reduced to one or two low-grade true essence stones, that's all.
To repair the damaged rooms, it probably wouldn't even cost half a low-grade true essence stone. A dozen low-grade true essence stones … to Bi Chun's family, this was a large sum of money. If Bi Chun's father knew that Bi Chun had refused, he would probably be so angry that he wouldn't be able to sleep. However, Luo Zheng still stuffed the stones into Bi Chun's hands.
Although Bi Chun wanted to refuse, she thought that her father would be very happy. In the end, she happily took the low-grade true essence stones and left. Before she left, she told Luo Zheng that she would send him dinner in the evening.
Bi Chun had just stepped out of the door when Luo Zheng jumped up from the bed. However, he didn't expect that with this jump, his head would directly hit the ceiling.
Luo Zheng's head smashed a large hole in the wooden ceiling.
When Bi Chun heard the sound, she retreated and poked her head out of the door, her eyes filled with a strange expression.
Luo Zheng awkwardly rubbed his forehead and smiled, "I will compensate you according to the price …"
Before this, Luo Zheng had always thought that the warm current could only help him refine the impurities in his body. The first step after entering the Xiantian Mystic Realm was to remove the impurities in his body and purify his body. But after entering the Xiantian Mystic Realm, this warm current had little effect on him.
It was only today that Luo Zheng understood the true method of using the Grandmist Dipper. This was also the first step of Luo Zheng's body tempering technique.
Because of using the Grandmist Dipper to temper his body, Luo Zheng's body had undergone a wonderful change. Just as he jumped, he felt that his body was filled with a strange power. This power was different from true essence. He could only feel the existence of this power, but he couldn't use it.
Therefore, as he was caught off guard, he jumped up and slammed his head into the ceiling.
"You formed your own true essence during the first tempering of your body. As expected of the Grandmist Dipper, hehe …" At this moment, the crimson dragon's voice drifted over.
"True essence?" Luo Zheng's eyes slightly twitched.
"Yes, this is the martial Dao of body tempering …" The crimson dragon explained.
The body tempering system and the true essence system were two completely different martial Daos. From the very beginning, one would temper the body. After reaching the fifth level of the mortal body, the two would start to diverge. Therefore, warriors of the true essence system would start from the Xiantian Mystic Realm, then the Divine Reflection Realm, the Divine Core Realm, the False Tribulation Realm, and even higher realms …
However, for the body tempering system, after reaching the fifth level of the mortal body, one would start to temper their acupoints! After tempering all 108 acupoints in one's body, one would form the Leakless True Body, then the eighth level of the Dao Pedestal Realm, and the ninth level of the Spiritual Pedestal Realm!
"The body tempering system is also a huge cultivation system, and it is even more complete than the true essence system. If you want to cultivate both body and energy at the same time, you will have to put in a lot more effort and sweat than other warriors. Only then will you be able to achieve something. After tempering your body, I'm sure you understand how difficult this path is!" The crimson dragon explained.
"En, I understand." Luo Zheng still said calmly. Since he had chosen his own path, no matter if he was kneeling down or standing up, he would walk down it without any hesitation.
Seeing Luo Zheng's calm expression, the crimson dragon praised, "Very good, I was worried that your temperament wasn't firm enough. If you can really cultivate both body and energy at the same time, you will definitely become an overlord in the future, and achieve great things. Among all the powerful warriors I've seen, those who walk the path of body and energy at the same time are all much stronger than other warriors. Since … you've made your preparations, let's continue! Hehe! "
"Continue?" Hearing the crimson dragon's words, Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched slightly.
"Just now, you were only tempering your body, which is equivalent to you cultivating the true essence system and transforming your True Qi into true essence. Now, you have to start tempering your acupoints … Tempering acupoints usually requires the power of thunder and fire. You haven't cultivated any thunder or fire arts. Fortunately, you've been baptized by the laws of nature, and have comprehended the first layer of fire and thunder laws. Using pure thunder and fire to temper your acupoints is the best option," the crimson dragon said.
Luo Zheng finally understood. He was now tempering his body again, which was equivalent to him cultivating his True Qi and just stepping into the Innate Mystery Tier.
Thus, Luo Zheng returned to the small courtyard and sat down cross-legged. A wisp of flame appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The flame was very small and didn't look very powerful, but it was extremely pure, like a jumping flame spirit!
At the same time, another bolt of thunder and lightning appeared in front of him. This bolt of thunder and lightning flashed with a blue light, like the light of a flawless sapphire. The tiny lightning bolt was also jumping.
Under the crimson dragon's finger, the wisp of flame and the bolt of thunder and lightning in front of Luo Zheng suddenly intertwined and rushed toward the space between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
That was the first major acupoint of the human body, Baihui!
When the flame and lightning rushed into the Baihui acupoint, Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled, and then beads of sweat the size of soybeans flowed down from his forehead.
The pain of tempering acupoints was no less than tempering his body. However, tempering his body would cause intense pain in every part of the body, while tempering his acupoints would only cause pain in one place.
He felt as if the space between his eyebrows was about to explode, and the pure flame and lightning were constantly spreading between his eyebrows.
For Luo Zheng's willpower, this was quite a big test. Even if the flame and lightning were the power that Luo Zheng comprehended, at this moment, they were tempering between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, so he still had to be very careful. If he was careless, the flame and lightning would penetrate into his mind, and that would be troublesome.

Chapter 466
Luo Zheng's dantian slowly revolved, supporting the wisp of flame and the bolt of thunder.
The power of thunder and fire constantly lingered around Luo Zheng's Baihui acupoint. Under the tempering of the power of thunder and fire, Luo Zheng's Baihui acupoint began to emit a faint golden light!
After an hour, the Baihui acupoint had been tempered once. The faint golden light gradually faded away. The Baihui acupoint was considered to have been completely tempered.
It wasn't that there weren't any Body Refiners in the Central Domain. There were even some small sects that focused on Body Refiners.
After crossing the Marrow Refining Realm, they also had to temper their acupoints. The first acupoint they had to temper was also the Baihui acupoint.
However … in order to temper the Baihui acupoint, it often took several years, or even decades!
However, Luo Zheng only used an hour to complete it.
The difference was so great that it was enough to stupefy anyone. If those Body Refiners saw Luo Zheng's tempering speed, they would probably find a hole to hide in.
There were many reasons why Luo Zheng could temper an acupoint so quickly. His body was originally a Spirit Artifact, so it was much sturdier than other Body Refiners. More importantly, his entire body had been tempered by the Primordial Astral Nova.
The Primordial Astral Nova was an ordinary item in Luo Zheng's eyes. After all, it would be produced as long as he was beaten. However, according to what the crimson dragon said, even those old monsters in a Great Realm would find it difficult to obtain the Primordial Astral Nova.
After being tempered by the Primordial Astral Nova, his body had almost been reborn. Therefore, the effect of tempering the acupoints in his body was very outstanding.
More importantly, the power of thunder and fire that Luo Zheng possessed was the purest power of Law.
It was extremely difficult for the Body Refiners in the Central Domain to find suitable thunder and fire for tempering their acupoints. Moreover, it was impossible for them to find thunder and fire as pure as Luo Zheng's. The thunder and fire in the outside world were more explosive and difficult to control. Therefore, they had to be ten times, a hundred times more careful than Luo Zheng when tempering their acupoints! How could they be like Luo Zheng, directly mixing thunder and fire together and stuffing it into their acupoints?
After the first acupoint was opened, Luo Zheng began tempering the second acupoint …
After an hour, the tempering of the Taiyang acupoint was completed …
Yintang acupoint …
Tinggong acupoint …
Yuyao acupoint …
As Luo Zheng refined his acupoints one by one, time slowly passed. The sky gradually darkened, and the red light shone on the horizon. It was as if the entire Apocalypse City was covered in a layer of gold.
Every time the Martial Arts Conference was held, it was the busiest time in Tianqi City. Martial artists from the central region would swarm in endlessly. It was easy for fights to break out when there were too many martial artists. The General Commerce League had also sent more people to maintain order in Tianqi City.
A cloud of ice mist was floating not far away, and Ning Yudie was leaning against the beam of a roof. Her long, light blue skirt flowed down the roof like a curtain, and when the night wind blew, her skirt would sway in the wind.
. "He's actually tempering his acupoints … and he's tempering them so quickly …"
Ning Yudie's face couldn't be clearly seen in the swirling ice fog. But, the shock in her eyes could still be seen through the ice fog.
At this time, in a small courtyard, a young girl wearing a jade-green silk dress walked towards Luo Zheng with a small basket in her hand.
Perhaps it was because of the dozen or so low-grade True Origin Stones that Bi Chun's father had made a huge profit. Therefore, he hurriedly dispatched the best chef in the area to make a sumptuous meal, and only then did he have Bi Chun deliver it.
"It's time to eat," Bi Chun said with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng also stopped tempering his acupoints. He had 108 acupoints, so it wasn't too difficult to temper them all in one go.
After cultivating for such a long time, Luo Zheng also felt a little hungry.
Bi Chun deftly took out the food in the small basket. She opened the small lids one by one and presented them to Luo Zheng.
Not too far away, Ning Yudie's gaze was always focused on Bi Chun.
Bi Chun was only a girl from an ordinary family. Her appearance was average, and she could be considered a pretty girl from a humble family. But, she couldn't be compared to Ning Yudie. But, looking at this scene, Ning Yudie felt a faint sense of envy in her heart.
As a martial artist, they struggled their entire lives to reach the peak. Even if they wanted to stop, they had no choice. But, Ning Yudie was still a woman. Besides taking care of the entire Cloud Hall, she also had to focus on cultivating. She had to do her utmost to increase her cultivation and attack a higher realm.
But, she also wanted to occasionally stop and enjoy this kind of peace and quiet …
Perhaps it was because Ning Yudie's mood was fluctuating, but Luo Zheng sensed something. When Luo Zheng took a bite of the fish, his gaze suddenly turned towards the room where Ning Yudie was.
"Was it an illusion?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. He had clearly sensed that someone was spying on him a moment ago.
"What's wrong? Did you get stuck on a fish bone? This grouper's bone is very powerful … "Bi Chun asked curiously when she saw Luo Zheng's actions.
How could Luo Zheng get stuck on a fish bone? When he heard Bi Chun's words, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
After eating, Luo Zheng continued to temper his acupoints.
Under the tempering of Luo Zheng's Thunder Fire, the 108 acupoints were tempered one after another. The tempering speed also became faster and faster.
Four days later, Luo Zheng finished tempering all his acupoints. Then, Luo Zheng went to Tianqi City to purchase a batch of Profound Weapons. He used the black flames to temper the Heaven's Derivation Essence.
After his body had been tempered by the Primordial Dipper, his physique had changed greatly. His body could also withstand more dragon scales. Therefore, he needed to absorb more Heaven's Derivation Essence to light up more dragon scales …
Another three days passed …
In the wee hours of this day, the sound of a drum suddenly rang out in Tianqi City. This drum sound penetrated every corner of the city.
When they heard this drum sound, all the warriors understood that the Martial Arts Conference organized by the World Business Alliance was about to begin.
Tianqi City was very large. If an ordinary person wanted to walk across the entire city, they would need three days and three nights. Tianqi City alone was equivalent to a small country.
However, the sound of the drum could be heard clearly by everyone in Tianqi City.
"It's the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi Drum! It's finally sounded! "
"It's said that the drumstick used to strike the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi Drum weighs 50,000 pounds. Ordinary people can't strike this drum!"
"The Heaven Earth Yuan Qi Drum absorbs Heaven Earth Yuan Qi all day long. Every time it is struck, the Yuan Qi from the drum will spread throughout Tianqi City. Everyone, quickly take a few breaths. It can prolong your life!"
When Luo Zheng heard the drum sound, he felt a wave of restless Heaven Earth Yuan Qi rushing towards him.
Such rich Heaven Earth Yuan Qi could be rapidly absorbed by warriors and transformed into True Essence. This could be considered a benefit that the World Business Alliance gave to Tianqi City …
Today was the day of the Martial Arts Conference. Luo Zheng left the small courtyard where he was cultivating and rushed towards the World Business Alliance's Headquarters.
The World Business Alliance had already set up the arena for the Martial Arts Conference. At the same time, they had also estimated the number of warriors who would come to watch. They had also set up an observation platform that was 20,000 feet long. This observation platform was divided into 12 levels. If it was completely filled, it could accommodate hundreds of thousands of warriors.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the Headquarters, Luo Zheng was shocked by the huge number of warriors.
It was still early in the morning, but the observation platform was already densely packed with warriors. For a moment, there was a hubbub of voices and it was abnormally noisy.
There were too many warriors in the Central Domain. The Cloud Hall and the disciples of several second-grade sects under it added up to millions. The Void Spirit Sect had more than ten million disciples. Not to mention, there were also countless third-grade sects, second-grade sects, various forces, and families in the Central Domain …
The hundreds of thousands of warriors who came to watch the Martial Arts Conference were only one in ten thousand.
"Tickets to watch the Martial Arts Conference! One top-grade True Essence Stone for one ticket! "someone in the crowd shouted.
One top-grade True Essence Stone for one ticket. Luo Zheng was speechless. This was too expensive …
Hundreds of thousands of warriors flew to watch such expensive tickets. Luo Zheng didn't know whether it was because the World Business Alliance had a way of accumulating wealth or because these warriors were too rich.
Luo Zheng didn't stay for long and walked towards the arena.
"Stop. If you want to watch the Martial Arts Conference, please go over there!" A manager of the World Business Alliance stopped Luo Zheng.
This manager saw that Luo Zheng was only at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. Of course, he didn't think that Luo Zheng was qualified to participate in the Martial Arts Conference.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "No need. I'm here to participate in the Martial Arts Conference!"
"Participate in the Martial Arts Conference?" The manager suddenly smiled. "Friend, do you know where this place is? If you want to cause trouble, you should know where you are! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 467
"I'm really here to participate in the Martial Arts Contest. If you don't believe me, I have a nameplate here …" Luo Zheng said and was about to take out his nameplate.
However, the deacon didn't look at it at all. He just sneered and said, "I've seen a lot of guys like you. You're the only one who dares to fool me when you're only in the Divine Reflection Realm. I'll give you three breaths of time. Get out of my way!"
Hearing the deacon's words, Luo Zheng frowned.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't leave, the deacon smiled and shouted at the fighting field, "Big Monkey! There's an idiot looking for trouble. You have to deal with him! Throw him out! "
As soon as the deacon's voice fell, a fierce strong man rushed out of the fighting field. He was eight feet tall and looked like an iron tower. When he stamped his feet, the ground shook.
"Who dares to make trouble in the World Business Alliance? Are you looking for death?" The strong man called Big Monkey rushed out. His eyes fell on Luo Zheng. With a grim smile, he grabbed Luo Zheng. Obviously, he wanted to catch Luo Zheng.
How flexible was Luo Zheng's body after being refined by the Primordial Dipper?
In the face of the strong man's big hands, Luo Zheng didn't use any Zhenqi. He just twisted his body slightly and avoided the big hands.
"Eh?"
The strong man had a strange expression on his face. He felt that Luo Zheng was like a slippery loach. He almost caught him, but Luo Zheng's body was always a hair's breadth away from his body. From the beginning to the end, the strong man didn't touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
Just as the strong man was puzzled, Luo Zheng had twisted his body to the strong man's side. At the same time, a glittering throwing knife appeared in his hand and he pressed it between the strong man's ribs. "I said I'm here to participate in the Martial Arts Contest. Those old monsters in the World Business Alliance are quite good at dealing with people. Why are these people thousands of miles away?"
Those old guys in the World Business Alliance were all as shrewd as foxes. Not to mention Mo Yuezhang and the others, even when Luo Zheng had just returned from the Rising Dragon Platform, the three fat men of the World Business Alliance wanted to force him to tell them the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform. But in the end, they held back and didn't offend him completely.
However, these people seemed to be a little unscrupulous because they were from the World Business Alliance.
In fact, Luo Zheng's analysis was very reasonable. The World Business Alliance was a sect. Although the World Business Alliance was very low-key, it was after all a large sect comparable to the Void Spirit Sect. The hidden forces under it were even greater than the Void Spirit Sect.
Seeing this scene, the deacon's face suddenly changed. He realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng. Moreover, from Luo Zheng's tone, he really didn't come to make trouble. Could it be that this guy in the Divine Reflection Realm really qualified for the inner competition?
"You, you … Friend, please show your nameplate!" The deacon forced a smile and said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng glanced at the deacon coldly. He waved his nameplate in front of the deacon's face and then strode away.
The deacon didn't see clearly what was written on the nameplate, but he didn't dare to ask again …
However, the World Business Alliance had been planning this Martial Arts Competition for several months. Naturally, they had arranged the entire venue of the Martial Arts Competition airtight. After Luo Zheng walked into the arena, an elder walked towards Luo Zheng and said to Luo Zheng, "Are you a disciple who passed the outer competition? Hand over your nameplate. "
Luo Zheng handed the nameplate in his hand to the elder. The elder took the nameplate and then compared it with the name list in his hand. He nodded and said to Luo Zheng, "Follow me."
Thus, Luo Zheng was taken to one side of the arena. At this moment, most of the warriors who had passed the outer competition were gathered here.
The outer competition had been held for more than ten days. Every day, there would be three spots for the inner competition. The warriors who were able to stand here had stood out from hundreds of other warriors. The strength of each warrior couldn't be underestimated.
When Luo Zheng walked over, a few dozen warriors immediately focused their gazes on Luo Zheng. All of them had surprised expressions on their faces.
Most of the warriors who had passed the inner competition were Divine Core warriors, and there were only two Divine Reflection warriors.
One of them was Ao Xiang, who had participated in the outer competition on the same day as Luo Zheng. As for the other one, Luo Zheng didn't know who he was.
It was strange that there were two Divine Reflection warriors among these people. After all, there was a huge gap between a Divine Reflection warrior and a Divine Core warrior, and it was extremely difficult for them to pass the outer competition.
Just a moment ago, they were exclaiming that these two Divine Reflection disciples were too abnormal …
But now, a fourth level Divine Reflection warrior had appeared. At this moment, everyone doubted if they had seen wrongly, and started discussing among themselves.
"Why is there a fourth level Divine Reflection warrior here? If he went up to the arena, he would have been killed in an instant. "
"I really don't know how he passed the outer competition. It was impossible for him to pass the outer competition, but he was able to qualify for the inner competition. This is strange!"
"So what if he passed the inner competition? With his strength, he would be courting death if he went up to the arena. "
While everyone was discussing, the Wutong Sect disciple suddenly let out a laugh, then he said with a loud voice, "I know how this guy passed the inner competition!"
Everyone turned to look at the Wutong Sect disciple. Someone asked, "How did he pass the inner competition?"
"This guy participated in the inner competition on the same day as me, and during the second stage of the illusion formation test, he actually owned a 12th level pagoda! A 12th level pagoda is equal to 12 Void Tribulation warriors! With such a powerful pagoda, he could have passed the inner competition even if he was sleeping! " The Wutong Sect disciple had spent over a hundred top rank True Origin Stones for a single entry. Naturally, he was unhappy about this, and he wanted to expose Luo Zheng's past.
"How could something like this happen?"
"Isn't this the World Business Alliance covering for him to pass the inner competition?"
"This is so unfair! I can't believe that the World Business Alliance would do something like this!"
When the Wutong Sect disciple heard everyone's doubts, he immediately said, "You don't believe me? If you don't believe me, you can ask him! "As he spoke, he pointed at Ao Xiang.
Ao Xiang carried his scimitar on his back and did not speak. However, when everyone looked at him, he nodded and said, "There was indeed a 12th level pagoda that day, but I don't know if the World Business Alliance is covering for him. However, I also believe that he should have the strength to pass the inner competition."
Looking at Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng nodded slightly in his heart. He had to pay special attention to this person.
Although Ao Xiang's cultivation was only at the Extreme Divine Realm and he seemed to be the weakest among this group of independent warriors, Luo Zheng was very clear about this person's temperament. He did not hold a grudge against Luo Zheng for selling the inner competition spots a few days ago. This kind of person had a strong mentality, but the prerequisite for a strong mentality was that he had enough confidence in his own strength!
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng had to pay special attention to Ao Xiang.
As the saying goes, one who is fierce on the outside is weak on the inside. This warrior from the Wutong Sect loved to hold a grudge, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, he was not worth mentioning. He was afraid that he would come up and threaten him soon …
Just as he was thinking about this, the Wutong Sect disciple took two steps forward and grinned. "Boy, I was tricked by you in the illusion array. Enjoy the last moments of your life! I will definitely smash you into meat paste in the arena! "
Luo Zheng looked at the warrior in front of him indifferently. There was a faint smile in his eyes, but he did not say a word.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to respond to this kind of low-level provocation.
"You …" Looking at Luo Zheng's arrogant expression, the Wutong Sect disciple was furious. He clenched his fists so tightly that cracking sounds could be heard. He really wished he could tear Luo Zheng to pieces right now. Not only was he bullied by Luo Zheng in the illusion array, he was also a Mid Divine Core warrior, the most talented disciple of the Wutong Sect in the last hundred years. But now, he was being looked down upon by a Divine Realm junior?
Too bad, his furious expression was completely ignored by Luo Zheng, as if he was just air …
When Ao Xiang saw this, Ao Xiang revealed a faint smile and said, "I think this Martial Dao Competition is going to be interesting."
Right after this brief interlude, a Sect Elder from the World Business Alliance suddenly shouted, "We've arrived at the Dark Yin Mansion!"
A huge coffin could be seen on the horizon, and it was silently flying towards them like a ghost …

Chapter 468
In this Martial Arts Competition held by the World Business Alliance, only Sects above the fourth-grade could directly enter the Inner Competition.
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was an old Sect in the Central Domain. However, because the Cultivation Method of the Mysterious Yin Mansion was quite insidious and its actions were both righteous and evil, it didn't have a high reputation in the Central Domain.
However, no one dared to ignore such a mysterious fourth-grade Sect, especially the Mysterious Yin Old Man, an old monster who had lived for more than 900 years. He was a legendary figure in the Central Domain.
On the other side of the arena, there were many high platforms. The huge coffin finally landed on one of the high platforms.
"Bang!"
After the coffin came to a steady stop, the lid of the coffin was lifted and a black-clothed old man crawled out. The black-clothed old man's face was deeply wrinkled and looked so old that it was as if he could be buried in the earth. However, he had a head of pitch-black hair and looked very strange.
This was the owner of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, the Mysterious Yin Old Man.
In the arena, hundreds of thousands of warriors were discussing spiritedly.
Warriors who could take out a top-grade True Meta Stone to watch the Martial Arts Competition were basically famous. They were also very familiar with the experts in the Central Domain.
"The Mysterious Yin Old Man should have lived for more than 1,000 years, right? He's not dead yet! "
"He's not 1,000 years old. According to the historical records, the Mysterious Yin Old Man should be 976 years old now. There are still more than 30 years before he reaches 1,000 years old! I don't know if he can survive these 30 years … "
"Shh, keep your voices down. If the people of the Mysterious Yin Mansion hear you, you'll be dead!"
In addition to the Mysterious Yin Old Man, there were dozens of elders and disciples of the Mysterious Yin Mansion crawling out. The Mysterious Yin Mansion had a total of four quotas this time, but no one knew who they would send to participate in the Martial Arts Conference.
An elder of the World Business Alliance suddenly shouted, "Blood Wood Cliff is here!"
In the sky, a carriage flew over. Eventually, Blood Wood Cliff pulled the carriage and stopped on another high platform. A snow-white foot stretched out of the carriage, and Madam Poisonous Blood, dressed in red satin, lifted the curtain of the carriage and walked out.
Her dress today was very coquettish. Just one look at her would make people's blood boil.
"It's Madam Poison Blood. She's so sexy!"
"You're already an old woman. So what if you're sexy? Who knows how many people he has slept with … "
"How can we, martial artists, measure people based on their age? Even if she's over two hundred years old, she still looks like she's in her twenties, and her body is softer than a teenage girl's. Tsk tsk … "
The appearance of Madam Poison Blood caused some of the lechers among the cultivators to go crazy. Relying on their numbers, all kinds of obscenities were hurled at her.
Madam Poison Blood was known for her debauchery, so she didn't mind at all. Soon after, her disciples also got off the carriage and stood to the side.
"We have arrived at the Cloud Hall …"
The elder of the World Business Alliance shouted again.
A Flood Dragon let out a huge roar in the sky, rolled along the high clouds, and then swooped down.
"Jiao Long! Everyone, run! "
"Don't panic, so what if it's a Flood Dragon? Where is this place? This was the Martial Arts Conference! There are as many False Tribulation Realm experts as there are dogs. Even if the sky falls, they will hold it up! "
"Why is there a flood dragon here? Isn't this flood dragon afraid of death? "
Most of the cultivators didn't know that the Cloud Hall had obtained a flood dragon puppet, so the hundreds of thousands of cultivators panicked when they saw the flood dragon puppet.
However, when the flood dragon coiled on the high platform, Ning Yudie walked out from it.
She was wearing a plain white dress today, with two decorative phoenix feathers fluttering on her back. She looked like a fairy in the mortal world, exuding a cold and elegant temperament.
With such a beautiful appearance and the identity of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie was the perfect lover in the eyes of many cultivators.
However, her temperament was elegant, so the cultivators below didn't have the heart to blaspheme Ning Yudie with explicit words. This was what it meant to judge a person by their looks. The hearts of the low-level cultivators were as clear as a mirror.
"I've long heard that the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is so beautiful that she doesn't look like a mortal. Today, I see that it's true!"
"What do you mean she doesn't look like a mortal? She isn't a mortal! The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is a fairy who has descended to the mortal world! "
"When I can talk to a beauty like her, I'll be satisfied for the rest of my life …"
Ning Yudie threw an indifferent glance at the arena, then she casually glanced at the group of disciples who had passed the outer selection. Although she saw Luo Zheng, and also noticed that Luo Zheng was looking at her, she didn't even look at Luo Zheng, and pretended that she didn't see him at all.
But, this little action didn't look real at all. With Luo Zheng's sharp senses, how could he not notice it? He let out a faint smile and shook his head. He really didn't know what Ning Yudie was thinking about.
After Ning Yudie appeared, the few Sect Elders of the Cloud Hall walked out from the flood dragon as well. The last group to walk out were five disciples from the Cloud Hall. Among these five disciples, two of them were Early Divine Core warriors, and the other three were Mid Divine Core warriors.
These five men were the five strongest disciples in the Cloud Hall right now!
Not long after that, an Elder from the World Business Alliance shouted, "The Black Mountain Sect has arrived …"
A large flock of black crows flew towards the arena. When they landed on the stage, they immediately dispersed. After that, a black crow wearing a mask appeared amongst the crowd. Together with the black crows were all the Sect Elders and disciples of the Black Mountain Sect.
"The Void Spirit Sect has arrived …"
A big ship slowly landed, and the Seven Void Spirit Sect flew out from it.
Besides the Seven Void Spirit Sect, another Daoist wearing a green robe flew out from the big ship.
The Daoist carried a flying sword on his back, and he had an elegant figure and a handsome face. He was the Sect Chief of the Void Spirit Sect, Daoist Qing Xu!
The Void Spirit Sect was the only Fifth Grade Sect in the Central Domain. Therefore, its appearance attracted a lot of attention.
The Void Spirit Sect was the holy land of martial arts that all the warriors in the Central Domain yearned for!
"In the previous Martial Arts Competitions, Daoist Qing Xu usually didn't show up, and the Seven Void Spirit Sect usually did it on his behalf. I didn't expect Daoist Qing Xu to show up in person this year!"
"This Martial Arts Competition is different. Many Sects attach great importance to the Rising Dragon Platform, so it's not surprising that Daoist Qing Xu will show up!"
"You can imagine how tragic this Martial Arts Competition will be. I wonder how many geniuses will fall …"
Just as everyone was discussing, the Elder from the World Business Alliance shouted again, "Nanhua Venerable has arrived …"
Nanhua Venerable was an independent warrior, so the disciples he taught were naturally the elites of the elites!
"The Tianxing Clan of the Central Domain has arrived …"
In addition to some Fourth Grade Sects, there were several Fourth Grade Clans in the Central Domain. For example, the Tianxing Clan was a large Clan Alliance. Among them, six Third Grade Clans were united, and after forming an alliance, they were comparable to a Fourth Grade Sect.
"The Confucian Sage Liu Wenchang has arrived …"
"The East Evil King Cui Xie has arrived!"
Hearing this name, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows. His eyes shone brightly as he stared at the horizon.
"Cui Xie …"
"I've been waiting for you for a long time."
Luo Zheng participated in the Martial Arts Competition and won first place. Obtaining the Rising Dragon Platform was one of his goals, but his biggest goal was to kill Si Miaoling!
Cui Xie was another woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body!
At this stage, it was obviously unrealistic for Luo Zheng to defeat Cui Xie and take back Luo Yan.
However, if he killed Si Miaoling, it would be much more difficult for Cui Xie to find another person with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. At least, there would be enough time for Luo Zheng to become stronger.
Not far away, a burly figure flew over. Behind that person were a few people.
Luo Zheng recognized the burly middle-aged man at a glance. He had seen that huge face in the Blue Cloud Sect. It was exactly the same as the man in the distance!
He was Cui Xie, the strongest man in the Central Domain, and Luo Zheng's biggest enemy!
Luo Zheng stared at Cui Xie, as if he was trying to carve this man's image into his mind!
When he looked behind Cui Xie, his eyes lit up.
"Is that Si Miaoling?"
Luo Zheng noticed a fat woman following behind Cui Xie. She was as fat as a pig, and had a bloated body. However, Luo Zheng couldn't determine her cultivation base and cultivation base!
What was going on?
Wasn't Si Miaoling a Mid Divine Core warrior? Why couldn't he determine her cultivation base?
With Luo Zheng's strong senses, only those with a much higher cultivation base wouldn't be able to determine her cultivation base.
However, Luo Zheng soon noticed another woman following behind the fat woman. The woman was young and beautiful, and she was wearing a black outfit. She was a Mid Divine Core warrior!
She must be Si Miaoling!
Although Luo Zheng couldn't confirm it, he felt his guess was pretty close to the truth.
Besides the three of them, there were three other men following behind Cui Xie's group. One of them was a young man wearing a brocade robe. He had a handsome face, and a feminine aura could be sensed from his face. He looked somewhat similar to Cui Xie, and he was most likely Cui Xie's son. However, Luo Zheng wasn't sure if his son would be participating in the Martial Dao Competition.
When Luo Zheng turned around again, he saw two young girls.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly widened, and his pupils trembled at this moment.
One of the girls was Luo Yan!
Right at this moment, Luo Yan's eyes were closed, and he was flying behind the group like a log …

Chapter 469
Next to Luo Yan, there was a girl who looked exactly like her. Her eyes were also shut tight, and she looked like a puppet.
What did Cui Xie do to Luo Yan? Why did she become like this?
Looking at this scene, Luo Zheng tried his best to control his emotions.
No matter what, this guy was the strongest man in the Central Domain, and he wasn't someone he could fight with with his current strength. If he rushed forward recklessly, even Ning Yudie wouldn't be able to protect him.
"Eh? Six Senses Sealing Art? " Qinglong's voice sounded out in Luo Zheng's mind once again. Although Qinglong was the weakest amongst the nine True Dragons, he was the most knowledgeable one.
"What is this Six Senses Sealing Art?" Luo Zheng asked while gritting his teeth.
Qinglong gazed at Luo Yan and the girl next to her with an indifferent expression. "The Six Senses Sealing Art is a cultivation skill that seals off all six senses of a cultivator. She can't see, hear, smell, touch, taste, or sense anything … all six senses that allow her to communicate with the outside world are sealed off. This is a cultivation skill, hehe … I never thought this cultivation skill would fall into the hands of this man."
Qinglong obviously knew about the inheritance of the Six Senses Sealing Art, and he knew some secrets that Luo Zheng didn't know about. But, Luo Zheng didn't have the time to think about this right now. He quickly asked, "Is this Six Senses Sealing Art harmful to a cultivator?"
"It's harmless, but it can quickly increase a cultivator's cultivation. Didn't I hear he was going to set up the Heavenly Fiend Joyous Union Formation?" Qinglong asked.
"I understand now, Cui Xie is using the Six Senses Sealing Art to quickly increase Luo Yan's cultivation, allowing her to break through to the Divine Core realm! Wait a minute … "Luo Zheng's brows twitched again." Si Miaoling has the Extreme Violet Yin Body, and so does Luo Yan. Then, the last girl … "
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the woman beside Luo Yan. This woman was also subjected to the Six Senses Sealing Technique.
"That's right, she has the Extreme Violet Yin Body as well. Cui Xie has gathered three people, and once your sister and that girl break through to the Divine Core realm, his Heavenly Devils Joyous Union Formation will be completed." Qinglong said in an indifferent manner.
"How strange. How can there be three people with the Extreme Violet Yin Physique in this tiny Central Domain? Hehe, this Extreme Violet Yin Body is a talent that can be molded. It's very suitable to become a Body Refiner … hehe. "The crimson dragon suddenly laughed.
Luo Zheng didn't listen to what Chi Long said. At this moment, his mind was in a mess.
According to Shi Jingtian, there were very few people with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Out of hundreds of millions of people, there was only one with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique. The probability of finding three people with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique in such a short period of time was simply too low.
Luo Zheng originally thought Cui Xie had only found two people with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique. One was Si Miaoling, and the other was Luo Yan. It would take some time for him to find the third person. But, he never expected that Cui Xie had actually found three people with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique!
Now, all he needed was for Luo Yan and the other girl to break through to the Divine Core realm, then he would be able to complete the Heavenly Devils Joyous Union Formation.
The situation was even more critical for Luo Zheng.
"Si Miaoling …" Luo Zheng stared at the Mid Divine Core girl standing behind Cui Xie. The veins on his fists were twitching violently.
Although Luo Zheng had listed Si Miaoling as a must-kill target, he knew very well that it would be extremely difficult for him to kill her in the arena.
The Martial Dao Competition organized by the World Business Alliance had gathered all the outstanding geniuses from all over the Central Domain. In the future, all these geniuses would have the qualification to break through to the Void Tribulation realm, and become the overlords of the Central Domain.
Their overall strength was far beyond what ordinary warriors could compare with …
Just like Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, if they were allowed to grow, their future combat strength would not be underestimated. However, no matter if it was the Void Spirit Sect or the Blood Wood Cliff, there would always be a few disciples with monstrous talent like Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao. Furthermore, these disciples had all broken through to the Divine Core realm.
Luo Zheng had prepared himself for this Martial Dao Competition. He knew that this competition was an extremely important test for him.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that the situation would be so serious, so serious that he couldn't even breathe properly.
Those warriors who had bought tickets to watch the Martial Dao Competition were still discussing amongst themselves. As the strongest man in the Central Domain, Cui Xie was also the topic of many warriors' discussion. His popularity was even greater than when Madame Poison Blood and Ning Yudie had appeared on the stage!
However, Luo Zheng wasn't in the mood to listen to what they were talking about …
Right at this moment, three bright lights suddenly appeared in midair!
The three bright lights shot up into the sky and broke through the clouds, instantly attracting everyone's attention.
After that, three chairs slowly rose up from the three bright lights. The three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance appeared on the three chairs.
The three fat men had different expressions, but they were completely different from the day when Luo Zheng arrived on the Rising Dragon Arena!
As the pillars of the World Business Alliance, the three fat men's strength had reached an unfathomable level. Even though Cui Xie was the strongest man in the Central Domain, he wouldn't be able to win against the three fat men if they joined forces! Moreover, in addition to the three pillars of the World Business Alliance, it was said that there was an old man who had lived for nearly 1,700 or 1,800 years.
That old man hadn't made an appearance in front of others for a long time, and his origins were extremely mysterious. Until now, the numerous sects only knew that such an old man existed in the central region, but they didn't know the old man's name.
A person who lived for a thousand years was considered a demon! Generally speaking, people who lived for more than a thousand years were called eternal giants!
The Mysterious Yin Old Man of the Mysterious Yin Mansion was still a few decades away from this title, but the old man in the World Business Alliance who had lived for more than 1,700 years was a veritable eternal giant!
This was the foundation of the World Business Alliance! Even the Void Spirit Sect, a fifth-grade sect, couldn't compare to this foundation.
"Today, the Martial Arts Conference is held in Tianqi City. We, the World Business Alliance, are very honored to have all the sects and warriors come to support us! Therefore, we have specially prepared a grand gift for all of you! Every warrior present will have a share! "The charmingly naive fat man, Shi Kefan, said slowly.
As soon as he finished speaking, hundreds of warriors were driven out from one side of the arena!
Almost all of these warriors were warriors from the Xiantian Secret Realm to the Illuminating God Realm. However, their auras were extremely weak, and they were handcuffed and shackled. A group of warriors from the World Business Alliance chased them to a platform on the side!
"These warriors are prisoners on death row captured by the World Business Alliance! They've committed all kinds of evil and should be punished with death by a thousand cuts. Today, I'll use their lifespan as a small gift from the General Commerce Alliance to all martial artists! "Shi Kefan's fat body leaped up after he finished speaking.
At the same time, a huge drum appeared above the warriors' heads.
"It's the World Business Alliance's Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth!"
"I live in Tianqi City and can occasionally hear the sound of drums, but this is the first time I've seen the real thing!"
"Their lifespans? What does that mean? "
In the midst of this heated discussion, Shi Kefan had already stood on top of the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi drum, lifting up the 20 foot long drumstick!
The 50,000 jin drumstick was like a small wooden stick in Shi Kefan's hands. He waved the drumstick, drawing an arc in the air and heavily striking the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi drum.
"Dong!"
An extremely dull sound burst out from the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth!
The moment Shi Kefan hit the drum, an invisible wave enveloped the warriors under the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth. At the same time, a whirlpool appeared under the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth.
The warriors with handcuffs and shackles shriveled at a visible speed in an instant. The Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth had been swallowed by the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth!
Soon, a golden light shone from the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth, covering the surroundings!
The people closest to the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth were from the Cloud Hall, Void Spirit Sect, Cui Xie, and other large sects. The people from these large sects had absorbed more than half of the golden light.
Next were Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and other warriors who had passed the outer examination.
"This golden light can increase lifespan?" When the golden light spread towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng also absorbed a lot of it. He suddenly felt refreshed, as if his entire body was filled with vitality.
Although there was a lot of golden light, it was very thin by the time it spread to the spectator stands of the Martial Arts Conference.
However, no one was willing to miss this opportunity. The hundreds of thousands of warriors who were spectators also greedily absorbed the golden light. However, when the golden light spread to their side, it was already very thin. There were too many monks and too little gruel, so it was instantly sucked dry. On average, the amount of golden light absorbed by each person was not even one ten-thousandth of Luo Zheng's.
When the golden light was completely absorbed, everyone looked down at the bottom of the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi drum. The condemned prisoners were still standing in their original positions, but their bodies were all shriveled up and their skin was pale. They had already turned into dried corpses …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 470
The world of martial artists was just that cruel.
A Xiantian Realm martial artist was considered a figure in some corner of the Eastern Region, and a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was an overlord.
However, these hundreds of martial artists were nothing more than a gluttonous feast for the many experts in Tianqi City.
After beating the drum, Shi Kefan casually threw the drumstick aside and returned to his seat, stuffing his bloated body into the spacious chair.
At this moment, the entire venue was silent. Most people were still immersed in the special pleasure brought by the golden light!
Shi Kefan waited for a moment before he channeled his True Essence into his voice and said to everyone present, "Before the martial arts conference begins, I want to tell everyone something. I hope everyone can spread this news!"
When everyone heard this sentence that came out of nowhere, they were all stunned.
Shi Kefan then said, "Someone in the World Business Alliance has already calculated that the ninth Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb has been born."
When everyone heard this, they were silent for a moment. Then, there was an uproar and they began to discuss again.
"The Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb? The Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb that was lit during the Lantern Festival? The last one has also been born? "
"Oh my god, I thought that the last Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb hadn't been lit for thousands of years. I didn't expect it to be born now!"
"How did they calculate it?"
"Haven't you heard that a person who lives for thousands of years becomes a demon? There's an ancient giant in the World Business Alliance! It's most likely that he calculated it! "
There was a Lantern Festival in the Central Domain every year. Ordinary people would decorate the streets with lanterns and decorations and release sky lanterns. They would also buy many small lanterns for children and walk the streets. It was very lively.
For ordinary people, it was just a festive festival.
But for martial artists, it was definitely not a simple festival. The so-called Lantern Festival was the lighting of the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb.
Who knew how many Lantern Festivals had been held every year. Who would have thought that the last Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb would be born today?
"The friend who got the last lamp, if you're ready, you can light up the lamp in the tomb during this year's Lantern Lighting Festival. We'll enter the tomb together and take what we need!" Shi Kefan's words were directed at the person who obtained the last Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb. Because he didn't know who this person was, Shi Kefan could only hope that the martial artists of the world would spread the news to each other. He believed that it would eventually reach the ears of the person who obtained the ninth Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb.
However, whether that person knew how to light up the lantern or not, no one knew. After all, this martial artist's strength was very low, and he simply did not have the opportunity to enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb.
At this time, Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's eyes unexpectedly met.
The Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb had been obtained from the Demon Blood Emperor's last black box. Ning Yudie had brought the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritance back to the Cloud Hall, but she had not revealed the matter of the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb to anyone else. This was a secret that only the two of them knew.
Luo Zheng's gaze was extremely complicated. The Firmament Immortal Tomb was an Immortal's tomb after all. The things inside were definitely important. Moreover, this Firmament Immortal Tomb was very likely related to the mysterious Immortal Abode in the Eastern Region. Luo Zheng had to explore it.
But right now, the most important thing for Luo Zheng was the Martial Arts Conference in front of him!
The two of them looked at each other. Ning Yudie blinked and looked away unnaturally. She didn't know why, but she felt that it was difficult to face Luo Zheng.
"That's right! This old man also has a Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb! I also hope that all the Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Tomb will be lit at the same time during this year's Lantern Festival! If the martial artists of our Central Domain can divide the inheritance of Immortal Tian Miao, our overall strength will definitely rise to another level! Haha! "Cui Xie's heroic voice rang out.
Up until now, no one knew who had the nine Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Tomb.
No martial artist dared to announce this matter to the public. They all kept it as a secret, afraid that others would find out.
Cui Xie, on the other hand, openly admitted it!
All the martial artists in the world knew that one of the Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Tomb was in this old man's hands. When I enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb in the future, I will definitely have a share.
This was the confidence that came with strength! As the number one martial artist of the Central Domain, who would dare to have any ideas about him?
After Shi Kefan made the announcement, the three chairs sank down, and the three leaders of the World Business Alliance landed on the stage.
At this time, the mustached Elder Xiao slowly walked to the top of the stage. He was the referee for today's Martial Arts Conference.
"I hereby announce that the Martial Arts Conference in Heavenly Awakening City has officially begun!"
Following Elder Xiao's order, four men carried a green jade platform. The jade platform was exquisitely carved, and there were dragons and phoenixes engraved on top of it.
The four men carried the jade platform and flew towards the other stages. After that, they asked the Sect Leaders to throw their nameplates into the jade platform. In fact, the jade platform was a lottery box!
The disciples of the Void Spirit Sect, Blood Wood Cliff, Cloud Hall, Dark Yin Mansion, and other fourth grade sects all threw their nameplates into the jade platform.
When the jade platform arrived at Cui Xie's high platform, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly as he stared intently at that direction.
When he saw the Mid Divine Core girl throw her nameplate into the jade platform, he immediately felt relieved. His guess was right, she was Si Miaoling! What Luo Zheng feared the most was that Si Miaoling suddenly decided not to participate in the Martial Arts Conference. If that happened, there would be no chance for him!
Besides Si Miaoling, the young man who looked similar to Cui Xie had also thrown his nameplate into the jade platform.
After all the disciples from the fourth grade sects and the Void Spirit Sect had thrown their nameplates into the jade platform, it was the turn of the outer disciples.
Luo Zheng and the other disciples had handed their nameplates to the Sect Elder of the World Business Alliance. Therefore, the Sect Elder threw all their nameplates into the jade platform.
Amongst the over 30 disciples who had passed the outer disciple competition, Luo Zheng's identity was the most unique. He had passed the inner disciple competition as an independent warrior, and at the same time, he was a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall …
After collecting all the nameplates, the jade platform hovered in the air above the stage.
The first match was the opening match of the Martial Arts Conference. Naturally, it would attract a lot of attention. Everyone stretched their necks and stared at the jade platform.
Elder Xiao flew to the side of the jade platform and lightly tapped on it.
"Bang!"
The jade platform shook. Then, two nameplates flew out from the jade platform.
Elder Xiao picked up the two nameplates and glanced at them. Then, he announced, "The opening match is between the independent warrior Zhao Dun and the disciple of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, Yu Fei!"
"Zhao Dun? The Divine Walker Zhao Dun who once ventured into the Chaotic Astral Ocean alone? "
"That's him. Even False Tribulation Realm experts don't dare to venture into the Chaotic Astral Ocean. However, not only did Zhao Dun escape unscathed, but he also gained a lot from that trip! Zhao Dun also benefited from it! "
"Yu Fei from the Mysterious Yin Mansion? Who's that? I've never heard of him! I don't think he's a match for Zhao Dun! "
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was both good and evil. It was secretive and strange. Although everyone knew that it was a fourth grade sect that couldn't be ignored, most of its disciples were not famous. Therefore, none of the hundreds of thousands of people present had ever heard of Yu Fei.
Hearing these discussions, the Mysterious Yin Old Man sat on an armchair. He looked very old, but there was a faint light in his eyes. "Yu Fei, go. Since you're lucky enough to participate in the opening match, you must see blood. Let's make a bet. Kill him!"
Not far from the Mysterious Yin Old Man, an ordinary-looking young man nodded. He jumped down from the high platform and entered the arena.
The Martial Arts Conference was not a sect competition. It was a life or death battle. Every warrior had to display their full strength. In this kind of place, no one would be merciful, because being merciful to others was being cruel to oneself.
"Buzz …"
A green light curtain rose from outside the huge arena. This layer of barrier not only enveloped the entire arena, but also divided the arena into two halves. Before the battle began, the light curtain in the middle separated the two cultivators.
After Yu Fei entered the arena, the independent warrior named Zhao Dun also entered the arena.
There was no salute, no words. The two were like caged beasts. The moment the barrier in the middle was removed, the fight would begin.
"Buzz …"

Chapter 471
Independent warriors cultivated all kinds of skills, and although their grades weren't high, they were always full of strange skills.
Just like Zhao Dun, he didn't rely on any sect, but he was still able to travel freely in the Central Domain and make a name for himself. He had even ventured into the Chaotic Astral Ocean and escaped unscathed. Although the depth he went into the Chaotic Astral Ocean wasn't the same as those Void Tribulation warriors, it was still very rare for a Divine Core warrior to do so.
While Zhao Dun was sprinting forward, a yellow colored True Yuan condensed in front of him and formed into a thick shield, wrapping around him.
The reason why Zhao Dun was called 'Divine Walker' was because he cultivated a strange movement technique called 'Traceless Snowsteps'. It allowed him to come and go without leaving a trace behind, and it allowed him to run at an incredible speed. Using this movement technique, Zhao Dun would launch a series of attacks that would tire his opponent out, and he would win the battle in the end.
This was Zhao Dun's usual technique, and it had worked wonders in many battles.
Although this Yu Fei wasn't famous, he was still a disciple of the Dark Yin Dojo. Although Zhao Dun was confident in his abilities, he didn't want to be careless. He attacked with all his strength. To reach the Divine Core realm as an independent warrior, not only did he need talent, he also needed a heart that was good at seeing through the truth.
With his pale face, Yu Fei stared at Zhao Dun who was approaching him with an indifferent expression.
"The Dojo Master said that we need to see some blood in the first round. I'm sorry, but I'll have to borrow your blood …" A cruel smile suddenly appeared on Yu Fei's ordinary face. He crossed his fingers and gently pulled. Several strands of black silk were pulled out at the same time. Then, the black silk slithered towards Zhao Dun like small snakes.
Zhao Dun was cultivating an Earth element skill, and he was good at defense. The yellow colored True Yuan shield had an incredible defensive strength, and it was impossible for ordinary attacks to break through. However, the black threads in Yu Fei's hand penetrated through the shield without any resistance, and wrapped around Zhao Dun's body.
His arms, abdomen, head, and legs were all wrapped up by the black threads.
A smile emerged on Yu Fei's face. At the same time, his voice became louder, "Bloom into a beautiful flower!" After saying that, Yu Fei crossed his fingers and pulled.
"Puchi!"
The black threads suddenly tightened, and a copious amount of scarlet blood spurted out from Zhao Dun's sturdy body.
Specks of blood splattered in several directions along his body, forming messy bloodstains on the ground. From afar, it looked like a blooming blood-colored rose …
When the blood ran out, Zhao Dun's body was scattered all over the ground. He couldn't be more dead.
Seeing such a bloody scene, the hundreds of thousands of warriors at the Martial Arts Conference fell silent.
The warriors who had rushed to participate in the Martial Arts Conference were basically prepared to face death. However, no one had expected this scene to come so quickly and with such a strong impact. Even many warriors who had been licking blood off their blades felt extremely uncomfortable when they saw this scene.
In the arena, life and death were up to fate. The rules of the Martial Arts Conference were not unfamiliar to the warriors of the Central Domain.
However, if there wasn't any great enmity between them, they wouldn't kill the other party like this.
Many warriors looked at the ordinary-looking Yu Fei with vigilance in their eyes. This disciple of the Mysterious Yin Mansion was too ruthless.
"Yu Fei of the Mysterious Yin Mansion wins!" Old Xiao announced. Then he waved his hand, and people from the World Business Alliance came to clean up the arena.
The first round of the opening battle ended in a single move. Everyone's impression of Zhao Dun wasn't his powerful cultivation method or his monstrous talent. The only thing they remembered was the bloody scene!
Yu Fei returned to the high platform. The Mysterious Yin Old Man nodded slightly, "Yu Fei, you did well. I'll give you ten years of freedom."
Hearing the Mysterious Yin Old Man's words, Yu Fei's ordinary-looking face revealed a pleasantly surprised expression, "Thank you, Master!"
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was a very unique Sect. For the disciples of the Sect, the most important reward was freedom! The Mysterious Yin Mansion was very strict with its disciples. From the first day they entered the Mysterious Yin Mansion, they would be implanted with the Yin Corpse Talisman. This Yin Corpse Talisman was extremely insidious. One year after the talisman was implanted, the Yin Qi would enter the warrior's body through the Yin Corpse Talisman. The warrior's body would fester bit by bit, and he would die a miserable death.
Unless one could break through to the False Tribulation Realm, there was no way to remove the Yin Corpse Talisman. In order to prevent the Yin Corpse Talisman from flaring up, the disciples of the Mysterious Yin Mansion would be given a Entering Flame Pill every year. As long as one swallowed the Entering Flame Pill, the Yin Corpse Talisman would not flare up.
Because of this, the disciples of the Mysterious Yin Mansion rarely walked outside. Even if they went out to carry out a mission, they had to return to the Mysterious Yin Mansion before the Yin Corpse Talisman flared up.
The reason the Mysterious Yin Old Man gave Yu Fei ten years of freedom was to reward him with ten Entering Flame Pills. This would allow Yu Fei to live a carefree life for ten years.
Looking at the scene in front of him, Luo Zheng's eyes shone brightly. It was just as Ning Yudie had said. Although the rewards of the Martial Arts Conference were generous, if one was careless, they would have to pay with their lives. In comparison, the internal fights of the sect seemed incomparably warm.
But it's also good. Only in this way can I have a chance to kill Si Miaoling, Luo Zheng thought indifferently.
After the opening battle, Elder Xiao once again shot a stream of True Essence at the jade platform.
"Bang!"
After the jade platform shook for a while, two nameplates popped out.
Elder Xiao waved his hand and the two nameplates flew towards him. He saw the name on one of the nameplates and glanced at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped. Was it his turn to go on stage so soon? In the second round of drawing lots, it was his turn.
Elder Xiao had indeed drawn Luo Zheng's nameplate, but he was a bit hesitant. How should he introduce Luo Zheng?
Generally, the disciples who participated in the Outer Trial were independent martial artists. Even if they belonged to a sect, they were only third-grade sects or second-grade sects, or even from a small family. The World Business Alliance classified sects below fourth-grade as independent martial artists.
However, Luo Zheng was a disciple from the Cloud Hall, so he was a bit uncertain. In the end, Elder Xiao sent a True Essence transmission to the Alliance Master Shi Kefan, asking how he should introduce him.
"Read it. Why isn't the referee reading the name list?"
"He's dragging his feet. What the hell is he doing?"
"Are we going to fight or not? I like to see rivers of blood. It's best if it's bloody!"
After receiving Shi Kefan's instructions, Elder Xiao nodded and then read aloud, "Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng versus independent martial artist, Gongsun Zhen!"
"It's really me!" When Elder Xiao had looked at him, Luo Zheng had been guessing this possibility. He hadn't expected that it would be his turn to fight in the second round.
What was to come would come. Luo Zheng didn't show the slightest bit of fear. He strode toward the arena.
At the same time, another independent warrior followed behind Luo Zheng and walked up to the arena.
Seeing this scene, many martial artists were a bit confused. When they heard the words "Cloud Hall", they all looked at the Cloud Hall on the high platform. This time, the Cloud Hall had five spots and brought five martial artists. However, Elder Xiao had clearly called out one of them, but the other five didn't move at all. Instead, two martial artists walked out from the independent martial artist side.
"What's going on? How come the Cloud Hall's disciple walked out from the independent martial artist side? "
"Wait, are my eyes playing tricks on me? I just didn't notice. This kid is … at the Divine Reflection Realm?"
"He is indeed at the Divine Reflection Realm, and he's only at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm … fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm! How did he pass the outer circle test?! "
Those who were able to pass the outer circle test were all powerful warriors with some fame. For example, Gongsun Zhen was actually the eldest son of a third rank family in Tianqi City, the Gongsun family! The Gongsun family had a very close relationship with the World Business Alliance.
As for Luo Zheng, he hadn't been in the Central Domain for long, and he had been cultivating ever since he entered the Cloud Hall. Therefore, besides Mo Yuezhang and a few other people from the World Business Alliance who knew about him, no one else had heard of him.
Luo Zheng had been standing in the middle of the crowd, and everyone's attention was focused on the disciples from those big sects. Therefore, no one noticed that there was a Divine Reflection Realm warrior among the group of Divine Core warriors.

Chapter 472
Not only the warriors below the stage, even the disciples from the fourth rank sects on the stage had strange expressions on their faces.
A disciple from the Cloud Hall? He came in through the entrance exam? And he was only at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm? What the hell was going on?
"Fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, I think he'll be killed the moment he enters the stage …" A Divine Core disciple from the Black Wood Cliff rubbed his nose and said with a smile, "Too bad he didn't pick me, or else this fight would have been much easier!"
"That's right, a Divine Reflection young man like him won't be able to last more than one round." Another disciple from the Black Wood Cliff said with a regretful expression.
On the Void Spirit Sect's stage, six Divine Core disciples were sitting cross-legged.
The Void Spirit Sect had always had strict rules. Even though they were watching from the side, all of them had to keep their backs straight and their expressions serious.
Among the six disciples, the youngest disciple was only 15 years old, and he still had a childish look on his face. Among all the warriors who participated in the Martial Dao Competition, his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base might not be the lowest, but he was the youngest.
"Eldest senior brother, eldest senior brother," He blinked his eyes and shouted, "Didn't you say I have the lowest cultivation base in this Martial Dao Competition? Look, that guy's cultivation base is lower than mine! "
The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect sitting in front of him also focused his gaze on Luo Zheng. "I don't understand why a Fourth Level Divine Reflection Realm martial artist would suddenly appear. However, you must remember to never judge your opponent's strength based on their cultivation on the surface. Little Jie, you are also at the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm, but no one dares to treat you as a Divine Reflection martial artist."
"En, I understand." Little Jie nodded his head, "I don't think he's as strong as me! Even two months ago, when I was still at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, he shouldn't have been able to defeat me! "
Little Jie stared at Luo Zheng with a confident smile on his face.
If anyone else heard what Little Jie said, they would be extremely shocked. Cultivating from the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm to the Divine Reflection realm in just two months … this kind of talent was simply unbelievable.
The eldest senior brother shook his head with a smile on his face. It seemed like Little Jie was still holding a grudge against Luo Zheng's cultivation base.
In the Central Domain, geniuses were usually divided into four levels: Saint, Heaven, Earth, and Human.
To be able to become an elite disciple of a Fourth Grade Sect, one's talent was generally considered to be a Human Grade Genius or an Earth Grade Genius.
If one was evaluated as a heaven grade genius, then it would be enough for a large sect to nurture them wholeheartedly. This was because a disciple with heaven grade talent would very likely grow into a core member of a sect in the future.
As for Saint level geniuses, as long as they didn't fall, it was a given that they would become an Elder of a large sect. If they worked hard, it was even possible for them to become a Sect Master.
But Lil 'Jie's talent was even stronger. His talent surpassed that of a Saint! In the history of the Central Domain, there had never been such a talented disciple. He could be considered a god-level genius!
Even though his senior disciple was a Mid Divine Core warrior with a Saint talent, he still didn't have the confidence to defeat Young Jie, who was a Divine Reflection warrior! Even the Sect Leader asserted that as long as Little Jie didn't fall, he would definitely become an emperor in the future!
The so-called emperors here were not referring to the kingdoms of the mortal world! They were referring to the strength that allowed him to establish a 'Sacred Land' or 'Divine Kingdom'!
"If you're not convinced, you can challenge him after you get the challenge token." The senior disciple said with a smile.
Young Jie let out a sigh. "Sigh … let's see if he can hold on until then …"
In this Martial Dao Competition, from the opening match to the next round, the winner of each match would be able to draw a token. They would be able to draw the Exemption Token and the Challenge Token.
The Exemption Token would allow the winner to avoid a fight, and the Challenge Token would allow the winner to issue a challenge and choose the target of the challenge.
But, when it was Young Jie's turn, he had lost count of how many matches he had fought. In Young Jie's opinion, with Luo Zheng's strength, he would be either dead or disabled by then.
The five disciples from the Cloud Hall were having a strange feeling.
The five disciples arranged by the Cloud Hall this time were naturally the elites of the Cloud Hall. Among the five, Zong Mo Xie and Xuanyuan Xiao were the leaders.
When they heard the words "Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng", they all turned to look at the Hall Master, Ning Yudie. However, Ning Yudie's face seemed to be shrouded in a layer of icy mist, and they couldn't see what she looked like.
Since they couldn't get an answer from Ning Yudie, they could only discuss it among themselves.
"Strange, why would a Cloud Hall disciple appear among the independent fighters? Luo Zheng, who is he? "Zong Mo Xie said, puzzled.
Xuanyuan Xiao casually sat on the edge of the high platform and smiled faintly. "Mo Xie, you've been out for more than half a year. Haven't you heard that our Cloud Hall has an extremely arrogant kid? When he was still a Xiantian lifeform, he wanted to single-handedly overthrow the entire Elite Hall. "
"Oh? Really? "Zong Mo's Evil Deities expression became even more strange.
"That's right. With his Xiantian cultivation base, this kid continuously fought all the disciples from the Elite Hall. I didn't expect him to break through to the Divine Reflection realm in less than half a year. I wonder if his true combat strength has increased along with his cultivation base." Xuanyuan Xiao said with an indifferent tone.
Zong Mo Xie looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. "I hope so. No matter what, he is still a disciple from our Cloud Hall. If he is defeated in the first round, or even crippled by someone, it will bring shame to our Cloud Hall."
Under everyone's gazes, Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage.
Compared to the Rising Dragon Arena, killing Si Miaoling was Luo Zheng's top priority.
Si Miaoling was a Mid Divine Core warrior, and if Luo Zheng wanted to kill her, he had to catch her off guard. Therefore, Luo Zheng had to conceal his true strength in the previous battles.
After Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, the independent warrior, Gongsun Zhen, also stepped onto the stage.
When Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, it immediately caused a heated discussion among the crowd. After all, with his cultivation base, it was indeed a hot topic to talk about.
However, when Gongsun Zhen stepped onto the stage, some of the warriors on the spectator stand immediately became excited.
There was no other reason. Although all the warriors in the Central Domain wanted to come to Tianqi City to watch the Martial Dao Competition, at least half of them were from Tianqi City.
As for Gongsun Zhen, he was from the Gongsun family, a third ranked family in Tianqi City. He was a native warrior of Tianqi City, and he was fighting in Tianqi City.
"Gongsun Zhen's luck is really good, he's going to fight a fourth level Divine Reflection young man in the second round!"
"Our Gongsun Zhen is a lucky star! I believe he will be able to enter the top 10 of the Martial Dao Competition, and receive a great reward from the World Business Alliance! "
"Gongsun Zhen is a disciple raised by the Gongsun family, and he is a Heavenly rank genius. Even in a fourth ranked sect, he will be a core disciple. He is not any weaker than those warriors from those big sects on the stage!"
"Kill that fourth level Divine Reflection young man! Don't give face to the Cloud Hall, I want to see blood!"
Amidst the heated discussion, a smile emerged on Gongsun Zhen's face. This was the advantage of fighting in Tianqi City. Most of the warriors on the spectator stand were on his side, and this would bring great pressure to his opponent.
However, in this battle, Gongsun Zhen didn't need to give his opponent such pressure, because his opponent was just too weak …
Gongsun Zhen took out two swords from his Sumeru Ring. One was green, and the other was gold. Both were mid immortal ranked swords.
Looking at the two swords, Luo Zheng raised his brows slightly. "Dual Sword Style?"
Among swordsmen, there were very few who used dual swords. Up until now, Luo Zheng had only seen Sky Peak's Zhu Tian use it.
The advantage of dual sword style was obvious. With a sword in each hand, the swordsmanship of dual sword style could display greater power! However, the disadvantage was also great. After all, the path of the sword pursued the pinnacle of sword intent. Using dual swords to sharpen one's sword intent would increase the difficulty by several times. This was also the reason why most swordsmen gave up dual sword style.
"Oh, you also know about dual sword style?" Gongsun Zhen smiled faintly. The purple and gold swords in his hands swayed slightly, blossoming into golden sword flowers.
Hearing Gongsun Zhen's words, Luo Zheng showed a noncommittal expression. He never minded others looking down on him, because such people would eventually pay the price with their lives.
"Although your cultivation is very low, don't expect me to let you go, and don't expect me to underestimate you." Gongsun Zhen continued, pointing his two swords at Luo Zheng. "As the saying goes, even a lion uses its full strength to catch a rabbit. Since you have stepped onto this stage, you should be prepared to die, right?"
(Supplement to yesterday's update)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 473
Even the small Luo Family, which had no rank, had so many disputes.
Moreover, Gongsun Zhen had grown up in a third-rank family.
Even if Gongsun Zhen had Heaven Grade talent, if he didn't work hard in his family, he would still be eliminated. The Gongsun Family was a large family. If one wanted to stand out in such a family, they needed to rely not only on talent, but also hard work.
Therefore, even if Gongsun Yan felt that Luo Zheng was very weak, he still wouldn't let his guard down. The number of martial artists who had been killed because of carelessness was enough to fill the Book of Life and Death of the King of Hell. What kind of person was Gongsun Yan? How could he fall into such a trap?
Hearing Gongsun Zhen's words, Luo Zheng's bright eyes flashed. He smiled and said, "Not bad."
"What do you mean?" Gongsun Zhen didn't understand Luo Zheng's praise.
"You understand the principle of a lion hunting a rabbit. You're smarter than those idiots, so you're qualified to be my opponent." Luo Zheng continued to smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Gongsun Zhen was stunned.
He had expected Luo Zheng to say something to show his weakness, such as showing mercy, or even directly begging for mercy. If Gongsun Zhen was in a good mood, he could spare Luo Zheng's life.
He hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would directly jump out and say such words. The huge contrast made Gongsun Zhen unable to accept it.
Arrogant people often had their own reasons and strength to be arrogant, but what did this kid have? No matter how he looked at it, a fourth-tier Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was just a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.
Gongsun Zhen could accept being looked down upon by an expert. In the world of martial artists, whoever had the biggest fist was right. He deserved to be looked down upon for being weak, but to be looked down upon by a weakling … Gongsun Zhen couldn't accept it.
"Did you hear that? A fourth-tier Divine Reflection Realm kid actually said Gongsun Yan was qualified to be his opponent! "
"This is the funniest joke I've ever heard in my life …"
"Since when was it a Divine Reflection Realm junior's turn to brag in the Martial Arts Tournament?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the local martial artists of Tianqi City began to clamor. For a moment, all kinds of nonsense was heard.
Gongsun Zhen's face was full of anger. "Very good, you've angered me with one sentence. Since that's the case, prepare yourself to be baptized by my anger!"
Weng …
Two medium-grade immortal rank swords, one blue and one and one gold, swords.
At that moment, the barrier between the two of them disappeared.
The battle began …
"One move, die's die! I'll show you what perfect Sword Sword... "
Gongsun Zhen. Zhen's Wo,,,, was, but '''s,,,, and, Gsun Zhen's..... a!
Wielding Sword Sword.
In ancient times, there was a story of Gongsun Zhen performing a sword dance that shocked the audience. This technique that Gongsun Zhen practiced was passed down from generation to generation in the Gongsun Family!
Being able to temper two types of perfect Sword Intent was sufficient to prove that Gongsun Zhen's natural talent in the Sword Dao was shocking. Gongsun Zhen moved according to a certain pattern, and he glided extremely gracefully as he slashed his swords towards Luo Zheng!
"This is a sword dance as well! It's extremely profound, but it's still inferior to Yao Ye's sword dance. Not to mention that it's really awkward for a man to wield a sword! "Luo Zheng's body suddenly started to move.
At the instant that Luo Zheng's body moved, his Stellar Essence swiftly erupted as well!
Actually, body refiners and True Essence overlapped in many ways. For example, body refiners were able to take form with Stellar Essence when they reached the later stages of their cultivation. However, that wasn't the advantage of Stellar Essence! The greatest advantage of Stellar Essence over True Essence was its explosive speed!
True Essence was gathered in the Dantian of the human body, and cultivators had to extract True Essence from the Dantian when they utilized it.
However, Stellar Essence was distributed throughout the body, so its explosive speed was much faster than True Essence. At the same time, its explosive strength was much more ferocious. However, the cultivator's body was required to be even stronger in order to endure the explosive force of Stellar Essence! Of course, this wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng.
When Stellar Essence erupted from Luo Zheng's entire body, his body was enveloped in a layer of faint golden light. He was like a nimble little mink in the face of Gongsun Zhen's sword dance, quickly retreating while dodging Gongsun Yan's twin swords.
"Escape? I won't let you escape. I don't believe in Gongsun, hahaha …. "Gongsun Zhen had already completely entered the zone. The specialty of the Gongsun Sword Dance was that it was endless, and each move was stronger than the last!
Therefore, Gongsun Zhen was most afraid that his opponent would fight him head on from the very beginning. If that happened, he wouldn't be able to unleash the full might of the Gongsun Sword Dance. Deal with Luo Zheng? There was obviously no need for that!
The cultivators in the spectator's stands instantly clamored when they saw Luo Zheng retreat step by step.
"Force him into a corner. Let's see how he'll dodge!"
"He can't escape. Once he's caught by Gongsun Zhen's sword dance, he'll have no choice but to fight him head on!"
"But Gongsun Zhen has two types of perfect sword intents. This Luo Zheng hasn't even taken out a weapon. Is he going to fight with his fists? I'm afraid the sword intents will tear him to pieces before he can even get close! "
Gongsun Zhen's sword dance became increasingly stable, and his moves became increasingly powerful.
"Against Beauty in the Shadows!"
"Dazzling Beauty!"
"Bright Moon in the Sky!"
The names of these sword moves were derived from the dance steps, so they were very poetic. But beneath this poetic feeling, there were layers upon layers of killing intent.
"Die! You have nowhere to run!" After several moves, Gongsun Zhen finally forced Luo Zheng into a corner. "Even if you kneel and beg for mercy, it's useless! Full Moon Flower! "
As he spoke, Gongsun Zhen's twin swords slashed out in two semicircles, merging together to form a perfect full moon!
Dang dang dang dang dang dang …
When Gongsun Zhen's ultimate sword intent strangled Luo Zheng's body, countless crisp sounds rang out.
The sharp perfect sword intent could only leave white marks on Luo Zheng's skin. Then, Luo Zheng pinched Gongsun Zhen's two swords, one green and one gold, with incomparable precision.
"Huh?" Gongsun Zhen obviously didn't react. His eyes stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who was right in front of him.
The numerous cultivators in the stands were also stunned …
Luo Zheng used his physical body to resist Gongsun Zhen's perfect sword intent and pinched his two swords?
Pa! Pa!
Pa! Two crisp sounds rang out. Gongsun Zhen's two swords were instantly broken by Luo Zheng's bare hands! These swords were middle-grade immortal weapons!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's fist suddenly imprinted on Gongsun Zhen's chest!
"Pfff …"
When Gongsun Zhen was sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch, he also spat out a large mouthful of blood, leaving behind a trail of blood that was more than ten feet long in the center of the arena.
Finally, his entire body fiercely crashed into the edge of the arena. He lay motionless on the ground, almost losing half of his life.
Luo Zheng didn't choose to kill because there was no need to. Moreover, his goal in participating in this Martial Arts Conference was to kill Si Miaoling. Before this, no matter how much Luo Zheng hid his strength, some of his trump cards would still be exposed.
If he showed too much bloodlust, it might alert Si Miaoling!
In the stands, the native martial artists of Heavenly Awakening City were all deathly silent. Because the situation had reversed too quickly, they hadn't been able to react. In fact, even Gongsun Zhen hadn't been able to react. Before he fainted, he still hadn't figured out what had gone wrong with him.
What Gongsun Zhen didn't know was that it wasn't something that went wrong with him. It was just that he was too weak and Luo Zheng was too strong …
On the high platform, Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect blinked and said, "Eldest Senior Brother, he's really strong! When I was at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection Realm, I probably couldn't beat him. "
The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect shook his head and said, "It's not the same. I didn't expect that even I would be wrong. Luo Zheng used Vital Essence just now. He's actually a body cultivator. Perhaps he has some kind of secret technique that allowed him to break Gongsun Zhen's sword intent without warning and achieve this result … If I remember correctly, Xiao Jie, when you were at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection Realm, you had already comprehended half of the Law of Space, right? He shouldn't have been a match for you at that time. "
If news of a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator being able to comprehend half of the first level of the Law of Space spread out, Daoist Master Dameng of the Cloud Hall and the other old monsters in the False Tribulation Realm would probably find a piece of tofu and kill themselves.
"Not necessarily …" Xiao Jie had a very accurate estimation of his own strength.
The eldest senior brother continued, "Xiao Jie, you're the most talented person in the history of the Central Domain. You're also the only god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect. Don't compare yourself to someone like Luo Zheng, lest you damage your martial heart."

Chapter 474
"This guy? Little Jie, you're being presumptuous again. Luo Zheng is older than you. Don't be rude, "Taoist Priest Qingxu, who had been silent with his eyes closed, suddenly said.
The Void Spirit School attached great importance to etiquette and restricted the words and deeds of its disciples. Hearing Taoist Priest Qingxu's words, Little Jie blushed and said in a low voice, "Master, you're right. I know I was wrong."
"As a body refiner, Luo Zheng was able to cultivate his body refinement technique to such an extent that he was able to withstand a perfect sword intent with his physical body … However, this cannot be underestimated," Taoist Master Qing Xu said faintly.
One of the Seven Masters of Void Spirit said again, "The warriors in our Central Domain mainly cultivate the Vital Essence system. I've never seen such a strong Body Refining Practitioner. There doesn't seem to be any strong Body Refining Technique in the Cloud Hall. I don't know how this guy cultivates."
"Hmm?" Taoist Priest Qingxu frowned again when he heard the words "this guy".
Although the Seven Masters of Void Spirit were the core figures of the Void Spirit School, they also had to abide by the commandment of the Void Spirit School, which was not to use vulgar language …
"Sorry, sorry …" Seeing that the Master was unhappy, one of the Seven Masters of Void Spirit also said repeatedly.
"No wonder he could pass the Outer Test with such a low cultivation. It turns out that he is a Body Refining Practitioner!"
"I've never heard of a Body Refining Practitioner being so powerful! I've seen many Body Refining Practitioners, and the strongest among them is no match for an ordinary warrior in the Divine Reflection Realm. How can this guy burst out such power? "
"Acupoints, how many acupoints has he opened? Dozens of acupoints? "
The most important thing for Body Refining was to open acupoints.
The body refinement system wasn't popular in the central territory, so up until now, no one had been able to open all 108 acupoints. Of course, Luo Zheng had done it now, and it had only taken him a few days.
"This guy has cultivated the Body Refining Technique to this level in just a few days?" Ning Yudie's eyes flashed with a touch of astonishment.
A few days ago, when she was secretly watching Luo Zheng, she discovered that he was indeed refining his body. She didn't expect that in just a few days, he could refine his body to such a degree. Even Ning Yudie had never heard of such a thing!
Ning Yudie naturally could not imagine that Luo Zheng's body had been tempered by the Red Dragon's special method of using the Primordial Celestial Aura to refine Luo Zheng's body. The Red Dragon had also used the purest power of thunder and fire to temper Luo Zheng's acupoints. This kind of unique advantage was something that even the great forces of the Upper Realm did not have! That was why he was able to achieve such a miraculous speed.
"In the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng wins!"
After Elder Xiao's announcement, people from the World Business Alliance came up to clean up the bloodstains on the arena. Then, they carried the half-dead Gong Sunzhen away.
In the stands, Gongsun Zhen and his family were staring at Luo Zheng viciously, as if they wanted to kill Luo Zheng with their gazes.
Feeling the intense killing intent, Luo Zheng looked back indifferently, but he did not care at all.
"According to the rules, Luo Zheng, you can draw a card!"
As soon as Elder Xiao finished speaking, someone carried a box over and placed it in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng reached into the box and took it out. After opening it, he saw the words "Exempt" written on the small wooden card.
"This is the Exempt Card. If you are drawn to fight again and you don't want to fight, this Exempt Card can exempt you from the fight once," Elder Xiao explained to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. He had only drawn the Exempt Card the first time. If he had drawn the Challenge Card, he could have directly challenged Si Miaoling.
However, on second thought, even if Luo Zheng had drawn the Challenge Card, he would not challenge Si Miaoling immediately. If his method was too obvious, Cui Xie might see through it.
After putting down the first waiver card, Luo Zheng walked over to the side of the independent warriors.
At this moment, Ning Yudie's indifferent voice floated over. "Luo Zheng, you are a disciple of the Cloud Hall. You don't have to go over there."
The Cloud Hall had an independent high platform next to the fighting arena. Everyone knew that Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Cloud Hall. If Luo Zheng still stood on the independent fighters' side, it would not look good. It would make it seem as if Luo Zheng had some conflicts with the Cloud Hall, which would make outsiders see the effect.
Luo Zheng had no conflicts with the Cloud Hall, but he had some conflicts with Ning Yudie …
Ning Yudie strongly disapproved of his participation in the Martial Arts Conference. Therefore, when he heard Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng looked back at Ning Yudie. "I entered the inner competition after passing the outer competition. I think it's better for me to stand on that side!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng walked towards the independent fighters' side platform without looking back.
Ning Yudie's incomparably beautiful face was slightly embarrassed. Even though she was young and looked like a little girl in the eyes of many old monsters, she was still the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall! The Hall Master of the top Sect in the Central Domain …
She had lost a lot of face.
Ning Yudie still used a little bit of ice fog to cover herself. Her face could not be seen clearly, but it could be seen that her body was slightly stiff and unnatural.
"This stinking brat!" Cloud Hall's Zong Mo Xie's face was gloomy. Just a moment ago, he treated Luo Zheng as one of his own. He did not expect that this brat would not even give face to the Hall Master.
Ning Yudie was a goddess in the eyes of many Cloud Hall disciples, and even in the eyes of many fighters in the Central Domain.
It would be a lie to say that they did not admire her. However, most of the disciples just hid this feeling in the depths of their hearts. After all, whether it was strength or status, the difference was too big. How could they dare to show it?
Now, Luo Zheng jumped out, and he was even a disciple of their Cloud Hall. He actually dared to humiliate Ning Yudie in front of everyone. How could the disciples of the Cloud Hall tolerate this?
"If I meet you in the arena, I will not show you any mercy!" Xuanyuan Xiao said with a gloomy face.
The drawing of lots on the jade platform was random. Even if the disciples of the same Sect were drawn, they had to enter the arena to fight. Unless both sides strategically admitted defeat and one of them directly gave up the fight.
In the stands, the fighters of several other Sects were also discussing this matter.
They did not expect that Luo Zheng would actually directly disobey the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. However, this was an internal matter of the Cloud Hall. Other than cursing Luo Zheng, they could not say anything.
Elder Xiao and the others were also more and more confused. What was the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie?
When Luo Zheng was in the Peripheral Test, Ning Yudie came in person and watched the whole process. After that, she asked them not to tell Luo Zheng that she had come.
Now it seemed that the relationship between Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng was not very harmonious. What kind of show was this?
Elder Xiao could not understand. He shook his head and shook the jade platform again. After getting the nameplates of the two fighters, he shouted at the top of his voice, "Independent fighter Zhao Zhiping versus Black Wood Cliff's Qiao Yu!"
The Martial Dao Competition used a round-robin system, and the pace of the battles was very fast.
Compared to the first and second matches which were one-sided, the third match was a close match. Both Zhao Shiping and Qiao Yu were Early Divine Core warriors, and their cultivation levels and overall strength were on par with each other. The fight lasted for the time it took for an incense stick to burn, and finally, Qiao Yu won with a slight advantage.
The fourth match …
The fifth match …
The sixth match …
The winner of each match would be able to draw a card. But strangely, almost all of the winners were exempt cards, and no one had drawn a challenge card.
Originally, everyone thought that the probability of drawing a challenge card and a challenge card was 50/50, but now, it seemed like the probability was extremely low.
In the end, Elder Xiao stepped forward and explained that the probability of drawing a challenge card was only 1/5.
Except for the first opening match and the second match, in which Luo Zheng and Gongsun Zhen fought fiercely, the following matches were a little dull. Because there were no rules in the Martial Arts Conference, even if you killed your opponent, you didn't have to bear any responsibility. Under these rules, the warriors on both sides became more cautious.
If they wanted to get a higher ranking, they had to save their strength for the end. If they fought with their lives on the line, they would be severely injured, and they might even lose an arm or a leg. If that happened, how would they have the chance to get into the top 10?
With the rich nature of the World Business Alliance, they would prepare a small gift for all the participants of the Martial Dao Competition. The gift would not be too 'small', but if it was compared to the rewards for the top 10, it would be way too small …
Many warriors didn't expect to get their hands on the Rising Dragon Arena. For example, those independent fighters. Even if they had the ability to get their hands on the Rising Dragon Arena, they might not be able to live to enjoy it. Therefore, their goal was to get into the top 10!
When the seventh match began, the atmosphere in the entire arena was ignited, and everyone was boiling with excitement.

Chapter 475
Many warriors had spent a top rank True Meta Stone to watch the Martial Dao Competition, and their goal was to watch the battles between powerful warriors!
The previous few battles were all between independent warriors and disciples from sects.
Most of these independent warriors weren't real independent warriors, they were from third grade sects or third grade clans. Compared to a real fourth grade sect, there was still a huge gap.
Therefore, in the previous battles, it was a one-sided battle, and the battles weren't as intense as expected.
But now, Zong Mo Xie, one of the leaders of the fourth grade sect Cloud Hall, had arrived, and his opponent was one of the six men from the Void Spirit Sect. Before the battle had even begun, the crowd had already expected it to be an exciting battle.
"The dealer is opening the bet, the dealer is opening the bet!"
On the spectator stands, many martial artists were shouting and wrangling.
Wherever there was a battle, there would be a gambling house.
In the Central Domain, some second and third grade sects and clans would often hold battles, and at the same time, they would set up gambling houses.
However, there were many traps in these battles. Some sects would often cheat when setting up these battles, and manipulate the results of the battles. Battles that were supposed to be a sure win would suddenly become an upset, and the gamblers would lose their True Meta Stones.
As for the Martial Dao Competition held by the World Business Alliance, the possibility of this happening was small. The Rising Dragon Arena was something all sects wanted, and the World Business Alliance wouldn't join forces with a few other sects to cheat people for some True Meta Stones.
Therefore, this Martial Dao Competition was a feast for gamblers.
Being a warrior was a profession that licked blood from the edge of a blade, and most warriors were born gamblers. The reason why these hundreds of thousands of warriors were watching the Martial Dao Competition was because they wanted to watch the battles between geniuses, and also because they wanted to gamble.
"What are the odds? Eh, this odds … it seems like the World Business Alliance is betting on Situ Haoran from the Void Spirit Sect! "
"I'll bet on Situ Haoran! The Void Spirit Sect is a fifth grade sect, and it's one level higher than the Cloud Hall!"
"Do you think Zong Mo Xie is someone easy to deal with? Although Zong Mo Xie is an Early Divine Core warrior, he once traveled thousands of miles on his own, and killed the Three Ghosts of the Yellow Sea! The Three Ghosts were all Mid Divine Core warriors! "
Many warriors were analyzing the two men's performances over the years.
When these elites from sects broke through to the Divine Core realm, they would usually be entrusted with some difficult missions, and slowly built up a name for themselves in the Central Domain.
For example, the Hebi Country that the cultivator mentioned earlier was a small country in the Central Region. This small country was also the country where the Cloud Hall's Magic Cloud Sect was located.
Back then, when the Three Ghosts of the Yellow Sea fled to He Bi Country, the Lucky Cloud Sect requested for help. The Cloud Hall issued a mission within the sect and in the end, Zong Mo Xie single-handedly killed the Three Ghosts of the Yellow Sea and became famous in He Bi Country! Therefore, the King of Hebi had specially built a statue of Zong Mo Xie, and worshipped him as the God of War. In the eyes of the people of Hebi, Zong Mo Xie was a God of War.
In comparison, Situ Haoran from the Void Spirit Sect wasn't as famous. Although the Void Spirit Sect was a fifth grade sect, they weren't like the Cloud Hall, who had recruited five second grade sects. They had more disciples than the Cloud Hall, but they weren't as widely distributed as the Cloud Hall.
However, no matter if it was the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, the Blood Wood Cliff, or the Dark Yin Mansion, each sect had their own unique characteristics. If not, they wouldn't have been able to become a fourth grade sect!
"Wuuu, I'm so envious of you, second senior disciple!" Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect said gloomily, "Why can't I be chosen?!"
Situ Haoran patted Xiao Jie's shoulder and comforted him. "Don't be disappointed. The strongest will definitely appear at the end!"
"But it's too boring to just sit here. I really want to find someone to challenge." Xiao Jie rolled his eyes and looked at the high platform beside him. At the same time, he shouted, "Hey, if you get a challenge token, can you challenge me?"
On the high platform beside the Void Spirit Sect was Cui Xie and the others.
Cui Xie saw that the person who spoke was a fifteen-year-old child, so he just smiled faintly and didn't say anything.
However, the young man beside him glanced at Xiao Jie indifferently. "You're very confident?"
"Yes! I'll be first in this Martial Arts Conference! But I'm so bored waiting! "Xiao Jie blinked and said.
"Is that so? I also feel very bored. We can't use this arena. Why don't we go outside and try it out first? " The young man also said indifferently. Xiao Jie was very confident, and the young man was the son of the number one person in the Central Domain. He also had the same confidence!
"Xiao Jie, don't talk nonsense. You're extremely rude," Taoist Priest Qing Xu scolded.
However, Cui Xie smiled at Taoist Priest Qing Xu and said, "Qing Xu, the children are making a ruckus. Just let them be. You're still so old-fashioned. However, your Void Spirit Sect seems to have unearthed a good seedling!"
Cui Xie had long noticed Xiao Jie. Although this child's bone age was only fifteen, his cultivation was already extremely high. Just based on his cultivation and bone age, it was extremely shocking in an ordinary family force. However, it was nothing in Cui Xie's eyes. It was just that Cui Xie felt something else from Xiao Jie. This child seemed to be very special …
Taoist Priest Qing Xu smiled perfunctorily and disapproved of Cui Xie's words.
The relationship between the Void Spirit Sect and Cui Xie had always been bad. There had been a huge conflict between them. If anyone wanted to rise up, they would often offend a large group of people. Cui Xie was a living example. A few decades ago, the Void Spirit Sect had taken the lead to suppress Cui Xie. Unfortunately, not only did the Void Spirit Sect not suppress Cui Xie, but they also allowed Cui Xie to rise up and become the number one person in the Central Domain!
Moreover, it wouldn't be long before Cui Xie's Great Heavenly Demon Orgy Formation would be formed. If Cui Xie broke through in the Great Heavenly Demon Orgy Formation, he would no longer have any scruples. Cui Xie would probably be able to do whatever he wanted in the entire Central Domain. This was something that the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and even the Cloud Hall did not want to see.
There were even rumors that Cui Xie wanted to build a Kingdom of God in the Central Domain!
That Kingdom of God was a kingdom of warriors, and it was considered a sixth-grade sect! It meant that Cui Xie wanted to rely on his own strength to unify the entire Central Domain.
The Void Spirit Sect was a heaven-grade sect in the Central Domain. How could it be willing to bow down? At that time, a fierce battle that involved the entire Central Region would unavoidably break out. Although Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, Dark Yin Mansion, and the other Rank Four Sects were all well-behaved, they might not necessarily not side with Cui Xie when the time came.
In the arena, Zong Mo Xie stood on the spot like a stabilizing needle with a confident smile on his face.
Situ Haoran, who was standing opposite him, raised his hand slightly and said calmly, "Cloud Hall's Zong Mo Xie, actually, I've been waiting for a long time to fight with you."
"Why?" Zong Mo Xie asked.
"Crackle …"
Tiny lightning bolts shot out from Situ Haoran's hand. "I heard you've comprehended the source law of lightning, and I'm also cultivating a lightning skill. That's why I want to know the difference between us!"
Looking at the blue lightning bolts in Situ Haoran's hand, Zong Mo Xie's eyes twitched. "It looks like your comprehension isn't any less than mine!"
"Guys, look! Look at the lightning bolts in Situ Haoran's hand! He has comprehended at least half of the source law of lightning! What a monster … "
"What a monster! Even those old monsters at the False Tribulation realm can barely comprehend half of the source law of lightning! I never expected this Situ Haoran would be able to do it at the Divine Core realm!"
"The Void Spirit Sect's foundation is not something we can imagine, there are geniuses in every generation!"
Luo Zheng was sitting cross-legged in meditation. The Vital Energy in his body was slowly flowing through every single cell in his body, and at the same time, the Vital Energy in his Dantian was also rotating. The Vital Energy and Vital Energy were like two distinct rivers in Luo Zheng's body, and they didn't interfere with each other's business.
By maintaining this state, Luo Zheng was able to cultivate both types of energy at the same time.
While all the warriors were discussing fervently, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes. Right now, both Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran were covered in a layer of lightning.
"Both of their lightning bolts contain the law of lightning, but … Zong Mo Xie's understanding of the law of lightning is slightly higher, but Situ Haoran's aura is slightly stronger. Zong Mo Xie has a higher chance of winning this fight." Luo Zheng looked at the fighting stage with an indifferent expression.
However, no matter if it was Zong Mo Xie or Situ Haoran's understanding of the law of lightning, neither of them could be compared with Luo Zheng's.
Every single Law was divided into 10 levels.
The two of them had only grasped half of the first level of the Law of Thunder, but Luo Zheng had already completely grasped the first level of the Law of Thunder.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 476
Following the disappearance of the light screen in the arena, the battle between Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran had finally begun.
There were many factors that could affect a battle between cultivators, such as mentality, skill, cultivation …
But, as both Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran were able to break through to the Divine Core realm and become one of the strongest cultivators in their respective sects, both of them had a strong mentality! Both of them were cultivating a Heaven ranked skill, and both of them were at the Early Divine Core realm.
Right at this moment, both of them were competing in terms of their understanding of the Laws.
Right at this moment, Zong Mo Xie's body was covered in a layer of purple lightning, making him look like the incarnation of the Thunder God. The purple lightning looked like tiny snakes that were dancing around his body. As for Situ Haoran, there were two lightning balls that were violently jumping around in his hands, as if they contained an endless amount of energy.
"Crackle …"
Both of them were moving as fast as lightning. Both of them kept colliding with each other, and every time they collided, a blinding white light would explode out!
The high frequency and speed of this battle had caused all the cultivators in the stands to feel suffocated. They were even more anxious than the two cultivators who were fighting. Some cultivators were shouting and cheering for one of them, but most of them were staring at the arena without saying a single word.
Especially those cultivators who cultivated Lightning elemental skills, they were watching the battle with utmost seriousness!
In the Central Domain, or even in the entire Boundless Universe, cultivating the Laws was an extremely difficult task.
The stone inscriptions that recorded the Laws could only be found in the Fourth and Fifth Grade Sects.
Those cultivators from Second and Third Grade Sects, or even most of the independent cultivators, didn't have such conditions. If they wanted to cultivate the Laws, they could only rely on their own comprehension ability! However, with his little bit of perception, he didn't know when he would be able to comprehend a trace of the Power of Laws. But, observing the battle between Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran, there was a very small chance that he would be able to comprehend a trace of the Power of Laws.
This was the reason why they were watching the battle with utmost seriousness!
On the high platform, the disciples from the few big sects were sitting calmly. But, in their minds, they were constantly measuring the gap between themselves, Zong Mo Xie, and Situ Haoran.
"Lose!"
After the battle had gone on for half an incense stick's worth of time, Zong Mo Xie suddenly let out a loud shout.
The purple lightning that coiled around his body suddenly turned from the thickness of a small snake to the thickness of a python!
When he saw this, Situ Haoran's expression became even more solemn. However, the two balls of lightning in his hands began to shrink. They shrank from two enormous balls of lightning into fist-sized balls of lightning!
"Boom!"
With this collision, a violent explosion erupted. Dazzling lightning enveloped the entire battle arena. Most people subconsciously closed their eyes.
Luo Zheng, however, stared at the lightning in the arena. He raised his eyebrows slightly and a trace of doubt appeared on his face.
"Eh …"
He noticed that some Thunder Laws that he couldn't understand had appeared within the lightning!
The gazes of the sect leaders on the high platform were equally solemn.
On the other hand, Taoist Priest Qingxu stroked his beard with a faint smile on his face.
As for the hundreds of thousands of cultivators, most of them had their eyes closed. Even if the barrier blocked the power, they could not bear the dazzling lightning.
This was what it meant for laymen to watch the show, while insiders watched the artistry.
"In Situ Haoran's lightning, there is a trace of the Power of Law that I can't understand," Luo Zheng thought indifferently.
"It's the second level of the Thunder Laws, Purification," Qinglong's voice floated out at this time.
"Purification? This is the second level of the Thunder Laws? "Hidden within the lightning were some tiny bits of lightning that were difficult to see with the naked eye.
"Yes, the first level of the Thunder Laws is called 'Destruction', the second level is called 'Purification', and the third level is called 'Heavenly Tribulation'. When you humans pass through the Life and Death Realm, the heavenly lightning that descends is called Heavenly Tribulation!" Qinglong explained the first three levels of the Thunder Laws in one breath.
"Destruction, Purification, Heavenly Tribulation …" Just the Thunder Laws were divided into ten levels, and each level corresponded to a different Law. Although Luo Zheng had comprehended nine kinds of Laws, he still had a long way to go!
"That kid from your Central Domain's Void Spirit Sect only comprehended half of the first level of the Destruction Laws. Perhaps by chance, he obtained a fragment of the second level of the Thunder Laws and comprehended a trace of it. Although it's just a little bit, it's enough for him to win," Qinglong said again.
Luo Zheng nodded because he had already seen the result of the battle. Zong Mo Xie's body was charred and emitted a barbecue-like fragrance as he lay on the ground, while Situ Haoran stood on the other side of the battle stage. Although he looked incomparably weak, his legs were firmly nailed to the ground, and a victorious smile appeared on his face.
"I fear that the second level of the Laws does not exist in the Central Domain. If I want to study the second level of the Laws, I'll have to go to the higher realms or the four Divine Kingdoms …" Luo Zheng muttered.
"You've already experienced the baptism of the Laws. For the time being, there is no need for you to pursue a higher level of the Laws. If you were to fuse two or even three different Laws together, the power you would erupt with would be …"
Before Qinglong finished speaking, Red Dragon interrupted him. "Haha, boy, don't listen to Ninth Brother's nonsense. The power of Laws is the source of this world, but a body transformation martial artist defies the will of the heavens. Once they cultivate to the peak, they will become even more powerful! Once you open the eighth layer of the dao platform, I will pass on a transcendent divine might to you! No matter what the power of Laws it is, I will blow it all apart with a single punch! "
"Seventh Brother …" Qinglong bitterly said.
"Transcendent divine might? What is that? "Luo Zheng asked, his heart skipping a beat.
"That, that …"
Red Dragon's temperament was completely different from Qinglong's. Qinglong was calm and steady, but Red Dragon's temperament was more fiery. Now that Red Dragon was stopped by Qinglong, he didn't know what to say.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what a transcendent divine might was, it definitely wasn't some common treasure. These Nine True Dragons could be considered the rulers of a Great World. Let alone something they cared about, even something they didn't care about was comparable to a priceless treasure in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Taking advantage of Red Dragon's stuttering, Luo Zheng immediately smiled and said, "Good, then it's settled. Once I open the eighth layer of the dao platform, you will pass on a transcendent divine might to me!"
Luo Zheng didn't know what a transcendent divine might was, but he had to confirm Red Dragon's words first!
Qinglong helplessly chuckled. Then, he said, "What a sly boy … Seventh Brother's transcendent divine might is of great importance. It's not that I don't want to pass it on to you, but that the time isn't right. But … if you open the dao platform, you can also practice it!"
"You haven't said what a transcendent divine might is yet?" Luo Zheng curiously asked. He couldn't figure out just what it was that could cause Qinglong to be so cautious.
"A transcendent divine might is the strongest martial skill of a world. For it to have the word 'transcendent' in it, it means that there is nothing stronger than it … if one can successfully practice it, they can become the ruler of a world!" Qinglong slowly said.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air.
The ruler of a Great World was a god-like existence. Just how powerful was that?
"My acupoints have already opened. Now I can attack the dao platform! I will remember this transcendent divine might! "Luo Zheng's eyes bloomed with excitement.
"When have I ever gone back on my words? But let me remind you, opening the dao platform isn't as easy as you think it is. "The red dragon reminded." Especially in the Central Domain. The difficulty of opening the dao platform is much higher than breaking through to the Divine Core realm, or even the False Tribulation realm! "
"I understand." The excitement in Luo Zheng's eyes gradually faded away, replaced by a resolute look.
If one wanted to pursue greater strength, how could it not be difficult? It would be abnormal if it wasn't difficult. This was an unbreakable truth that had existed since ancient times!
While Luo Zheng was talking to the two dragons in his mind, Zong Mo Xie had already been carried back to the Cloud Hall.
The martial artists in the stands sighed. They didn't expect Zong Mo Xie to be so strong, and Situ Haoran was even stronger!
Being able to see such a battle, many martial artists felt that their top grade true essence stones hadn't been spent in vain. This trip to Heavenly Awakening City had been worth it.
After the arena was cleaned up, Old Man Xiao once again started drawing nameplates from the jade platform.
After the two nameplates were drawn, Old Man Xiao suddenly shouted, "Blood Wood Cliff's Bu Chou versus Cloud Hall's Luo Zheng!"
Hearing Old Man Xiao's voice, Blood Wood Cliff's Bu Chou sniffled. He walked to the edge of the platform and smiled, "Not bad, what should be mine will be mine!"
Just a moment ago, Bu Chou was complaining to his junior brother that he didn't have the luck to meet an opponent like Luo Zheng. He didn't expect it to be his turn so soon.

Chapter 477
"This is the first fight for us disciples of the Blood Wood Cliff! Senior disciple Bu, you must show us your strength! "A few disciples from the Blood Wood Cliff said.
Sitting behind the stage, Madam Poison Blood stared coldly at Luo Zheng.
As the Sect Chief of the Blood Wood Cliff, she had once been humiliated by a junior like Luo Zheng. But of course, she wouldn't tell anyone about this. After all, she was the Sect Chief of a Fourth Grade Sect, and she still wanted to maintain her dignity.
"Bu Chou, come here." Madam Poison Blood said in a soft voice.
"Yes, Sect Chief!" Bu Chou walked in front of Madam Poison Blood.
Madam Poison Blood reached out her delicate finger and bit it gently, breaking the skin on her fingertip.
Seeing what Madam Poison Blood did, Bu Chou's eyes twitched. With a trembling voice, he said, "Sect Chief …"
The Blood Wood Cliff wasn't a righteous sect, and they had countless evil skills. Obviously, Bu Chou knew what the Sect Chief wanted to do to him.
"Don't be afraid, this Soul Dissolving Poison Blood can stimulate your potential for a short period of time. I'll help you recover your lost lifespan. But, you have to go down there and kill that guy!" Madam Poison Blood said with a smile.
"Sect Chief, I don't need to stimulate my potential to kill that guy!" Bu Chou quickly shook his head.
Madam Poison Blood giggled. Her charming face was dazzling. "I know, but … just in case!" After saying that, she pointed her finger at Bu Chou's chest and drew a blood talisman with the blood on her fingertip. The blood talisman flashed with a blood red light and imprinted itself into Bu Chou's chest.
In an instant, Bu Chou seemed to have turned into a different person. His eyes turned red, and with a ferocious smile on his face, he said, "Sect Chief, he's going to die!"
After saying that, Bu Chou leapt into the arena.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also walked towards the arena.
"It's that Fourth Level Divine Reflection kid's turn again!"
"He defeated Gongsun Zhen in the last round, looks like he can't be treated as an ordinary Divine Reflection warrior."
"He only defeated Gongsun Zhen by catching him off guard. In terms of true strength, there's no way he can defeat a Divine Core warrior!"
Although Luo Zheng was a disciple from a fourth rank Sect, defeating a Divine Core warrior with his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base was still hard for many warriors to accept.
Not everyone could challenge those of a higher cultivation level. In the Central Domain, one's strength was measured by one's cultivation level. Only some of the elite disciples of the fourth-grade sects could easily challenge those of a higher cultivation level. However, this group of genius disciples was extremely rare!
Moreover, Gongsun Zhen was a member of a third-grade family, the Gongsun Family. He was a rare heaven grade genius!
Yet, Luo Zheng was able to surpass a Great Realm and beat Gong Sun Zhen half to death in a single move. This kind of violent shock made all the martial artists in the stands feel that it was very unfair. Therefore, from a psychological point of view, they very much hoped that Luo Zheng would lose, and lose miserably!
This time, there was finally a disciple from a Rank 4 Sect who was going against Luo Zheng. Naturally, they placed their hopes on Bu Chou.
Right at this moment, a few more disciples walked into the stands from the back row. These disciples were all wearing white clothes with clouds embroidered on their chests. They were the disciples of the Cloud Hall, and the two men leading the group were Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao!
"I never thought that the entrance fee for the Martial Dao Competition would be so expensive, a supreme rank True Origin Stone …" Red Maple's voice came from behind.
Hua Tianming turned around and glared at him. "It's good enough that you're able to come in here. The competition has already begun, I wonder who the winner will be from the Cloud Hall."
After a few months, Pei Tianyao had broken through to the fifth level of the Divine Reflection realm. On the other hand, Hua Tianming's progress was even faster. He had broken through to the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, and was about to catch up with Pei Tianyao in terms of cultivation base.
This time, a few of them had participated in a mission from the Cloud Hall, and it happened to be in the Hei Chang Kingdom, which was close to Tianqi City. After completing the mission, they found out that the Martial Dao Competition was about to begin. Naturally, they didn't want to miss this opportunity, so they came straight to Tianqi City.
Pei Tianyao looked into the distance and said lightly, "The one in the arena seems to be a disciple of the Blood Wood Cliff. I wonder who his opponent is?"
Hua Tianming glanced around with his sword eyes and happened to see a person slowly walking onto the stage. He felt that this person was somewhat familiar. His pupils suddenly widened as he stared at him, "Luo, Luo Zheng!"
"Who is Luo Zheng? Is he also here to watch the Martial Dao Competition? "Red Maple asked from the side.
Pei Tianyao also looked over. His face suddenly froze, and he smiled helplessly. "It's really Luo Zheng. He's not here to watch the Martial Dao Competition. He's in the arena."
"What!" Red Maple almost jumped up in shock. He stretched out his neck and looked at the arena. He opened his mouth and murmured, "It's really Luo Zheng. Isn't he looking for death?"
Whether it was Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, or Red Maple, they were all disciples of the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall, and they were the focus of training. During this time, their progress was very amazing. For example, Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Essence gave birth to two kinds of Law, the Law of Gold and the Law of Thunder. Although the power of the Law was not enough, there were only one or two warriors in the Divine Realm who could comprehend the Law. It could be imagined how terrifying Hua Tianming's talent was.
Pei Tianyao's strength had also improved tremendously. He no longer needed to rest when he summoned the Acalanatha, and the Acalanatha now had a second pair of arms. Within the Tantric Sect, the strongest Acalanatha had six arms. This meant that Pei Tianyao still had a lot of room for improvement.
On the other hand, Red Maple's progress was slower than Pei Tianyao's. However, his movement skill was becoming more and more strange, and he could now move around without leaving a trace.
This speed of improvement was enough for them to be proud of the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall. They believed that it wouldn't be long before they could become one of the top few disciples in the Elite Hall.
But, when they saw Luo Zheng standing in the arena of the Martial Dao Competition, they suddenly felt that the progress they were so proud of had become a joke.
Before they left for Heaven Awakening City, they had discussed the Martial Dao Competition.
All the strongest disciples from different sects would gather here, and it would be a battle between Divine Core warriors! Back then, Hua Tianming had complained about why the Martial Dao Competition was held a few years earlier. If he had a few more years, once he broke through to the Divine Core realm, he would have a chance to participate in the Martial Dao Competition as well.
Red Maple had mocked Hua Tianming, saying that even if Hua Tianming was given a few more years, Hua Tianming might not be qualified to participate in the Martial Dao Competition. Because of this, Hua Tianming had once again placed his sword on Red Maple's neck.
However, Luo Zheng had already stood in the arena of the Martial Dao Competition …
"His cultivation has improved really quickly. In less than half a year, he has broken through from the Xiantian realm to the Fourth Stage Divine Reflection realm. But … there is still a huge gap between him and a Divine Core warrior, why is he able to participate?" Pei Tianyao asked curiously.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he was also at the Xiantian realm, but he still defeated all of you Divine Reflection realm disciples. Now, Luo Zheng has broken through to the Divine Reflection realm, so it's only natural for him to fight a Divine Core warrior!"
Hua Tianming's words were heard by a warrior standing next to him, causing his expression to darken. "What do you mean by 'only natural'?! That guy is just lucky! I don't think he'll be able to survive this round! Those disciples from the Blood Wood Cliff will definitely be able to kill him! "
This warrior was a member of the Gongsun family. Although he wasn't a core disciple, the Gongsun family still had a strong sense of honor. Therefore, when he heard what Hua Tianming said, he didn't feel good about it.
"Lucky?" Hua Tianming let out a faint smile, then he turned to Pei Tianyao and said, "Looks like we've missed our chance, Luo Zheng has already fought."
Pei Tianyao stared at the fighting stage and said, "But, this round doesn't look good either, that man from the Blood Wood Cliff isn't simple either …"
They were from the same sect as Luo Zheng, and they had entered the Cloud Hall together. When they saw how strong Luo Zheng's opponent was, they were naturally worried.
"He's dead, he's dead! He's a Divine Core warrior! "Red Maple was still shouting loudly.
Hua Tianming slightly raised his brows, then with a faint smile on his face, he said, "I don't know why, but I have a feeling that Luo Zheng will … win until the end! Red Maple, hand over all your belongings! "
"What are you trying to do?!" Red Maple subconsciously covered his Sumeru Ring. The one who had obtained the most rewards from this mission was Red Maple. He had the advantage in terms of speed and movement, and he had also obtained a lot of True Origin Stones after completing the mission.
Hua Tianming stretched his hand out and said, "Nothing much, do you see the signboard over there? The odds are out, Luo Zheng's odds are shockingly high, I want to take a gamble! "
Hua Tianming wasn't a gambler, but he had a feeling that Luo Zheng's luck had always been strong, that's why he wanted to test it out.
"No way!" Red Maple screamed.
"Give it to me!" Hua Tianming said coldly.
"No …"
"Swoosh!"
Hua Tianming's sword once again pressed against Red Maple's neck …

Chapter 478
The competition between the Laws of different elements wouldn't be so obvious, but when the Laws of the same element fought, it would be a competition of who had a deeper understanding of the Laws!
Therefore, Bu Chou, who had a weaker understanding of the Laws of Fire, was at a disadvantage.
Bu Chou was after all a Divine Core warrior, and with the help of the Blood Talisman, he had no way to escape. As long as he didn't kill Luo Zheng, he would be crippled for the rest of his life.
Seeing his blood flames being suppressed, Bu Chou bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood onto his blade, causing the blood flames to burn even brighter. The aggressive blade was able to break free from Luo Zheng's Ring of Fire, and it continued slashing towards Luo Zheng.
But too bad, Luo Zheng wasn't made of wood. After going through the Body Strengthening Realm and opening up all his meridians, Luo Zheng was as agile as a monkey. With a twist of his body, he dodged Bu Chou's slash.
After that, Luo Zheng took a light step back. Both of his feet were firmly planted on the ground, and his legs were slightly bent.
Since Bu Chou didn't hit his target with his blade, how could he give up? He chased closely behind Luo Zheng, and slashed out with the Blood Flame Slash.
However, right when he raised his blade, Luo Zheng's legs suddenly exploded with strength, and he closed in on Bu Chou. The strength of his right fist had been completely unleashed.
"Bang! Bang! Bang … … "
One punch, two punches, three punches … …
More than ten punches landed on Bu Chou's waist in a row, and every single punch produced a dull sound. Bu Chou's ribs were broken into pieces.
Even after Luo Zheng had completely retreated, Bu Chou was still clutching his chest, and he stood there like an idiot. His red eyes were staring at Luo Zheng, and his eyes were filled with unwillingness!
After a few breaths of time, Bu Chou finally fell to the ground with a plop.
"Luo Zheng won." Hua Tianming, who was standing at the back of the audience, said with a faint smile on his face.
Seeing this scene, Red Maple let out a long sigh of relief. "That scared me to death. Fortunately, he won. If Luo Zheng lost, I would be bankrupt."
Hua Tianming shook his head. "He's even more powerful than I thought. He's even comprehended the Law of Fire. This guy is really …"
Many people praised Hua Tianming for his monstrous talent, but Hua Tianming now felt that he was not even worth mentioning in front of Luo Zheng!
"I don't know if Luo Zheng has the idea of getting first place, but he definitely has a high possibility of getting into the top ten." Pei Tianyao also said.
During the whole process, Luo Zheng's expression was very indifferent. After Mr. Xiao announced the result, he went forward to draw a card.
"Challenge card! Challenge card! " Luo Zheng thought to himself. When he opened the wooden card, he was overjoyed. He finally got a challenge card! In theory, he could challenge Si Miaoling now!
Luo Zheng just got a challenge card, but he would not use it immediately. It would be too obvious. He needed an opportunity to challenge Si Miaoling!
After putting away the challenge card, Luo Zheng retreated to the side of the independent cultivators' platform as usual and continued to wait.
The following matches were carried out one by one.
The difference in strength between the independent cultivators and the main sect disciples was slowly revealed.
The majority of the independent cultivators were unable to compete with the main sect disciples.
However, there were two independent cultivators who were the dark horse. One was the Extreme Illuminating Soul Ao Xiang, and the other was an independent cultivator called Huangfu Xi.
These two people actually used their absolute strength to overturn the two top geniuses of the Mysterious Yin Mansion and the Black Mountain Sect.
The unique characteristic of these two people was that they were true independent cultivators!
Most of the cultivators who passed the outer selection were from third grade sects. However, Ao Xiang and Huangfu Xi were different. They had climbed up to where they were by relying on their own luck and strength. They didn't have a master to teach them, nor were they trained by any sect.
There were many warriors like this in the Central Domain. However, most of them couldn't climb up to where they were now, because no matter how weak they were, they couldn't even join a second grade sect.
Because of this, warriors who climbed up to where they were on their own were extremely strong. After all, it required a lot of luck to be able to reach the Divine Core realm without any resources.
As for those warriors from third grade sects, they couldn't be considered as independent cultivators. They couldn't be compared with the top disciples from fourth grade sects, and they didn't have the luck and tenacity of independent cultivators. Therefore, their overall strength was at the bottom of the Martial Dao Competition.
When the 33rd match came, Old Man Xiao suddenly announced, "Cloud Hall's Xuanyuan Xiao versus independent cultivator Cui Yun!"
"Cui Yun! The son of Cui Xie, the strongest man in the Central Domain! This is going to be a good show! "
"Cui Yun and Void Spirit Sect's Zong Jie can be considered as the top seeded contestants, right? I think the first and second place of this Martial Dao Competition will be decided between these two! "
"Cloud Hall's Xuanyuan Xiao isn't bad either, I don't think so! As a top fourth grade sect, the Cloud Hall's disciples shouldn't be any weaker than the Void Spirit Sect's disciples, right? "
"Cui Yun?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he looked at Cui Xie's stage. When he saw the young man walking down from the stage, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. Indeed, Cui Yun was Cui Xie's son …
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in Cui Xie's son.
In this Martial Dao Competition, his biggest goal was to kill Si Miaoling, and his second goal was to obtain the Rising Dragon Platform. Whether Cui Xie's son was a dragon or a worm, Luo Zheng wasn't too interested.
After Cui Yun jumped down from the stage, she floated in the air and said to Elder Xiao, "Elder of the World Business Alliance, please wait a moment."
Elder Xiao nodded. He could make an exception for this short period of time.
Cui Xie flew onto the stage of the Cloud Hall. His gaze bypassed most of the Cloud Hall's disciples and landed on Ning Yudie.
Xuanyuan Xiao and the other Cloud Hall's disciples all looked confused, not knowing what Cui Yun wanted to do.
Ning Yudie also looked at Cui Yun strangely and then asked, "You're fighting with my sect's disciples, but you came to the stage of my Cloud Hall. What's the meaning of this?"
Unexpectedly, Cui Yun smiled faintly at Ning Yudie and clapped his hands. "Clap, clap, clap!"
Because he had instilled his True Essence into the three claps, the sound of his three claps spread far and wide. Soon, four people flew over carrying a heavy object. This heavy object was covered with a layer of light red silk, and it was impossible to see what was underneath the silk.
"I have something for the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall." Cui Yun smiled faintly. At this time, the four people had come to his side and put the heavy object on the stage.
The faint layer of ice on Ning Yudie's face dissipated, revealing her beautiful little face. At this moment, she frowned slightly. She didn't understand what Cui Yun was up to. Why would he give her something for no reason?
The people from the other sects, including the Sect Masters, also looked over curiously.
Cui Yun casually pulled the light red silk off. Underneath the silk was a block of ice that exuded a cold aura.
"Arctic Mystic Ice?" Ning Yudie looked at the block of ice and asked.
No wonder it was so strenuous for the four people to carry this block of ice. This Arctic Mystic Ice was very heavy and could not melt all year round. If it was used to make an ice bed, cultivating on it would be twice the result with half the effort! Therefore, it was very useful to Ning Yudie.
However, Arctic Mystic Ice was very precious. This kind of Mystic Ice was only buried deep under the ice layer of the Arctic. The temperature there could almost freeze everything. Even if a False Tribulation Realm expert entered it, he would immediately be frozen into ice. Therefore, an extremely special method was used to excavate Arctic Mystic Ice.
Seeing such a large block of Arctic Mystic Ice, many warriors who cultivated ice-type cultivation techniques could not help but drool. If they could get their hands on this Arctic Mystic Ice, their cultivation speed would be doubled.
However, Cui Yun said, "Although Arctic Mystic Ice is very precious in the eyes of many people, it is too shabby to give it to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!" After saying that, Cui Yun stretched out his index finger and formed a vortex of Quintessential Essence on the surface of his index finger. Then, his index finger gently tapped on the block of Arctic Mystic Ice.
"Crack …"
Under Cui Xie's finger, countless cracks began to appear on the surface of the block of Arctic Mystic Ice. The entire block of Arctic Mystic Ice was constantly disintegrating.
"Ah! Such a complete block of Arctic Mystic Ice was actually shattered by Cui Xie! "
"What a waste. Although his father is the number one person in the Central Domain, he can't be so wasteful, right?"
"It would be better if he gave it to me. I am willing to exchange a hundred years of my life for it!"
Seeing that the Arctic Mystic Ice was directly shattered by Cui Yun, many warriors felt their hearts ache.
However, Cui Yun did not care at all. When the Arctic Mystic Ice was almost completely disintegrated, he stretched out his hand and pushed away the fragments of the Arctic Mystic Ice. Then, a shiny object appeared. However, there were still many fragments of Arctic Mystic Ice around it, so no one could see clearly what it was.

Chapter 479
Cui Yun casually brushed aside the shards of the Arctic Mystic Ice and held the shiny object in her hand. She smiled and said, "This is what I want to give to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!"
It was a small golden crown. In Cui Yun's hand, it emitted a dazzling reddish-gold light. What was more eye-catching was the three crystals embedded in it. The three white crystals were not cut into countless sides. Under the faint sunlight, they emitted a faint silver light. On the side of the golden crown, there were three feathers embedded in each.
If this small golden crown was only made from ordinary gold and precious stones, then it would be worthless in the eyes of a martial artist. With just a single true essence stone, one could buy a pile of these things, and they could buy as many as they wanted. Their value was not even a tenth of a small fragment of the Arctic Profound Ice.
However, since Cui Yun sealed this thing in the Arctic Mystic Ice, its value couldn't be lower than the Arctic Mystic Ice!
Most warriors were confused. They didn't recognize this thing.
However, there were many people present. There were bound to be knowledgeable people. Suddenly, someone shouted, "This is Beiyou Palace's Heavenly Feather Saint Crown!"
"Beiyou Palace? Isn't that the force in the Arctic that has been destroyed? "
"Yes, I remember now. I've seen the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown before. It's a saint artifact!"
"Back then, the Saintess of Beiyou Palace was covered in saint artifacts. After she was fully armed, she fought against the four Divine Kingdoms and was defeated and injured! Her set of saint artifacts had all been taken away by the four Divine Nations. Only the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown was missing. The four Divine Nations had practically dug through the entire North Nether Palace, but they still couldn't find the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown. Who would have thought that it would be in Cui Yun's hands? This … is unbelievable! "
Mystic artifacts, spiritual artifacts, immortal artifacts, saint artifacts …
There were many immortal artifacts in the Central Domain. The weapons in the hands of the sect masters were all high-grade immortal artifacts. However, there were very few saint artifacts!
Now, there were only three saint artifacts that were known to everyone in the Central Domain. The Void Spirit Sect's "Heavenly Soul Banner", the World Business Alliance's "Copper Coin of Time", and Cui Xie's "Nameless Commandment Blade".
These sacred artifacts were all known. As for whether or not the others had sacred artifacts, there was no way to know.
A Sacred Artifact was often related to the rise and fall of a sect.
This was because all cultivators believed that the birth of a saint artifact was often accompanied by a great opportunity. A saint artifact contained a great destiny. Even if this saint artifact wasn't used and was placed in a sect to worship it, it would still bring a great destiny to the sect.
For example, the Void Spirit Sect had the Sky Soul Banner. Their Void Spirit Sect had many genius disciples. Every once in a while, many geniuses would pop out. There was no need to talk about the World Business Alliance. Although their hidden forces were not known to outsiders, the World Business Alliance's hidden development over the years was known to all.
As for the Eastern Heretic King Cui Xie, it was even more ridiculous. As an independent martial artist, he had become the strongest person in the Central Domain with his nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade!
Being able to obtain a Sacred Artifact was the dream of many sects. After all, the power of the Sacred Artifact itself was secondary. The key was that the Sacred Artifact could bring luck to the sect!
"Sacred Artifact … Oh my god, this is too extravagant. Why can't I be the son of the Eastern Heretic?!"
"Prodigal, this is too prodigal. She gave away a Sacred Artifact just like that!"
"However, what is the meaning of Cui Yun giving this Sacred Artifact to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall? Has she taken a liking to Ning Yudie? "
The cultivators on the spectator's stand also began to discuss enthusiastically.
Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and the others also frowned as they watched the unforeseen event on the high platform.
Although Cui Yun had no enmity with Hua Tianming and the others, she had a grudge against Luo Zheng! Hua Tianming was very clear about Luo Zheng's obsession. As long as Luo Zheng grew up, there would be a battle between him and Cui Xie … It was just that no one knew when this battle would take place.
Although Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao couldn't help, they were always on Luo Zheng's side. Moreover, Cui Xie himself was both good and evil, and his son wasn't any better. No one knew what he meant by giving this Sacred Artifact to Cui Yun.
Madam Poison Blood, the Sect Master of the Blood Wood Cliff, the Old Man of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, and Hei Ya of the Black Mountain Sect were all very envious. Madam Poison Blood was the most envious of them all. She and Ning Yudie were both women, and she also thought that her appearance and figure weren't inferior to Ning Yudie's. Why did Cui Yun give such a thing to Ning Yudie?
Si Miaoling, who was behind Cui Xie, looked at the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown with an unconvinced expression. Cui Xie didn't give such a good Sacred Artifact to her, but gave it to someone else. Because of this matter, she had argued with Cui Xie.
Cui Yun smiled faintly at Ning Yudie and said, "The Void Spirit Sect is a fifth-grade Sect, and they have their own Sacred Artifact. The World Business Alliance's influence even surpasses that of a fifth-grade Sect. The Cloud Hall is the third largest force in our Central Domain, and a fourth-grade Sect exists. I'm afraid it doesn't make sense that it doesn't have its own Sacred Artifact."
Ning Yudie stared at the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown with her beautiful eyes wide open, and a smile appeared on her face. "A Sacred Artifact is very important to a Sect, and our Cloud Hall also wants to have such a Sacred Artifact. However, why do you need to worry about whether our Cloud Hall has a Sacred Artifact or not? You are not a member of our Cloud Hall, so why did you give me the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown? Isn't it too troublesome for me to hold such a big favor in my hands? "
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Cui Yun smiled slightly and turned to the various Sects with cupped hands. Then, he said to Ning Yudie, "As warriors, we don't pay attention to the complicated formalities of mortals. I want to use the Martial Arts Conference as an opportunity to propose marriage to you!"
Ning Yudie was instantly stunned. She blinked her eyes and asked, "What do you mean?"
Cui Yun's face revealed strong confidence, faintly inheriting his father's domineering aura. "I want you to be my woman!"
"Wow …"
The atmosphere at the scene was once again ignited.
Compared to mortals, cultivators were easily several hundred years old, or even thousands of years old. Marriages between cultivators were not as complicated and did not require a matchmaker to act as a matchmaker. Marriages between cultivators were usually very straightforward.
However, Cui Yun was quite impressive. He actually proposed marriage to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall at the Martial Arts Conference?
Although his father was the number one person in the Central Domain, the gap between Cui Yun and Ning Yudie was not small!
Cui Yun was only a warrior in the middle stage of the Divine Core Realm. He could be considered an expert in the Central Domain, but he could not be considered a peerless expert!
However, Ning Yudie was a warrior in the False Tribulation Realm. Although she cultivated the "Empyrean Maiden Technique" and had to disperse her cultivation and had just entered the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, it would not take long for her to recover to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. She was a top expert in the Central Domain. She might be weaker than Cui Xie, but she was definitely not someone that Cui Yun could match!
When a warrior proposed marriage, he didn't care about status, wealth, matchmakers, or a matchmaker, he only cared about strength!
As a Divine Core warrior, he actually proposed marriage to Ning Yudie who was a False Tribulation Realm warrior. Although he had a Saint Item with him, wasn't his face a little too thick?
Besides, Ning Yudie was the goddess in the hearts of many warriors!
Cui Yun's words of "become my woman" had instantly angered all the warriors in the stands.
"You think all the women in the world are yours because of your father? You're too shameless!"
"A toad lusting after a swan's meat! Ning Yudie is not someone that can be taken away by a Saint Item!"
"What a good plan! Not only did he get Ning Yudie, he also got a top fourth grade Sect's Cloud Hall! Hehe, a Saint Item … this is a good deal!"
Although the strength of these martial artists was very weak, they did have a scale in their hearts. This Cui Yun was too shameless. For a time, all kinds of unpleasant words were spread from the stands.
Perhaps it was because some of the words were really nasty, Cui Yun turned around and said with a cold voice, "What nonsense are you talking about? Do you want to die? "
"So what if I said it? You're shameless! "
"Under the heavens, is there anyone who is better at doing business than you? Do you think we're all idiots? "
"Your father's domineering attitude is reasonable, because your father has the strength to do so! You're domineering my ass! Without your father, who the fuck knows who you are?! "
Although the Eastern Evil King was here as well, most of the warriors were sure that Cui Yun wouldn't dare do anything here. After all, this was the Martial Dao Competition, and Cui Yun and Cui Xie didn't have the guts to kill hundreds of thousands of warriors. The World Business Alliance couldn't sit back and do nothing. Everyone was talking at once, and they weren't afraid of Cui Yun's threat at all.
Ning Yudie chuckled and glanced at Cui Xie. Then, she stared at Cui Yun with a cold expression. "Did your father ask you to do this? Wasn't it enough that you wanted Luo Yan just now? What do you think our Cloud Hall is? And … are you worthy of me? "
Cui Xie had asked once before, and the Cloud Hall didn't want to offend Cui Xie. So, although they were unwilling, they still sent Luo Yan over.

Chapter 480
Hearing Ning Yudie's sarcastic words, Cui Yun was neither humble nor overbearing. With a smile on her face, she continued, "Palace Master Ning, are you referring to the gap between our cultivation levels? If that's the case, then I'm indeed not worthy. But, with my Divine rank talent, it's only a matter of time before I step into the Void Tribulation realm. As long as I have enough luck, it's not impossible for me to break through to the Void Tribulation realm. "
"Divine rank talent!"
"That guy is bragging, right? Divine rank talent? When has the Central Domain ever given birth to anyone? "
"According to historical records, no Divine rank genius has ever been born in the Central Domain. Only six Divine rank geniuses were born in the four Divine Kingdoms, and these six Divine rank geniuses all built their own Divine Kingdoms!"
"Seriously? He has such an incredible father, and he also has Divine rank talent? How is he going to survive?!"
Hearing the discussions of the warriors in the stands, Cui Yun's lips curled into an arc, and there was a faint smile on his face.
When Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect heard Cui Yun's words, he quickly said, "Eldest senior brother, eldest senior brother, he said he also has Divine rank talent! Didn't you say Divine rank talent is very precious …? "
Eldest senior brother rolled his eyes, but he didn't say anything. This youngest junior brother of his would never let him have peace of mind.
Actually, eldest senior brother was curious as well. In recent years, many geniuses had emerged from the Central Domain, and it was as if the strength of all the disciples from different sects had improved overnight! In the past, it was rare for any top disciple from different sects to be able to control even a tiny bit of the Laws when they were at the Divine Core realm. But, in recent years, Divine Core warriors were everywhere!
It was as if all the geniuses had emerged overnight.
In the past, a Heaven rank genius would be highly valued by the sect, and a Saint rank genius would only be born once every few decades. But now, there were more than 10 Saint rank geniuses in the Void Spirit Sect, and a Divine rank genius was born as well …
What was going on in the Central Domain? Why did it suddenly become a place filled with heroes?
"Divine rank talent?"
The disciples of the Cloud Hall were not convinced at first, especially Xuanyuan Xiao. They wanted to enter the arena and beat this kid up with one punch!
However, after hearing about God-tier talent, Xuanyuan Xiao suddenly felt powerless.
As a Heaven-grade genius, Xuanyuan Xiao was already a top elite in the Cloud Hall. If Cui Yun had a Saint-grade talent, Xuanyuan Xiao could accept it, but he actually had a God-grade talent!
It was said that those with Divine Tier talent would have the fate of becoming emperors in the future. They would be able to become the top experts of the Great Thousand World and roam the universe!
Could the guy in front of him do it?
"Enough! Cui Yun, this is the Martial Arts Conference. Let's fight in the arena! "Xuanyuan Xiao walked to Cui Yun, stretched out his hand and said," Please! "
Cui Yun turned a blind eye to Xuanyuan Xiao's invitation. She only smiled at Ning Yudie and said, "Lord of the Cloud Hall, please accept my gift!"
With Ning Yudie's temper, she should have scolded this kid and kicked him down. However, as the Lord of the Cloud Hall, she still had to consider the consequences. Cui Xie was already sitting firmly in the West Mountain. As his father, he didn't say a word. However, this matter must have been approved by Cui Xie.
What was this father and son duo up to?
At this moment, laughter suddenly came from below the high platform. "Haha, you tricked my Lord with a Saint-grade weapon? Do you think that I, the Lord of the Cloud Hall, am a child? Do you think I'll go with you just because you give me a candy? No matter how good my wishful thinking is, it's not your way of fighting! "
The person who spoke was Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Cui Yun's face suddenly darkened.
Although those warriors were talking nonsense in the stands, Cui Yun didn't target them. After all, there were too many people. However, no one dared to jump out and speak! After all, whoever jumped out at this time had to consider his identity, probably his father's identity!
"A Saint-grade weapon?" Cui Xie stared at Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Who do you think you are? How dare you talk about a Saint-grade weapon? Have you ever seen one in your life? "
Luo Zheng smacked his lips and shook his head. "I said you were a bumpkin, but you didn't believe me. How can you take out a Saint-grade weapon? And this Saint-grade weapon is just a crown!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng quickly walked towards Ning Yudie. As he walked, he gently tapped the sumeru ring that Ning Yudie gave him. With a flash of light, he took out a protective armor from the ring.
"Little Die, this protective armor is a bit ugly, but it is still a Saint-grade protective armor …" After saying that, Luo Zheng actually walked in front of Ning Yudie and put the protective armor issued by the Dragon Bloodline Clan on Ning Yudie.
When Ning Yudie saw Luo Zheng take out a Body Protecting Treasure Robe, her whole body froze. She didn't even have time to identify the grade of this Body Protecting Treasure Robe before she heard Luo Zheng call her Little Die in front of so many people! Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of anger. Just as she was about to flare up, Luo Zheng actually ran over and put the protective armor on her!
Ning Yudie's body suddenly stiffened …
This was in front of hundreds of thousands of martial artists! Although martial artists didn't care about trifles, and female martial artists were often more open to ordinary people, which disciple of the Cloud Hall dared to put a protective armor on the Hall Master?
However, was this protective armor really a Saint-grade protective armor? She couldn't tell!
However, as soon as Ning Yudie put on this Body Protecting Treasure Robe, ripples of light began to appear on the surface of the robe. These ripples interlocked with each other, forming a small energy shield that wrapped around her whole body!
At the same time, a warm aura was transmitted into Ning Yudie's body. She felt that her physical strength had increased by 40%!
She didn't expect this protective armor to have such an effect! It could definitely be ranked among the Saint-grade!
In that warm wrapping, Luo Zheng's previous offensive behavior seemed to be insignificant. Ning Yudie was very clear about the value of this protective armor …
Defensive magic treasures were always much more valuable than offensive magic treasures!
There were no mid-grade Saint-grade weapons in the Central Domain, but if someone took out a mid-grade Saint-grade weapon to exchange for this protective armor, she definitely wouldn't agree. Only a fool would agree!
"This protective armor … Not bad, it's indeed a Saint-grade treasure." Ning Yudie said with a smile, "It's just a bit ugly, but I can make do with it!"
Ning Yudie's last sentence almost caused many people to fall to the ground …
Listen to her, her words were naturally for Cui Yun to hear.
"It's okay if it's ugly. I'll find you a nicer one in the future," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Plop …"
In the stands, many warriors really fell to the ground.
"It's really a Saint-grade protective armor. Oh my god … The value of this protective armor is probably higher than the Void Spirit Sect's Heavenly Soul Banner, the World Business Alliance's Copper Coin of Time, and Cui Xie's Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade. It's the most valuable treasure in the Central Domain!"
"But that Luo Zheng is so daring? That's too much. Cui Yun is probably going to find a hole to hide in! He'll find a nicer one … Is it so easy to find a Saint-grade weapon? "
"This Luo Zheng is really generous. He actually gave away a Saint-grade weapon just like that …"
"Who the hell is he to Ning Yudie? He's obviously a disciple of the Cloud Hall, but he doesn't seem to listen to Ning Yudie's orders at all. He even called her Xiao Die … What's going on? "
In the midst of everyone's discussion, Cui Yun's face was already ashen.
This guy at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm could actually take out a Saint-grade weapon, and it was a protective armor!
Although the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown was a Saint-grade weapon, it was only a crown after all. It could be considered an accessory. In comparison, Luo Zheng's protective armor was much more valuable.
The biggest question was … Who was the one who made this protective armor? Why was it so ugly?
How could he have known that this Saint-grade weapon was the uniform of the Dragon Abyss Palace? It was for the soldiers of the Dragon Abyss Palace to wear, and almost everyone had a piece. This protective armor naturally only cared about its function. How could they pay attention to its appearance?
The three fatso leaders of the General Commerce League exchanged glances with each other, their eyes filled with disbelief …
In fact, the World Business Alliance had more than one Saint-grade weapon. However, outsiders only knew of one, and that was the Copper Coin of Time.
But even the two Saint-grade weapons in the World Business Alliance that had never been seen by the public could not be compared to the protective armor that Luo Zheng gave to Ning Yudie.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 481
Treasures like the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown usually had some special effects.
For example, it could increase the power of laws or increase one's cultivation speed while wearing the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown.
For example, the World Business Alliance's Copper Coin of Time contained a trace of the law of time. Wearing the Copper Coin of Time to cultivate would increase one's cultivation by six hours every day!
Don't underestimate these six hours. A cultivator's lifespan was very long. After decades and centuries of accumulation, these six hours would be a lot. The ancient giant of the World Business Alliance also relied on this Copper Coin of Time to maintain such a long lifespan!
However, these effects were not as direct as weapons and defensive equipment.
Weapons directly determined the opponent's life, while defensive equipment determined one's own life.
If one didn't even have one's life, what was the use of piling up a mountain of other Sage artifacts?
On the other hand, a Saint-grade defensive armor could block an opponent's attack, which was equivalent to saving one's life in many cases!
"What's going on with this Luo Zheng? He seems to have endless secrets!" Yan Yueshan couldn't hold back. Among the three alliance masters, he was the most impatient.
Shi Kefan smiled helplessly. "They're really convinced that the Cloud Hall can produce such a person … It seems like the Cloud Hall will definitely become a fifth-grade sect."
These years, the Cloud Hall had been trying to become a fifth-grade sect. The Cloud Hall's foundation was almost complete. Previously, Ning Yudie had appeared. As long as she mastered the "Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra", the chances of her breaking through to the False Tribulation Realm would be very high. After that, the Cloud Hall would basically be able to confirm its status as a fifth-grade sect and be on par with the Void Spirit Sect.
However, Luo Zheng had appeared now. Luo Zheng, who had mastered perfect brush strokes, would definitely become the most powerful runemaster in the Central Domain in the future.
It was fine if he was just a runemaster. After all, runemasters were not cultivators. Although he could be of great help to the Cloud Hall, it was not decisive.
However, this kid had completely mastered the first level of the fire-elemental law …
He was also a body-tempering cultivator. The strength of his physical body was rare in the world …
Now, in order to give Cui Yun a slap in the face, he actually casually took out a Saint-level protective armor …
The three Alliance Masters felt that their thoughts were in a mess. How could such a monstrous fellow be born? What was wrong with this world? Did he no longer belong to the group of False Tribulation Realm experts? Since when did a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist become so famous in the Central Domain?
Moreover, they didn't know what level Luo Zheng's talent was at.
However, Luo Zheng was able to easily defeat an elite disciple of the Blood Wood Cliff with his cultivation at the 4th level of the Divine Reflection Realm. His talent was simply immeasurable! If he could easily defeat a Divine Core warrior when he was still at the Divine Reflection realm, wouldn't that mean he could challenge a False Tribulation warrior after breaking through to the Divine Core realm?
When Madam Poison Blood saw this, she had a complicated expression on her face. Women were always jealous. Although Ning Yudie was a few hundred years younger than her, in the world of cultivators, age was never a problem.
She was also a Sect Master from a 4th rank Sect, but there was someone who was fighting to give her a Saint-level item. This made Madam Poison Blood go crazy with jealousy. She felt even worse than when Luo Zheng defeated her Blood Wood Cliff's disciple!
As for Cui Xie, he was also looking at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. He was even more puzzled.
"This young man called Luo Zheng, he looks familiar, very familiar … but I can't remember where I've seen him before!" Cui Xie was after all the strongest man in the Central Domain. He had a strong mentality. Even though Luo Zheng had slapped his son's face with a Saint-level item, he didn't feel angry at all.
He just couldn't remember where he had seen Luo Zheng before, and that was why he was so puzzled.
As for Cui Yun, he was tightly holding onto the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown in his hand. The dazzling light from the Saint Crown was reflected in his eyes, and it looked so ironic. He suddenly felt that the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown in his hand was burning hot, and he didn't know if he should throw it away or not …
If he threw it away, it would make Cui Yun look petty. Besides, it was a Saint-level item, how could he throw it away? If he didn't throw it away, he would have to face endless ridicule. So, this was something that was nothing in the eyes of others, but Cui Yun treated it as a treasure and kept it as a treasure. This was too shameful!
In the end, a smile emerged on Cui Yun's face. He said in a self-mocking tone, "Since the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall doesn't want to accept it, I'll give it up for now. In the future, when my strength increases, I hope I'll be able to receive the Palace Master's favor. I, Cui Yun, am extremely lucky!"
"Good! You're indeed my son. You're neither servile nor overbearing. You can endure humiliation and make progress! "Cui Xie suddenly said with a smile. His calm voice drilled into everyone's ears. His words could be considered to have saved Cui Yun's face.
In fact, it was obviously a slap in the face for failing to propose marriage, but in Cui Xie's words, it seemed to have become a humiliating and inspirational matter. He almost said, "A real man doesn't have to worry about not having a wife" …
"Father, what your son wants to do is to surpass you. If I can't even bear this small matter, how can I surpass you?" A confident smile appeared on Cui Yun's face again. Then he jumped up and stood firmly on the arena. He said to Xuanyuan Xiao, "Then, let's get down to business. Xuanyuan Xiao, let's continue the battle!"
Although Cui Yun's face was full of smiles, when his eyes moved to Luo Zheng, there was a trace of viciousness in the depths of his eyes. Cui Yun had never been a magnanimous person.
However, with Luo Zheng's strength, if he challenged Luo Zheng face to face, it would be a humiliation for him. A Divine Core genius, and a Divine Core genius at that, challenging a Fourth Level Divine Reflection Realm disciple? What kind of Divine Core genius would he be?
Although he couldn't challenge Luo Zheng face to face, it didn't mean he would let go of Luo Zheng. Cui Yun was startled, and a murderous intent emerged in his heart. Luo Zheng had to die in the Martial Dao Competition!
However, Cui Yun didn't expect that Luo Zheng was thinking the same thing. He was going to use the challenge token in his hand on Cui Yun.
If he challenged Si Miaoling directly, it would definitely arouse Cui Xie's suspicion. It was highly possible that Cui Xie was already suspecting his identity. Cui Yun just hoped that Cui Xie wouldn't connect the dots.
If Luo Zheng defeated Cui Yun, then challenged Si Miaoling, it would make sense. As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and someone who had a conflict with Cui Xie, it was understandable that he would challenge Si Miaoling. Moreover, because he had defeated Cui Yun, Si Miaoling might even challenge him!
This was the biggest reason why Luo Zheng chose to stand out.
However, Ning Yudie obviously didn't think too deeply about it. Her face was completely covered by the icy mist. Right now, she was leaning against a large chair, and a puzzled look could be seen in her eyes … This guy, how many secrets did he have? Even though she was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, she couldn't see through him at all.
Xuanyuan Xiao of the Cloud Hall had long been unhappy with Cui Yun. When he saw Cui Yun standing in the arena, he also jumped down!
Right at the instant Xuanyuan Xiao stood on the battle arena, a strange scene appeared. With Xuanyuan Xiao as the center, circle after circle of ripples spread out! It was as if the entire arena was filled with water!
"It's the power of the Water Law. Xuanyuan Xiao's main cultivation method is the Water Law! He seems to have comprehended 60% of the Water Law! "
"It was really worth coming to this Martial Arts Conference. Most of the warriors have comprehended the Power of Law!"
"What about Cui Yun? What kind of cultivation method is he cultivating? "
Cui Yun's expression was very calm as she stared at Xuanyuan Xiao indifferently. Her thoughts weren't on Xuanyuan Xiao at all.
In her eyes, Xuanyuan Xiao's strength was simply not worth mentioning. In this Martial Arts Conference, the only person who was a threat to her was Zong Jie of the Void Spirit Sect. As for the others … they were just a joke.
Zeng!
Xuanyuan Xiao drew his sword and pointed the light blue sword at Cui Yun. "Cui Yun, draw your sword!"
Although Luo Zheng had just helped the Cloud Hall regain some face, Cui Yun shamelessly boasted and actually asked Ning Yudie to be his woman. This was intolerable. In the eyes of the Cloud Hall disciples, it was absolutely unforgivable.
Cui Yun indifferently sized up Xuanyuan Xiao's sword as if it didn't exist at all.
However …
A moment ago, his expression was as calm as water. The next moment, a ruthless aura surged to his somewhat handsome face.
He was already extremely unhappy in his heart, but Xuanyuan Xiao still dared to provoke him.

Chapter 482
He had already comprehended 80% of the law of wind, and he didn't know that he was cultivating a wind-type cultivation method. He had also mastered another type of law, which meant that he was cultivating two types of laws at the same time!
However, Cui Yun wasn't interested in showing off her achievements in the law. Cui Yun only had one goal at the moment, and that was to vent.
Seeing Cui Yun rushing over like a wild beast, Xuanyuan Xiao's expression changed. He tapped the ground with his sword and raised his wrist.
"Waterspout!"
"Whoosh whoosh …"
A waterspout suddenly emerged from the ground of the arena and rushed toward Cui Yun.
The waterspout rotated extremely quickly. Even a city wall would be destroyed in an instant by this waterspout. However, Cui Yun didn't stop at all, nor did she have any intention of dodging. She actually rushed toward the waterspout.
The moment Cui Yun touched the waterspout, Cui Yun crossed her hands and began to attack the waterspout.
The waterspout, which contained a great impact, couldn't withstand a single blow from Cui Yun. Cui Yun braved the impact of the waterspout and went straight for Xuanyuan Xiao.
"Die!"
Cui Yun grabbed at Xuanyuan Xiao.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Xiao stomped his foot and another water ripple spread out. The moment the water ripple spread, it actually pushed Cui Yun back. Cui Yun's grab missed, but she didn't react to Xuanyuan Xiao's trick at all. She grabbed at Xuanyuan Xiao again.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Xiao rolled on the ground and dodged Cui Yun's grab.
After getting up, Xuanyuan Xiao held his sword horizontally. He held the sword with one hand and the hilt with the other. He closed his eyes and muttered, "With the power of the sea god, give it to my body. With the thought of purifying water, attach it to my will …"
"There's no chance." Cui Yun's expression was calm. A gentle breeze blew, and her figure had already floated in front of Xuanyuan Xiao. She reached out and grabbed at him. "Die!"
Haste makes waste. Cui Yun didn't fight Xuanyuan Xiao seriously at all. She only wanted to torture Xuanyuan Xiao to death to vent her dissatisfaction.
However, Xuanyuan Xiao was a top disciple of the Cloud Hall. He wasn't as weak as Cui Yun thought.
Facing Cui Yun's grab, Xuanyuan Xiao's sword bounced back!
Even if Cui Yun was much stronger than Xuanyuan Xiao, she wasn't Luo Zheng. She didn't have such an abnormal physique. Cui Yun wouldn't catch Xuanyuan Xiao's sword with her bare hands.
Cui Yun could only retreat.
However, Cui Yun's retreat didn't mean that she gave up on the attack. After dodging Xuanyuan Xiao's sword, a powerful wind wrapped around Cui Yun. Then, her figure disappeared in the wind.
"Wind Barrier!"
Only when one had a certain level of understanding of the law of wind could they use the Wind Barrier and hide their figure in the wind.
How could Xuanyuan Xiao not know that the danger was in the wind?
He pointed his sword at the ground and drew a circle. When the tip of the sword left the ground, the ripples on the ground began to spread.
After the ripples spread, Xuanyuan Xiao saw many water ripples floating to his right.
"Over here, break!"
Xuanyuan Xiao swung his sword, but right at this moment, a voice sounded out in his ears. "You've guessed wrong. Besides … I'm not interested in playing hide and seek with you."
When he heard the voice, Xuanyuan Xiao immediately leapt to the right. But, it was too late, Cui Yun's grab had arrived.
"Slash!"
Although Xuanyuan Xiao had pulled away from Cui Yun in time, half of his arm was still sliced into pieces by the tiny wind blades in Cui Yun's hand. Half of his arm was now crippled!
Those who were able to break through to the Divine Core realm were all men with strong minds. Xuanyuan Xiao had experienced countless dangers in his life. Enduring the intense pain coming from his arm, he quickly retreated and started swinging his sword with his other hand.
"Huff … huff …"
Another gust of wind blew past. Before Xuanyuan Xiao could raise his sword, Cui Yun had arrived in front of Xuanyuan Xiao. Once again, she grabbed at Xuanyuan Xiao.
"Clang!"
Xuanyuan Xiao's sword fell to the ground, and both of his arms were crippled.
"Is there any use in struggling?" With a grin on her face, Cui Yun raised both of her hands. Green wind blades started shooting out from her wrists. "I don't want to play anymore, you can die now!" After that, she slapped at Xuanyuan Xiao.
Killing wasn't forbidden in the Martial Dao Competition, but only if the opponent didn't admit defeat.
The reason why Luo Zheng was being so careful was because he didn't want to alert Si Miaoling. If Si Miaoling found out that he wanted to kill her, his plan would be ruined once she admitted defeat.
Cui Yun was in the same situation. She didn't want to give Xuanyuan Xiao the chance to admit defeat. Therefore, after crippling both of Xuanyuan Xiao's arms, she immediately unleashed her killing strike.
Right at this critical moment, Xuanyuan Xiao clenched his teeth and bit his tongue, burning his own blood essence.
While burning his blood essence, he circulated his True Yuan and formed several dark-blue water curtains around him, blocking Cui Yun.
"Break!"
These dark-blue water curtains couldn't even withstand a single blow from Cui Yun. They shattered with just a swipe of Cui Yun's hand, but they were still effective in slowing down Cui Yun's attack.
Right at this moment, Xuanyuan Xiao had finally won himself a chance. He pulled away from Cui Yun and retreated to the edge of the arena.
"I admit defeat!"
Hearing Xuanyuan Xiao's words, Elder Xiao removed the light curtain barrier and came in front of Xuanyuan Xiao.
At this time, Cui Yun obviously hadn't vented enough. She rushed over in front of Elder Xiao and said with a grim smile, "In the Martial Arts Conference, life and death are up to fate. How can you admit defeat?" She still wanted to kill Xuanyuan Xiao.
"Enough." Elder Xiao's face darkened and he stood in front of Cui Yun.
After all, Elder Xiao was a master of the False Tribulation Realm. Cui Yun couldn't challenge Elder Xiao at a higher level, so she could only give up. He was so angry that he couldn't even kill Xuanyuan Xiao. His stomach was burning with more and more anger.
"Well, both sides leave the arena and wait for the next challenge. Cui Yun, go and draw a card!" Elder Xiao's mustache twitched. Even if Cui Yun was Cui Xie's son, he couldn't break the rules of the Martial Arts Conference!
Cui Yun suppressed the anger in her heart. When she heard Elder Xiao asking her to draw a card, her eyes lit up. If she drew a challenge card, she could directly challenge Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Cui Yun went over and began to draw a card. After drawing a wooden card, she turned it over and saw the words "Avoid Battle" written on it.
"Crack …"
The Avoid Battle card was instantly crushed by Cui Yun. Cui Yun didn't need the Avoid Battle card at all!
Then Cui Yun returned to the high platform without looking back.
Cui Xie looked at his son's angry face and smiled. "You still can't control your anger."
"Dad, didn't you tell me not to control myself!" Cui Yun said gloomily.
Everyone's heart of martial arts was different. Some people were calmer, the stronger their strength would be, while some people were angrier, the better their strength would be. This was the type of heart of martial arts.
Cui Xie and Cui Yun, father and son, could exert their full strength when they were angry.
Cui Xie shook his head and said, "The anger I'm talking about can be your motivation, but you've poured anger into your mind, and it has become your resistance. You need to know how to be angry, and how to use anger …"
"Dad, you're right." Cui Yun nodded.
Cui Yun had made up her mind. No matter whether she could be matched with Luo Zheng or not, as long as she drew the first challenge card, she would challenge Luo Zheng.
Who knew that just as Elder Xiao was preparing for the next battle, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted, "Wait!"
Ning Yudie also looked at Luo Zheng in confusion. Although this guy had returned to the high platform of the Cloud Hall, he seemed to be thinking about something.
Elder Xiao asked, "What's the matter?"
"I want to use the challenge card!" Luo Zheng said loudly.
"Who do you want to challenge?" Elder Xiao and Ning Yudie asked almost at the same time.
Everyone also focused on Luo Zheng. He was the first person to use the challenge card in the Martial Arts Competition. They didn't know who Luo Zheng wanted to challenge.
Could it be that he wanted to challenge Si Miaoling? Ning Yudie frowned and thought.
Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect looked very eager. "Pick me, pick me!" Xiao Jie had been waiting for so long, but it was not his turn to fight. He was very depressed.
"I want to challenge the independent warrior, Cui Yun!" Luo Zheng took out the challenge card in his hand and pointed to the high platform where the East Evil King was.
"Challenge me?" Cui Yun was slightly stunned. She just wanted to get the challenge card and kill Luo Zheng! She didn't expect that before this idea disappeared, Luo Zheng would challenge himself.
Do I look weak? Why do you dare to challenge me?

Chapter 483
When they heard that Luo Zheng was going to challenge Cui Yun, all the warriors on the spectator stand were startled.
Luo Zheng's performance in the previous two matches was indeed amazing.
Body refining skill, Law of Fire …
It was impossible for a guy at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm to possess such powerful abilities.
But, this kind of thing always happened. Not only did Luo Zheng defeat Gongsun Zhen from the Gongsun family, he also defeated Bu Qiu from the Blood Wood Cliff. Two wins in two matches, this wasn't just a matter of luck, it was enough to prove that Luo Zheng's strength was indeed comparable to a Divine Core warrior.
No matter if they were willing to admit it or not, this was the truth.
"I admit that Luo Zheng is amazing, a Divine Reflection warrior challenging a Divine Core warrior … this hasn't happened for many years, but he actually challenged Cui Yun!"
"He's courting death, but that has nothing to do with us."
"Cui Yun didn't even use her full strength in the previous match, but she still crushed Xuanyuan Xiao from the Cloud Hall like a dog! Luo Zheng? I think he's just a joke in front of Cui Yun. "
When they heard Luo Zheng's challenge, all the disciples from the Cloud Hall had their eyes lit up.
Xuanyuan Xiao was the strongest amongst all the Divine Core disciples, and his strength was on par with Zong Mo Xie. Just now, Xuanyuan Xiao was brutally crushed by Cui Yun, and he was nearly killed by Cui Yun! As disciples from the Cloud Hall, how could they not be angry?
But, being angry was useless. This was how cultivators were, if they were weaker than others, they would only be stepped on.
Xuanyuan Xiao swallowed a healing pill to receive treatment. When he heard that Luo Zheng wanted to challenge Cui Yun, a trace of light bloomed in his eyes. At the same time, there was a flicker of worry.
Luo Zheng, could he be Cui Yun's match?
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng and hesitated for a moment before asking, "Are you … confident?"
Luo Zheng turned to look at Ning Yudie and smiled confidently. "Why not?"
Seeing his smile, Ning Yudie's heart warmed up and she actually started to jump. A person's most charming moment was when he was full of confidence.
Even in the face of a strong opponent like Cui Yun, Luo Zheng didn't show the slightest bit of fear …
After Luo Zheng left the high platform, Ning Yudie faintly said, "Perhaps you really can assassinate Si Miaoling. If Cui Xie makes a move, I will do my best to help you …"
In the stands, Red Maple's mouth was wide open. He stared at Luo Zheng, who had just stepped into the arena. After a while, he said, "He, he really wants to challenge Cui Yun."
Pei Tianyao's expression was calm as he faintly said, "It would be strange if he didn't challenge Cui Yun."
Hua Tianming nodded. Luo Zheng had created too many miracles. Back in the Blue Cloud Sect, who could have imagined that Luo Zheng could win first place?
Therefore, Hua Tianming once again walked towards the betting area.
"What are you going to do?" Red Maple turned into a gust of wind and blocked in front of Hua Tianming.
"I'm going to bet all the money I just won on Luo Zheng," Hua Tianming said faintly.
Just now, Luo Zheng defeated Bu Qiu, which was already an upset. They had already made a lot of money from that round.
"All the money I have! No, at least give me back my capital! "Red Maple begged.
"Get out of the way," Hua Tianming was too lazy to pay attention to Red Maple.
"No!" Red Maple straightened his neck again.
"Get out of the way!"
"No …"
"Whoosh —"
The snow-white long sword was pressed against Red Maple's neck. Red Maple could only obediently move aside.
In fact, based on strength alone, Hua Tianming was not optimistic about Luo Zheng. However, based on Hua Tianming's understanding of Luo Zheng, that kid never did anything he was not confident in. No matter how unfavorable the situation seemed to be to him, it was still under his control in the end.
Therefore, Hua Tianming was going to bet on this round.
Because the difference in strength between Luo Zheng and Cui Yun was too great, the betting odds set by the banker were shockingly high. Of course, the vast majority of martial artists bet on Cui Yun.
Although these martial artists did not like Cui Yun, her strength was obvious. If they bet on Luo Zheng, they would probably have to throw their true origin stones into the river.
Luo Zheng stepped into the arena and glanced at Cui Yun indifferently. Before he spoke, Cui Yun spoke first.
"Your courage is worthy of my admiration," Cui Yun said with a smile. "However, courage is based on strength. Your strength is not enough, but you still dare to challenge me. In fact, this is not a kind of courage. This is called recklessness and sloppiness."
Hearing Cui Yun's words, Luo Zheng said faintly, "I can see that you are very confident, but your confidence is not based on strength. This is called blind arrogance!"
Being refuted by Luo Zheng's sharp words, Cui Yun's expression froze slightly. Then she sneered and said, "Interesting, really interesting. At this time, you still dare to be so glib … Do you really have this strength, or are you just putting up a brave front?"
"Just take it that I'm putting up a brave front," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
"Then I'll see how long you can put up a brave front." After that, Cui Yun pulled out the blade in her hand. It was a simple and unadorned Buddhist Commandment Blade that looked very ordinary.
"Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade! That's Cui Xie's blade! It's also a Divine Weapon! "
"This nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade accompanied Cui Xie throughout the Central Domain. I didn't expect that he would pass it on to his son in the end!"
"If it weren't for Luo Zheng's protective armor, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade should be one of the best Divine Weapons in the Central Domain, right?"
Cui Yun pulled out the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in her hand and waved it gently. There was a strange fluctuation in the air, as if this Buddhist Commandment Blade could blend into the air.
"I won't make a mistake this time. Just now, Xuanyuan Xiao from your Cloud Hall was lucky enough to escape. This time, I won't give you a chance to admit defeat." After that, a foot-long wind blade appeared beside Cui Yun, and then the wind blade continuously wrapped around her.
Cui Yun's wind blade was a little strange. There was a faint silver light on the edge of the wind blade, as if the invisible wind blade was plated with a layer of blade.
"Hmm? The second kind of Law Power? That's the Law of Gold … "Looking at Cui Yun's wind blade, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly." He fused two kinds of laws? "
Qinglong snorted coldly. "Fuse my ass. This is just a clever method of embedding two kinds of laws together. You can do it too! Do you think it's so easy to fuse laws? I'm afraid no one in your Great Wide World can fuse laws! "
"Embedding two kinds of laws together, that's a good method," Luo Zheng nodded his head.
Because of Qinglong's explanation, Luo Zheng didn't pay too much attention to Cui Yun's usage of the two kinds of laws. But, those warriors were different.
"Everyone, look! The Law of Gold! Cui Yun has comprehended 70% of the Law of Gold as well! No, I think he has comprehended 80% of the Law of Gold! "
"Comprehending two kinds of laws at the Divine Core realm, how monstrous is he? My heart … "
"Is he fusing laws together? This is the first time I've seen someone use two kinds of laws at the same time! Even if Luo Zheng has mastered the complete Law of Fire, I don't think he can defend against Cui Yun's attack! "
Hearing those words, Luo Zheng smiled. A gust of wind began to blow around him …
The howling wind kept wrapping around him, and at the same time, countless golden beams emerged from his body. Every time a wind blade appeared, it would be embedded with a golden beam.
Not long after that, golden glowing wind blades began to dance around Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's wind blades looked more plump than Cui Yun's wind blades, and their golden glows were even more dazzling than Cui Yun's silver glows! Luo Zheng said to Qinglong in his mind, "It's just as you said, it's not difficult at all. This isn't a fusion of laws, it's just embedding two kinds of laws together. But, it seems like the power of the two kinds of laws will increase a lot."
Most of the warriors couldn't react to what was happening.
"Doesn't Luo Zheng cultivate a Fire elemental skill?"
"Can someone tell me what this is? Why does it look so similar to the wind blades on Cui Yun's body? Can he copy others? "
"Although I don't believe it myself … but let me tell you, what's floating around Luo Zheng's body is the complete Law of Wind, and the complete Law of Metal!"
Hearing this, most of the warriors fell silent.
The complete Law of Fire, the complete Law of Wind, and the complete Law of Metal …
How did Luo Zheng do it?
"Can anyone tell me how he managed to comprehend so many Laws? Furthermore, all of them are complete!" Just as everyone was silent, an unknown cultivator suddenly shouted. His voice was particularly ear-piercing when it reached the ears of many cultivators.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 484
Cui Yun was a god-level genius, but she had only comprehended two types of Law Powers, and she had only comprehended about eighty percent of each type.
However, Luo Zheng had actually comprehended three types of Law Powers! Moreover, all three types of Law Powers were complete!
Cultivators had different affinities with each type of Law. Some people had a strong affinity with the Wind Element Law, while others had a weaker affinity with the Fire Element Law. Therefore, under normal circumstances, cultivators would only comprehend one type of Law Powers.
In the Central Domain, there were no more than twenty geniuses who could comprehend two types of Law Powers.
Therefore, many cultivators were shocked by Cui Yun's two types of Law Powers. As expected of a god-level genius who could cultivate both the Wind Element Law and the Metal Element Law at the same time.
However, they never expected that Luo Zheng had completely replicated Cui Yun's Law Powers … and used both the West Wind Element Law and the Metal Element Law at the same time …
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had clearly used the Fire Element Law, so everyone thought that Luo Zheng majored in a fire-element cultivation method. However, when he suddenly did this, many cultivators could not accept it. This was too exaggerated!
"It's the Rising Dragon Arena, right …" Shi Kefan guessed as he looked at the Law Powers on Luo Zheng's body.
"I think so too. This kid must have obtained a great opportunity after entering the Rising Dragon Arena. It's very difficult to find complete Law Powers in the Central Domain, so he most likely obtained them from the Rising Dragon Arena. However, it's not easy to comprehend three types of Law Powers in the Upper Realm … This kid's talent is not simple," Mo Haishan, who had been silent all this time, said lightly.
Among the three Alliance Masters, Shi Kefan was the most astute and tactful, Yan Yueshan was the most hot-tempered, and Mo Haishan was the most taciturn. Mo Haishan, who was known as the "Silent October," could not help but speak up.
After hearing Mo Haishan's words, the three of them looked at the Rising Dragon Arena not far away in unison. They also wanted to know what Luo Zheng had encountered on the Rising Dragon Arena.
The greatest reason why Luo Zheng was able to obtain such fortuitous encounters in the upper world was because of the azure dragon. The reason why he could comprehend the nine Laws was because of the baptism of the Laws, allowing his affinity with the various Laws to reach perfection.
If one ignored the Law Baptism, even the god-level geniuses in the Central Domain could only comprehend two or three types of Law Powers. This was why the Dragon Abyss Palace valued Luo Zheng!
Elder Xiao's eyes... four types of Law Powers..................... when........................ four types.................
Elder Xiao hadn't paid much attention to Luo Zheng's attack, and Luo Zheng's attack had only lasted for an instant. Elder Xiao hadn't had time to determine how much power of law Luo Zheng's attack had contained. However, to be able to change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone for an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng had most likely fully grasped the first level of the Thunder Law.
. Four types of Law Powers... Did this kid comprehend all the Laws?
Cui Yun held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade and looked at the golden wind blade on Luo Zheng's body with a serious expression. There was a hint of madness in his eyes. "So that's how it is … I've underestimated you. This is your confidence! Haha! "
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
Cui Yun gently waved the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber in his hand. Ripples appeared on the saber's blade, as though space itself was about to be sliced apart by the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber. "You are too naive and childish if you wish to challenge me with just the power of laws!"
The origin of Cui Xie's nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was very mysterious. Countless people had died under this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, but no one knew the origin of this blade.
"Then I'll show you the terrifying power of a divine weapon!" As the light curtain gradually dissipated, Cui Yun pointed the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade at Luo Zheng. "Even the Law Powers can't make up for the gap between our cultivation!"
After saying that, Cui Yun held the Buddhist Commandment Blade horizontally. A quaint light flashed on the blade. Then her figure flashed and disappeared in the wind almost without warning.
Luo Zheng's eyes focused. Almost at the moment when Cui Yun disappeared, he pulled out his sword!
The sword was pulled out from the Sumeru Ring.
It was a very simple sword. It looked like a three-foot iron sword that had just been tempered. The light on the blade was not shining, and there were no special decorative patterns on it.
But Luo Zheng pulled out such a sword and casually stretched out his hand above him.
"Clang!"
There was a sound of gold and iron colliding.
After blocking the sword, Luo Zheng gently stabbed the long sword in a certain direction in the air. There was another clang.
As soon as he stabbed the sword, Luo Zheng once again chopped horizontally in a certain direction to the left. There was another clang.
A figure retreated from the wind and staggered back a few steps. Cui Yun's face was slightly pale. Holding the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in her hand, she stared at the iron sword in Luo Zheng's hand like an eagle's. "Is this sword also a divine weapon?"
Luo Zheng gently shook the iron sword in his hand and asked with a smile, "What do you think? I've already said that your crown is common goods … "
Cui Yun had just planned to kill Luo Zheng directly with the power of the divine weapon! With the sharpness of the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in her hand, Luo Zheng could not block it at all!
But she never expected that Luo Zheng would suddenly take out another divine weapon. The three swords she hid in the wind were easily intercepted by Luo Zheng. Moreover, the third sword was actually Luo Zheng's initiative, and Cui Yun had no choice but to defend against it!
"How did you find me?" Cui Yun's body movement was very strange and was very good at hiding, but it was useless against Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng would never tell Cui Yun that his soul had already stepped into the War Soul Realm. The strength of his soul was many times stronger than his. It was too easy to find Cui Yun. He just smiled faintly and said, "It was Feng 'er who betrayed you …"
As the two of them exchanged words, the warriors on the high platform were boiling again.
"Did you see that? This Luo Zheng is really rich! He took out another divine weapon in the blink of an eye, and it's a sword!"
"A sect doesn't even have a Saint Weapon, but this kid has a Saint Rank protective armor and a Saint Rank sword … Did he rob some Divine Nation's treasury?"
"God knows how he did it! Daddy wants to rob him anyway! No matter what, I'm sure he has found some great fortune, and if I can get my hands on it, I'll be able to travel freely in the Central Domain! "
"Rob Luo Zheng? How dare you say that? Look, he's a Divine Reflection warrior, but how can any ordinary Divine Core warrior be his match? Besides, he's also a disciple of the Cloud Hall! "
Cui Yun's expression became gloomy, but soon, a smile emerged on his face. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so difficult to deal with.
Originally, Cui Yun wasn't interested in the Martial Dao Competition. The only person who was worthy of his attention was that guy from the Void Spirit Sect, Little Jie, who was also a Divine Realm warrior like himself. But now that he had bumped into Luo Zheng, his fighting spirit was boiling!
"A little Divine Reflection warrior is worthy of my attention? It's embarrassing, but I have to admit, you do have the qualifications!"
With a crazy smile on his face, Cui Yun gently touched the nameless monk's blade with his finger …
The blade of the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was suddenly stained with blood …
On the high platform, Cui Xie who was sitting on a chair suddenly stood up and shouted, "Yun 'er!"
Cui Yun turned to his father and smiled, "Dad, I know what I'm doing."
Cui Xie furrowed his brows, then slowly sat back down. In Cui Xie's opinion, Luo Zheng wasn't qualified enough for Cui Yun to activate the nameless monk's blade's ability.
However, Cui Yun and Cui Xie had different thoughts. Cui Yun's goal was to kill Luo Zheng with all his strength, he didn't want to give Luo Zheng any chance to turn the situation around!
"Buzz …"
When Cui Yun's blood flowed along the blade and seeped into the patterns on the blade, the nameless monk's blade was covered with a layer of killing intent.
"Drip …"
The blood circled around the nameless monk's blade, then dripped onto the stage. However, the blood didn't seep into the cracks on the stage.
The drops of blood seemed to have grown legs as they kept crawling on the ground. Finally, they gathered together and formed a rune made of blood.
After a while, a hand stretched out from the rune, followed by a shoulder, then a head, a body, and a pair of legs …
A monster made entirely of blood appeared in front of everyone. The monster had two horns on its head, a hunched body, and a blade-like tail on its back. It stood on the spot, exuding an endless evil aura.

Chapter 485
According to legends, the Yellow Spring River was a river that led to hell.
If a person had committed a grave sin, he or she would be burned by the flames of sin, and flow into hell through the Yellow Spring River.
As for what sin was, no one in the Central Domain knew.
Hell, sin, Yellow Spring, reincarnation … these things were just like the immortals and gods in the upper realm. For the warriors in the Central Domain, they were all mysteries that were hard to understand. Only a few words were passed down, and they formed into legends.
Some people thought that sin was actually very similar to killing intent, but killing intent would appear when a person was alive. Killing too many people, killing too many people, would cause one's killing intent to become very strong.
However, sins would only appear before one's death.
When a person was dragged into the Yellow Spring River by sin, he or she would encounter a Yellow Spring Yaksha, a ghost born from the abyss of hell.
"This nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade can summon a Yellow Spring Yaksha, no wonder it's a Saint Item." Luo Zheng raised his brows, and a serious expression emerged on his face.
However, he had no idea what effect the iron sword in his hand had.
When a weapon reached the level of an Immortal Item, it would usually come with some special and powerful effects. For example, some Immortal Items could ignore all defenses, and some Immortal Items contained Immortal Skills.
Too bad, when the Dragon Pool Palace gave him this iron sword and protective armor, they didn't tell him anything. Perhaps, for the Dragon Pool Palace, a standard equipment like this wasn't worth mentioning, so there was no need to explain. Or perhaps, this iron sword only had the strength of a Saint Item, and didn't come with any special effects.
Luo Zheng didn't have too much hope that everyone in the Dragon Pool Palace could have this equipment.
"So what if you've comprehended three Laws? If you've broken through to the Divine Core realm, I might really be no match for you. Too bad … you won't have that chance anymore, you're going to die in this fight! "
Cui Yun didn't give Luo Zheng too much time to think. With a sway of her body, she took a step forward and floated towards Luo Zheng.
When Cui Yun launched her attack, the Yellow Spring Yaksha summoned by Cui Yun's blood roared out as well. It crawled on the ground and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
"Two against one?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Me too!"
Facing Cui Yun's attack, Luo Zheng's mind flickered, and spots of red light shot out from his body. That was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit!
The red light instantly condensed into a perfect woman. Every inch of her skin was as delicate as a baby's, and every proportion of her body was in the golden ratio. It was as if there was no such perfect woman in this world.
"Shua!"
At the instant Yao Ye charged out, a huge sword shot out from Luo Zheng's spatial ring as well. Yao Ye and Luo Zheng's minds were linked, or perhaps it could be said that Yao Ye was completely under Luo Zheng's control. So, their cooperation was perfect.
Yao Ye's slender fingers gripped the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword and slapped it down.
"Boom!"
The Netherworld Yaksha was sent flying by the giant sword like a rubber ball, crashing heavily into the barrier above the arena.
All the other cultivators were speechless when they witnessed this scene.
"Why is there another beauty in the arena? Why is she even waving such a huge sword!?"
"A Netherworld Yaksha wouldn't be so weak. He was blasted flying with a single swing of the sword. Is he really a Netherworld Yaksha?"
"It isn't that the Netherworld Yaksha is weak, it's that woman who's too ferocious …."
Cui Yun had intended to split up and take Luo Zheng's life, but the Netherworld Yaksha was much faster than her. Never had she expected that it would be blasted flying by a single swing of the sword. At this moment, even Cui Yun was stunned.
"Who's that woman? Why does Luo Zheng have so many tricks up his sleeve!? " At this instant, Cui Yun's Martial Dao Heart even shook. However, she was a god rank genius after all, so her confidence wasn't so easily crushed. So, she instantly recovered her composure.
The Netherworld Yaksha wasn't so easy to deal with. At the very least, it couldn't be killed by brute force alone!
So, Cui Yun only had to concentrate on dealing with Luo Zheng.
"Wind Slayer!"
Cui Yun slashed down with her saber. At the same time, thousands of silver wind blades were produced. From a distance, Cui Yun looked like a monster with sharp teeth, biting at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng remained motionless, like a lighthouse facing the raging waves. He held the iron sword in his hand horizontally and used the defensive stance of the Basic Swordsmanship. "Sword Stance!"
Countless wind blades also appeared around his body, but these wind blades were golden in color.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang …"
The wind blades of the two people cut each other. Because of the integration of the Law of Gold, the sound of metal clashing was constantly emitted.
The sound of thousands of wind blades cutting each other merged together and eventually formed a long buzzing sound, as if a steel monster was grinding its teeth.
This strange sound was very uncomfortable to the ears, as if it was going to burst their eardrums.
Even people at the level of Ning Yudie and Madam Poison Blood couldn't help but frown. Most of the warriors had already covered their ears. It was too uncomfortable.
Cui Yun's saber didn't break Luo Zheng's defense. Her figure floated slightly like a fairy flying in the sky. Her body danced in the air at an incredible angle, and she slashed at Luo Zheng again.
"Sky Piercing Slash!"
It had to be said that although Luo Zheng's understanding of the Law of West Wind was deeper than Cui Yun's, he wasn't as skilled as Cui Yun.
After all, Luo Zheng didn't cultivate a wind technique, but Cui Yun had been immersed in it for many years.
"Sword Stance!" Luo Zheng stretched out his iron sword again to block.
"Clang!"
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng blocked Cui Yun's saber. However, there was still saber energy forming behind Luo Zheng's iron sword!
"Puff!"
After the saber energy formed, it shot toward Luo Zheng and directly cut Luo Zheng's shoulder, leaving a deep gully on his shoulder.
Cui Yun's attack succeeded. She revealed a cold smile on her face. "Continue to block. Let's see how long you can block it!"
Cui Yun's Sky Piercing Slash relied on the saber energy produced by the opponent's blocking force! It was similar to the move of the boxing technique, Hitting the Bull Through the Mountain.
Luo Zheng shook his shoulder. With a slight force, the muscles on his shoulder squeezed together and stopped the bleeding.
"I was careless," Luo Zheng said faintly. Even if the Central Domain was only a small place compared to the millions of worlds and 100,000 worlds, the martial arts there were still unique and not useless.
At this moment, another loud sound came from the other side of the arena.
"Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The Flying Yaksha was slapped flying again and again by Yao Ye's sword. It repeatedly slammed into the barrier of light outside the arena, causing the barrier to become unstable again.
Yao Ye's attacks were sharp, but the Yellow Spring Yaksha actually showed no signs of being defeated. Moreover, the Yellow Spring Yaksha's body seemed to be growing larger and larger!
A wisp of a complacent smile appeared on Cui Yun's face when she saw Luo Zheng notice the changes in the Yellow Spring Yaksha. "You noticed?"
It was impossible to kill a ghost like the Yellow Springs Yaksha. On the contrary, under the repeated attacks, the Yellow Springs Yaksha's body grew even larger!
Luo Zheng stared at Cui Yun as he spoke, "So that's how it is. You think that you'll definitely win because I'm unable to annihilate this ghost?"
"If that's all you have, then you can die …" Cui Xie pointed the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade at Luo Zheng once more.
Luo Zheng laughed coldly, "There's no need for me to use my true trump cards against you!"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng issued a command in his heart. Yao Ye gave up on killing the Yellow Spring Yaksha and actually charged towards Cui Yun with his enormous sword.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's figure flashed as he charged towards the Yellow Spring Yaksha himself.
It was equivalent to their attacks switching positions!
Cui Yun was slightly puzzled. However, she didn't have the time to figure out why Luo Zheng had done so. The woman that Luo Zheng had summoned was actually so formidable as well. Her graceful figure was complemented by her enormous sword, and the sword moves she executed were impossible to defend against.
Moreover, that enormous sword of hers wasn't just capable of attacking, it was even capable of effectively blocking Cui Yun's wind blades. Even if his Saint Artifact struck the enormous sword, it would only be able to leave behind an insignificant mark!
On the other hand, on Luo Zheng's side, Luo Zheng was like a rash rhinoceros as he charged directly towards the Yellow Spring Yaksha!
The Yellow Spring Yaksha's body would gradually grow larger every time it suffered an attack. Yao Ye's incessant attacks from before had caused the Yellow Spring Yaksha to grow to the height of two people.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's domineering charge caused the enormous Yellow Spring Yaksha to be blasted flying. Its enormous body smashed against the barrier of light, and it instantly shattered the barrier of light that was already extremely weak!
Luo Zheng shook his shoulders, and strands of Primordial Dipper were ceaselessly being produced. They flowed throughout his body, causing him to feel extremely comfortable.
In the past, Luo Zheng hadn't been aware of the value of Primordial Dipper. However, Luo Zheng understood now. It was a good thing for him. Since the Yellow Spring Yaksha was so durable, Luo Zheng wouldn't let this opportunity slip by.
"That's more like it." Luo Zheng revealed a smile. Just now, he'd borrowed the strength of the 500 dragon scales on Qinglong's body, and he'd unleashed all of them in one go. As expected, its might was unimaginable!
However, Luo Zheng didn't care about the feelings of the spectators.

Chapter 486
The World Business Alliance had been hosting the Martial Arts Conference for hundreds of years. Based on the fact that it was held once every ten years, they had held it dozens of times.
After holding it so many times, they had naturally accumulated a lot of experience.
For example, the problem of the arena's barrier.
During a Martial Arts Conference seventy years ago, two cultivators had fought in the finals. They had burned their blood essence and unleashed their strongest strength. In the end, the barrier had shattered, and the shockwaves had spread to the cultivators in the spectator stands. Over a thousand cultivators had been injured and hundreds had died.
After learning from this painful experience, the World Business Alliance had paid more attention to the facilities of the Martial Arts Conference.
The arena was built with the toughest materials. It was made from a type of extremely strong ironwood that was woven into threads. Then, the toughest basalt was ground into powder and mixed with the ironwood threads to make bricks. The bricks were laid out one by one. The surface of the bricks was covered with a layer of steel plate. This steel plate was no ordinary material. It had been forged by a refiner and contained Heaven's Divination Essence. To put it bluntly, it could be treated as a profound artifact.
As for the barrier of light, it was even more exaggerated. It had relied on the best runemasters in the Central Domain to draw over 400 runes to form six barriers. There was only a finger-wide gap between the six barriers. Through the power of the runes, a repulsive force was set up in these gaps, allowing the six barriers to form a joint force!
This was the defensive effect set up by the World Business Alliance!
In the following seventy years, the barrier of light had never been broken.
Even when Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Yao Ye, had slapped the Yellow Springs Yaksha against the barrier and caused it to show signs of instability, Elder Xiao's expression didn't change at all. Even if one barrier was broken, there were still five more barriers behind it!
However, this thought only lasted for less than ten breaths of time. After Luo Zheng switched places with Yao Ye, he punched …
The barrier shattered …
At the instant the barrier shattered, several parts of the ground around the arena exploded, causing smoke and dust to rise. The runes were hidden under the ground around the arena. They couldn't bear the load and exploded one by one.
Just how strong was Luo Zheng's body?
Almost all of the old monsters in the Void Tribulation Realm present could break this barrier if they wanted to.
However, Yan Yueshan, who was known for his explosive power, couldn't break this barrier with his physical strength. Ning Yudie couldn't do it either. Even Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow couldn't do it. Cui Xie might be able to …
However, Luo Zheng was only at the Divine Reflection Realm. Moreover, his power just now hadn't hit the barrier directly. Instead, it had hit the Yellow Spring Yaksha's body and hit the barrier through its body.
This power was weakened when it hit the Yellow Spring Yaksha, but it still managed to shatter the barrier.
Innate superhuman strength? This could not explain Luo Zheng's physical strength at all.
Luo Zheng didn't borrow all the power in the dragon scale.
Right now, Luo Zheng's net worth was quite high, and in the huge Heavenly Awakening City, who knew how many Profound Armaments there were! Before the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng had gone to collect Profound Armaments and refined them all into Heaven Evolution Solution, lighting up eight hundred dragon scales at once!
Therefore, if Luo Zheng wanted to borrow the power of the dragon scales, he could borrow the power of a thousand dragon scales. However, Luo Zheng's current body couldn't bear such a huge force!
If Luo Zheng stimulated all the power of the dragon scales now, his body would probably collapse and suffer irreparable damage.
However, the power of five hundred dragon scales was already very terrifying …
The Yellow Spring Yaksha's huge body rolled out of the arena, but it quickly got up. This kind of ghost couldn't be killed by physical damage alone.
After being hit by Luo Zheng's heavy blow, the Yellow Spring Yaksha grew bigger again. It was now ten meters tall!
"Roar!"
The Yellow Spring Yaksha had just crawled up from the ground when it charged into the arena again and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the Yellow Spring Yaksha's growth at all. After colliding with it again and again, the Primordial Astral Force within his body flowed continuously and stored in his limbs and bones.
At the center of the arena, Cui Yun was locked in combat with Yao Ye's sword dance as well, and it was impossible for him to escape. However, he occasionally glanced at Luo Zheng with a smile on his face. Let's fight! The more attacks the Nether Spring Yaksha suffers, the larger its size and stronger it will become!
How could Luo Zheng not notice the changes in the Yellow Spring Yaksha? At this moment, the Yellow Spring Yaksha was already twenty meters tall, and it was like a huge monster. Even if Luo Zheng exploded with the power of five hundred dragon scales, it was still difficult for him to send such a huge fellow flying.
"It's about time!"
As the Yellow Spring Yaksha swung its thick and heavy tail over, Luo Zheng utilized the Laws of Wind and drifted along with the wind. He dodged this attack and approached the Yellow Spring Yaksha's head. The iron sword in his hand instantly slashed out, and the surging power of lightning instantly erupted along the iron sword.
Lightning could ward off evil.
Practically all ghosts were extremely afraid of the power of lightning.
During the Trial Challengers' Path, Hua Tianming's Extreme Lightning Sword Intent was extremely effective against the invulnerable Black Devil Nightmare.
Bzzt … bzzt … bzzt …
The first level of the Laws of Lightning, Destruction, was completely unleashed. The huge Yellow Spring Yaksha was like a block of ice on a summer day. A huge hole instantly appeared in its abdomen. It had actually been pierced through by Luo Zheng's sword.
"That's the fourth type of Laws! This kid has completely comprehended four types of Laws!"
"I'm already used to it. I wouldn't be surprised even if a fifth type of Law appeared on him!"
"Four types of Laws appeared on a single person at the same time. Moreover, it's the complete form of the Laws. What's wrong with this era? Why was such a monster born? "
"If Cui Yun is considered a god-level genius, then what level of genius is Luo Zheng …"
Seeing Luo Zheng display the power of the Laws of Lightning, many warriors were speechless and didn't know what to say.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to listen to the warriors' nonsense. He didn't just stab once, but several times in succession!
The surging thunder and lightning mixed with the powerful Collapsing Sword. The originally invulnerable Yellow Spring Yaksha met its nemesis, and huge holes appeared on its body.
Finally, with a howl, the Yellow Spring Yaksha's body finally collapsed.
A blood-red rune appeared under the Yellow Spring Yaksha's feet. Its broken body began to fall into the blood-red rune. When the huge head dove into the blood-red rune, it stared fiercely at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng wanted to cut off the head of the Yaksha, but when he stabbed out with his sword and nailed it on the blood-colored rune, the sword was actually bounced back by the rune!
"What's that?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He hadn't expected that the tiny rune would actually be able to block his sword!
What Luo Zheng did not know was that this blood-red talisman was a talisman that connected to the Yellow Spring River. The power contained in it could not be destroyed by even the strongest expert in the Vast Thousand World, let alone Luo Zheng. This kind of talisman was related to the origin of the Vast Thousand World!
Since he was unable to kill the Yellow Spring Yaksha, Luo Zheng could only give up and turn around to face Cui Yun.
"Didn't you want me to die?" Luo Zheng chuckled as he spoke.
"You!" Cui Yun was in an extremely sorry state right now, but Yao Ye had crushed her all over the place. Yao Ye's sword dance was a series of sword moves that were linked together. Once she was caught in it, it would only stop until she died! She was too tired to deal with Yao Ye right now, so how could she have the time to retort?
"You have a Saint Weapon, and you have an incredible father. You have a Divine level talent, and you have plenty of opportunities to comprehend the Laws. Not only that, you have two Laws …" Luo Zheng smiled and said, "In the end, you can't even withstand a single blow! You're still hoping to defeat me with an external force and summon this Yellow Spring ghost … sigh … "
"Didn't you summon this woman …?" In a moment of desperation, Cui Yun dodged Yao Ye's attack and said furiously.
"This woman? She's not a woman, she's just my Sword Soul. I cultivated this Sword Soul, and it's completely different from the Yellow Spring ghost you summoned! "Luo Zheng continued with a mocking smile on his face.
Cui Yun's face flushed red, but there was nothing she could do. She wanted to turn the situation around, so she unleashed a series of dangerous attacks. However, she still couldn't escape from Yao Ye's pursuit!
"You're an Early Divine Core warrior, and I'm just a Divine Reflection warrior. How can a Divine Reflection warrior defeat you so easily? Are you sure you have a Divine level talent? Not an Earth realm? " Luo Zheng didn't attack and defeat Cui Yun. Instead, he kept provoking her with words.
During the Martial Dao Competition, Luo Zheng only planned to kill one person, and that was Si Miaoling.
If Luo Zheng unleashed all his strength right now, for example, if he unleashed the full power of the Myriad Fiend Wheel of Existence, he would be able to kill Cui Yun. However, Cui Yun wasn't the target Luo Zheng wanted to kill, and if he killed her, it would ruin Luo Zheng's plan!
However, even if Luo Zheng didn't kill Cui Yun, it didn't mean she would let him go! The son of an enemy was still an enemy. Besides, Cui Yun was the one who wanted to kill her, and right now, Luo Zheng was trying to kill her!
"Judging from your age, you're at least 30 years old, right? You're only at the Early Divine Core realm at 30 years old, and you can't even defeat a Divine Reflection warrior … "
Under Luo Zheng's constant provocation, Cui Yun suddenly let out a furious roar. Ignoring Yao Ye's sword dance, she dashed toward Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Yao Ye didn't give Cui Yun the chance to do so. The huge sword slapped onto Cui Xie's body, causing Cui Xie to roll down the arena until he arrived in front of Luo Zheng. His hair was disheveled, and the nameless monk's blade fell to the side.
"A guy like you wants to propose marriage to Little Die? Do you think you're qualified to do so?" Luo Zheng looked down at Cui Yun and said with an indifferent smile.
"Enough!"
On the high platform, green veins were popping out on Cui Xie's forehead. He suddenly stood up and let out a furious roar. As one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain, how could he not know what Luo Zheng was trying to do? Luo Zheng intended to crush Cui Yun's heart towards the Martial Dao!
Luo Zheng raised his head to glance at Cui Xie, and then he shook his head and sighed. "It's too late!"
At this moment, Cui Yun who was lying on the ground felt a cracking sound resound from within her heart. Even though she hadn't suffered any serious injuries, she suddenly felt her heart hurt very much.
I recommend a fantasy novel. It's one of the first books on Android, Martial Training All Heavens. You can just search for it.)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 487
As long as one was a human, there would always be a weakness in their heart.
Luo Zheng's weakness was his sister, the person he was willing to sacrifice his life to protect.
Luo Zheng's dream was to stand at the pinnacle of the martial dao, and take a peek at the true secrets of this world. Judging from this, his heart of martial dao was extremely firm, and he would rarely be affected by others.
However, Cui Yun was different.
His background was completely different from Luo Zheng's. Luo Zheng's starting point was very low, and because of this, Luo Zheng was like a spring that was tightly suppressed. Once the suppression was released, he would be able to jump even higher!
As the son of Cui Xie, Cui Yun was the only son of the number one figure in the central territory, and he was blessed by the heavens. No matter if it was natural talent, knowledge, or resources, could anyone compare to him?
Even Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect couldn't compare with Cui Yun. After all, all of Cui Xie's resources could be used on Cui Yun, and the Void Spirit Sect didn't just need to nurture Xiao Jie, there were many other geniuses in the sect that needed to be nurtured!
With Cui Xie's resources and Cui Yun's own talent, he would be able to become an emperor in the future, and he would be able to become the master of a Sixth Grade 'Sacred Land', or rather, the master of a 'Divine Kingdom'!
This was the reason why Cui Yun, a Divine Core warrior, had the courage to propose marriage to Ning Yudie who was at the False Tribulation realm!
It was because he had the confidence.
Growing up in such an environment, Cui Yun had a strong confidence in himself. In his eyes, all the young warriors in the Central Domain were like ants, and none of them could enter his eyes.
The benefits of Cui Yun's strong heart of martial dao were obvious. He wasn't afraid of any challenges, and as long as he maintained the upper hand, his heart would be extremely strong. Furthermore, none of the young warriors in the Central Domain could compete with him. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, he would definitely become an emperor in the future!
However, this kind of heart of martial dao had a fatal flaw. Once someone surpassed him, it would give him a fatal blow.
For a man who had always been outstanding, the harder he worked, the more outstanding he became. The more outstanding he was, the harder he worked. The reason why he worked so hard was to protect his excellence! However, if one day, a guy who seemed to be very weak but easily defeated this outstanding person in all aspects, then this person would often be unable to recover from the setback. He would doubt his own ability and whether or not his efforts were in vain.
........
In terms of Laws, Luo Zheng surpassed Cui Yun in every aspect. Treasures? Luo Zheng had two Divine Weapons, which were not inferior to his. In terms of cultivation, Luo Zheng's cultivation was lower than his by a whole realm, which was an insult. As for talent … it could be seen from the cultivation that Cui Yun's talent was not as good as Luo Zheng's.
Therefore, at this moment, Cui Yun felt a violent earthquake in his heart. In this earthquake, all his pride, confidence, and arrogance seemed to have become a joke. His heart of martial dao was also destroyed by this earthquake!
On the high platform, Cui Xie took a step forward and walked onto the arena in an instant.
Although Cui Xie was tall and sturdy, he wasn't particularly tall. However, when he took a step forward, he was like a mountain, as if nothing in the world could knock down this mountain-like man.
Thump! Thump!
Cui Xie stepped onto the arena with steady steps. His resolute eyes stared coldly at Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie stepped onto the arena with Cui Xie. Under the flickering of the icy mist, her white and flawless feet stepped on the arena and blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
Although it was very difficult to protect Luo Zheng in front of Cui Xie, she still stubbornly stood in front of him.
At the same time, the three leaders of the World Business Alliance appeared on the arena at the same time. The three fat men had different expressions on their faces, but they all looked as if they were facing a formidable enemy.
Cui Xie was the strongest man in the Central Domain. In terms of individual strength, no one was his opponent in a one-on-one situation.
The three fat men of the World Business Alliance were confident that they could defeat Cui Xie, but they would also have to pay a considerable price!
The three fat men didn't want to stand out at this time. Cui Xie was targeting Luo Zheng and the Cloud Hall. It had nothing to do with the World Business Alliance. However, this was the arena of the Martial Arts Conference. In the arena, life and death were up to fate. Not to mention that Luo Zheng had destroyed Cui Yun's Martial Arts Heart, even if he killed Cui Yun, in theory, he didn't have to bear any responsibility!
"Old Monster Cui, you won't attack a junior at the Divine Reflection Stage, right?" Shi Kefan said with a smile. He wanted to tell Cui Xie that with his strength and status, it would be too degrading for him to attack a junior at the Divine Reflection Stage.
If it were under normal circumstances, Cui Xie would naturally not do this. However, this was in front of hundreds of thousands of martial artists in Heavenly Awakening City. If this matter were to spread, it would be enough to sweep Cui Xie's reputation to the ground. However, Luo Zheng had just destroyed Cui Yun's Martial Arts Heart. This was a little serious. The old monsters of the Central Domain knew very well that Cui Xie had poured a lot of effort into his son!
A smile appeared on Cui Xie's face. He snorted coldly at Ning Yudie. "You are very bold!"
After saying this, Cui Xie's eyes suddenly widened. An aura as majestic as a mountain pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie, who was standing in front of Luo Zheng, sensed this aura. Her beautiful face changed. She crossed her fingers and was about to use a secret technique to resist Cui Xie's aura! Ning Yudie's strength hadn't fully recovered. Even if her cultivation had fully recovered, she still wouldn't be a match for Cui Xie. Unless she reached the large success stage of the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra and broke through to the False Tribulation Realm, she wouldn't be qualified to compete with Cui Xie. Therefore, when faced with Cui Xie's aura, Ning Yudie felt even more pressure.
Unexpectedly, at this moment, Luo Zheng reached out and gently pulled Ning Yudie. He grabbed her soft little hand and dragged her onto his body. His eyes were like torches. He faced Cui Xie alone and said softly to Ning Yudie, "I don't like women standing in front of me."
Luo Zheng didn't like women standing in front of him.
However, in his career, this kind of thing had inevitably happened many times. Zhu Qianning had stood in front of him, Su Lingyun had stood in front of him, and Yun Luo had stood in front of him …
At that time, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't good enough. Most of the time, he had no choice but to choose. But now, he didn't want Ning Yudie to stand in front of him.
Ning Yudie was concentrating on using the secret technique. How could she have thought that Luo Zheng would pull her at this time? When she reacted, she had already been pulled onto Luo Zheng's body. Her right hand was still being pulled by Luo Zheng!
Pulling my hand like this in front of so many people …
Women's thoughts were very jumpy. At this moment, Ning Yudie even ignored the crisis of the situation. Instead, she paid attention to such trivial matters. Her heartbeat suddenly sped up and her face turned slightly red.
But, these messy thoughts only lasted for a brief moment, then she immediately reacted. Luo Zheng wanted to withstand Cui Xie's pressure?
Even if Luo Zheng was able to defeat a Divine Core warrior, Cui Xie was an existence who had surpassed the Void Tribulation realm! There was no way Luo Zheng could withstand it. With this thought in mind, Ning Yudie cried out, "Watch out!"
A pressure as heavy as a mountain came crashing down onto Luo Zheng. It was an incredibly powerful pressure! If he faced it head on, even a Void Tribulation old monster's soul would be injured, and a Divine Core warrior's soul would probably be turned into ashes.
The three fat men looked at each other and furrowed their brows. Cui Xie wasn't attacking, he was just using his pressure to suppress Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng was in a lot of trouble. With Cui Xie's strength, perhaps Luo Zheng's soul would be completely crushed …
"Isn't he trying to be brave? He's still standing in front of Ning Yudie! Does he really think his strength is comparable to a Void Tribulation warrior? "
"What you care about is that he's holding Ning Yudie's hand, right? Hehe! "
"Luo Zheng will die, no matter how strong his talent is, he will still die. His soul will be crushed, and his body will be like a walking corpse. Without a soul, he won't be able to live for more than three days, and his body will have problems."
Many warriors couldn't understand why Luo Zheng would seek death. If he just hid behind Ning Yudie, with Ning Yudie's strength, he would at most be injured when facing Cui Xie's pressure. With such talent, as long as he was still alive, he would never have to worry about running out of firewood. If he became stronger in the future, he would be able to get back at Cui Xie.
Most warriors knew how to endure, and Luo Zheng definitely knew this. This was the reason why everyone was confused.
— — —

Chapter 488
Cui Xie had brought people to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, so it was indeed inconvenient for him to kill a Divine Reflection Stage junior.
Not only would he be ridiculed by the world for being a sore loser, the number one person in the Central Domain!
First of all, the three fat men from the World Business Alliance wouldn't let such a thing happen. Not to mention, there was an old woman behind the Cloud Hall, hiding in a corner and watching them!
There was also that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance who had lived for more than a thousand years. Although he was very old, his strength was still unfathomable. Cui Xie wasn't afraid of anyone in a one-on-one fight, but if these guys all ganged up on him, even Cui Xie would find it difficult to escape unscathed.
Therefore, Cui Xie chose this method to restrain his urge to tear Luo Zheng to shreds. He only used his powerful soul to suppress Luo Zheng.
If Ning Yudie stood in front of Luo Zheng, Cui Xie might be in some trouble. He might even make the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall suffer a small loss. He never expected that Luo Zheng would actually stand in front of him!
"Since you want to play the hero and court death, no one can help you!" Cui Xie sneered in his heart, but his expression was still calm. Using his soul pressure to crush the soul of a Divine Reflection Stage junior was as simple as crushing a mantis with a wheel.
As soon as he released his pressure, it was like rocks breaking the clouds and raging waves splitting the shore. It rolled up a chaotic wind and pressed down on Luo Zheng!
Facing such a terrifying pressure, Luo Zheng stood tall and straight with a faint smile on his face. At this moment, he was like a reef in the sea. No matter how much Cui Xie's pressure hit him, he remained unmoved!
The wind blew wildly, and Ning Yudie's golden phoenix hairpin fell. Her soft hair fluttered in the wind. She hid behind Luo Zheng's body and used her hand to push aside the hair blocking her view. She stared blankly at the handsome figure in front of her …
Seeing Luo Zheng calmly receive Cui Xie's pressure, Ning Yudie forgot to be surprised.
She remembered when she was very young, when her family moved from the Northern Domain to the Central Domain.
In the horse carriage, the cold wind howled outside. Her parents left her alone with a thick blanket, covering her tightly. She poked her little head out of the window of the horse carriage, feeling the cold outside, and compared it to her own happiness ….
It was also that night that her parents and the rest of the Ning Family, a total of 37 people, were killed. The little her was saved by a passing disciple of the Cloud Hall and escaped the disaster.
Later, she joined the Cloud Sect, which was a subordinate of the Cloud Sect. Her shocking talent was unearthed, and she passed through the Cloud Sect and the Cloud Sect …. Eventually, she became a supreme figure in the central domain, and a sect leader of one of the top fourth rank sects!
Later, Ning Yudie found out what had happened that night. It turned out that her Ning Family had been annihilated by a Third Grade Sect by mistake.
Now that she had the strength to take revenge, Ning Yudie went alone and wiped out that Third-Grade Sect from the Central Territory, completely annihilating it!
In the Cloud Hall, although Ning Yudie was immature and even had the temperament of a little girl, she also had an iron-blooded side. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to hold the position of Palace Master.
However, even though she got her revenge, the warm and happy feeling she had when she was young could never be found again. She still envied herself at that time. Listening to the hooves of the horses moving on the high and low roads, and the north wind whistling past, cutting her face like small knives, she could curl up in a warm bed, glad that she didn't have to suffer from cold and hunger …
At this moment, Ning Yudie felt that she had returned to that time. This young man used his not-so-tall body to accept everything, making her feel very warm, a little warmth that belonged only to her.
The wind quietly dispersed, and the pressure also disappeared. Luo Zheng maintained a faint smile as he looked at the East Evil King not far away.
Cui Xie's gaze went from confusion to shock, and then to helplessness. It had undergone three transformations! He had already released his pressure to the maximum. In a sense, it was equivalent to a direct soul attack. It was just that Cui Xie didn't do it so blatantly!
How could this guy's soul withstand my soul pressure? Impossible. He must have a treasure that can strengthen his soul, or even something that can make him immune to this kind of damage!
He looked deeply at Luo Zheng and buried his murderous intent deep in his eyes. He turned around and walked toward his son.
Cui Yun's hair was messy, and her eyes were dull. Her face was full of disappointment, as if she had aged ten years in an instant. She didn't have any expression at all.
He grabbed Cui Yun and stretched out his hand. The Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade spiraled back into his hand. His figure flashed, and he returned to his high platform.
The three fat leaders looked at each other again. The shocked expression on Shi Kefan's chubby face froze, as if it had been carved with a knife.
Luo Zheng had really withstood Cui Xie's pressure! How strong was Luo Zheng's soul?
Of course, they didn't know that Luo Zheng's soul had already stepped into the War Soul Realm!
Even the Moonkin Evil Spirit couldn't erase Luo Zheng's soul, so how could Cui Xie do it?
In a sense, among Luo Zheng's various means, his War Soul Realm soul was the most powerful.
The conflict between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie just now was actually very small. It happened in a few breaths' time, but it was the most dangerous one. Many warriors in the stands didn't see it, but some of them did.
However, even if they saw it, they couldn't say anything. A confrontation at the soul level was already beyond their reach, and even beyond their comprehension.
As for Madam Poison Blood from Blood Wood Cliff, Black Crow from Black Mountain Sect, and the Mysterious Old Man from Mysterious Yin Mansion, they were as shocked as the three leaders of the World Business Alliance!
If they stood in front of Cui Xie and were threatened by Cui Xie's soul, their souls would have been injured, and they would have spat out three liters of blood. However, Luo Zheng looked as if nothing had happened. This really didn't make sense.
Ning Yudie gently turned her head, and picked up a golden phoenix hairpin on the ground. She curled up her dark hair slightly, and after fixing it with her index finger, she clasped the hairpin in her hair.
After that, she walked up to Luo Zheng and said in a soft voice, "Let's go up." After saying that, she leapt up into the air, and with her long Ice Phoenix feathers fluttering behind her, she arrived on top of the stage.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. At least, he was sure he had achieved his goal. Although it was slightly different from his plan, he had succeeded in infuriating Cui Xie!
Cui Xie had brought two people with him to participate in the Martial Dao Competition. One was his son, Cui Yun, and the other was Si Miaoling.
If Cui Xie wanted to regain his dignity in the Martial Dao Competition, he would have to rely on Si Miaoling!
Si Miaoling was a Mid Divine Core warrior, and her cultivation was stronger than Cui Yun's. She also possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body. She had followed Cui Xie for dozens of years, so she must have learned a lot. However, Luo Zheng had no idea how great her innate talent was, and how much strength she was hiding behind her cultivation base.
But, no matter how great her cultivation base was, she had to die. Luo Zheng wouldn't let her go like how he let Cui Yun go!
After arriving on top of the stage, Ning Yudie returned to the spacious chair prepared for her. She sat upright on the chair, but her mind was still in a mess, and her eyes were drifting around. Occasionally, she would glance at Luo Zheng, but she would sneak a glance at him like a little girl. Then, she would suddenly move her eyes away, and stare blankly into the sky, as if she didn't have a goal in mind.
Of course, no one noticed this small movement of hers, because she once again unleashed layers of icy mist and covered her body …
Right at this moment, Elder Xiao suddenly announced the suspension of the competition!
The barrier around the stage had been broken by Luo Zheng, and it needed to be rearranged. However, all the runes buried under the barrier had exploded, and they needed to be repaired before the competition could continue.
But, it was still a bit troublesome to repair these runes. After all, the World Business Alliance had spent a lot of effort when setting up these runes. In order to repair these runes, they would need to invite the Rune Masters from the World Business Alliance.
When all the warriors on the spectator stand heard Elder Xiao's announcement, they immediately started cursing again.
"Damn it, I spent a Supreme Rank True Origin Stone to get in here! Why are you stopping the competition?!"
"Is this the credibility of the World Business Alliance? It's ruining my mood! "
"Isn't it just a barrier? What's there to be afraid of? Hurry up, hurry up … "
These warriors didn't care that the barrier was broken, they just wanted to watch the intense competition and place their bets!

Chapter 489
Elder Xiao's mustache twitched when he heard the waves of curses from the spectator stands. He cursed in his heart. If the barrier isn't repaired, I'll kill a few hundred of you when the fight breaks out. Then, you'll be cursing me again!
After a while, three people flew over from the sky and landed steadily on the arena. The three of them bowed to Elder Xiao.
These three people were the Rune Masters of the World Business Alliance. They could even be said to be the top Rune Masters in the entire Central Domain.
How did the World Business Alliance accumulate their resources? Because they were rich, the best Rune Masters, Weapon Refiners, and Alchemists were all concentrated in the World Business Alliance!
It was precisely because the General Commerce League had masters of various professions that many independent martial artists were willing to join the league. Compared to the sects, they had a better future, but the benefits offered by the General Commerce League were even better.
This was one of the methods the World Business Alliance used to attract talents.
Although the three Rune Masters could not compare to the "Son of Runes" Feng Guanyu, it was difficult to find a better Rune Master than them in the Central Domain.
There was a Rune Tower in Tianqi City. That Rune Tower gathered all the Runes in the entire Central Domain. Almost all the Rune Masters would come here to cultivate. Zong Rui from the Cloud Hall had also been sent to the Rune Tower to cultivate for several years.
These three Rune Masters were the masters of that Rune Tower. In the entire Central Domain's Rune World, their thoughts and ideas about Runes were the best.
Hearing Elder Xiao's words, the three of them nodded. Then, they split up and walked to the side of the arena. They opened up the stone bricks around the arena one by one. Under the stone bricks, there were pieces of green stone pieces. The stone pieces had mysterious and obscure runes drawn on them.
However, many of the Runes on the stone tablets were already charred, as if they had been burned by smoke.
"The power overload was too great, so it was burned," said one of the Rune Masters.
Another rune master frowned. "The six boundaries are mutually stable. How much power does it take to burn these runes away? Is there anyone in the Divine Core realm who can do it? "
"Unbelievable, this is definitely not caused by a Divine Core warrior!" Another Rune Master shook his head and said.
In fact, many warriors in Heavenly Awakening City were using their letter tablets at home to watch the fights in the arena. However, all of these Rune Masters were old scholars. Although all three of them were Divine Core warriors, they had spent their entire lives studying the Dao of Runes, and rarely paid any attention to what was happening in the outside world. Let alone the Martial Dao Competition, even if the World Business Alliance declared war against some other species, they wouldn't pay any attention to it. Unless Heavenly Awakening City was destroyed, they wouldn't leave the Rune Tower.
When Elder Xiao heard what the trio said, he couldn't help but let out a helpless smile. "Tower Master Nie, this barrier wasn't broken by a Divine Core warrior."
Tower Master Nie was the oldest amongst the trio, and he had the highest attainment in Runes. He was also the Tower Master of the Rune Tower.
Tower Master Nie nodded his head. "Only a Void Tribulation warrior could break this barrier. But, does the Martial Dao Competition allow Void Tribulation warriors to participate?"
Hearing Tower Master Nie's question, Elder Xiao's smile became even more helpless. "It was broken by a Divine Reflection warrior."
Hearing what Elder Xiao said, Tower Master Nie's beard twitched, and he glared at Elder Xiao. "Elder Xiao, are you joking with me?"
Although Tower Master Nie was a Divine Core warrior, because he was the Tower Master of the Rune Tower, his status was even higher than Elder Xiao, who was an Elder of the World Business Alliance.
"Do I look like I'm joking with you? The man who broke this barrier is still here. "Elder Xiao pointed at the stage in the Cloud Hall.
Tower Master Nie shook his head and said, "I'm not interested to know who it is. If you say it's a Divine Reflection warrior, then so be it. I don't believe it." After saying that, he looked at a few stone plates, then he shook his head and said, "It will take three days to repair these runes."
"What? Three days?! " Elder Xiao felt dizzy when he heard this. He had only stopped for a short while, but the warriors in the stands had already started cursing him. If he stopped for three days, those warriors in the stands would probably start a riot.
"Three days isn't enough, we'll have to work overtime. If it's not someone from the Rune Tower, other Rune Masters … it'll take at least a year." Tower Master Nie said with an indifferent tone.
Elder Xiao was speechless. "I'll give you three hours at most!"
Right after Elder Xiao finished speaking, Tower Master Nie threw the stone plates onto the ground, then he turned to the two Rune Masters and said, "Let's go!" After saying that, the three of them prepared to leave.
"You!" Elder Xiao's mustache stood up in anger. He knew that these old men from the Rune Tower had bad tempers, but he didn't expect them to be so arrogant … He helplessly looked at the three Alliance Masters of the World Business Alliance.
The three fat men looked at each other with a bitter smile on their faces …
The World Business Alliance was such an organization. It was completely different from a sect. Everyone was bound together by benefits. Sometimes, the people below might not even look at the Alliance Master's face. Especially these old men from the Rune Tower, each and every one of them was extremely arrogant. Even if it was the Alliance Master, they might not listen to him.
At this time, the warriors in the stands began to clamor again.
"Hurry up and fix it for us. Why are you talking so much nonsense?"
"I want to see the fight. Otherwise, compensate me with one top grade true essence stone. I saved up one million low grade true essence stones one by one! I gave them to the World Business Alliance and now you want to show me this plaything? "
"Refund! Refund! Refund! Give us back our true essence stones! I'm afraid these trash Rune Masters won't be able to fix it! "
Tower Master Nie glared at those noisy warriors and sneered. "I won't fix it, what do you want? If you have the ability, fix it yourself! "
Hearing Tower Master Nie's words, those warriors became even more angry.
"If I can fix it, why would I count on you? Rune Tower's great reputation is only at this level! "
"Trash Rune Masters …"
At this moment, Old Xiao's face was filled with bitterness. How did the Martial Arts Tournament become like this?
Shi Kefan saw that the situation was a little troublesome, and he couldn't sit still anymore. He had to stand up and persuade Nie Li. He came to the side of the arena and said with a smile, "Old Nie, calm down. I'll have to trouble you to fix this rune."
Seeing Shi Kefan come, Tower Master Nie's attitude eased a bit. In the end, he still had to give face to the Alliance Master. He only said, "Three days, this is the fastest."
"Three days? Why don't you go and die! "Some sharp-eyed warriors in the stands heard this and immediately cursed.
Shi Kefan's face also revealed an awkward expression. "Isn't three days too slow? We can't interrupt the Martial Arts Tournament."
Tower Master Nie's eyes bulged. "Find a guy in the Central Domain who can fix it in less than three days. I'll write my 'Nie' backwards."
Hearing Tower Master Nie's words, Shi Kefan felt suffocated. He couldn't think of any words to refute him. As the Tower Master of the Rune Tower, Old Nie's standard was number one in the Central Domain. No one dared to say they were number two.
At this time, a voice came from the stage. "Alliance Master Shi, I can fix these runes in two hours. However, how much is the World Business Alliance planning to pay me?"
The one who spoke was Luo Zheng. He stood at the edge of the stage and said with a smile.
Shi Kefan glanced at Luo Zheng and patted his head. He had forgotten about this matter. Luo Zheng! This guy was also a Rune Master. Moreover, this kid had the perfect brush strokes of a Divine Tool. Old Xiao's eyes also lit up. During the outer region test, Old Xiao had heard Mo Yuezhang mention this matter.
"Can … you do it?" Shi Kefan was somewhat hesitant.
Because Luo Zheng was shining with too many halos today, Shi Kefan had indeed overlooked this ability of Luo Zheng's.
More importantly, although Luo Zheng had the perfect brush strokes, it was only a special brush stroke. It could perfectly activate the characteristics of the rune material and raise the utilization of the material to a perfect realm.
However, runes were also graded. The runes that Mo Yuezhang had presented last time were only 1-star and 2-star runes. Therefore, Shi Kefan subconsciously felt that Luo Zheng could only draw 1-star and 2-star runes. As for the higher grades of 3-star, 4-star, and even 5-star runes, it would take a long time to practice. With Luo Zheng's age of 17-18, he clearly couldn't do it.
Before Luo Zheng could reply, Tower Master Nie said with a disapproving smile, "I've heard of bragging, but I've never heard of bragging like this!"
"Hahahaha … What's wrong with the youngsters these days? You can even spout nonsense now! "Another rune master laughed.
"Sometimes, you have to pay the price for speaking nonsense," another Rune Master said with a serious expression.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 490
Once upon a time, the authority of runes in the Central Domain was in the Void Spirit Sect.
Because the Rune Child Feng Guanyu was born in the Void Spirit Sect, runemasters from all over the world rushed to the Void Spirit Sect.
Unfortunately, the Void Spirit Sect had used up too much of Feng Guanyu's fame and didn't pay too much attention to runes. Gradually, the runes of the Void Spirit Sect started to decline. Apart from the sect protecting formation left behind by Feng Guanyu, there wasn't much to see in the runes of the Void Spirit Sect.
With the rise of the World Business Alliance, the constant evolution of runes, and the erection of the Runic Tower, all the runemasters in the Central Domain had started to defect to the Runic Tower.
The Runic Tower was the authority of the entire Central Domain, and the three people in front of him were the authority of the Runic Tower. Their runes were the authority of the authority of the authority!
Tower Master Nie said three days, but who in the Central Domain dared to say two days?
That was why he was so confident in saying that if anyone could repair the runes in three days, he would write the word "Nie" backwards.
That was why they mocked Luo Zheng's ignorance. A newborn calf wasn't afraid of a tiger, not because the calf wasn't afraid of the tiger, but because the calf was ignorant!
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change after hearing the words of the three people from the Runic Tower. He couldn't be bothered to pay attention to them and directly said to Shi Kefan, "Alliance Master Shi, I can repair these runes in two hours. How much will you pay me?"
"Are you sure you can repair them?" Luo Zheng had already created so many incredible miracles. Any one of these miracles would have been incredible if it had happened to a junior in the Divine Reflection Realm. However, they had all been concentrated on Luo Zheng. Shi Kefan felt that he was already used to having another one.
"I can give it a try. Even if I fail, there won't be any delays, right?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's words were reasonable. At most, there would be a delay of two hours. If Luo Zheng couldn't repair the runes, they would have to wait three days before the next battle. An extra two hours wouldn't be a big deal.
Just as Shi Kefan was about to nod, Pagoda Master Nie and the others stopped him.
They didn't believe that Luo Zheng could repair these runes. Not to mention two hours, even if he had a hundred hours, or a thousand hours, this brat still wouldn't be able to repair them! Most importantly, Shi Kefan actually believed this brat's nonsense. Pagoda Master Nie and the others were unable to accept this.
It was like a chef who had followed his master for many years and spent twenty hours to cook a dish with his most exquisite skills. However, in the blink of an eye, a wild kid came out of nowhere and said that he could cook the dish in two hours. Not only did the master not dare to chase the wild kid away, he even agreed to let the wild kid have a try … Wasn't this an insult?
"Alliance Master Shi, if you choose that brat, our Runic Tower will not interfere in this matter," Tower Master Nie coldly said. There was a threatening tone in his words.
The other two rune masters also had unconvinced expressions in their eyes.
"Hehe," Shi Kefan was very familiar with the temperament of these people. However, although Shi Kefan was mellow and easy to talk to, he wasn't someone without courage. To be able to become the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance, besides strength, vision, courage, insight, and luck were all indispensable. After he finished laughing, he said, "I think we should let him have a try first!"
"Humph!"
The three rune masters turned their heads and took a few steps back. They crossed their arms and coldly stared at this side. At this time, they didn't leave. They wanted to see a joke.
Shi Kefan made an inviting gesture towards Luo Zheng and said, "If you can repair these runes, I can reward you with this amount." He stretched out his hand, "Fifty thousand top quality true essence stones."
"Fifty thousand?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"You think it's not enough?" Shi Kefan asked.
"No," Luo Zheng's heart was already blooming with joy. Fifty thousand top quality true essence stones was equivalent to fifty billion low grade true essence stones! With so many true essence stones, it would be more than enough to buy the entire Burning Heaven Empire …
The World Business Alliance was really rich and overbearing! Although fifty thousand top quality true essence stones was a lot, it was only a drop in the bucket for the World Business Alliance. The entrance fee of this competition alone was two to three hundred thousand top quality true essence stones, not to mention the other huge amounts of income.
Luo Zheng didn't bargain. Since they had already agreed on the payment, he squatted down and began to examine the runes on the stone pieces.
Most of these runes were three star runes, and only a few of them were four star runes. At Luo Zheng's request, the World Business Alliance quickly sent over the materials for drawing the runes. These runes were originally made by the World Business Alliance, so the materials used were recorded. With the abundant resources in Heavenly Awakening City, it was easy to prepare another set of materials.
Grinding, mixing, and making ink, Luo Zheng's technique was very skillful …
Seeing Luo Zheng's skillful technique, the eyes of the three Rune Masters flashed.
Tower Master Nie nodded slightly. This kid's technique was light, delicate, and precise. He could be taken in as an assistant for the Runic Tower.
The Rune Masters of the Runic Tower didn't need to prepare their own materials. Trivial things like grinding, mixing, and making ink were all done by their assistants. However, it was very difficult to find a good assistant. After all, an assistant not only needed patience, they also needed to understand the characteristics of various materials. The most important thing was that they needed a pair of nimble hands.
In the eyes of Tower Master Nie and the others, Luo Zheng's hands were very suitable to be an assistant.
Luo Zheng quickly processed the materials and took out his rune pen.
'This rune pen is pretty good, but it's really a waste for a Primary Rune Master to use this kind of rune pen,' Tower Master Nie thought inwardly.
Luo Zheng's rune pen was obtained from a bet with the Cloud Hall's Rune Master Zong Rui. This rune pen was also a treasure in Zong Rui's eyes, so it was naturally pretty good.
He extended the tip of the pen and dipped it in the prepared ink. Soon after, Luo Zheng gently closed his eyes and felt the composition of the materials in the ink. This was the most crucial step in drawing runes. The quality of a Rune Master depended on this step.
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and looked at the blank stone before him. Then, the tip of the pen made the first stroke.
The instant the tip of the pen touched the stone, a faint brown light flickered. Then, as Luo Zheng moved the tip of the pen, the brown light became brighter and brighter. Under the continuous elongation, the first stroke was completed in one go!
When the three Rune Masters in the Runic Tower saw the first stroke on the stone, their pupils continuously widened. Tower Master Nie even sucked in a breath of cold air. "Perfect stroke!"
Actually, the news that Luo Zheng knew how to use the Perfect Stroke was already a few months ago. Many people in the World Business Alliance knew about it, such as Mo Yuezhang, the three Alliance Masters, and Elder Xiao. However, the people in the Runic Tower didn't know about it!
This was also the fault of Tower Master Nie and the others. They were wholeheartedly studying runes in the tower and didn't pay attention to the outside world. It could even be said that they stubbornly believed that only they could represent the Central Domain's Runic Dao. As for the outside world's Runic Dao, they were insignificant and couldn't be brought to the table!
But how did a Rune Master with the Perfect Stroke suddenly appear?
When they saw this scene, the three Rune Masters were completely stunned. They were even somewhat at a loss.
A cold light flashed in Shi Kefan's small eyes. The reason he had agreed to let Luo Zheng have a try was because he wanted to borrow Luo Zheng's momentum to kill the Runic Tower's people.
These fellows were proud of their talents and had unknowingly become arrogant over the years. Even when the General Commerce League asked them to draw runes, they would often ask for a sky-high price, and they would ignore them. They liked to think that they were the best in the central region! They had completely forgotten that they were also members of the World Business Alliance. They had long forgotten that the Runic Tower was established with the support of the World Business Alliance!
Now, these fellows understood what it meant by there was always someone better out there!
Luo Zheng's speed in drawing runes was very fast. It could even be called flying!
When Luo Zheng was drawing runes in the early days, he still needed to pause for a while and occasionally think about how to draw. This was related to the strength of his soul. Drawing runes consumed soul power.
But now, how powerful was Luo Zheng's soul? A soul that had stepped into the War Soul realm was incomparably sturdy. Drawing runes was a piece of cake. Not to mention, he was just copying and restoring these runes!
"Bzzz …"
The rune brush continued to draw lines, and soon, the first rune was drawn.

Chapter 491
Although the rune Luo Zheng was drawing was only a three-star rune, his drawing speed was just too fast.
Rune Masters didn't have any requirements for their cultivation, but they had very strict requirements for their soul power. Although a Rune Master's cultivation wasn't too high, his soul power would definitely be much stronger than a warrior of the same level.
Luo Zheng had drawn the first rune in one go without stopping at all … How strong was his soul power?
Shi Kefan gave a look to a supervisor of the World Business Alliance.
The deacon opened a jade box. Inside the jade box was a pure black pill. He handed it over to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng glanced at the jade box and asked suspiciously, "What's this?"
"A top-grade Soul Nourishing Pill. It's used to warm up the soul power you lost when drawing the rune," the supervisor said respectfully.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "No need! How much soul power did I use? "
After his soul entered the War Soul Realm, his soul power was endless. Not to mention drawing a three-star rune, even if he drew a hundred or five hundred three-star runes, he wouldn't need to rest. Why would he need to take a Soul Nourishing Pill? Moreover, although this Soul Nourishing Pill was top-grade, there were still some impurities in it. After Luo Zheng ate it, he still had to spend a lot of effort to refine the impurities. How troublesome would that be?
Shi Kefan's small eyes stared at the three Rune Masters of the Runic Tower with deep meaning. How did these Rune Masters draw runes in the past? Not to mention drawing a rune, sometimes they had to take a bath, wash their hands, burn a stick of incense, and swallow a Soul Nourishing Pill when they were halfway through drawing a rune. They were afraid that their soul power would be damaged while they were drawing the runes!
They were more arrogant than anyone else, and the effects of the runes they produced were unpredictable! Even so, their runes were still sold at a sky-high price. Regardless of whether it was the people inside or outside the World Business Alliance, they were treated the same. They were all slaughtered by the people of the Runic Tower.
Although a part of the Runic Tower's income was added to the accounts of the World Business Alliance, Shi Kefan couldn't stand their way of doing things!
Now that a monster like Luo Zheng had appeared, it was great! Give these three old men a good beating!
At this time, Pagoda Master Nie and the other two Rune Masters had already lowered their heads. For a junior in his teens to draw a 3 star rune was as simple as eating meat or drinking soup, even if he didn't look down on them, they would look down on themselves.
As for the perfect brush strokes and whatnot … Forget it, he would never be able to catch up to them in this lifetime.
After drawing the first rune, Luo Zheng's hands became even more fiery. He almost didn't stop. His hand that was holding the rune pen moved up and down, and one perfect line after another was quickly drawn on the stone.
"What's going on? Why is it Luo Zheng who is repairing the runes? "
"Didn't you hear? Those old guys in the Runic Tower said that it would take three days to repair it, but Luo Zheng said that he could repair it in two hours! "
"Three days? Why don't they just die? You want me to wait for three days? What the hell am I going to look at?! "
"But how could Luo Zheng repair those runes? Didn't they say that the Runic Tower is the sacred land of runes in the Central Domain? Even those in the Runic Tower couldn't repair them, but Luo Zheng, a mere warrior, can do it? "
"Since he knows how to draw runes, that means Luo Zheng must be a Rune Master as well. All I can say is, this world really doesn't allow anyone to live. A Divine Reflection warrior is able to defeat those top Divine Core disciples, and he's also an expert in drawing runes …"
Many warriors on the spectator stand were whispering to each other. They didn't know how amazing the perfect brush strokes were, and they also didn't know what Luo Zheng's speed meant. All they knew was that the three old men in the Runic Tower needed three days to complete the runes, but Luo Zheng only needed two hours. This was enough to prove Luo Zheng's skill in runes.
When the Sect Chiefs of the Blood Wood Cliff, Dark Yin Mansion, and Void Spirit Sect saw how fast Luo Zheng was, they couldn't help but swallow their saliva.
How lucky was the Cloud Hall to be able to recruit a disciple like this?!
Not only was he strong, and had an amazing talent, his attainment in runes was ridiculous as well! Even Tower Master Nie from the Runic Tower, Madame Poison Blood from the Blood Wood Cliff, and Hei Ya from the Black Mountain Sect had personally paid him a visit, and spent a huge amount of money to purchase runes! But now, it looked like Tower Master Nie's strength was just a piece of cake in front of Luo Zheng …
Not only did he know how to draw runes, he could also casually take out a high-ranked Saint Item and gift it to their Sect Chiefs! This disciple was just too rich!
Madame Poison Blood stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression, and jealousy filled her eyes. She then turned to Ning Yudie who was standing on the tall platform, and thought to herself, 'This guy is really good, if I were Ning Yudie, I'd probably like him as well. But, the gap between our cultivation levels is just too big. But, this guy is able to defeat Cui Yun who has a Divine level talent with just a Divine Reflection realm cultivation. Perhaps Luo Zheng's talent is even higher than Cui Yun's! It's just a matter of time before he breaks through to the Divine Core realm, and even the False Tribulation realm …
Madame Poison Blood's mind was in a mess. On the other hand, Ning Yudie had a smile on her face. She was just quietly watching Luo Zheng seriously draw runes. When a man was serious, his charm was almost limitless.
One stone flake, five stone flakes, twenty stone flakes, fifty stone flakes …
The burnt runes were restored by Luo Zheng, piece by piece.
Soon, all 126 burnt stone flakes were restored by Luo Zheng! A few deacons from the World Business Alliance picked up the stone flakes and went to install them.
These stone flakes needed to be arranged in a certain order in order to be effective.
Aside from these three star runes, there were still three bigger stone flakes left. They were four star runes.
The difficulty of drawing a four star rune was much higher than that of a three star rune.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to directly restore the rune according to the four star rune. The stone piece was already placed in his hands, but before he began to write, his eyes flashed and he inadvertently glanced towards the high platform. His eyes gently swept over Luo Yan's face. His little sister was still like a block of wood. Besides breathing, there was no reaction at all.
His expression turned cold and the rune brush in his hand shone brightly. The first line was still drawn according to the burnt four star rune, but halfway through, the tip of his brush changed!
A very special rune appeared on the stone flake. It was a divine rune!
However, Luo Zheng's drawing was very ingenious. From afar, it didn't look much different from an ordinary four star rune. Unless Pagoda Master Nie and the others poured their soul power into the rune, they wouldn't be able to see what Luo Zheng had done. But at this moment, Pagoda Master Nie couldn't even raise his head under Shi Kefan's ridicule. How could he have the mood to use his soul power to perceive the four star rune drawn by Luo Zheng?
The difference between a four star rune and a three star rune was only one star. But the difference in difficulty was like heaven and earth. The degree of complexity was also several times higher.
Luo Zheng's brush continued to twist and turn. After about an incense stick's worth of time, the four star rune was finally completed.
The ink of the four star rune was made from cloud gold powder, a thousand year old skeleton, and other materials. Cloud gold powder was the main ingredient, so when the four star rune was created, it flashed with a golden light. But underneath the golden light, there were several inconspicuous golden lines that formed an even more profound divine rune!
Seeing that the four star rune was drawn by Luo Zheng, Shi Kefan let out a sigh of relief. He looked at Pagoda Master Nie and said with smile, "Old Nie, it seems like your name will be hung here!"
Pagoda Master Nie stared at Luo Zheng's four star rune and said after a good while, "I will hang my name upside down when I return!"
Rune Masters in the Runic Tower had their names pieced together by runes in front of their rooms. They could really hang their names upside down. But this was too shameful!
Shi Kefan sneered in his heart. 'This time, I will let you suffer a bit so that you won't show such a stink face in the future!'
In a short while, Luo Zheng's second and third four-star runes were completed as well. Subsequently, the deacons of the General Commerce League moved the three four-star runes back and arranged the runes one by one.
Shi Kefan walked over to Luo Zheng's side and politely said with smile, "Young hero Luo, I see that you have continuously drawn more than a hundred runes. Shouldn't you take some supplements? If you dislike the impurities in the Soul Nurturing Pill, I have a piece of Soul Nurturing Jade here. Wear it and it can nurture your soul. It can be considered as an extra gift for repairing your runes. "
"Soul Nurturing Jade!" Pagoda Master Nie and the other two Rune Masters' eyes flashed as they heard this.

Chapter 492
Any treasure that could increase one's soul power was extremely rare, so its value was hard to estimate.
Judging from the grade of this Soul Nurturing Jade, it could only be considered as an Immortal Tool. However, there were many Immortal Tools in the Central Domain, but how many of them could increase one's soul power?
Even in the World Business Alliance, this Soul Nurturing Jade was definitely a good item.
When Pagoda Master Nie heard that Shi Kefan wanted to give the Soul Nurturing Jade to Luo Zheng, he felt that it was unfair. Unfortunately, they didn't dare to say anything at this time, as they would only be ridiculed by others. Compared to Luo Zheng, they were useless!
Actually, Pagoda Master Nie and the others weren't that weak. After all, their Rune Technique represented the highest attainments in the Central Domain. Especially Pagoda Master Nie, he was the only Great Master who could draw a Five Star Rune. If he was placed in any Sect, he would definitely be considered a national treasure.
It could only be said that Luo Zheng was too outstanding. If they were placed together with Luo Zheng, there was simply no possibility of comparing them!
Shi Kefan dared to give the Soul Nurturing Jade to Luo Zheng because he wanted to rope in Luo Zheng.
The World Business Alliance's actions couldn't be said to be slow. When Mo Yuezhang handed over the first Rune Technique to the World Business Alliance headquarters, the three Alliance Masters had already noticed Luo Zheng.
Unfortunately, the situation changed too quickly. From the Rising Dragon Arena to the Martial Competition, and then to Luo Zheng's sudden appearance on the Rising Dragon Arena, in order to calm the situation, Shi Kefan could only interrogate him about the secret of ascension on the Rising Dragon Arena, which could be considered as slightly offending Luo Zheng.
The World Business Alliance wasn't afraid of Luo Zheng, but for this kind of talent, the World Business Alliance wasn't stingy with money to rope him in. This was also the reason why the World Business Alliance was able to develop to its current state!
This Soul Nurturing Jade could be considered as a small compensation to Luo Zheng. It wasn't too late to mend the pen after the sheep was lost.
Luo Zheng didn't reject the offer. He was very clear about the value of the Soul Nurturing Jade. After entering the Combat Soul Realm, a Soul Nurturing Jade of this level wouldn't be of much use to Luo Zheng. However, this item could be given away as a gift. Even if it was auctioned, it would still be worth a lot of money!
After receiving the Soul Nurturing Jade, Luo Zheng turned his head and said, "I just finished drawing these runes. I don't know if anything went wrong!"
After the deacons of the World Business Alliance assembled the last three pieces of stone with four-star runes drawn on them, Elder Xiao took out a disk array and prepared to test if the barrier was normal.
Pagoda Master Nie and the others were thinking that it would be best if the runes couldn't operate and the barrier couldn't be opened!
Unfortunately, Elder Xiao activated the disk array in his hand. As the disk array rotated, a barrier spread out from the edge of the arena. It quickly gathered towards the top of the arena, forming a complete light curtain.
After the first light curtain appeared, it was followed by the second, the third, and the fourth …
There were a total of six light curtains. They were tightly glued to each other, blooming with faint light.
The light curtain emitted by these six light curtains was much more solid and stable than the previous one. This was the effect of the perfect brush strokes! Luo Zheng used his perfect brush strokes to stimulate the vitality of the materials to the greatest extent. The might of the light curtain barrier was naturally stronger and could withstand a greater blow!
"Very good! It seems like it was successfully repaired! " Seeing the light curtain barrier, Shi Kefan was very satisfied, "Young hero Luo, this is the agreed reward of 50,000 top grade true essence stones!"
As soon as Shi Kefan finished speaking, someone brought over a round plate. There was a nameplate made of purple crystal on the round plate. "You can withdraw 50,000 supreme-grade True Origin Stones from any of the General Commerce League's bank accounts."
Luo Zheng nodded and received the purple crystal nameplate into his spatial ring.
"It's finally repaired! The battle can begin again! Where is the banker? Hurry, hurry, hurry, let's place our bets! "
"Luo Zheng repaired the runes, how much did he earn?"
"Didn't you hear? 50,000 top grade true essence stones, my third-grade sect doesn't even have that much income in two years … "
"Crazy, that kid is rich, rob him!"
"Hehe, first of all, you are definitely not his opponent. Secondly, your sect can't possibly be the Cloud Hall's opponent. Rob him? You are courting death! "
After an hour of delay, many martial artists began to riot again.
When Luo Zheng returned to the high platform where the Cloud Hall was located, Old Xiao nodded with satisfaction and began to draw lots again.
The competition of the Martial Arts Conference began again.
The situation in the arena had not changed. The sect martial artists still had a considerable advantage. Whenever a sect martial artist encountered an independent martial artist, the sect martial artist would basically win.
However, there was a dark horse among the independent martial artists. It was Ao Xiang from the Hulun Grassland.
Although he only had the strength of the Divine Reflection Stage, Ao Xiang relied on this scimitar to defeat two sect martial artists in succession! This was a dark horse. At this moment, the atmosphere in the arena was once again stirred up.
After all, most of the martial artists on the stands were independent martial artists, or martial artists from third-grade sects. These martial artists weren't qualified to join any of the big sects, so they had the thought that independent martial artists might not be any weaker than sect martial artists.
Ao Xiang's appearance was exactly what they thought. Besides, Ao Xiang was only at the Divine Reflection Stage, so it was already an incredible feat for him to defeat a Divine Core warrior.
Out of the ten matches in the drawing box, three of them were for Ao Xiang to fight. Ao Xiang won all three matches, causing the atmosphere in the arena to reach its peak. The entire arena was filled with excitement, and the dealer had increased the odds for Ao Xiang's victory.
After Ao Xiang's third match ended, he began to draw lots. In the previous matches, he had drawn a waiver card, but this time, Ao Xiang drew a challenger card.
After Ao Xiang drew the challenge card, he stood in the ring and circled around it.
"He drew a challenger card, who is he going to challenge?"
"Is he going to challenge Little Jie from the Void Spirit Sect? I heard he is the only Divine Realm genius in the Void Spirit Sect, and he is also at the Divine Reflection Stage.
"Not necessarily, I think it's more likely for him to challenge Luo Zheng."
Ao Xiang didn't stop at the independent martial artists' stands. He glanced around the stands, and finally, he locked eyes with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. "You want to challenge me?"
Ao Xiang smiled faintly, and his eyes moved away from Luo Zheng. He glanced over the crowd of the Void Spirit Sect, and stared at the East Evil King's high stand. Then, his eyes fell on a woman.
There were two women standing behind Cui Xie. One of them had her six senses sealed. She was Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan. Beside Luo Yan, there was another woman whose six senses were also sealed. When his eyes fell on her, endless sadness appeared in the depths of his eyes, and he clenched his scimitar tightly.
But very quickly, that sadness was replaced by a resolute expression. He raised his voice and shouted, "I challenge independent martial artist Si Miaoling!"
"What!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. At the same time, he looked at Cui Xie's high stand, and his mind was in a mess. Why did Ao Xiang want to challenge Si Miaoling?
Ao Xiang and Luo Zheng had participated in the outer disciple selection on the same day. On that day, Luo Zheng had used the 12th level pagoda to blackmail him. But, Ao Xiang, who came from the Hulun Grassland, seemed to be rich, as he didn't even blink when he paid so many True Origin Stones.
This man was an Extreme Divine Reflection Stage warrior, and he was able to challenge a Divine Core warrior. His strength shouldn't be underestimated. But, no matter what, Luo Zheng never expected Ao Xiang to challenge Si Miaoling.
"Could it be that he has the same goal as me?" Luo Zheng's heart started pounding. Luo Zheng glanced at Luo Yan, and found a girl standing right next to Luo Yan. Luo Zheng had noticed her long ago, she was the third person with the Extreme Violet Yin Body. If it wasn't for this girl, Luo Zheng wouldn't be facing such a serious situation. Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't blame her.
Was Ao Xiang here for her? This was highly possible!
Who was that girl to Ao Xiang? This wasn't important anymore.
"This is going to be troublesome!" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
Si Miaoling was Luo Zheng's target, and before that, Luo Zheng didn't want anything to go wrong. If Ao Xiang really did challenge Si Miaoling and killed her, it would be the best result for Luo Zheng. But, if he didn't kill Si Miaoling, she would be alerted, and this was the result that Luo Zheng didn't want to see the most!
But, he couldn't do anything to stop this. Perhaps, Ao Xiang was having the same thoughts as him right now.
"Challenge me? Hehehe … "Si Miaoling walked gracefully. With a charming smile on her face, she said," I think you want to kill me, don't you? "
Hearing Si Miaoling's words, Ao Xiang and Luo Zheng's hearts tightened, and their expressions changed drastically.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 493
Previously, Si Miaoling had been standing behind Cui Xie. This woman was very low-key, as if she didn't exist.
However, when she opened her mouth to speak, her entire body seemed to glow with a mysterious color. Her smile was charming and moving.
"Ao Xiang from the Hulun Grassland, known as the terminator of the Shadow Wolf King. If I'm not wrong, she is your lover, right?" Si Miaoling pointed at a woman beside Luo Yan. That woman's six senses were sealed, and she was like a piece of wood. Her face was expressionless, but one could still feel an elegant temperament from her body.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
Ao Xiang's hand was trembling. His scimitar was constantly humming, and his eyes were flickering with a dangerous light.
"So what if I am!" Ao Xiang raised his scimitar and pointed it at Cui Xie. "As the strongest person in the Central Domain, you kidnapped my lover. You all deserve to die!"
The moment Ao Xiang's words left his mouth, the entire place fell silent.
Ao Xiang was extraordinarily bold to say such words to the strongest person in the Central Domain. However, Cui Xie acted as if he didn't hear anything. He looked indifferent, as if he felt that Ao Xiang wasn't qualified to talk to him. He didn't intend to respond.
Si Miaoling chuckled. "As a martial artist, you don't even have this awareness. Should I call you childish, or childish? Your strength is too weak to protect your lover. Who can help you?! If I'm not wrong, you also have a Divine Level talent, right? "
"Hua …"
After Si Miaoling spoke, many martial artists began to discuss.
"Another martial artist with a Divine Level talent, and he's an independent martial artist!"
"What a pity. He should have gone to a large sect. I believe any large sect would have taken him in!"
"This kind of person is a dragon or phoenix among martial artists. They have the fate of being emperors. Maybe he doesn't even want to join a sect."
"Before one grows up, even if one is a dragon or a phoenix, one must remain humble. However, he doesn't know how to endure. Sigh … he actually dared to provoke Cui Xie. What a waste of his talent!"
Si Miaoling smiled and continued, "You have Divine Level Talent, but you don't know how to endure. If I were you, I would hide and cultivate. One day, when I am strong enough, I will come back for revenge. Even if I can't take revenge, I can still snatch other people's women. Why do you have to jump out at this time to court death?"
"Do you think that everyone else is as shameless as you?" Ao Xiang roared. Unable to bear it any longer, he suddenly slashed the curved blade in his hand towards Si Miaoling. A cyan colored tornado whizzed out, fiercely suppressing the high platform.
Si Miaoling's eyebrows twitched. Her jade-like hands lightly twirled, and a pure black true essence condensed into a vortex, completely eliminating the tornado.
"Don't be so anxious. You want to kill me so much. It's not like I won't give you the chance …" Si Miaoling's figure flashed, and like a woman from a painting, she floated in the middle of the stage with a smile on her face, "In fact, even if you kill me, you won't be able to save your woman! Although the Extreme Purple Yin Body is rare, it can still appear again! "
Ao Xiang gloomily stared at Si Miaoling, and coldly said, "At least it can delay it."
Si Miaoling nodded, "I understand. You can delay it until you grow up and then go find Brother Cui, right? Unfortunately … even if you are a Divine Level Talent, even if you grow up, you still won't be Brother Cui's opponent. "
"Nothing in the world is fixed. Since you stepped into the arena, I must kill you." Ao Xiang's scimitar swept across, and a sharp killing intent erupted from his body.
On the high platform of the Void Spirit Sect, Taoist Master Qing Xu looked at Ao Xiang and shook his head, "This person's talent is comparable to Little Jie's, and his temperament is also steady and determined. Unfortunately … young people are still too impulsive."
Little Jie curled his lips, "Master, it's just to save a woman. Is it worth it?"
Taoist Master Qing Xu smiled slightly, "Little Jie, you're still young, and there are some things you don't understand. How can the love between a man and a woman be measured by whether it's worth it or not?"
"I just don't think it's worth it …" Little Jie was still young, and he was wholeheartedly immersed in martial arts, so he had a completely different view of the matters between a man and a woman.
"If you don't understand, then don't speak." The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect glared at Little Jie. In his heart, he was actually on Ao Xiang's side.
For the woman he loved, how many warriors in the world could face death calmly and press forward courageously?
The world of martial artists was cruel and realistic. For the sake of a precious treasure, master and disciple would turn against each other, master and disciple would kill each other, brothers would look at each other from the sidelines. This sort of thing happened far too often, but Ao Xiang was actually willing to do this for his lover. This was far too rare.
At the Martial Arts Conference, many warriors were silent. Perhaps in their hearts, they hoped that Ao Xiang would be able to kill Si Miaoling.
But was this possible?
Not to mention that Si Miaoling was at the middle stage of the Divine Core realm, and Ao Xiang was only at the extreme Divine Reflection realm. Even if Ao Xiang could really defeat Si Miaoling, there was still the East Evil King standing next to him. That was the strongest warrior in the Central Domain!
Luo Zheng had used words to provoke Cui Yun. When Cui Xie was not on guard, he had broken Cui Yun's heart of martial arts. This was already the limit of what he could do. Si Miaoling was the most important person in the Great Demonic Joyous Union Formation that Cui Xie had set up. How could he watch Si Miaoling be killed without doing anything?
It could be said that Ao Xiang's efforts were destined to fail.
The light curtain protecting the arena slowly appeared, and the light curtain separating the two of them quietly dissipated. Si Miaoling just said softly, "Let me see how you're going to kill me."
Ao Xiang did not speak anymore. Since this woman had given him a chance, he had to grasp it.
His scimitar suddenly turned, and a cyan colored gale began to violently swirl up, while his body rushed towards Si Miaoling in the midst of the gale. He lowered his body very low, like a cheetah crawling forward in the grassland, and in the blink of an eye, he arrived in front of Si Miaoling.
"Full Moon Slash!"
The curved blade in Ao Xiang's hand drew a perfect arc and slashed towards Si Miaoling.
Si Miaoling giggled like a silver bell as she gently floated backwards. Her body was as soft as a leaf that could not bear any force.
No matter how exquisite Ao Xiang's blade technique was, Si Miaoling always maintained a certain distance from Ao Xiang.
"With this strength, you're not qualified to kill me," Si Miaoling said with a smile.
Ao Xiang just kept chasing and attacking. He slashed out again and again, but every slash missed her by a hair's breadth.
Si Miaoling seemed to be playing with him. She constantly maintained a distance and did not fight back.
"Come on, Ao Xiang! Kill that woman! "
"Ao Xiang, we support you!"
"This woman is too arrogant. I don't like the words she said. Only by killing her can I be at ease!"
The majority of the martial artists stood on Ao Xiang's side. Not to mention Ao Xiang's motives, just Si Miaoling's words made many of the independent martial artists feel stifled.
Si Miaoling was naturally speaking from the perspective of a strong martial artist. In the world of martial artists, strength was everything, but was strength equal to everything? Could strength be used to trample on others? Or even steal other people's women?
Many of the martial artists put Ao Xiang's experience into their own world. They realized that if they encountered the same thing, they would also be in a tragic situation. Therefore, they didn't like a beauty like Si Miaoling.
What Si Miaoling said was the truth. In the world of martial artists, killing, seizing treasures, betrayal, and conspiracies were endless. It happened almost every day. However, the world was often like this. You could do these things, but you couldn't say them. If you did and said them out loud, you would incur the wrath of the public!
At this moment, the most nervous person was Luo Zheng.
Because of Ao Xiang's appearance, Luo Zheng's deployment was completely disrupted.
Originally, Luo Zheng was still restraining himself from revealing all of his trump cards, trying not to reveal all of them.
Destroying Cui Yun's martial heart was only the first step in Luo Zheng's provocation of Cui Xie. If Cui Xie didn't recognize him, then the second step would be to take Si Miaoling by surprise and kill her. Not to mention, he had also tampered with the light curtain barrier in the arena to ensure that nothing would go wrong!
Now that Ao Xiang suddenly challenged Si Miaoling, it would be fine if he was strong enough to kill Si Miaoling. However, if he wasn't strong enough, then Si Miaoling would be injured and unable to fight, or she would become more vigilant. This would be a huge problem for Luo Zheng.
The chase between the two lasted for about twenty breaths of time. Ao Xiang suddenly clenched his teeth. His eyes flickered with a blue light, and blue spots appeared on his face. His ears began to become sharp, and his fingernails became very sharp, flickering with a blue luster.

Chapter 494
Ao Xiang was originally a martial artist who excelled in speed. He cultivated a wind-attribute cultivation method and had even completely comprehended the first level of the Wind Laws.
In terms of comprehension of the Wind Laws, he was already on par with Luo Zheng. However, it was unclear what kind of lucky chance Ao Xiang had relied on to comprehend the complete Wind Laws.
However, the world of martial artists was like this. Those with extraordinary talent were often accompanied by a great destiny. Ao Xiang possessed god-rank talent, so it wasn't strange for him to have such a lucky chance.
However, Si Miaoling's movement technique was even more unique. Even with Ao Xiang's speed after comprehending the Wind Laws, he still couldn't catch up to her.
After missing several times in a row, Ao Xiang used the secret technique of 'beast transformation'.
"What is that!? How did Ao Xiang's body change!? "
"His speed is too fast, I can't see clearly. Can you guys tell me what happened?"
"It's a leopard. Look at those patterns, it should be the Cloud-Piercing Leopard God Beast! He has the bloodline of a Cloud-Piercing Leopard, and the concentration of the bloodline is very high. That's why he can transform! "
Among the numerous martial artists, there were still some with vicious eyes.
The Cloud-Piercing Leopard was also a type of God Beast. Although it couldn't be compared to a Super God Beast, it was on par with the Blue Luan, Kun Peng, Heavenly Rat, and other God Beasts!
Generally speaking, even if one had the bloodline of a God Beast, they would still be unable to transform. For example, Luo Zheng had the blood of a True Dragon within his body, and even the blood essence of a True Dragon. However, he was unable to transform into a True Dragon because the concentration of his bloodline was insufficient! Only when the concentration of the bloodline reached a certain degree could one transform!
For Ao Xiang to be able to transform into a True Dragon, the concentration of the Cloud-Piercing Leopard bloodline in his body must be extremely high!
At this moment, Ao Xiang looked like a half-human half-beast. His fingernails were sharp, and his originally round pupils had turned yellow. Two thin lines appeared in the center of his pupils, similar to the eyes of a leopard. Two sharp fangs had also grown out, and his body was shrouded in a pale blue light.
"Awoo!"
Ao Xiang roared, and his speed suddenly increased by several times. He emitted the unique pressure of a God Beast, and fiercely pounced towards Si Miaoling!
"Pa!"
Si Miaoling probably didn't expect Ao Xiang's speed to increase so much. Caught off guard, she actually wasn't able to dodge Ao Xiang's attack.
His sharp claws landed heavily on Si Miaoling's shoulder!
Half of Si Miaoling's clothes had been reduced to dust, revealing the undergarments covering her chest. There were also five bloody claw marks on her shoulder, which were particularly eye-catching against her snow-white skin.
Seeing that Ao Xiang was about to grab her again, she quickly twisted her body and dodged the grab at an incredible angle. She quickly retreated to the edge of the arena.
"Shh — shh —"
"A little more, a little more!"
"This woman's skin is so white. Ao Xiang's slap should have torn her clothes to shreds!"
Hearing the explicit words of those martial artists, Si Miaoling's expression sank.
She had followed Cui Xie for dozens of years, but for the sake of his Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, she had kept her virginity. How could she endure being teased by those vulgar martial artists?
But now, she had to face Ao Xiang. It looked like she had underestimated Ao Xiang!
Ao Xiang was only an Extreme Divine Reflection warrior right now. If he had broken through to the Divine Core realm, perhaps she would have been killed by his claw.
Before transforming into her beast form, Si Miaoling was still able to remain calm, and she even had the time to run around in circles with Ao Xiang. But now, facing the transformed Ao Xiang, her expression had become serious. She lightly shook her fingers, and pure black flowers started falling down from her body!
After transforming into his beast form, Ao Xiang had entered a berserk state. There was only one thought in his mind, and that was to kill this woman in front of him!
He didn't have much time to think, he just wanted to kill with extreme speed.
Most of the martial artists couldn't keep up with his speed. They could only see a green shadow flashing past, and in the blink of an eye, he had dashed from one side of the arena to the other!
Even though Si Miaoling's movement skill was strange, it was still difficult for her to dodge Ao Xiang's attack. She casually waved her hand, and a pink feather dress wrapped around her shoulder. Of course, this feather dress wasn't as good as the one given to Ning Yudie by Luo Zheng.
However, this feather dress was still a high-ranked Immortal item, and it was one of the best amongst all Immortal items. There were very few defensive items, and the price of this feather dress was comparable to an offensive Saint item!
"Slap!"
Right after putting on the feather dress, Si Miaoling suffered another claw attack from Ao Xiang. But, the feather dress had an amazing defensive strength, and it had at least blocked 80% of Ao Xiang's attack. Therefore, Si Miaoling didn't suffer any serious injuries.
Black flowers were still falling down from her body.
One by one, they seemed to be casually falling down.
If someone's eyes were able to follow Ao Xiang's figure, they would find that many flowers had already attached themselves to his body.
However, those black flowers didn't move or itch, and Ao Xiang was already close to a berserk state. He only wanted to kill Si Miaoling in front of him, so why would he care about anything else?
"Ao!"
Ao Xiang roared, and his speed became faster and faster. In the blink of an eye, he had already attacked three times, and gradually forced Si Miaoling into a dead end.
Si Miaoling slowly retreated, and moved her feet. Ao Xiang pressed forward step by step, ready to pounce on this woman and tear her to pieces at any time.
Just when Si Miaoling couldn't retreat anymore, a sneer suddenly appeared on the corner of her mouth. Seeing that Ao Xiang was about to pounce on her, Si Miaoling opened her red lips and spat out a word.
"Grow!"
"Stab!"
Countless fine thorns began to grow out from Ao Xiang's body!
As these thorns grew, they tore open Ao Xiang's body, feeding on his flesh and blood as they crazily wriggled about.
At this time, Ao Xiang seemed to have turned into a man of blood. His hands and feet were bound by the black thorns, and his entire body seemed to have become one with the black thorns, unable to move at all!
When these thorns grew to a certain extent, from the upper part of the branches, crimson flowers began to bloom!
Si Miaoling smiled and walked in front of Ao Xiang. She reached out her hand and gently plucked a flower. She placed it at the tip of her nose and gently sniffed it. She softly said, "Always plan before you act. You can't bear the pain of losing your lover, so you are destined to never take revenge in this life."
"What are these black thorns? Aren't they too disgusting? These plants can actually feed on flesh and blood! "
"How pitiful … I'm afraid his entire body is filled with those black thorns!"
"Another god-level genius has been crippled. What is wrong with this world …"
Most of the people present did not recognize these black thorns. However, when the Mysterious Yin Old Man of the Mysterious Yin Mansion saw these black thorns, his face revealed a dignified expression. "That is a flower of flesh and blood that comes from hell. It grows specifically on the body … How did this little girl obtain it?"
However, just when everyone thought that the battle was over, Ao Xiang's immobile body suddenly trembled. A small insect appeared in his hand. This insect was only the size of a thumb and had a colorful eye on its back. The moment this insect appeared, it spread its wings and flew towards Ao Xiang's head.
When the insect flew halfway, Si Miaoling turned her hand and stabbed the flower in her hand. The flower branch pierced the insect and firmly nailed it to the ground.
Although this insect was small, it was abnormally fierce. Even though it was nailed to the ground by the flower branch, it still struggled with all its might.
Si Miaoling looked at the insect with a smile and said, "Three Corpses Gu, your determination to kill me is really strong. After this kind of gu enters your body, your strength will increase exponentially. However, you will also become a walking corpse. Even your soul will be devoured by this gu. After death, you won't be able to enter the path of reincarnation. This is what it means when the soul disperses …"
The Three Corpses Gu was an extremely vicious gu technique. After being possessed by the Three Corpses Gu, the possessed person would definitely die. Moreover, their death would be incomparably miserable. Even their brain matter and soul would be devoured by the Three Corpses Gu! However, after being possessed by the Three Corpses Gu, that person would become a killing machine. All of their potential would be completely unleashed. Using the Three Corpses Gu on himself was simply risking everything!
At this time, the light in Ao Xiang's eyes gradually dimmed. He was already in despair.
Unlike the Flower of Flesh and Blood, the Three Corpses Gu knew many people!
"He's actually willing to use the Three Corpses Gu on himself. This Ao Xiang must have a lot of determination!"
"For his woman, he actually dares to pay such a price. Sigh … what a pity."
"I've never heard of anyone who dares to use the Three Corpses Gu on themselves!"
Many martial artists were moved when they saw this scene. They pitied Ao Xiang even more in their hearts.
Luo Zheng clenched his fists tightly and stared motionlessly at the battle arena. His eyes were like ripples in water.

Chapter 495
If there was one person who could empathize with what Ao Xiang was feeling right now, it would be Luo Zheng.
He came here with the same goal as Ao Xiang, and after witnessing Ao Xiang's miserable ending, it wasn't hard to imagine what he was feeling right now.
But, the miserable ending of Ao Xiang didn't shake Luo Zheng's determination to kill Si Miaoling. In fact, his determination had become even stronger. Right now, Luo Zheng had closed his eyes, trying his best not to look at Si Miaoling. He was afraid that he couldn't suppress his killing intent, and she would sense it.
Ning Yudie sat quietly behind Luo Zheng. She wanted to say something to him using her Profound Divine Sense, but in the end, she just let out a sigh. How could she change this young man's mind with just a few words? Besides, Luo Zheng had shown enough strength to prove that he was capable of fighting a Divine Core warrior. Besides, he had so many trump cards that no one could take them all in. Who knew what other powerful trump cards he had?
But …
If Luo Zheng had killed Si Miaoling, Cui Xie would have definitely intervened.
The three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance couldn't foresee that Luo Zheng would kill Si Miaoling, and there was no way he would tell them about this. Therefore, the three fat men wouldn't be able to stop the furious Cui Xie.
That also meant that Luo Zheng would be in a hopeless situation where he would surely die!
When Ning Yudie came to this conclusion, she gently gnashed her teeth as she stared at Luo Zheng. A determined look emerged in her eyes, as if she had made up her mind.
On the fighting stage, Si Miaoling stared at Ao Xiang who couldn't move, then she smiled and said, "I won't kill you, being alive is your greatest suffering. Actually, the Heavenly Devil Orgy Union Formation is beneficial for your lover as well. After sealing all six senses, your lover will be able to break through to the Divine Core realm, and she will also be able to absorb brother Cui's Yang energy. That way, she will be able to break through to the Void Tribulation realm. Furthermore, the Heavenly Devil Orgy Union Formation is a top level Orgy Union Formation, and within it, you will be able to taste the ultimate happiness …"
Hearing Si Miaoling's words, Ao Xiang who was tightly bound by the black thorns started trembling. Even the thorns on his body and the crimson flowers were trembling!
Luo Zheng stared at Si Miaoling with his lifeless eyes. His lips were covered with dried blood stains, and he spoke with a hoarse voice.
"What did you say?" Si Miaoling walked over to Ao Xiang and asked.
Ao Xiang said with great difficulty, "Old, old virgin …"
Hearing this, Si Miaoling's expression changed. She raised her hand and slashed it toward Ao Xiang's forehead. But, in the end, she stopped right in front of Ao Xiang's forehead. With an angry smile on her face, she said, "You're trying to provoke me and make me kill you, but I don't want to! Death is the only release for you right now!"
Before Ao Xiang came to Heavenly Awakening City, he had done a thorough research on Cui Xie and the people around him. He knew that Si Miaoling had followed Cui Xie for dozens of years, and the reason why she was still a virgin was because of the Heavenly Devil Orgy Union Formation. Also, Si Miaoling hated it when people called her an old virgin.
At this point, the outcome of the fight was clear. Only then did Old Man Xiao announce, "Independent warrior Si Miaoling wins, independent warrior Ao Xiang loses!"
After the light curtain barrier was removed, the people from the World Business Alliance carried Ao Xiang down from the arena. Now, it was Si Miaoling's turn to draw a card.
Her fair hand reached into the card drawing box and pinched a card. However, her pair of beautiful eyes looked at the high platform where the Cloud Hall was located, and her eyes met with Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng's heart thumped. He instantly realized that Si Miaoling wanted to challenge him!
Thinking about it, it was understandable. Even though Cui Xie didn't put him in his eyes from beginning to end, he still broke Cui Yun's heart of martial arts. He was a person who could become an emperor in the future, and he was also Cui Xie's only son! To Cui Xie, he wasn't unimportant. How could Cui Xie not hate him?
Killing him in the arena was the best way. Therefore, when Si Miaoling drew a card, she provoked him.
If she drew a challenge card, she would probably challenge him immediately!
What Si Miaoling didn't know was that this was the result that Luo Zheng had been dreaming of!
Therefore, whether it was Si Miaoling or Luo Zheng, they were all praying that she would draw a challenge card.
The small wooden card was opened. Seeing the two words "Exempt" written on it, Si Miaoling's face revealed a disappointed expression. She stared at Luo Zheng and then returned to Cui Xie's high platform.
Now, everyone understood that Si Miaoling wanted to challenge Luo Zheng. However, a challenge card alone wasn't very useful. If Luo Zheng didn't want to accept the challenge, he had a lot of exempt cards in his hands. He could refuse Si Miaoling's challenge.
In fact, Luo Zheng was also very disappointed. He had been waiting for this moment. Unfortunately, Si Miaoling's luck wasn't good enough. She didn't draw a challenge card.
After the deacons of the World Business Alliance carried Ao Xiang down, they began to help him remove the thorns in his body.
Those black thorns grew along Ao Xiang's meridians and destroyed almost all the blood vessels in his body. If they wanted to treat him, they had to pull out the thorns in his body one by one!
Every time they pulled out a thorn, blood would spurt out. The whole process was very bloody. The deacons were also busy going back and forth.
However, the people of the World Business Alliance were used to this. Since they chose to enter the arena, they had to be mentally prepared to be injured or even die.
Elder Xiao announced that the next battle would begin drawing lots.
"Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect versus Huang Jinglong of the Mysterious Yin School!"
It was another battle between the disciples of the Main Sect! And it was Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect!
As the only god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie was quite famous. Moreover, he was the youngest in the Martial Arts Conference and only had the cultivation of the Divine Reflection Stage. It was impossible for him not to attract attention.
"It's finally Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect's turn! I've been waiting for him for a long time. I'll bet everything on him! "
"No matter how fierce he is, he's only at the Divine Reflection Stage. So what if he's a god-level genius? Didn't Cui Yun get beaten up by Luo Zheng? "
"Yes, and Luo Zheng isn't even at the Divine Reflection Stage. Luo Zheng is at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Stage. It seems that god-level geniuses aren't that great. Xiao Jie's opponent isn't simple either. He's the eldest disciple of the Mysterious Yin School!"
The martial artists were very interested in Xiao Jie's first battle. The atmosphere quickly became lively.
Luo Zheng didn't put all of his attention on the arena. He was paying attention to Ao Xiang, who was receiving treatment.
Halfway through the treatment, Luo Zheng suddenly used a true essence sound transmission to say something to Ning Yudie. Then, Luo Zheng took a golden pill from Ning Yudie's hand. Then, he jumped down from the high stage and walked over to the half-dead Ao Xiang.
Ao Xiang's willpower was so strong that it far exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations. Almost half of the blood in his body had flowed out, and his entire body was riddled with holes. Even so, he was still conscious. It was just that he was too weak and couldn't move.
But when he saw Luo Zheng, his eyes revealed a strange look. He didn't have any friendship with Luo Zheng. In fact, he had traveled thousands of miles from the Hulun Plains. Besides his lover, he didn't know anyone else in Heavenly Awakening City.
Moreover, during the outer region trial, Luo Zheng had extorted many top grade true essence stones from him. What did he want to do here?
"A sixth-grade pill. It can save your life," Luo Zheng whispered.
This pill was something that Luo Zheng had asked Ning Yudie for. Luo Zheng might not have any relationship with Ao Xiang, and Ao Xiang's life or death wouldn't change anything. But when Luo Zheng felt Ao Xiang's determination, he felt that he should stand up.
Even Ning Yudie didn't have much of this sixth-grade pill. It was a high-grade healing panacea from the Cloud Hall.
"Why …?" Ao Xiang asked with difficulty.
Luo Zheng wrapped the sixth-grade pill with his true essence. With a light pinch, the golden pill was crushed. Then Luo Zheng's fingers moved slightly, and the powdered pill flew into Ao Xiang's mouth.
Hearing Ao Xiang's question, Luo Zheng blinked. Besides Ning Yudie and Ning Yudie's master, no one else knew the answer. Finally, Luo Zheng used a true essence sound transmission and said to Ao Xiang, "Why? Because we have the same goal. "
Ao Xiang's eyes had already lost their luster. He even thought that after this failure, even the meaning of living had disappeared.
But after hearing Luo Zheng's words, his lifeless eyes glowed. He opened his mouth slightly excitedly, "You, you …"
Ao Xiang was different from Luo Zheng. Before going to Heaven Awaken City, Ao Xiang had done a thorough investigation of Cui Xie. He not only investigated the identity of Si Miaoling, but also the identity of the other woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. He thought that the woman was called Luo Yan, and her surname was Luo!
Luo Zheng's surname was also Luo. When Ao Xiang heard him say this, he almost instantly guessed Luo Zheng's identity.
(Thank God I can breathe fire, 5000 reading coins reward!! I had something to do during the day, sorry for the delay! I will try to speed up ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 496
At this moment, the sixth-grade pill had begun to take effect. With such a high-grade healing pill, as long as the person wasn't dead, he could basically be saved.
However, Ao Xiang's meridians were almost completely damaged. Even if his body completely recovered, it would be difficult for him to return to his peak strength in a short period of time. He might not even be able to recover for the rest of his life.
At this moment, he didn't care about the condition of his body at all. Instead, he looked at Luo Zheng with an excited expression. The extinguished flame of hope in his heart was reignited.
If it was anyone else, they would be agitated. His plan to kill Si Miaoling had failed, so everything was over. There was no way to reverse this matter, unless Cui Xie let go of Ao Xiang's lover, but was this possible?
What Ao Xiang didn't expect was that there was someone else who was carrying out the same plan as him!
"Take your time to recover." Luo Zheng nodded to him, then returned to the high platform.
Not far away, Si Miaoling saw this scene and revealed a faint sneer on her face. Her gaze returned to the arena.
On the arena, Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect and Huang Jinglong of the Mysterious Yin Mansion were fighting fiercely.
Although Huang Jinglong was a middle stage Divine Core cultivator, and Xiao Jie was only at the extreme Divine Core stage, Xiao Jie had completely suppressed Huang Jinglong from beginning to end!
This god-level genius who was only 15 years old had fully displayed his terrifying strength.
Even if Huang Jinglong of the Mysterious Yin Mansion used all kinds of trump cards, Xiao Jie still easily received them. Because it was too easy, Xiao Jie didn't even use the Law of Space that he was so proud of.
After this battle ended without any suspense, Xiao Jie went to draw a card. Unexpectedly, Xiao Jie's luck was surprisingly good. The first card he drew was actually a challenge card.
"Challenge card …" Xiao Jie's slightly childish eyes stared at the wooden card in his hand, then his gaze fell directly on the high platform. He actually wanted to use this challenge card directly.
"Who does he want to challenge?"
"He just got a challenge card, and he wants to challenge someone. This kid …"
"The genius of the Void Spirit Sect really can't be underestimated!"
When Xiao Jie's gaze fell on Luo Zheng, he pointed at him. "I want to challenge you, Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Although Xiao Jie's cultivation was at the pinnacle of the Divine Realm and was a god-tier genius like Cui Yun, his strength seemed to be greater than Cui Yun's.
Before the fight with Si Miaoling, Luo Zheng didn't want anything to go wrong. Thus, he shook his head and said indifferently, "I refuse!" Then, Luo Zheng took out a waiver card.
Seeing the waiver card in Luo Zheng's hand, Xiao Jie couldn't help but pout.
At the beginning, Luo Zheng's performance had attracted Xiao Jie's attention. As Luo Zheng continued to defeat Divine Core warriors, Xiao Jie had set Luo Zheng as his second target. His first target was Cui Yun!
But, before Xiao Jie and Cui Yun fought, Luo Zheng had defeated Cui Yun, and destroyed Cui Yun's heart of martial dao with his absolute strength. Therefore, Luo Zheng had naturally become Xiao Jie's first target.
"You don't have the guts to fight me!" Xiao Jie said gloomily.
Luo Zheng shook his head with an indifferent expression. He didn't respond to Xiao Jie's childish challenge. If he had the chance, he would definitely fight Xiao Jie at the end of the Martial Dao Competition, but now wasn't the time.
Therefore, Xiao Jie could only pout and return to the Void Spirit Sect's stage, his face filled with anger.
"Sigh … actually, I really want to see Luo Zheng and Xiao Jie fight!"
"One is a fourth level Divine Reflection warrior, and the other is an Extreme Divine Reflection warrior. One of them is only 15 years old, and the other is not even 18 years old. The younger generation nowadays is getting more and more abnormal."
"Is Luo Zheng scared? I don't think so, he doesn't look like that kind of person! "
Luo Zheng had rejected Xiao Jie's challenge with the exemption card, and this made many warriors feel regretful. But, after giving it some thought, they knew these two men would fight sooner or later, so they weren't in a hurry.
Coincidentally, when Elder Xiao drew his lot again, his opponent was Luo Zheng!
"Cloud Hall's Luo Zheng versus Black Mountain Sect's Meng Ke!" Elder Xiao announced.
Black Mountain Sect's Meng Ke let out a mischievous laugh. His huge body was about to jump down from the stage.
But right at this moment, Luo Zheng said, "I refuse!" Luo Zheng had taken out his second exemption card!
"Why did he refuse again?!"
"What's going on? Luo Zheng still has a few exemption cards, right? Is he going to keep refusing? "
"Black Mountain Sect's Meng Ke isn't too strong, he's only an Early Divine Core warrior. His combat strength is far weaker than Cui Yun, and he's weaker than Xiao Jie as well. I don't know why Luo Zheng is refusing."
What made all the warriors feel even more strange was, in the following 13 matches, Luo Zheng's opponent was twice. But, both times, Luo Zheng had used his exemption card, and he had refused to fight. Even when he was facing an independent warrior with average combat strength, Luo Zheng still refused to fight.
Also, in these 13 matches, Si Miaoling had fought twice as well. She won both matches, and obtained a exemption card and a challenge card.
When she obtained the challenge card, Si Miaoling didn't use it immediately, she was waiting for an opportunity.
After Luo Zheng used up all the exemption cards in his hand, Si Miaoling smiled. She raised the challenge card up high, then with a gentle and pleasant voice, she said, "I choose to challenge Luo Zheng. This time … you can't refuse, right?"
Hearing Si Miaoling's words, Luo Zheng smiled. The reason he used up all the exemption cards just now was to eliminate Si Miaoling's worries, and allow her to challenge him on her own.
"Indeed, I can't refuse. But, why should I refuse?" Luo Zheng replied with a calm expression.
After saying that, just as he was about to step down from the stage, Ning Yudie's voice suddenly sounded out from behind him.
"Luo Zheng … be careful …" Ning Yudie warned.
Luo Zheng looked back. Ning Yudie's face was covered with a layer of icy mist, making it impossible for others to see her incomparably beautiful face. However, Luo Zheng could feel her worry. Luo Zheng nodded and said softly, "I understand."
After Luo Zheng walked down from the stage, Ning Yudie lowered her eyes and said softly, "Do you really understand …"
Luo Zheng, who had walked onto the stage, felt his heart start to beat faster. Every muscle in his body entered the most tense state.
He had been waiting for this opportunity for a long time. This battle was very important to Ao Xiang, and it was equally important to Luo Zheng. Perhaps, it was also very important to Si Miaoling. After all, Luo Zheng had destroyed Cui Yun's martial heart. In comparison, Cui Xie hoped that Si Miaoling could defeat him on the stage.
Just as Si Miaoling was about to jump down from the stage, Cui Xie suddenly frowned. "Miaoling, don't give him a chance."
Si Miaoling turned back and smiled sweetly. "Brother Cui, do you not believe in my strength? I will definitely avenge Little Yun 'er! That brat will definitely die. "
For someone like Cui Xie, it wasn't impossible to make up for the destruction of Cui Yun's martial heart. However, he would have to pay a considerable price to rebuild Cui Yun's martial heart. Moreover, there would be a lot of trouble in the process. For example, Cui Yun's temperament might change drastically, and she might even lose part of her memories.
This was because rebuilding one's martial heart involved the origin of one's soul and memories. Not to mention the Central Domain, even the people of the four Divine Kingdoms didn't have a deep understanding of this aspect.
Cui Xie didn't say anything else. He watched as Si Miaoling stepped onto the stage.
For some reason, Cui Xie had a strange feeling surrounding him. It was as if he was a prey that was being watched by a hunter. As the strongest person in the Central Domain, this feeling was unreal. As the strongest person in the Central Domain, who would dare to treat him as prey?
Si Miaoling's clothes had been torn by Ao Xiang, so she had changed into a light yellow outer garment. She had a faint smile on her face as she stared at Luo Zheng. "I don't understand!"
"What don't you understand?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"You deliberately used the exemption card in your hand and waited for me to challenge you?" Si Miaoling's eyes twinkled as she smiled.
This woman was very smart. Luo Zheng knew that it would be difficult to fool her. He chuckled and said, "Because I couldn't draw a challenge card, I could only wait for you to challenge me."
"Aren't you afraid of death? Or do you have the same goal as that guy called Ao Xiang? Speaking of which, you have the same surname as that little girl called Luo Yan. But it can't be such a coincidence, right? " Cui Xie didn't investigate Luo Yan's family in detail. After all, the Eastern Domain and the Central Domain were too far apart. Cui Xie didn't have the ability to personally go to the Blue Cloud Sect.
More importantly, Cui Xie believed that there was no existence in the Eastern Domain that could threaten him. No matter what Luo Yan's background was, Cui Xie didn't care at all. He only needed Luo Yan's Extreme Violet Yin Body.
This was also why Cui Xie couldn't remember who Luo Zheng was. After all, Cui Xie couldn't remember much about an ant.

Chapter 497
No matter what, since they were standing in the arena, both sides had achieved their goals.
Because of Cui Yun, Cui Xie couldn't let Luo Zheng go. Therefore, killing Luo Zheng in the arena was the best choice.
And because of Luo Yan, Luo Zheng wanted to kill Si Miaoling from the very beginning.
There were endless bloodthirsty people in the Martial Arts Contest, but there was no contest like this one, where only one side could survive.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't speak, Si Miaoling gently moved her snow-white wrist. Little bits of purple True Essence spread out to the surroundings. "It's none of your business. Whatever your purpose is, you want me to challenge you. You can't turn back …"
After she finished speaking, the purple True Essence suddenly sped up and spread out rapidly. The entire arena was dyed with a purple luster. At the same time, the purple luster was flowing slowly, like a purple ocean.
Looking at the purple luster, Luo Zheng's face revealed a touch of vigilance. Previously, Luo Zheng had already shown 60% of his strength, but Si Miaoling was still indifferent. She was quite confident in her own strength. What kind of trump card was she hiding?
Luo Zheng didn't recognize what the purple luster was, but some warriors were already boiling.
"It's a Realm! It's actually the Extreme Violet Realm! "
"Realm? Isn't that something that only warriors who have stepped into the Divine Sea Realm have? "
"It should be because of Si Miaoling's Extreme Violet Yin Body. The Extreme Violet Yin Body is originally a very special constitution. Otherwise, Cui Xie wouldn't have spent so much effort to set up the Great Formation of Heavenly Devil Joyous Union!"
"Alas, it seems that Luo Zheng is also no match for Si Miaoling. I'm afraid that he can't escape the fate of certain death. His end is probably even worse than Ao Xiang's."
Shrouded in the purple luster, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. "Realm?"
Si Miaoling covered her mouth with two fingers and chuckled. She looked at Luo Zheng as if she was looking at a dead man. As the light curtain on the arena suddenly dispersed, six short throwing knives jumped out of her hands. Then she casually threw the throwing knives, and the six throwing knives shot in different directions.
"Swish, swish, swish, swish, swish!"
After the six throwing knives spread out to a certain extent, they shot towards Luo Zheng from different directions...
These six flying daggers sealed off Luo Zheng's six directions. No matter which direction Luo Zheng dodged, he would be attacked by a flying dagger head-on!
. Luo Zheng's eyes were calm. He gently squeezed his body and dodged a throwing knife in front of him. But just as he dodged the throwing knife, it suddenly bounced off a wall and changed its direction, shooting straight towards Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng's expression froze for a moment. In this moment of crisis, he suddenly lowered his body like a thousand kilograms drop.
Even with his reaction speed, the throwing knife still brushed past Luo Zheng's cheek, leaving a trace of blood on his face.
Si Miaoling's face was full of smiles. She said softly, "I told you, in my Extreme Violet Realm, you're just a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. You can't escape with your life …"
Luo Zheng didn't have time to listen to Si Miaoling's nonsense. These six throwing knives were obviously not ordinary weapons. They were at least high-grade immortal weapons. If he was hit by these throwing knives, it would cause a lot of damage to Luo Zheng. He had just dodged the first throwing knife. Behind him, five more were shooting towards him!
He turned over and was just about to dodge a throwing knife when a purple mist formed. As soon as the purple mist appeared, it turned into a hand and gently pulled Luo Zheng's leg!
Although the force of the pull was not great, it affected the operation of Luo Zheng's body movement.
"Puff!"
Just then, a throwing knife brushed past Luo Zheng's arm again and cut his robe.
In this Extreme Violet Realm, Luo Zheng seemed to be restrained everywhere. Although these restraints didn't have much effect on Luo Zheng and he only needed to use a little strength to break free, the problem was that there were still six deadly throwing knives. As long as his body moved a little slower, one of the throwing knives would sweep over him.
Therefore, although Luo Zheng nimbly dodged these throwing knives, more and more wounds appeared on his body.
Si Miaoling stood calmly on one side of the fighting arena, watching Luo Zheng struggle in her Extreme Violet Realm. Her face was full of smiles. "Where's your sword spirit? Why don't you summon that beautiful sword spirit? If it weren't for that sword spirit, you wouldn't be a match for Cui Yun … But even if you summon the sword spirit, it's useless. You can't break the Extreme Violet Realm. "
Just as Luo Zheng was dodging in a flurry, he saw an opportunity. His figure suddenly flashed. He took a small step forward, but in this step, he crossed the space and arrived in front of Si Miaoling in an instant. "Women really talk a lot of nonsense!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng threw a punch at Si Miaoling's face.
Si Miaoling didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to cross the space. When she saw Luo Zheng suddenly appear next to her, her face turned pale, and she closed her eyes tightly.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng didn't care about Si Miaoling's emotions. Without any hesitation, he threw a punch at her.
Luo Zheng had activated the strength of 300 dragon scales. Not to mention she was just a Divine Core warrior, even a False Tribulation warrior's body wouldn't be able to withstand this punch.
However, when Luo Zheng's fist landed on Si Miaoling's face, she immediately turned into a purple smoke and vanished in front of him.
The punch missed its target, and the tremendous force landed on the floor.
Even though the fighting stage was specially designed to evenly distribute the force that landed on it, the entire fighting stage still produced a loud bang, and a deep hole was formed in front of Luo Zheng.
On the other side of the fighting stage, Si Miaoling's figure reappeared amidst the purple smoke. She was giggling. "The Law of Space, what a surprise! You've actually comprehended the hardest Law to comprehend … I really don't know how you did it, but too bad, it's still useless."
The Law of Space, there were very few people in the Central Domain who could comprehend it. Even Daoist Dameng from the Cloud Hall only had a superficial understanding of the Law of Space.
Compared to the other Laws, the Law of Space could be said to be the strongest, and it was on par with the most mysterious Law of Time.
But, when all the warriors in the stands saw Luo Zheng unleash the Law of Space, they felt numb to it.
"I guess Luo Zheng has comprehended all the Laws …"
"Everyone's affinity with the Laws is different. It's impossible for one person to comprehend all the Laws. This is an ironclad rule!"
"He can be called a god-level genius just by comprehending two Laws. To comprehend so many Laws … What level of genius is Luo Zheng?"
These warriors naturally didn't understand what a "Law Baptism" was. In fact, before experiencing the Law Baptism, Luo Zheng's affinity with the Law of Space was the highest. Therefore, Luo Zheng chose to comprehend the Law of Space's obelisk first.
But after the Law Baptism, his body's affinity with all the Laws was adjusted to the highest level, and he no longer had the shackles of cultivating the Laws …
When Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect saw Luo Zheng cross space with a single step, his face was full of depression. Xiao Jie was still young, so he often had to say what was on his mind. "Eldest Senior Brother, didn't you tell me not to compare myself with someone like Luo Zheng? He, he … even learned the Law of Space that I'm most proficient in! "
Completely comprehending the first level of the Law of Space had always been Xiao Jie's proudest achievement. This was also one of Xiao Jie's greatest trump cards.
After all, no warrior in the Central Domain had been able to completely comprehend the first level of the Law of Space. Only he, Xiao Jie, had done it. Furthermore, he only had the cultivation of an extreme Divine Reflection Realm. How could Xiao Jie not be proud of this?
However, what Xiao Jie never expected was that not only did Luo Zheng comprehend the Law of Fire, the Law of Wind, and the Law of Thunder … Now, he could even casually use the Law of Space. This was too much of a blow to him.
This god-level genius from the Void Spirit Sect had never fought with Luo Zheng before, but he was already shocked by Luo Zheng.
The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect was speechless for a long time after hearing Xiao Jie's words.
This eldest senior brother was originally a heaven-level genius and the most eye-catching person in the Void Spirit Sect. Later, a monstrous Xiao Jie appeared in the Void Spirit Sect, and the talent that he displayed completely convinced the eldest senior brother.
He had always firmly believed that Xiao Jie was the number one genius in the Central Domain since ancient times. Even Cui Yun could not compare to Xiao Jie!
But now, Luo Zheng had appeared. Although he wasn't able to compete with Little Jie, his cultivation was lower than Little Jie's, but the techniques he used weren't any weaker than Little Jie's. This completely overturned Eldest Senior Brother's worldview. He didn't know what to say.

Chapter 498
Just as the Void Spirit Sect's Eldest Senior Disciple didn't know what to say, Daoist Qing Xu let out a long sigh. "What a pity, such a good seedling won't live long enough. Ning Yudie is still too young, why must she enter the Martial Dao Competition …"
Daoist Qing Xu's sigh was filled with emotion. Obviously, he also thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to break Si Miaoling's Extreme Violet Sphere, and that Luo Zheng would be the one to lose in the end.
On the spectator stand, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao didn't have any smiles on their faces.
Even if Luo Zheng was able to quickly approach Si Miaoling with the Law of Space, he still wouldn't be able to pose any threat to her. What should they do now?
The situation on the stage was still very tense.
After mastering the first level of the Law of Space, Luo Zheng was able to teleport.
There were some warriors who could teleport with their incredible speed, but no matter how fast they were, they still needed time to teleport. It could be as short as a breath, or as short as a blink of an eye.
But, Luo Zheng's Teleportation allowed him to teleport across space! Theoretically, when he teleported across space, it didn't take him any time at all.
This unpredictable method of teleportation was more than enough for Luo Zheng to fight most Divine Core warriors, but it didn't work when facing Si Miaoling.
Within the Extreme Violet Sphere, Luo Zheng couldn't cause any harm to Si Miaoling. Whenever Luo Zheng arrived in front of Si Miaoling and threw a punch at her, she would turn into a purple smoke and disappear in front of Luo Zheng. At the same time, she would laugh out loud.
"Is it going to work?" Si Miaoling reappeared behind Luo Zheng and asked with a smile on her face.
Luo Zheng turned around and kicked her, but Si Miaoling disappeared once again and reappeared somewhere further away. She shook her head and looked at Luo Zheng with a teasing expression, as if she was teasing a puppy she had raised.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
Another three throwing knives were thrown at Luo Zheng from different directions.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. A silver light flashed in his hand, and a throwing knife was thrown out as well. With Luo Zheng as the center, it gently swung back and forth.
"Clang Clang Clang!"
The three throwing knives were instantly destroyed by Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife.
Actually, from the beginning, these three throwing knives couldn't cause any serious damage to Luo Zheng. That was why he was injured injured to hurt Si Miaoling Luo Zheng. He was just trying to paralyze to give her a surprise attack to kill her to deal.
But he didn't expect, he couldn't kill couldn't kill to kill to kill to kill to kill to kill to kill?
This was this to be.
Would she turn She turn turn, she would turn to attack her to turn? Can 'to To Kill to's?
T't to to's to to't to's to's to '''s to to to's True True She's, 'Be her''s't '''s her's, her '''s?!
"That should be the case!" Luo Zheng had been misled from the start. The Si Miaoling he was attacking was an illusion formed by the purple smoke. Si Miaoling had been talking and taunting him all this time. Her goal was to lure him into attacking her.
Then where was Si Miaoling hiding in the fighting arena?
Luo Zheng suddenly used his Spiritual Strength to sense the fighting arena in all directions. After he slowly released his Spiritual Strength, the confusion on his face became even more intense.
He didn't feel any fluctuations …
Where was Si Miaoling's' True True Body hiding?
"You want to use your Spiritual Strength to sense my existence? Not a bad idea, but it's a pity it's useless. "The purple smoke continued to condense in front of Luo Zheng. Si Miaoling appeared right in front of Luo Zheng.
"With your knowledge and strength, you simply don't understand what the Extreme Violet Domain is. For you, this is an unsolvable dilemma." Another wisp of purple smoke drifted, forming another Si Miaoling that floated beside Luo Zheng's body. She even leaned close to Luo Zheng's ear and whispered into his ear.
Looking at the two Si Miaolings, Luo Zheng struck out with his palm, and immediately turned them into two streams of purple smoke.
However, more and more Si Miaolings appeared on the stage. One, two, three, four … Every single one of them had the same expression on their faces. They all had a faint smile on their faces as they looked at Luo Zheng with indifference.
The most terrible thing was that these were not illusions. They could really hurt Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could do nothing to her.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face darkened. Where was her real body?
"Haha, this is the power of the Extreme Violet Yin Body. This woman has completely activated the characteristics of the Extreme Violet Yin Body. Her real body is already in the Extreme Violet Realm." Qinglong's faint voice rang out again.
"The Extreme Violet Realm?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right. The Purple Extreme Realm is a very small world. It can't be considered a big world. Any creature with the Purple Extreme Yin Body can form a connection with the Purple Extreme Realm after activating it. It's a bit like the connection between you and the Killing Sword Mountain. The only difference is that you can only store your Evil Qi in the Killing Sword Mountain, but this woman can directly hide in the Purple Extreme Realm. That way, she can rest assured! "Qinglong added," You also have to pay attention to the fact that although the Extreme Violet Realm is not big, someone has forged 990 billion giant swords. Anyone with the Extreme Violet Yin Body can use those giant swords to defend against enemies. The higher one's cultivation, the more giant swords they can summon. It's said that when the Extreme Violet Yin Body is cultivated to the peak, it can summon 990 billion giant swords at the same time and destroy the world … Here it is! "
As soon as Qinglong's voice fell, a giant sword suddenly appeared above Luo Zheng's head. The giant sword was about three meters wide and six meters long. The body of the sword was neither gold nor copper. There was a layer of green rust on its surface, as if it had been stored for a long time! The giant sword appeared in a vertical form, but as soon as it appeared, it slashed down toward Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng dodged in time, but there was a big gap in the arena. The arena was so strong, but it still couldn't withstand the giant sword's attack! Even if Luo Zheng's body was strong, it was impossible for him to withstand these giant swords!
After the giant sword slashed down, it gradually disappeared. Then, two more giant swords appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
"Bang bang!"
Two more deep trenches appeared on the fighting stage.
Luo Zheng had just dodged two giant swords when three more appeared above his head!
The Extreme Violet Yin Body was really tricky!
According to Qinglong, the so-called Extreme Violet Realm was not a big realm, but there were 990 billion giant swords in it. With Si Miaoling's cultivation, it was impossible for her to summon so many giant swords!
But it was not just 990 billion giant swords! In the current situation, if dozens or hundreds of giant swords slashed down, Luo Zheng would probably be smashed into meat paste!
"Bang bang bang bang …"
Four giant swords suddenly smashed down, cutting four more ditches in the arena.
Outside the arena, the martial artists in the stands were dumbfounded as they saw the giant swords appearing one after another, constantly slashing down.
"What the f * ck is this! So many giant swords appeared out of nowhere! "
"Where did so many giant swords come from? This giant sword can be sold for a lot of money, right? "
"The number of giant swords keeps increasing. If it keeps increasing, Luo Zheng can't do anything."
Five giant swords fell at the same time …
Six giant swords fell at the same time …
Ten giant swords fell at the same time …
As more and more giant swords fell on Luo Zheng's head, the space for him to dodge became smaller and smaller!
"She's hiding in the Extreme Violet Realm, so I can't do anything?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's not the case. There's a way to solve everything," Qinglong said with a smile.
"Why didn't you say so earlier!" Luo Zheng said angrily in his mind.
"You didn't ask …"
"Bang!"
A giant sword fell, almost touching Luo Zheng's forehead. The giant blade was embedded in the arena's platform, and then slowly disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"I'm going to die if I don't tell you now!" Luo Zheng once again broke through the dimension and arrived at another corner of the arena. But, those damn giant swords followed him like a shadow, not giving Luo Zheng any chance to catch his breath. Just as he arrived at the other side of the arena, another twenty giant swords appeared above his head!
"Haha, Old Ninth is always like this! Dilly-Dallying, not panicking at all! That woman is just a Divine Core warrior, there's no way she can travel in the Extreme Violet Realm and travel through dimensions. It's just that those with the Extreme Violet Yin Body can create special dimensional nodes that allow them to communicate with the Extreme Violet Realm! She's right in that dimensional node, all you need to do is to find that dimensional node! "The red dragon was an impatient person, and he immediately told Luo Zheng everything.
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng once again broke through the dimension and dodged the twenty giant swords above his head.
Right at this moment, the entire arena was in a mess. Huge cracks could be seen everywhere, and not a single spot was left intact.
"Node? Where is that dimensional node?" Just as Luo Zheng finished his question, another twenty one giant swords appeared above his head.
(These two updates are to make up for yesterday's missing two updates. That means there will be six updates today. You guys are so generous with your monthly tickets and rewards, I have no choice but to give it my all!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 499
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the two True Dragons said they didn't know at the same time.
"Her space node must be somewhere in the arena. Although the node is hidden, as long as you use the Law of Space to constantly travel back and forth, you will eventually be able to find it," Qinglong added.
"I see!" Luo Zheng's figure flashed and he took a step forward. Traveling through space, he once again dodged the 21 giant swords above his head.
As the 21 giant swords fell down heavily, half of the entire arena collapsed. This arena, which had taken the efforts of countless craftsmen, was now like a tilted sunken ship, with one end tilted up high and the other pressed into the ground.
Luo Zheng continued to shuttle between the giant swords, from top to bottom, left to right, while the True Essence in his body was constantly circulating, supporting Luo Zheng's use of the Law of Space.
One giant sword after another slashed down and then slowly disappeared. Luo Zheng's figure was also constantly swaying. Every time he shuttled back and forth, he would leave behind countless afterimages. Those were the shadows left behind by his shuttling through space, projecting illusions.
This scene confused the martial artists on the grandstand.
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do on the ground?"
"He can indeed effectively avoid those giant swords by constantly traveling through space, but as more and more giant swords appear, he can't escape death in the end."
"He's just stalling for time. Alas, what a pity. Si Miaoling is very likely to take first place in this Martial Arts Conference. I'm afraid the Rising Dragon Arena will fall into her hands."
Although these cultivators did not have the qualifications to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, they were very clear about the current situation. In their opinion, the cultivators with the most strength to compete for the top three should be the Void Spirit Sect's Little Jie, Si Miaoling, and Luo Zheng.
In this battle, Si Miaoling would not let Luo Zheng go, so Luo Zheng was bound to die. In that case, the final would most likely be between Si Miaoling and Little Jie, and Little Jie … seemed to be unable to break this Extreme Violet Field.
This Extreme Violet Domain was simply too perverted. She could not be harmed at all. With an unbreakable domain, who could defeat Si Miaoling?
There was a transparent crystal floating in Ning Yudie's hand. There was an eye hidden in the crystal. The eye was as big as a walnut, but it was unknown what kind of creature's eye it belonged to. It was like a living creature, and the eyeball could even move.
Her small hand clenched the lower half of the crystal, watching Luo Zheng's every move.
The Cloud Hall had a long history. As the second largest sect in the Central Domain, it had left behind a rich heritage.
The crystal in her hand was obtained by the thirteenth Sect Master of the Cloud Hall from the Arctic Ice Plains four thousand years ago. Then, he used a secret technique to seal it in the crystal and preserve it until now. This was the eye of a baby Cilie.
Although the Ci Lie Beast could not be considered a Super Divine Beast, it was the mortal enemy of a True Dragon. This Law Eye was the third Law Eye of the infant Ci Lie Beast. After being refined with a secret technique, it could be used three times.
In the history of the Cloud Hall, when it encountered a great crisis, this eye was used twice. With the power of this eye, it was enough to kill any False Tribulation Realm expert.
However, it was far from enough to kill Cui Xie. After all, Cui Xie was an existence that surpassed the False Tribulation Realm. However, with this eye's ability to destroy everything, it was possible to kill Si Miaoling, who was hiding.
Ning Yudie was very clear about the consequences of using the eye of destruction. It could even drag the Cloud Hall into a state of eternal damnation. Therefore, she hesitated and waited …
More and more huge swords appeared in the arena at the same time. Now, the number of huge swords had increased to 40!
The 40 huge swords slashed down at the same time, almost covering the entire arena. Luo Zheng could only shuttle between the huge swords and find an extremely narrow gap to hide in.
Several huge swords almost touched Luo Zheng's chest and back, smashing a huge hole in the arena.
"Whoosh …"
Before the next wave of giant swords fell, Luo Zheng's figure once again shuttled through space. This time, when he shuttled through space, he suddenly discovered that there was a slight change in space, as if there was a slight distortion in space at that moment!
The space in the Vast Thousand Realms was very stable, so Luo Zheng was unable to find the black line in the Vast Thousand Realms like the one in the Path of the Trial Taker. Therefore, Luo Zheng instantly realized that the distortion should be the space node, and Si Miaoling must be hiding in it.
Just as this thought arose in his mind, another 40 huge swords appeared and slashed down.
Luo Zheng's figure once again swayed forward and backward, circling the edge of the arena. After dodging the huge swords, he turned around, pulled out a long sword from his sumeru ring, and suddenly stabbed towards the space node! Moreover, his first move was the fiercest Collapsing Sword!
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do? Why is he suddenly attacking the void? "
"Could it be that he discovered something? Could Si Miaoling be hiding there? "
"Could it be that he was driven crazy by those huge swords? There's clearly nothing there, it's empty … "
Luo Zheng's long sword stabbed into the space node. Everyone saw a strange blooming of blood in midair. Then, a figure staggered out from there, clutching his chest and staring at Luo Zheng with a pair of vicious eyes.
"There's really someone! Si Miaoling is actually hiding in the void! "a martial artist shouted.
Luo Zheng held the Saint Grade long sword and stared at Si Miaoling, "Who said I can't break your Extreme Violet Domain?"
Si Miaoling covered her bleeding chest, and a touch of blood suddenly appeared on her gloomy and pale face. Then, she laughed, "I really didn't expect that you would use such a clumsy method to find me."
Being stabbed by a Saint Grade weapon didn't feel good. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Saint Grade weapon didn't have any additional effects. Perhaps because it was a standard weapon, this Saint Grade weapon didn't contain any martial skills other than toughness and power that could contend with other Saint Grade weapons.
"I'm not interested in playing hide-and-seek with you. Since I've found you, then you … die!" Luo Zheng didn't stay any longer. His figure flashed again, and after crossing the space, his sword met Si Miaoling's face.
Si Miaoling's figure fluttered, but she still had a smile on her face. "I didn't expect that I'd still underestimated your strength. But if you think you can beat me like this, you're sorely mistaken!" After dodging Luo Zheng's sword, she stopped covering her wound and let the gurgling blood splatter. Then she laughed, "This move is a little unstable. Even I can't control it well …"
Si Miaoling's blood had just scattered on the ground, but it didn't seep into the ground. Instead, it kept jumping around like little insects.
The drops of blood lined up with each other, forming a unique rune. Then, the Genuine Vitality in Si Miaoling's body continuously drilled into the rune.
At the same time, another purple light shot into the space node that Luo Zheng had just stabbed.
Seeing this, Qinglong's vigilant voice suddenly floated in Luo Zheng's mind, "Luo Zheng, quickly kill this woman! She's summoning the True Spirit of the Extreme Purple Realm. Even if the weakest True Spirit descends, you'll still end up dead. No one can save you! "
Even when Luo Zheng was being crushed by the giant swords summoned by Si Miaoling, Qinglong was neither fast nor slow. Qinglong believed that those giant swords couldn't cause fatal damage to Luo Zheng.
However, at this time, Qinglong was a little anxious.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He took a step forward, arrived in front of Si Miaoling, and slashed down with his sword.
Si Miaoling's figure fluttered again. This time, she narrowly avoided the sword, but half of her long hair was cut off by Luo Zheng.
"Again!" Luo Zheng's eyes were surging with killing intent. He rushed toward Si Miaoling again, not giving her a chance to breathe.
Si Miaoling also understood that this was the most critical moment. Her figure flashed again.
However, Luo Zheng's swordsmanship, combined with the Law of Space, was very difficult to dodge. This sword pierced through Si Miaoling's ribs!
"Die!"
After piercing through Si Miaoling's body, Luo Zheng directly abandoned the Sacred Step Longsword in his hand. Instead, he rushed in front of Si Miaoling and suddenly punched out.
Luo Zheng had never been so cruel to a woman before. However, he understood that this woman in front of him had to be killed!
Seeing Luo Zheng's fist coming, Si Miaoling also knew that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't like an ordinary warrior's. Perhaps it was even more lethal than his sword.
At this critical moment, she waved her hand, and a purple barrier enveloped her.
"Barrier? It's useless! "
Luo Zheng instantly poured the energy of the Blood Jade Crystal in his left hand into the eggshell-like barrier.
"Crack …"
The barrier really cracked into pieces like an eggshell.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng ruthlessly punched Si Miaoling's chest again, directly smashing her from the air to the ground. The power contained in this punch was enough to shatter all the bones in Si Miaoling's body. She lay weakly on the ground as if she didn't have any bones.
Seeing the light on the Blood Talisman on the ground gradually dissipate, Luo Zheng finally relaxed. Luo Zheng didn't know what a True Spirit was, but he was sure that he wasn't a match for a True Spirit. If this woman really summoned her True Spirit, he was afraid that he would die today.

Chapter 500
Luo Zheng slowly descended onto the arena, then he started walking towards Si Miaoling.
The punch just now was powerful enough to shatter all of Si Miaoling's bones, but it wasn't enough to kill her.
For an ordinary mortal, suffering such a serious injury was something that even the gods couldn't save. But for a Divine Core warrior, as long as he was treated in time, and with the help of some miraculous pills, such a serious injury was nothing.
But, Luo Zheng wanted to kill this woman!
"Luo Zheng won, he really won! Luckily I bet on him!"
"It looks like he wants to kill Si Miaoling! Does he have the guts to kill her? "
"I don't think so, Cui Xie is watching from the side!"
Seeing Luo Zheng walking towards Si Miaoling, all the warriors were whispering to each other. If Luo Zheng really had the guts to kill Si Miaoling, this matter would definitely become a big deal.
Ning Yudie was holding onto the crystal tightly with her tiny hand. She had injected her energy into it, and the Cilie Beast's Dharma Eye was moving around. She knew that Si Miaoling was someone Luo Zheng wanted to kill, and that was why she was so nervous right now.
"Luo Zheng, leave the arena, and I'll spare your life. If you take another step forward, you'll die!" Cui Xie's calm voice sounded out from the arena. His tall and sturdy figure walked to the edge of the arena, and yellow colored energy could be seen flickering around his fist.
The World Business Alliance's arena was built with solid Basalt, but with just a light step from Cui Xie, a crack immediately appeared under his feet. After that, the crack went through the entire arena, then it started spreading in all directions.
With just a light step, he had shattered the entire arena. The entire arena was dead silent, and only the crackling sound of the Basalt could be heard.
The Sect Leaders of the major sects were also silent. Even the usually naive and talkative Little Jie probably felt the tension in the situation and didn't say a word.
Luo Zheng stopped and looked at Cui Xie. Perhaps … Si Miaoling was also a very important woman to Cui Xie. But sorry, for Luo Yan, she must die.
Soon after, Luo Zheng once again passed through space. The long sword in his hand flashed with a cold light, and this time, Luo Zheng directly pointed it at Si Miaoling's neck!
"You're courting death!"
Cui Xie threw a punch at the arena.
As the most powerful person in the Central Domain, Cui Xie had not fought in front of others for many years. One could imagine the power of this punch!
As he punched through the air, it was as if he wanted to suck all the vital energy in the world dry. The golden fist flew towards Luo Zheng at an unimaginable speed.
Cui Xie was confident that he could kill Luo Zheng before Luo Zheng could kill Si Miaoling!
Once Cui Xie made his move, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air.
The most powerful person in the Central Domain had made his move, and his target was a Divine Reflection Stage junior. He was actually going to attack Luo Zheng!
However, at this moment, Ning Yudie's small hand also lightly clenched, and the crystal in her hand instantly shattered. The Ci Lie Beast's Law Eye that had been freed from the crystal suddenly shot out a dark golden light.
This light seemed to be able to destroy everything. It shot towards Cui Xie's fist at an extremely fast speed and dissipated it into nothingness!
"It's, it's, it's disintegrated … East Evil Monarch's punch, don't disintegrate!"
"It's the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall! Isn't the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall young and not very powerful? "
"She used a treasure. If I'm not wrong, it's one of the Cloud Hall's trump cards, the Ci Lie Beast's Law Eye of Annihilation … Legend has it that it's a supreme treasure that can instantly kill all False Tribulation Realm experts!"
Many cultivators were almost suffocated by this sudden turn of events. They could no longer think about what would happen next and could only watch passively.
Cui Xie snorted coldly. However, he didn't stop at all and punched out again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's sword was already pressed against Si Miaoling's neck, and Cui Xie's fist fiercely blasted towards Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie's expression changed. She was about to rush into the arena when she suddenly saw that Luo Zheng's sword didn't stab down. He actually raised his head and smiled at Cui Xie.
Just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng was going to die, Luo Zheng actually let out such a strange smile. It was very strange.
"Boom!"
When this punch exploded, it suddenly erupted with an intense and violent might. The ones who suffered the most were the cultivators outside the arena.
The might of Cui Xie's fist was enough to cause rivers to stop flowing and mountains to collapse. The turbulent airflow set off a hurricane, blowing the cultivators in the stands to the side and causing them to fall to the ground!
Hua Tianming and the others were sitting in the last row of the stands. Their situation was slightly better, but they also left the stands and retreated further away. Their eyes were filled with shock, followed by endless worry!
After the might of Cui Xie's fist slowly dissipated, everyone once again looked towards the arena. Luo Zheng was actually standing there unscathed!
"Wha … What's the meaning of this? Luo Zheng blocked Cui Xie's fist? "
"Impossible, this is impossible even in a dream. How could he block Cui Xie's fist?"
"Cui Xie is a Life and Death Realm expert! He has already passed the third Heavenly Tribulation and is comparable to an Immortal. Luo Zheng is just an ant. This doesn't make sense! "
When everyone thought that Luo Zheng had turned into ashes, Luo Zheng was actually standing in the arena, completely unscathed. He didn't even move a single step. This was really too incredible.
Ning Yudie, Madam Poison Blood, Hei Ya, Taoist Priest Qing Xu, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Elder Xiao, who had already hidden to the side, all stared with their eyes wide open!
The cultivators in the stands probably didn't see what had just happened, so they were wondering why Luo Zheng was unscathed after taking Cui Xie's punch.
However, these Void Tribulation warriors clearly saw what had happened. Cui Xie's fist didn't hit Luo Zheng's body, it was blocked by the barrier in the arena.
"A barrier was able to block a Life and Death Realm expert's punch?" Taoist Priest Qing Xu had a complicated look in his eyes.
All of these mighty warriors were thinking quickly. No matter if it was Ning Yudie, Taoist Priest Qing Xu, or Shi Kefan, all of them immediately thought of the runes drawn by Luo Zheng. When he repaired the runes, Luo Zheng must have done something to them!
The barriers condensed by the Runic Matrices in the arena already had astonishing defensive power.
When this barrier was first designed, its purpose was to defend against the strength of a Divine Core warrior. Although most of the participants in the Martial Dao Competition were only at the Early Divine Core realm, and this year's participants were all at the Mid Divine Core realm. However, the defensive strength of this barrier was specifically designed based on the strength of a Late Divine Core warrior!
Even though Luo Zheng had redrawn some of the runes, and used perfect strokes to unleash the maximum power of the runes, the barrier could only block a single attack from an Early Void Tribulation warrior!
But now, Cui Xie, who had stepped into the Life and Death realm and had transcended three Heavenly Tribulations, couldn't break the barrier. This was unbelievable!
Perhaps even the Sect Protecting Formation left behind by the Void Spirit Sect's Son of Runes, Feng Guanyu, couldn't compare to this.
There were several tens of thousands of runes on the Sect Protecting Formation, and only the combined strength of several tens of thousands of runes could unleash this level of defensive strength. How many runes were there in this tiny barrier? It was only a few hundred runes! Besides, Luo Zheng had only redrawn a hundred Dao Obtaining Runes.
In the minds of all the Sect Chiefs, Luo Zheng had instantly become a priceless treasure!
A Sect Protecting Formation was extremely important to a sect. If a powerful enemy attacked, the Sect Protecting Formation would be able to hold on for a period of time, and wouldn't allow the entire sect to be destroyed by the enemy.
The Fourth Grade Sect, Blackmountain Sect, had once encountered something similar. At that time, the Blackmountain Sect had become enemies with an Early Void Tribulation warrior. That warrior wasn't a match for the Blackmountain Sect's Sect Chief, but he was extremely fast!
Whenever the Blackmountain Sect's Sect Chief went into secluded cultivation, or occasionally left the sect, that warrior would wreak havoc in the Blackmountain Sect. By the time the Sect Master of the Black Mountain Sect rushed back, the False Tribulation Realm martial artist had already fled.
It was just an Early Void Tribulation warrior that had caused a Fourth Grade Sect to suffer, and the Blackmountain Sect had no choice but to settle the matter peacefully …
If they had a Sect Protecting Formation, it would be extremely useful in this situation. At the very least, the Sect Protecting Formation would be able to hold on for a long time.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had only used a little more than a hundred runes. If he were to draw thousands or tens of thousands of runes, let alone defense, wouldn't he be able to kill a Life and Death expert just by activating the attack of this great formation?
With this thought in mind, it was easy to imagine how tempted these sect masters were. Even Madam Poison Blood, who hated Luo Zheng to the core, stared at Luo Zheng with her seductive eyes. She appeared to be very thirsty.