Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.13

Chapter 1201
Even so, Luo Zheng didn't dare to underestimate these four Dragon Taming Arhats.
The power of the flashing dragon scales had reached a terrifying level. If an ordinary warrior of the Divine Sea Realm was hit by this palm, they would be torn apart!
Leaning against the courtyard wall, Luo Zheng's competitive spirit rose in his heart!
Both of them had the power of dragon scales. He wanted to see who was stronger!
The real dragon on the shoulder of the Dragon Taming Arhat was probably something of great origin. Unfortunately, he was in the Illusory Battlefield. Although he could use the power of dragon scales, Qinglong's soul couldn't be projected here, so he couldn't communicate with Qinglong. Similarly, Luo Zheng could use the Sword Spirit, but he couldn't communicate with Xun. Even if he summoned the Sword Spirit, it didn't contain Xun's soul.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. The nearest Dragon Taming Arhat had already rushed towards him. The Dragon Taming Arhat suddenly clapped its hands. The real dragon on its shoulder began to flicker with a green light. The power of dragon scales poured into the Buddha statue!
Luo Zheng crossed his hands. The power of dragon scales also poured into his body. He didn't retreat at all. Instead, he clapped his hands.
"Roar!"
In contrast, the Dragon Taming Arhat clapped its hands. Accompanied by a dragon roar, the real dragon statue on its shoulder also raised its head and roared. The power of the Dragon Taming Arhat was stronger.
In the blink of an eye, the four palms collided!
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a loud noise, Luo Zheng's body was pushed back again!
Luo Zheng felt his blood and Qi tumbling in the process of being pushed back. It was very uncomfortable. The power of the Dragon Taming Arhat couldn't be underestimated!
However, even though Luo Zheng was pushed back, so was the Dragon Taming Arhat.
If it were the previous Arhat Buddha statue, it would have been smashed into powder by Luo Zheng's palms.
However, this Dragon Taming Arhat was many times stronger than the previous statues. Luo Zheng could understand this. After all, this Dragon Taming Arhat's body had to bear the power of the dragon scales of the True Dragon Statue. If this body was not built to be extremely strong, it would have collapsed before he could use this power.
Just like Luo Zheng's previous physical body, there was a limit to the amount of dragon scale power he could bear. If he forcibly drew the dragon scale power into his body, his physical body would disintegrate first.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Two loud sounds reverberated in the inner courtyard.
It was the sound of Luo Zheng and Arhat Taming Dragon crashing into the wall of the inner courtyard.
The Dragon Taming Arhat crashed into the wall of the inner courtyard. Under the tremendous impact, thick cracks appeared on the surface of its body, as if it was unable to withstand the impact and was about to collapse!
However, a golden Buddha's light was emitted from the cracks. Then, the cracks were repaired at a visible speed. In an instant, the cracks closed up, and the golden Buddha's light naturally disappeared …
This time, Luo Zheng was also confused by the impact. He felt a slight sweetness in his throat, and he couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood.
"It can still heal?"
Seeing the Dragon Taming Arhat's reaction, Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, but he didn't have the chance to think too much. This was because the other three Dragon Taming Arhats once again slapped at Luo Zheng. Each of them had a True Dragon coiled on their bodies. At this moment, the dragon scales on the True Dragons' bodies were shining …
If he was really hit by the three palms of these three Dragon Taming Arhats, even if he didn't die, he would be seriously injured!
After the impact, Luo Zheng actually retreated to a corner of the inner courtyard. Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, and his figure once again penetrated through space. In an instant, he passed by the three Dragon Taming Arhats and flashed to another corner!
"This is a bit troublesome." Luo Zheng frowned.
However, it wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't have a way to deal with it. If he couldn't break through the situation with pure strength, he could naturally use other methods!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slightly raised his head …
At this moment, in the starry sky of this universe, a total of 300 stars began to shine!
These 300 stars were distributed in different areas. There were stars in the Middle Sky Region, Western Sky Region, Southern Sky Region, Northern Sky Region, and Eastern Sky Region!
Under Luo Zheng's command, they began to emit intense starlight. These starlight were headed straight for the large world where the Illusory Battlefield was located. These 300 stars were one of the results of Luo Zheng's diligent cultivation in the past few years.
In fact, Luo Zheng was confident that he could deal with these four Dragon Taming Arhats by using the Yi Shen Sword.
However, Luo Zheng used the 《Stellar Battle Body》 at this moment to verify his guess …
When the starlight began to condense around Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng already had an answer in his heart.
"Sure enough, this Illusory Battlefield isn't a real illusory space. It's a super large world that originally existed in this universe … Otherwise, I'm afraid it would be very difficult for me to communicate with the power of the stars here!"
The many stars in the universe were able to shine here. Luo Zheng could be considered to have confirmed this.
The power of the Stellar Battle Body was enough to become one of Luo Zheng's trump cards. Therefore, in the past six years, Luo Zheng had never given up on communicating with the stars. He even spent a lot of time cultivating the 《Stellar Battle Body》! If he couldn't use it in the Illusory Battlefield, it would be a great loss for Luo Zheng.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng found that his worries were unnecessary. At least for now, he could successfully condense starlight!
When Luo Zheng's body was coated with a layer of magnificent and colorful starlight, he stepped forward and went straight for the Dragon Taming Arhats again.
The Dragon Taming Arhats that were smashed by Luo Zheng just now had been repaired. At this moment, the four Dragon Taming Arhats stood in a row and put their palms together neatly!
"Roar, roar, roar, roar …"
Accompanied by the roars of four dragons!
The four True Dragons that were entrenched on the four Dragon Taming Arhats roared at the same time!
Green light blossomed, and the light was so bright that it was hard to see!
How terrifying was the power contained in the eight palms?
However, Luo Zheng didn't want to retreat or dodge …
Maybe Luo Zheng had other ways to deal with it, but Luo Zheng also understood that the Illusory Battlefield had just opened and he would be facing all the geniuses in the universe. He didn't underestimate the other geniuses in the Divine Ocean Realm! In the past few years, even Ai Anxin of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace might have made great progress. Luo Zheng might not be able to defeat her. Not to mention, there were also the geniuses of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm, the Gods Without Thought, the Demon Night Clan, the Demon Race, and thousands of other strange races in the universe.
Therefore, Luo Zheng needed to review himself, to review the fruits of his hard work over the past few years.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
Streaks of starlight began to flash in Luo Zheng's hands.
The shapes of these streaks of starlight were like cotton wool floating in his hands. They looked weightless, but the power contained in them couldn't be underestimated.
The three hundred streaks of starlight blended together. Red, orange, yellow, green, white, purple, blue, and red. The colorful streaks of starlight blended with each other and began to become extremely unstable!
After this cluster of colorful starlight was formed, Luo Zheng immediately slapped it out. If he hesitated for even a second, Luo Zheng would be sucked into it and be devoured by the power of the starlight!
"Glory of the Stars!"
"Buzz —"
A sharp sound burst out from this cluster of colorful starlight!
At this moment, the cluster of starlight just arrived in front of the four Dragon Taming Arhats …
"Explode!"
This cluster of starlight blended with the power of the three hundred stars. When it exploded, it repelled, blended, and reacted with each other. The burst of light was already extremely bright!
The entire Inner Yard was completely covered by the light of the Glory of the Stars. The situation inside couldn't be seen clearly!
However, the 30,000-foot-tall golden Buddha in the depths of the ancient temple opened its eyes and stared at the Inner Yard. Its expression was neither happy nor sad.
In the eyes of the golden Buddha, it saw the four Dragon Taming Arhats shattering continuously. The four True Dragon Stone Carvings on the Arhats' shoulders also began to shatter. Although rays of golden light emerged from their bodies in an attempt to repair themselves, as soon as the golden light appeared, the starlight took advantage of the gaps and annihilated it …
"The Dragon Taming Arhats can't be destroyed. Help me test this little guy. I want to see how far he has gone with the Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"

Chapter 1202
The golden light of these four Dragon Subduing Arhats had been annihilated by the starlight.
However, under the intervention of the Golden Buddha, the golden light within the Dragon Subduing Arhats flourished, and the fragmented stone statues quickly fused together and recovered to their original state!
The starlight diffusing in the Inner Court gradually dimmed.
Luo Zheng's figure gradually appeared. When he looked at the four intact Dragon Subduing Arhats, his eyes revealed a trace of surprise, and his face became grave and stern.
The four Dragon Subduing Arhats' Buddha statues were actually this powerful?
This was the first time Luo Zheng had used the Glory of the Stars, but it was the move with the strongest explosive power in the 《Stellar Battle Body》. Luo Zheng did not doubt its powerful destructive power in the slightest.
Such power was unable to tear these four Dragon Subduing Arhats to shreds. This was clearly beyond Luo Zheng's expectations, and even made him feel puzzled.
These eighteen Arhats came from the Inner Court one by one. The strength of each Arhat in the Inner Court was slightly stronger, but the gap in strength between each Arhat was not large.
This Dragon Subduing Arhat was the last Inner Court Arhat, so it was normal for him to be slightly stronger!
However, Luo Zheng's method was actually unable to kill these four Arhats. This was somewhat troublesome.
He naturally could not see that the reason these Dragon Subduing Arhats recovered to their original state was because someone had intervened from behind …
The four Dragon Subduing Arhats did not stop at all. As the dragon scales on their shoulders flickered, they once again surrounded Luo Zheng from several directions.
If it were any other martial artist, facing this situation, they would most likely be on the verge of despair.
However, for Luo Zheng, the trouble in front of him was just trouble, nothing more.
Facing the four Dragon Subduing Arhats, Luo Zheng's face was unperturbed. He once again raised the Thundergale Ghost Sword high up, the long and narrow blade hanging on one side. A faint sword intent lingered around the blade like a viper's temperament, constantly swallowing and spitting!
Luo Zheng's gaze became incomparably cold, as if he had become an expressionless stone statue at this moment.
Just as Luo Zheng raised the Lightning Wind Ghost Sword, the eyes of the giant Buddha in the depths of the ancient temple faintly flickered …
"Sure enough, this kid has cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Way … Even though it hasn't reached perfection, but to comprehend such a cold sword will with his Divine Sea Realm cultivation base is already the limit. If he completes the last trace of emotion severing and comprehends the ultimate sword will, then this sword will definitely reach perfection!"
After saying that, the giant golden Buddha raised the lotus in his hand, and the lotus spun in front of him.
There was a fork on the stem of the lotus, and at the tip of the fork was a lotus seed pod that grew side by side with the lotus.
The Giant Golden Buddha reached out with his huge Buddha hand and plucked out a golden lotus seed from the lotus seed.
"As I've heard, all things originate from the origin. The heart of the past cannot be obtained, the heart of the present cannot be obtained, and the heart of the future cannot be obtained …"
When the Giant Golden Buddha chanted, the golden lotus seed seemed to melt, turning into a drop of pure golden liquid that kept rolling in front of the Giant Golden Buddha.
As the drop of golden liquid kept rolling, it began to transform into countless shapes: four limbs, a body, a head …
In the end, the golden lotus seed turned into a little person, and this little person's body shape was very similar to Luo Zheng's.
The Giant Golden Buddha used the Scripture of the Void to calculate Luo Zheng's fate!
Such a method of calculation was also a great divine ability. In comparison, the calculations of the many Empyreans under the Heavenly Dao were child's play!
However, when the giant golden Buddha was halfway through its calculations, a strange look appeared in its huge eyes. Moreover, there was also a trace of resentment in that strange look …
After a long time, the Giant Golden Buddha opened his mouth and said, "It's actually a Fateless. How could a Fateless appear …"
This calculation was halfway through and could no longer continue.
The golden lotus seed turned into Luo Zheng's appearance, but that face should have been vivid and lifelike, looking exactly like Luo Zheng. However, at this moment, the little golden person's face seemed to be covered by a layer of mist, unable to condense into a shape!
"Forget it, this seat wants to see how long you can last."
While the Giant Golden Buddha was calculating, Luo Zheng had already made his move …
The God Yi Sword was unleashed, and the sword light was unstoppable!
The four Dragon Subduing Arhats relied on the true dragon stone carvings on their shoulders to erupt with power, but they could not block the attack of the sword light!
This emotionless sword suddenly slashed out, and a thin line appeared on the waists of the four Dragon Subduing Arhats that were originally rushing toward Luo Zheng!
"Puff puff puff puff!"
Immediately after, four muffled sounds could be heard.
These four Dragon Subduing Arhats were cut in two by Luo Zheng, their heads and tails separated, and fell to the ground.
However, the wounds that were cut open by Luo Zheng immediately burst out with golden light. Under the golden light, a strange power was produced between their bodies, and they were once again glued together.
This magical ability was almost comparable to the Indestructible Body. No matter how Luo Zheng killed them, these four Dragon Subduing Arhats could always be restored!
Facing this strange scene, Luo Zheng's eyes were cold, but his state of mind was not the slightest bit moved.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was as cold as ice, without any thoughts, only an extremely calm killing intent. He only wanted to kill these four Dragon Subduing Arhats.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
Several muffled sounds could be heard again!
Before these four Dragon Subduing Arhats could get up, Luo Zheng's long sword slashed out once again.
The sword light contained a cold and cruel sword intent, spreading into the shape of a fan, and once again slashed on the body of the Dragon Subduing Arhat …
"Again!"
Without waiting for these Dragon Subduing Arhats to be restored, Luo Zheng's sword had already slashed out!
"One sword …"
"Two sword …"
"Three sword …"
Luo Zheng's sword slashed out again and again, and the fan-shaped sword light spread out again and again.
At first, he cut these Dragon Subduing Arhats into two pieces, then four pieces, eight pieces … and finally, they were cut into a pile of stones.
If there were outsiders here, they would not be able to tell what this pile of stones was originally. Even the real dragon stone sculpture was also cut into palm-sized stones by Luo Zheng.
However, these irregular cross-sections of stones were still shining with a little golden light, and each stone was constantly trembling, attracting each other to stick together and restore the previous Dragon Subduing Arhats!
But Luo Zheng did not give them a chance!
The sword in his hand did not stop at all, nor did he show any mercy.
After severing his emotions, Luo Zheng's mentality would undergo a drastic change. Either he would take the initiative to leave the state of severing his emotions, and these four Dragon Subduing Arhats would have no possibility of restoring, or else Luo Zheng would not stop.
Under Luo Zheng's sword slashing, the golden light on the cross-sections of the stones became dimmer and dimmer.
This golden light was unusually overbearing, and could restore the wounds of the Dragon Subduing Arhats to their original state!
The golden light was the power of the Buddhist scripture "Solemnity of the Past"!
The Buddhist heart embraced the past, and through the calamity of life and death, it could be restored to its original state …
The golden light restored the Dragon Subduing Arhat's stone statue to its original state before it was cut into pieces!
However, the stone statue was still a stone statue, and the golden light was not endless. Under Luo Zheng's repeated slashes, the golden light gradually dimmed!
"If you still want to restore it, I will cut you into powder!"
Luo Zheng's emotionless voice rang out, and the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword in his hand was still slashing out, cutting the stones even finer!
Seeing the light getting dimmer and dimmer, Luo Zheng also understood that it should be over soon.
He thought so in his heart, but at this moment, the golden light in the cross-sections of the stones soared in an instant, and the golden light was ten times brighter than before!
At the same time, the frequency of the trembling of the fine stones increased, and it was about to crazily stick together!
"Hey!"
Luo Zheng also noticed that something was wrong!
The golden light that had clearly dimmed suddenly released a bright light in an instant?
The sword in his hand did not stop at all, but his eyes looked towards the depths of the ancient temple, and he felt that something was wrong. Just now, it seemed that someone had interfered?
It was also this Golden Buddha who had a trace of thought. His Buddhist heart had reached the Great Realization stage, but when he saw Luo Zheng display such a cold sword move, and it seemed to be done casually, he had a thought in his mind.
This little guy at the Divine Sea Realm, the size of his Divine Sea Realm's Divine Sea was only one to nine. It seemed that he could display such a martial skill without True Essence?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1203
This Golden Buddha could have let Luo Zheng go.
He had indeed relied on his own strength to pass through the eighteen arhats.
However, at this moment, this Golden Buddha had a hint of curiosity in his heart …
After a Divine Sea Realm martial artist opened up a Divine Sea in his Dantian, he would liquefy his True Essence and store it in his inner world.
Although the amount of True Essence stored in this way was countless times more than before, there was still a limit.
In Buddhism, the size of the Divine Sea Realm's Divine Sea was called "one nine".
According to this Golden Buddha's deduction, Luo Zheng could only use the Yi Shen Sword twice at most.
One sword was enough to draw half of the True Essence Sea in his body.
Two swords and the True Essence Sea would dry up …
Even if this Luo Zheng was gifted and his Divine Sea was wider than ordinary people, he could not escape the number of nine. Three swords was the limit.
If Luo Zheng had a fortuitous encounter and opened up a second Divine Sea, he could only use one more sword at most …
In this universe, if there was a Divine Sea Realm martial artist who could use the Yi Shen Sword four times, he would already be a genius of the major forces, a top existence!
However, this Luo Zheng calmly used seventeen swords!
The Golden Buddha couldn't figure it out at all. How did this guy do it?
Unless Luo Zheng had a treasure on him that could instantly replenish the True Essence in his body, or cultivated the Flower Grafting Technique that could continuously extract True Essence from somewhere … But with the Golden Buddha's eyes, how could he not see through it?
Under such doubts, the Golden Buddha wanted to see through the key points in order to replenish the golden light contained in the four Dragon Subduing Arhats …
Several years ago, when Luo Zheng met Second Senior Brother on the Path of True Extinction, Second Senior Brother also had the same doubts.
It was not that Second Senior Brother's eyes were more vicious than this Golden Buddha's. It was just that Second Senior Brother had always been by his master's side, so he knew the conditions for his master to accept a third disciple.
It was not difficult to guess that Luo Zheng's Divine Sea was filled with the Qi of Primal Chaos. That was the Primal Chaos Sea, which could not be mentioned in the same breath as the True Essence Sea.
Although this Golden Buddha knew the existence of the Qi of Primal Chaos, the Qi of Primal Chaos was known as the origin of all living beings. It was also a poison to all living beings.
How could he imagine that someone in this world could comprehend the Secret Primal Chaos Technique?
And how could he imagine that someone in this world could practice Primal Chaos Secret Technique?
Looking at the Dragon Taming Arhat that was rapidly healing, Luo Zheng's face once again revealed a helpless expression.
Luo Zheng was still able to cut the Dragon Subduing Arhat into pieces, but the golden light was always able to restore these things.
If this went on, when would it?
Go Luo Zheng '!
Luo Zheng was not a person who gave up easily. Since he had come this far, giving up so easily was not in line with his personality!
Luo Zheng Luo … Luo Luo … Go of the Buddha go go go of Go of Luo ….
Taking advantage of the fact that they had yet to take form, the sword intent on the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword began to flicker once more!
"Break!"
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
After slashing out ten times in a row, these Dragon Subduing Arhats once again turned into fragments, and the light between the fragments began to dim again.
"Again?"
Luo Zheng looked at the Dragon Subduing Arhat with a complicated expression. His eyes revealed a trace of seriousness. If the golden light were to turn from weak to strong again, he would really have no way to stop it.
After a breath, the golden light on the cross-section of the stone shone brightly again.
This scene made Luo Zheng speechless.
His gaze passed through the door of the Inner Academy. However, there was no focus in his eyes. There seemed to be a deeper meaning behind his gaze!
It was also Luo Zheng's gaze that made the giant golden Buddha's heart tremble slightly.
"This kid is very sharp. He didn't see me, but he knows I'm here … This is the last time. If I can't find out your limit, I'll stop," the giant golden Buddha said calmly.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng didn't cooperate this time!
"Eight Twists Flying Smoke!"
Luo Zheng's body emitted wisps of white mist!
After he chose not to kill the Dragon Subduing Arhat, those extremely fine stones quickly stuck to each other. In a short time, the four Dragon Subduing Arhats were restored to their original state.
However, Luo Zheng used the Eight Twists Flying Smoke to easily wander among these Dragon Subduing Arhats. No matter how fierce their strength was, they couldn't get within three inches of Luo Zheng. No matter how the four Dragon Subduing Arhats cooperated perfectly, Luo Zheng was like a slippery fish, easily swimming among them.
The Dragon Subduing Arhats' attacks were fierce and their punches were heavy. However, when these punches came out, accompanied by the sound of dragon roars, the power of dragon scales all fell on empty space!
Luo Zheng became more and more relaxed. He stretched his body easily, as if he was floating in the water. He was pushed around by these Dragon Subduing Arhats, but his body didn't come into contact with any of them, nor did he receive any attacks.
His gaze fell on the door of the Inner Academy from time to time, and his face occasionally revealed a sarcastic expression.
"This kid is acting shamelessly with me …"
Luo Zheng's actions, in turn, made the Giant Golden Buddha helpless.
In the end, the Giant Golden Buddha shook his head. He reached out his hand and gently pinched, extinguishing the incense power of the four Dragon Subduing Arhats. At this moment, the four Dragon Subduing Arhats maintained their original posture and stood motionless.
"Creak!"
In the end, the door of the eighteenth Inner Academy was opened for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a natural expression. He lifted his leg, walked around the motionless Dragon Subduing Arhat, and walked towards the door of the Inner Academy!
When Luo Zheng used the Eight Twists Flying Smoke, he had already made a decision in his heart. He was going to waste time with the person behind the scenes.
He didn't expect the effect to be so good. The other party probably didn't want to make things difficult for him and opened the door.
After the eighteenth Inner Academy, it was still the Inner Academy.
However, there were no more Arhat statues in the Inner Academy. In the middle of the Inner Academy, there was an offering table.
On the offering table, there was a token made of white jade.
"This is the reward of this cave?"
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over and found the word "Teleport" written on the jade!
"Teleport token?"
The greater teleportation technique in the universe could only be comprehended by sector lords.
When one's cultivation reached that level and had the experience of controlling a realm, one could comprehend the Greater Teleportation Technique!
This Greater Teleportation consumed a lot of True Yuan. Even Sector Lords would have to stop after four or five teleportations to replenish their True Yuan.
In the 100,000 Great Worlds, Greater Teleportation was probably the only choice besides relying on some extremely fast Godly Beasts. When Luo Zheng was trapped in the Immortal Abode, those Empyrean Lords used Greater Teleportation Technique to rush over.
"With this Teleportation Token, I can use Greater Teleportation and move my position in a large area?"
Luo Zheng originally had high hopes for this cave. After all, in order to enter this cave, he had spent 300,000 Fantasy points. Moreover, he had wasted a lot of time in this cave!
When he saw this Teleportation Token, he felt that this token was worth the 300,000 Fantasy points he had spent.
Now, the trouble Luo Zheng was facing was that those warriors refused to leave the city. Or rather, after these warriors discovered Luo Zheng, they would hide in the main city. Luo Zheng had no way to deal with them!
The Illusory Battlefield Luo Zheng was in was also divided into 50 Great Worlds.
Without relying on the passage, wanting to cross a Great World was a very time-consuming matter for Luo Zheng!
Relying on this Teleportation Token ….. it was enough to allow Luo Zheng to travel back and forth between Great Worlds!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly burned with passion!
He extended his hand and grabbed the token. Then, he looked into the depths of the ancient temple once more with a profound gaze.
Within the inner courtyard, there seemed to be some almighty expert. However, no matter who it was, it didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng.
After placing the Teleportation Token into Sumeru Space, Luo Zheng turned and left!
This time, stepping out of the inner courtyard, he didn't need to go through the 18 layers of inner courtyards. Opening the door led to the outer courtyard!
The moment Luo Zheng left the outer courtyard, the six-winged light bug that had disappeared for a long time appeared by Luo Zheng's side. The Maitreya Buddha also quietly changed from a fierce face to a smiling face.
As he walked out of the cave, the light vortexes appeared every 30 meters. Luo Zheng didn't leave and left the cave with ease.

Chapter 1204
Outside the cave, there were seven or eight Demon Race martial artists fighting with the three Heavenly Rats!
Before Luo Zheng entered the cave, he had killed the three Heavenly Rats, but not long after, another three appeared …
If Luo Zheng could discover this cave, then the other martial artists could as well!
The first martial artist had probably discovered the cave but was unable to defeat the Heavenly Rats here, so he returned to the main city to call for his companions!
Currently, there were still seven or eight martial artists alive, but when they saw the Fantasy Points all over the ground condensing into balls and floating in the air, the corpses of the dead martial artists were gradually disappearing …
Luo Zheng casually counted the balls of light condensed from the Fantasy Points. There were about ten balls. Presumably, ten martial artists had already been killed by the Heavenly Rats and were sent back to the main city to be resurrected.
When a martial artist killed another martial artist, they could absorb the other's Fantasy Points for their own use!
However, these Heavenly Rats could not absorb Fantasy Points, but after a martial artist died, half of their Fantasy Points would dissipate. Therefore, the Fantasy Points in front of them had already become ownerless objects!
To Luo Zheng, these were simply free Fantasy Points, so how could he let them go?
His figure flashed and he floated towards the first ball of Fantasy Points. His body lightly touched it, and the yellow Fantasy Points entered his body and were easily absorbed by him.
"Audacious!"
"Courting death!"
"Daring to absorb the Fantasy Points of our Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons, we will chase you to the ends of the earth!"
The seven or eight Demon Race martial artists were still trying their best to deal with the three Heavenly Rats, but when they saw Luo Zheng's actions, they immediately flew into a rage, and their roars resounded through the wilderness!
These three Heavenly Rats continued to move at an incomparably fast speed. From time to time, they would use their sharp incisors to viciously bite down on the bodies of these Demon martial artists. With these bites, even divine artifact level armor could be pierced through. Even though these Demon martial artists had thick skin and thick flesh, at this moment, their bodies were still riddled with wounds so deep that their bones could be seen!
The Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons knew that there was a great treasure buried in this cave, but the strength of the three Heavenly Rats was too strong, so they could only join forces.
In the fierce battle, more than ten lives were sacrificed!
Fortunately, these Heavenly Rats could not absorb the Fantasy Points. The dead martial artists were forcibly sent back to the main city. After they were resurrected, they could come back again and absorb the Fantasy Points that belonged to them.
The Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons were very close, so they could be trusted. Therefore, none of them coveted the Fantasy Points on the ground!
Who knew that a cultivator would emerge from the cave while they were in the midst of a fierce battle and take the opportunity to absorb their dead brother's Fantasy Points? How could they tolerate this?
"Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons?"
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly when he heard their angry shouts. However, Luo Zheng did not take their warning seriously at all. He continued to charge towards the balls of dreamy light, rapidly absorbing the scattered balls of light on the ground.
Three thousand points …
Eight thousand …
Four thousand Fantasy
Although there weren't many scattered light spots on the ground, each one was worth a few thousand fantasy points.
As Luo Zheng absorbed the Fantasy Points, the number of Fantasy Points in his body rapidly increased!
After absorbing these ten Fantasy Points, he already had fifty thousand Fantasy Points. In addition to the ten thousand Fantasy Points from before, Luo Zheng's Fantasy Points instantly recovered to sixty thousand.
"Ah!"
Following a miserable scream, another Demon Race martial artist died on the spot! The Demon Race martial artist's head had been pierced through by the Heavenly Rat!
The red Fantasy Points wrapped around the Demon Race martial artist's soul and flew towards the main city. Another Fantasy Point burst out and floated above the corpse.
The remaining six Demon Race martial artists were slightly stunned when they saw this. They reflexively looked at Luo Zheng. This Luo Zheng wouldn't want to swallow the Fantasy Points, right?! This was too much!
Just as this thought appeared in their minds, Luo Zheng's figure disappeared. In the blink of an eye, he appeared beside the corpse of the Demon Race martial artist and swallowed the Fantasy Points...
. The six Demon Race martial artists were filled with anger when they saw this scene. Their eyes bulged, and they wished they could eat Luo Zheng alive!
"Kill this guy first!"
"Kill him, then deal with the Heavenly Rat …"
"Too hateful!"
The six Demon Race martial artists ignored the three Heavenly Rats and said they wanted to kill Luo Zheng first!
Coincidentally, two of the three Heavenly Rats also pounced on Luo Zheng at the same time.
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent when he saw this scene. In his heart, there was no such thing as hateful or excessive in the Fantasy Battlefield.
Everyone was fighting for their ranking. This was a great elimination. The weak would be eliminated from the Fantasy Battlefield, and the strong would stand in the center of the stage! This was the meaning of the Fantasy Battlefield's existence.
Facing the siege of the Demon Race martial artists and the Heavenly Rat, a white mist appeared around Luo Zheng's body!
"Eight Twists Flying Smoke!"
It was still Eight Twists Flying Smoke!
When this movement technique was used, no matter how ferocious the opponent's attacks were, they were unable to touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
"This guy's movement technique is so strange!" a Demon Race martial artist roared.
"Let's surround him..."
"You go behind this guy..."
However, an even stranger scene appeared before the eyes of the Demon Race martial artists.
The Heavenly Rat's speed was originally extremely fast. Luo Zheng's own speed might be far inferior, but the instant the Heavenly Rat pounced on Luo Zheng, the Eight Twists Flying Smoke turned Luo Zheng into a wisp of smoke. With the slightest fluctuation, Luo Zheng would be pushed out! The distance between Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Rat was always three inches!
Therefore, in the eyes of the Demon Race martial artists, Luo Zheng's speed suddenly increased. His speed was almost the same as the Heavenly Rat's!
Because this speed was too fast, they were almost unable to catch sight of Luo Zheng's figure. How could they surround Luo Zheng?
While using Eight Twists Flying Smoke, Luo Zheng did not forget to strike the Primal Chaos Qi into the ground, forming a mysterious white halo!
Luo Zheng had already used the Lightning Calamity Annihilation twice to deal with the Heavenly Rat. This time, he did the same. After all, the three Heavenly Rats also had three thousand fantasy points. The only difference was that this time, Luo Zheng 'encircled' the Demon Race martial artists in front of him.
Not long after, a terrifying aura suddenly came from the sky, accompanied by a burst of wild heavenly lightning. Everything in the white halo was baptized by the heavenly tribulation...
Accompanied by a roar of unwillingness, the six Demon Race martial artists turned into six red dots of light and went straight to the main city. The three Heavenly Rats in front of him also exploded at the same time, turning into countless tiny fantasy light dots.
These fantasy light dots floated in the air for a while, then flew towards Luo Zheng's body!
The six Demon Race martial artists were able to last until the end. They were stronger than the Demon Race martial artists who had been killed before. Naturally, they had more fantasy points. On average, each of them had ten thousand fantasy light dots.
Adding the fantasy points from the three Heavenly Rats, Luo Zheng's fantasy points had recovered to one hundred and thirty thousand!
"My luck is not bad," Luo Zheng smiled slightly. His body gently floated up, and he looked into the distance.
There were countless main cities in this large world, and the Illusory Battlefield was divided into fifty large worlds. Now that he had the Teleportation Token, there was no need for him to return to the main city. Now was the time for Luo Zheng to crazily plunder fantasy points!
However, whether the Teleportation Token was as effective as he had deduced still needed to be verified.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out the Teleportation Token made of white jade. Then, he extracted a trace of Primal Chaos Qi from the Primal Chaos Sea and poured it into the Teleportation Token!
The moment the Teleportation Token was activated, it released a faint white light. Then, the white light extinguished.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"This Teleportation Token … is useless?"
Just as he was thinking this, the Teleportation Token in his hand began to vibrate violently in the next breath!
An intense power of the Law of Space was transmitted from the Teleportation Token. The blazing white light instantly wrapped around Luo Zheng, as if a small sun had risen in the wilderness!
After a long time …

Chapter 1205
After activating the teleportation token, Luo Zheng escaped into a mysterious space.
Below Luo Zheng's feet, there were countless red dots. At this moment, Luo Zheng was somewhat stunned.
According to Luo Zheng's conjecture, this teleportation token might be used to help him use the Greater Teleportation Technique, allowing him to instantly cross thousands of miles of space and move freely in this great world.
He never expected that after activating the teleportation token, it would allow him to escape into a mysterious space. This space was completely beyond the scope of common sense!
"The red dots below should represent all the main cities in this great world … My position is here!"
The red dots below the space were distributed according to a certain distance. Among them, there was a cyan dot marked in a corner. Not far from this cyan dot, there was a main city.
That main city should be the one that Luo Zheng arrived in after entering the dreamland. He didn't expect that he would be assigned to the edge of this great world.
Just like what was marked on the map, the main city wasn't very far from him …
Apart from this main city, the other main cities were still quite a distance away from him.
Luo Zheng reckoned that if he relied on his own flying speed, it would take him a long time to reach another main city.
"This teleportation token can't only be used as a map, right?"
If it was only marked as a main city, it wouldn't be able to teleport Luo Zheng away. It was equivalent to a map. Spending so much effort to obtain a map was not worth the investment!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng carefully groped about!
After floating in this space for a while, Luo Zheng went straight to one of the red dots.
Just as Luo Zheng arrived above that red dot, the small red dot below him started to rotate. A white light appeared in the center of the small red dot, and the white light rotated faster and faster. At the same time, it released an intense power of the Law of Space!
"This is a teleportation channel! Moreover … this teleportation channel seems to be directly connected to the main city represented by this red dot! "
"Interesting …"
"In this way, wouldn't I be able to choose which main city to teleport to?"
Luo Zheng's heart thumped. If that was the case, then he could easily plunder all the main cities in this world!
This space was not big, only about a few dozen miles in length and width. Luo Zheng circled around this space. Every time he passed by a red dot, that red dot would spread out a transmission channel, waiting for Luo Zheng to arrive. If Luo Zheng left completely, the transmission channel would disappear again …
A large world had tens of thousands of main cities. Luo Zheng had too many choices.
"Huh? What are these light spots?"
While Luo Zheng was looking at the huge "map" below, he found that there were three light spots in the center of the map. These three light spots were not far from each other.
However, the colors of these three light spots were completely different. They were all greenish-gray!
When Luo Zheng flew above the three light spots, the light spots didn't condense into a transmission channel. There was no reaction at all.
"These three spots of light are also three main cities? It's just that I can't enter now? "Luo Zheng judged.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng didn't stay above the light spots for long. Instead, he chose a red light spot in the center of the "map".
In this large world, the closer the main cities were to each other, the farther they were from each other. The closer the main cities were to each other in the center of the large world, the more intense the collisions between the warriors there! This was also the reason why Luo Zheng chose this red light spot.
After choosing his target, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and drilled into the red light spot.
The moment Luo Zheng drilled into the red light spot, a transmission channel spread out from the red light spot and firmly wrapped around Luo Zheng!
"Buzz …"
The moment he passed through the transmission channel, Luo Zheng's eardrums suddenly roared. At the same time, a feeling of extreme discomfort came over him.
After all, this type of "transmission channel" was different from ordinary transmission channels. Ordinary transmission channels only connected two places and could compress the distance between two places by a hundred times. However, the area of a large world was too large. Even if the distance was compressed by a hundred times, the transmission channel still wasn't a short distance.
However, this transmission command directly transported Luo Zheng. No matter how far the destination was, it could be reached in an instant. This type of ability could only be used by Sector Lords. Currently, Luo Zheng was using the transmission command to reach the Illusory Battlefield. Under the pressure of the space law, it was normal for Luo Zheng to not be able to adapt.
As the sound of his eardrums vibrating became more and more intense, Luo Zheng suddenly fell downwards!
In the center of the main city, dozens of cultivators were sitting cross-legged on the spot, meditating.
Every warrior participating in the Illusory Battlefield was fully prepared. Their clans had prepared large amounts of top grade Zhen Yuanyu and Zhen Yuanyu. In any case, the Illusory Battlefield was only a projection. Even if the Zhen Yuanyu was consumed, the Zhen Yuanyu outside wouldn't disappear.
In a battle, Zhen Yuanyu was a necessity. However, they didn't dare to consume too much Zhen Yuanyu. After all, the battles in the Illusory Battlefield weren't just one or two. The Zhen Yuanyu in their hands were only used at critical moments. They took advantage of the time when they returned to the main city to rest and meditate to absorb the Zhen Yuanyu.
"Buzz …"
Following a sharp sound, a white ball of light appeared in the sky above the main city. Within this ball of light, there was a heavy object falling downwards!
The person falling down was naturally Luo Zheng!
This was the first time he had used this Teleportation Token. He didn't know where this Teleportation Token would take him. When he fell to a certain distance, he tried to stop himself from falling. As a result, an invisible force bound him and dragged him downwards!
After the white light dissipated, Luo Zheng discovered that he had fallen into the center of the main city. At this moment, Luo Zheng also understood why he couldn't fly. This main city had a Forbidden Space Restriction. With his strength, he naturally couldn't get rid of it.
"Plop!"
The momentum of his fall was very fierce. After he heavily hit the ground, a loud sound rang out.
After he got up from the ground, he saw that many warriors around him were staring at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. At the same time, there was a burst of whispers.
"This guy … seems to have fallen from the sky!"
"How is that possible! The main city has a Forbidden Space Restriction. After crossing the city wall, you can't fly. How could he fall from the top of the main city? "
"Then how did he suddenly appear?"
These cultivators whispered to each other, their faces full of puzzlement.
Luo Zheng didn't care about these discussions.
He didn't know if the Teleportation Token could be taken away from the Dream Battlefield or if it could be used in the outside world. However, Luo Zheng wouldn't easily reveal it to others. As for how he appeared in this main city, he would let these people guess.
"This is a main city where human warriors gather …"
After Luo Zheng looked around, he came to this conclusion. After all, the architecture of this main city was the same as the architecture of the human race. Moreover, the warriors around Luo Zheng were also humans.
What race they were wasn't important to Luo Zheng. The reason he chose to descend to this main city was naturally to challenge those fat wolves and accumulate fantasy points …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng left the central area and prepared to go outside the city to "try his luck".
However, just as he was about to leave, a warrior said, "Are you a warrior who just arrived in this main city?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng stopped, turned his head to look at the warrior, and said indifferently, "Yes, what's the matter?"
The warrior looked at Luo Zheng and said, "This main city has rules. Newcomers have to register first, then pay half of your fantasy points to the city lord. Only then can you safely leave."
"City lord? This main city isn't a city in the Dream Battlefield. How can there be a city lord? My fantasy points can't be divided. How can I pay the city lord? "Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
The warrior replied, "I'm not sure if other main cities have City Lords, but our main city has one. As for the payment of Fantasy Points, the method is very simple. If you let the City Lord kill you once, you will naturally pay half of it to him …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly understood. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He was intimidated by the two words' city lord '. Presumably, this city lord was a character similar to the young master of the demon race. They relied on their own power to squeeze other warriors' fantasy points.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1206
However, this main city seemed to be even more thorough …
There was actually someone who proclaimed himself as the city lord. Not only that, but he also wanted all the warriors to register. Furthermore, he described 'killing them once' as paying half of the Fantasy Points. This was simply too grand.
When the warrior saw Luo Zheng's reaction, he warned, "I advise you to obediently register. Otherwise, you might not be able to leave this main city!"
"Unable to leave this main city? What does that mean?" Luo Zheng's interest became even more intense.
If this' city lord 'could really squeeze all the warriors in this main city, then the Fantasy Points accumulated by this person would definitely not be a small number.
This would save Luo Zheng a lot of trouble …
The warrior chuckled. "The city lord already controls this main city. If you don't register or pay Fantasy Points, then as long as you leave the main city, there will naturally be others who will come to kill you! Under such circumstances, how are you going to leave? "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed faintly. This warrior's words were naturally aimed at ordinary warriors.
The main city was so big. Even if he could not defeat the city lord, he should be able to find a place to escape from the main city …
Seeing Luo Zheng's disapproving expression, the warrior said, "I advise you to take the initiative to register. Otherwise, you might lose more than just half of your Fantasy Points. I'm afraid that all the Fantasy Points on you will be plundered. At that time, it will be too late for regrets!"
Since someone wanted to become a City Lord, there were naturally many martial artists who refused to accept this. These martial artists tried to escape the city again and again, but only a small number of them succeeded. Most of these martial artists would be killed as soon as they left the city. They would revive in the city and be killed again and again. Naturally, the number of fantasy points they accumulated would rapidly decrease!
"Where do I register?" Luo Zheng smiled. He already had a plan in mind and asked.
"Over there!"
The warrior stretched out his hand and pointed into the distance.
After Luo Zheng nodded, he walked through the main city. Not long after, he saw the entrance of a building in the main city. There were many warriors lining up. This was the place to register and pay Fantasy Points …
Previously, in order to obtain the Teleportation Token, Luo Zheng had paid 300,000 Fantasy Points. However, the cave was deducted from the Illusion Battlefield.
By 'paying' fantasy points between martial artists, they were stretching their necks to be killed by the so-called City Lord!
If the City Lord wanted to kill him, he would have to do it outside the city …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also joined the long line.
The cultivators lining up all had looks of unwillingness on their faces. After all, no one would be willing to hand over half of their Fantasy Points.
Some of the warriors in the queue were killed by the subordinates of the 'City Lord' a few times because they refused to believe it. They had no choice but to come back to register and 'pay' their Fantasy points.
There were also some cultivators who had left the main city to explore. After returning, they were defeated and killed by the 'City Lord'. After reviving, if they wanted to leave the main city, they had to obediently register here and let the 'City Lord' kill them again before they could leave this damned place!
The most unlucky ones were the warriors who had died in the wilderness. Some warriors were not born in this main city. They had accidentally entered the area around the main city while exploring in the wilderness. In the end, they were killed by the vicious beasts or divine beasts in this area.
According to the rules of the Illusion Battlefield, if one died in the wilderness, their body would revive in the nearest main city. They were the closest to this main city. After reviving, they would naturally enter this main city … and entering this main city meant that they had to be killed by the City Lord again before they could leave safely.
Luo Zheng was not lining up here to pay his Fantasy Points. These Fantasy Points were so precious. How could he easily give them to others?
His target was naturally the 'City Lord' of this main city …
After waiting for the time it took for an incense stick to burn, it was finally his turn.
"Name!" The warrior in charge of registration said coldly.
"Luo Tianxing," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Which human faction are you from? Which realm? Which holy land? "The warrior continued to ask.
"You even want to ask this?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
"I'm asking you. Answer honestly!" The warrior glared fiercely at Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled into a faint smile. Since the City Lord could command so many cultivators to work for him, he must be a person of great origin. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to have such a rallying power.
After all, everyone was equal in the Illusion Battlefield. Just like Young Master Hao's background in the Demon Race, his background must not be simple. However, he had only fooled a group of Demon Race warriors to work for him at the beginning. After many Demon Race warriors understood what was going on, no one listened to Young Master Hao's orders.
The source of this appeal could only be a position outside the Illusion Battlefield!
"Human Alliance, Spirit Communication World, Spirit Martial Holy Land," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the warrior looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. Then, he called another warrior and said at the same time, "Okay, follow him outside the city. After you pay the fantasy points, you can get out of here!"
Luo Zheng's expression remained calm. He followed the warrior next to him and went straight to the north gate of the main city …
After arriving at the edge of the main city, Luo Zheng finally understood why the warrior had warned him!
On the city wall of the main city, there was a Divine Sea Realm warrior standing like an iron tower. These warriors wore black armor and held light golden sabers. Their expressions were solemn, just like statues.
"Friend, where did these warriors come from? Why are they dressed in the same way? "Luo Zheng asked.
The warrior leading the way glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. He was very disdainful of Luo Zheng's fuss. "Nonsense, these warriors in black armor are the City Lord's guards. They work for the City Lord. Isn't it normal for them to dress in the same way?"
"Normal? You can bring guards into the Illusion Battlefield? "Luo Zheng asked.
Noticing Luo Zheng's puzzled expression, the martial practitioner seemed even more pleased with himself. He even showed off the details of what he had heard. "Our main city's City Lord comes from one of the top three aristocratic families in [Gods No Thoughts], the Ji Family! When the Illusion Battlefield opens, the Ji Family has high hopes for the City Lord! They have gathered 10,000 outstanding warriors of the Divine Sea Realm and entered the Illusion Battlefield at the same time as the City Lord! "
The distribution of warriors in the Illusion Battlefield to different main cities was random. However, the probability of warriors in the same area being placed together was quite high. The Ji Family arranged 10,000 warriors of the Divine Sea Realm. Under this distribution, 20% of the warriors were placed in other main cities. However, 80% of the warriors followed the "City Lord" into this main city!
It meant that from the moment the "City Lord" of the Ji Family stepped into the Illusion Battlefield, he had 8,000 warriors of the Divine Sea Realm as his guards.
It was also because of these 8,000 warriors of the Divine Sea Realm that the City Lord had such power. He took this main city as his own and oppressed all the warriors in the city in a dignified manner!
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded.
While they were talking, Luo Zheng and the warrior leading the way had arrived at the gate of the city. Not far away, there was a warrior in a blue robe with a black long sword in his hand. He was accumulating power with his eyes closed!
In front of this warrior in blue robe, there was a row of warriors of the Divine Sea Realm standing in an orderly manner!
These warriors of the Divine Sea Realm had no intention to resist. They stood there like lambs waiting to be slaughtered.
They had no choice. They could slowly earn back half of the Illusion Points. If they didn't pay, they couldn't leave this main city at all …
The warrior in blue robe stood there for a while and then suddenly opened his eyes. He had been accumulating power for a long time. At this moment, it was easy for him to activate the black long sword in his hand!
The sword light of the black long sword soared. In the blink of an eye, the black long sword had slashed out!
"Pfff, pfff, pfff …"
Along with the splashing of blood, seven or eight red light spots wrapped the souls of these warriors and flew into the main city, waiting to be resurrected.
In addition, balls of yellow dreamy light spots burst out from the ground. Because these warriors were killed by the warrior in blue robe, these dreamy light spots flew towards the warrior in blue robe!
"It's easy to accumulate Illusion Points like this …" Luo Zheng commented in his mind. Then the number of Illusion Points accumulated by this guy must not be a small number. "Is this person the" City Lord "of this main city?" Luo Zheng asked immediately.

Chapter 1207
"Not the City Lord?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
That martial artist explained, "The City Lord accumulates Fantasy Points and doesn't need him to act directly! This person is a valiant general of the City Lord. He helps the City Lord absorb Fantasy Points and then pays it to the City Lord. "
The so-called "payment" naturally referred to the method of killing …
This meant that the City Lord didn't need to personally act to harvest the Fantasy Points of countless martial artists in the city. Instead, he would let his subordinates do it, and then the City Lord would harvest the Fantasy Points of his subordinates.
Hearing this explanation, Luo Zheng felt some admiration for the City Lord.
This City Lord was only a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, but he was able to establish his own set of rules in this Fantasy Space in a short period of time. Furthermore, he was able to implement it layer by layer. He was indeed a genius.
"Next batch!"
That blue-shirted martial artist twirled his black longsword gently. His eagle eyes swept over with a sharp gaze.
"Go." The martial artist that brought Luo Zheng urged, "After paying half of the Fantasy Points, they won't make things difficult for you …"
At the same time, seven or eight martial artists on both sides of the city gate very consciously welcomed that blue-shirted martial artist. They would let him kill them and give him half of their Fantasy Points.
Luo Zheng also followed beside those martial artists. However, he felt a little depressed …
His target was the "City Lord", not this blue-shirted martial artist in front of him.
Using such a method, this City Lord must have accumulated a huge amount of Fantasy Points. If he killed the City Lord, he would be able to get half of the Fantasy Points. This was the most economical method.
However, he didn't expect that the City Lord didn't act personally but sent his subordinates instead.
The blue-shirted martial artist's sharp gaze swept over these seven or eight martial artists again. His gaze landed on Luo Zheng. He could faintly sense the aura that Luo Zheng was hiding.
However, he didn't take it to heart. No one in the main city could disobey them unless they planned to stay in the main city forever …
Such martial artists did exist. Some martial artists couldn't stand their methods but were not their match. Thus, they hid in the main city and cursed at them!
However, what was the use of this?
Martial artists fought based on their strength, not their mouths.
"Stand still," the blue-robed cultivator said in a cold voice. The black sword in his hand swung in a circle, but in his heart, he felt that something was wrong. His gaze once again fell on Luo Zheng, and he asked, "What is your name, and which force do you come from?"
Luo Zheng replied faintly, "Hasn't it been registered?"
"I asked you to answer," the blue-shirted warrior stared at Luo Zheng and said.
"Human Alliance, Psychic Realm, Lingwu Sacred Land," Luo Zheng answered honestly.
"Very good." The blue-robed martial artist said, "After you revive, you have to come over and be killed by me again. A total of three times before you can leave the main city."
Three times …
Not to mention three times, even once was impossible.
Therefore, when he heard this, the smile on Luo Zheng's face became even wider.
Although he was smiling, he was in a bad mood.
The Illusory Battlefield could allow all the low-level martial artists in the entire universe to enter and compete with all the genius martial artists. However, this group of people still wanted to use their own forces and strength to create rules and try to control the fate of the weak …
Luo Zheng's strong smile made the blue-robed cultivator feel a trace of unease. He asked coldly, "What are you laughing at?"
"I'm laughing at you …" Luo Zheng suddenly said, "In your dreams!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the blue-robed cultivator's face darkened. "You're courting death!"
After saying this, the black sword in his hand flipped and slashed towards Luo Zheng without any explanation!
Seeing this scene, many martial artists in the city, including the martial artists who had led Luo Zheng here after Luo Zheng had registered, suddenly changed their expressions.
When the Illusory Battlefield first opened, many martial artists refused to accept the rules set by the "City Lord", and some geniuses also tried to resist …
However, the final result was very cruel!
This genius martial artist from the Ji Family could practically crush all the martial artists in the city!
The most important thing was that the "City Lord" was carrying a precious treasure of the Ji Family, a supreme artifact that could allow the City Lord to come and go without a trace, appearing and disappearing like a ghost …
It was also because of the existence of this supreme artifact that almost no martial artist could escape the pursuit of the "City Lord".
In the end, everyone accepted their fate and obediently went to register. Then, they "paid" half of their fantasy points.
"Another guy who refuses to accept his fate has come!"
"Ai, he will soon accept his fate. Whether it is inside or outside the Illusory Battlefield, the Ji Family is a colossal existence to ordinary martial artists. How can ordinary martial artists resist them …"
"I estimate that this guy's fantasy points will be wiped clean!"
The surrounding martial artists looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of pity on their faces.
Luo Zheng and several other martial artists stood in a row. The blue-robed martial artist did not give them any chance to explain. After killing several martial artists beside him, the blue-robed martial artist chopped down at Luo Zheng!
The blue-robed martial artist's black sword was very strange. When the black sword was brandished, it rapidly rotated! Because of the high-speed rotation, the sword did not look like a sword, but a black "staff"!
And because the black sword was rotating at such a high speed, it produced a strong suction force that pulled everything in the surroundings to the sword's edge, and then twisted it into pieces!
Therefore, the martial artists that were killed by the blue-robed martial artist did not have a thin sword mark on their bodies, but a terrifying wound!
Facing this strange sword technique, Luo Zheng did not dodge!
He only extended his hand towards the black sword and grabbed the black sword's edge!
The blue-robed martial artist's face revealed a trace of a sinister smile, and the black sword's rotation speed became even faster. This brat dared to grab his sword with his bare hands, and the only result was that he would be twisted into pieces!
How could such a stupid guy give me so much pressure before?
At this moment, the blue-robed martial artist's heart had a trace of confusion, but he did not take it to heart. Although a martial artist's intuition was very accurate, it was not always correct. Perhaps he had thought too much before.
However, after Luo Zheng's hand grabbed the crazily rotating sword's edge, his face suddenly changed!
The blue-robed martial artist originally imagined that Luo Zheng's hand would be twisted by his sword's edge, and the flesh on his arm would be twisted into powder, and the bones would shatter inch by inch.
But the moment Luo Zheng grabbed the sword's edge, he heard a crisp collision sound!
"Dang dang dang dang …"
The scene that he imagined did not appear!
The originally crazily rotating sword was still rotating in Luo Zheng's hand. This brat actually forcibly grabbed his sword's edge!
Under the twisting of the sword's edge, a crisp sound could be heard. Finally, the twisting force was forcibly restrained by Luo Zheng's single hand.
Finally, the sword's edge was firmly grasped in Luo Zheng's hand. It stopped spinning, and the black sword's edge had already curled up!
"This …"
The blue-robed martial artist suddenly opened his eyes wide, and a trace of fear appeared in his sharp eagle eyes …
He had followed his family's young master for many years, and he had seen many capable people. He had also heard of the various geniuses of [Gods Without Thought].
But this brat who could wrap his black sword with just one hand and come out unscathed, this brat had already exceeded the scope of a genius. He was simply a freak!
Above and below the city walls, many spectating martial artists were silent when they saw this scene.
Frankly speaking, they were very happy to see this scene. Although some of them had no choice but to serve the "City Lord", they had also paid fantasy points to the City Lord. How could they be willing to accept this? They were only forced by the power of the Ji Family.
Luo Zheng's appearance had helped them vent their anger. Moreover, looking at this situation, it seemed that there would be a good show to watch …
"I already said that you wish," Luo Zheng smiled and gently clenched his hand!
"Ping!"
A crisp sound could be heard, and the black sword was forcibly broken by Luo Zheng.
The blue-robed martial artist took a deep breath. This black sword was a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon, and it was also bestowed to him by the Ji Family's young master.
Although it was not painful to break a weapon in the Illusion Battlefield, Luo Zheng was able to break a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon so easily. At this moment, he faintly felt that something was wrong!
"Whoosh!"
Thinking of this, the blue-robed martial artist had already made up his mind. He planned to temporarily avoid the brunt of Luo Zheng's attack and head straight for the city gates!
"Actually, I'm more optimistic than you. You can leave, but you have to stay behind!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. How could he let this fat sheep escape?

Chapter 1208
The blue-robed cultivator was greatly alarmed!
Feeling the power erupting behind him, he drew a ten with one hand and three long swords flew out from his body!
The three long swords were of different colors. One was gold, one was silver, and one was bronze!
The three swords were engraved with beautiful patterns and their appearance was very eye-catching!
The black long sword that Luo Zheng had broken was a gift from the Ji Family's Young Master. As for the gold, silver, and bronze swords, they were his usual swords. These three swords had followed him for many years and were connected to his heart!
The gold, silver, and bronze swords flew out and resonated with each other from a distance. They began to rapidly rotate!
"Hu hu hu …"
Under the constant rotation of the three swords, a gold, silver, and bronze tornado appeared beside the blue-robed cultivator!
"Triple Mountain Dragon Twist!"
After this tornado was formed, it blew violently like a soaring dragon and charged towards Luo Zheng at the rear!
Luo Zheng's figure was like a sharp sword. Without dodging, he charged straight into it!
"Ping ping …"
The three tri-colored longswords that were hidden in the tornadoes clashed against his body, producing a series of metallic sounds!
Luo Zheng did not need a protective armor. His body was comparable to a first-grade divine artifact. Although the swords were sharp, how could they do anything to Luo Zheng?
The only troublesome thing was Luo Zheng's clothes. Under this twisting attack, the green clothes on his body were torn into strips and then shattered. However, this was not the first time Luo Zheng had encountered such a situation. Basically, Luo Zheng had to change his clothes every once in a while …
Luo Zheng forcibly passed through the three-colored tornado and charged towards the blue-robed cultivator. His hands shot out like lightning!
Seeing that he could not escape, the blue-robed cultivator flipped over like a sparrow hawk. A golden pill appeared in his hand and he suddenly crushed it!
"Hmph, you think you can obtain my fantasy points … Dream on! My fantasy points are all for the City Lord! Hahaha … "
Hearing this, a trace of confusion appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He only needed to kill this person to obtain half of his Fantasy Points. Why couldn't he obtain them?
After the blue-robed cultivator crushed the golden pellet, a violent aura erupted from the golden pellet, and an enormous aura spread out from it!
"Boom!"
Seeing that the situation was not right, Luo Zheng quickly retreated!
The distance between him and the blue-robed martial artist increased by several tens of feet!
After a breath of time, the golden ball suddenly shattered, and then blood red lightning that was fine like hairs emanated from within it!
This power of thunder was as thin as a strand of hair, but as it spread out, it was like a dense tree root that spread outwards. It completely covered the 100 foot area around the blue-clothed martial artist, turning into a massive ball of thunder!
Seeing the power of this golden pill, Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched violently!
"The power of this golden pill is actually so terrifying!"
If Luo Zheng had been caught in it just now, he would probably have been torn apart by this terrifying blood red lightning!
Although he wouldn't really die in the Illusion Battlefield, he would probably lose half of his fantasy points … If this wasn't the Illusion Battlefield, wouldn't he have really died?
In addition to the chill in his heart, Luo Zheng was also thinking about the blue-robed cultivator's words before he died. He was unable to obtain his fantasy points?
According to the rules of the Illusion Battlefield, even if one committed suicide, they would lose half of their fantasy points. Just like the cultivator killed by the Sky Rat in the wilderness before, after the fantasy points exploded, they condensed together and turned into a yellow ball of light. Luo Zheng only needed to go up and absorb it!
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that after the blue-robed cultivator died, a large ball of fantasy points indeed appeared!
The densely packed Fantasy Points were twice as many as the Dragonfowl that Luo Zheng had killed back then! In other words, just within the blue-robed cultivator's body, there were at least 200,000 fantasy points of light!
However, after these yellow fantasy points of light exploded, they didn't enter Luo Zheng's body because this person wasn't killed by Luo Zheng!
Not only that, but these fantasy points of light actually flew towards the main city!
"What's going on?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock …
Could it be that the City Lord could change the rules of the Illusion Battlefield?
This was simply impossible!
On the city wall, the City Lord's guards didn't stand up.
That blue-robed cultivator wasn't even a match for Luo Zheng. If they rushed out of the city, they would only be delivering food to Luo Zheng …
However, these guards had mocking smiles on their faces as they stared at Luo Zheng, seemingly mocking Luo Zheng's childishness.
As for the various cultivators at the city gate, each of them had a different expression. They were the subordinates of the City Lord, so naturally, they weren't willing to tell Luo Zheng the reason why.
Floating ten feet above the ground, Luo Zheng frowned as he watched this scene. Seeing the large number of fantasy points disappear, Luo Zheng felt somewhat helpless!
In an instant, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he flew along the city wall!
This so-called City Lord definitely had more than one subordinate. A main city covered a large area. News of him being here might not spread out. Right now, he had to find his next target, which was the City Lord's other subordinates …
The dense yellow dots of light drifted all the way into the main city and finally flew into a courtyard in the southwest of the main city.
In the Illusion Battlefield, all the cultivators were fighting with their lives on the line. They were either fighting with other cultivators to obtain fantasy points or killing various fierce beasts in the wilderness …
However, this residence appeared to be very serene!
Little snowflakes were like weightless cotton that gently drifted down.
Under the scorching sun, these snowflakes were naturally man-made …
In fact, when one approached the entrance of this courtyard, one could feel the biting cold. Ordinary cultivators also knew that this was not a place to stay for long, so they all retreated carefully.
In the courtyard, a thick layer of snow had been laid on the ground. Standing in the courtyard was like standing in the middle of winter, giving off a quiet and peaceful atmosphere.
A woman wearing a purple veil was in a corner of this snow-covered courtyard, holding a palm-sized silk book in her hands.
There were no drawings on this silk book. Instead, it was filled with small, densely packed words. It was a contemporary novel …
In the entire universe, in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds, cultivators occupied an absolute ruling position. To put it bluntly, they valued martial arts and despised literature.
Here, scholars could only be considered as mortals. They were insignificant existences. In the mainstream culture of any race, they didn't exist.
However, in these few years, there was a craze for contemporary novels in the Upper Realm …
It wasn't that the status of scholars had increased. Things like poems and songs were still not popular among cultivators. Instead, all kinds of supernatural novels were very popular.
The reason was still Luo Zheng …
Although many cultivators were annoyed by his stories over the past few years, there were still some cultivators who heard the stories in their minds and became interested.
However, Luo Zheng still needed to cultivate. Furthermore, the story was told for the mysterious girl. Everyone was just a listener. If the mysterious girl came out of seclusion, everyone could still gather by her side and listen. They could be considered listeners. But if Luo Zheng stopped telling the story, everyone would have nothing to listen to.
However, in the universe, there were many living beings. The number of mortals was even more than ants. In terms of culture, these powerhouses who stood at the top of the pyramid were actually not as good as those mortals.
If one asked around a little, they would be able to buy mountains of novels by spending a single True Essence Stone. They could even hire several hundred storytellers to tell vivid stories in their ears every day. In the last few years, this had become one of the most fashionable activities among martial artists.
Because of this, the status of some mortals rose. For example, in a small city under a sixth-rank Holy Land in the Broken Heavens Realm of [Gods No Thoughts], there was a storyteller named Zhang Shisan.
Zhang Shisan's stories were all made up by himself. When he told the stories, whether it was his emotions or his demeanor, they were all very accurate. He was recognized by a certain cultivator in this Holy Land and was recommended all the way up. Zhang Shisan's status rose steadily. It was said that it even caused a fight between two Holy Lands …
Later, Zhang Shisan was even given a Longevity Pill, which gave him hundreds of years of life. This was already very amazing among mortals. Even the rulers of some small countries among mortals didn't receive such treatment.
But in general, all scholars had to thank one person, and that was Luo Zheng!
If he hadn't used the Roaring Token to inject his stories into the minds of many cultivators and arouse the interest of some of them, this wave of activity wouldn't have happened …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1209
This woman could be considered to be infatuated with the novel. At this moment, she was lying on a chair with her slender legs resting on a small stool. She was flipping through the silk book in her hands with great interest.
With the strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior's soul, as long as they released their senses, they could instantly memorize the hundreds of thousands of words in the silk book in the blink of an eye.
But if they did so, they would lose the joy of reading!
She was still reading word by word. Only by doing so could she be affected by the characters in the novel and be concerned about their fates …
Just as this woman was engrossed in reading, a large ball of yellow dreamy light rapidly flew towards her. In the blink of an eye, the dreamy light was absorbed by this woman.
"Eh?"
The purple-clothed woman frowned. Her face that was whiter than snow revealed a trace of displeasure. It was indeed displeasing to be disturbed at the most exciting part of the story.
"Who is so daring … to kill my people."
The purple-clothed woman carefully folded a page of the silk book in her hands and placed it into her Sumeru Space.
Then, she quietly got up and left a series of small footprints in the rustling snow. With light steps, she left her residence …
Luo Zheng circled around the edge of the main city at high speed …
His guess was correct. The 'City Lord' had more than one subordinate.
In fact, the City Lord had sent a total of eight people to help her collect dreamy points at the eight exits of the main city.
In the outside world, these eight people were the personal attendants of the 'City Lord'.
This time, they came to the Illusory Battlefield and naturally served the 'City Lord' with great care. They had to hand over all the dreamy points they collected!
And the location where these eight people were located was jokingly called the 'Slaughterhouse' by the warriors in the main city …
With Luo Zheng's speed, he arrived at the other side of the main city in less than five minutes.
He saw a tall Human Race warrior standing at the city gate with a pair of golden hammers in his hands.
The human martial artist was as strong as a bull, and his voice was very loud. He shouted loudly, "Stand still, all of you. You won't feel any pain when I hit you with my hammer. Just close your eyes and you'll be revived in the city!"
In front of this human warrior, there was naturally a row of warriors who planned to hand over half of their dreamy points to him!
Seeing this tall human warrior, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and a trace of joy appeared on his face!
He drew out a trace of primal chaos energy from his body. Then, a gust of wind blew around him and his speed increased. He flew towards the human warrior at an extremely fast speed!
This tall human warrior raised his hammers and was about to kill the people in front of him.............................
.......... Niu... .......
This tall human martial artist's name was Niu Jin. He was naturally fond of fighting. When he entered the Illusory Battlefield, he wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to kill!
............................................
Niu Jin had no interest in slaughtering sheep that couldn't resist. However, his young master's orders were more important. He could only stand guard here and act as his young master's executioner, helping her accumulate dreamy points.
At this moment, Niu Jin saw a figure flying towards him at high speed. He immediately became excited!
When the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, there were people who dared to challenge Niu Jin …
However, after those warriors were killed by him a few times, they immediately became as obedient as sheep.
Among them, there were a few who were stronger than him. However, after being taught a lesson by his young master, they also became sheep.
Facing a group of docile sheep, Niu Jin felt that this trip to the Illusory Battlefield was very boring. Therefore, he was powerless to do anything!
Now that he saw someone coming to find trouble with him, Niu Jin was naturally happy!
"Clang!"
Niu Jin collided the two hammers in his hands!
A visible ripple spread out from the hammers. When the sound reached the warriors' ears, they felt their souls tremble!
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he saw Niu Jin's fearless demeanor.
He was afraid that Niu Jin would escape into the main city. He was also afraid that Niu Jin would crush a golden pill like the warrior in green. If that happened, all his efforts would be for naught!
"I'll kill this person as fast as I can!"
After Luo Zheng made up his mind, he did not hesitate. When he was still a hundred feet away from Niu Jin, he took a step forward and crossed the space. He planned to approach Niu Jin's side and kill Niu Jin with a thunderous attack to cut off any backup plans.
However, just as Luo Zheng passed through space, he heard Niu Jin snort coldly. He suddenly waved his hammers and smashed them into the void!
"Boom!"
A loud sound came from this smash!
Luo Zheng's figure staggered out from the void. He looked at the boorish man in front of him with surprise.
Niu Jin's face was also full of surprise …
Shuttling through space for a short distance was only a basic method of using the Law of Space. With Luo Zheng's current understanding of the Law of Space, he could hide himself perfectly. At least, it would be difficult for the opponent to catch his shuttling path!
However, Niu Jin's hammers were not only able to accurately see through his teleportation technique, the hammers were also able to hit him in the void!
Just now, Luo Zheng was smashed out from the void by Niu Jin. The power contained in the hammers made Luo Zheng's Qi and blood tumble.
At this moment, Niu Jin was even more shocked than Luo Zheng!
His hammers really hit Luo Zheng's body …
With his strength alone, his hammers could flatten a ten thousand feet tall mountain. Even if the opponent was a warrior in the Divine Sea Realm, there was no way they could survive being hit by his hammers. At least, they would be smashed into meat paste!
However, after he smashed his hammers, he only saw Luo Zheng stagger out from the void. He didn't seem to be weakened at all. He wasn't even injured.
"What the hell is this guy!"
At this moment, Niu Jin had the same feeling as the blue-clothed cultivator. It was as if he wasn't looking at a Human Race cultivator, but a monster, a monster that could withstand the force of his hammers without being injured!
Even the young master couldn't withstand his hammers. This guy …
However, his character was completely different from the blue-robed warrior. Seeing Luo Zheng like this, he didn't have the slightest intention of retreating. This aroused his monstrous fighting spirit!
This kind of opponent could only be encountered by chance. Moreover, he wouldn't die in the Illusion Battlefield. This kind of opportunity was too precious. How could he let go of Luo Zheng?
The outcome was still undecided. However, he only wanted to fight to his heart's content. As for the large amount of fantasy points he had accumulated for the young master, he had already thrown this matter to the depths of his mind …
"Haha, your body is really enviable. However, I don't believe that I can't smash you! Don't run! "
"Clang! Clang! "
After Niu Jin finished speaking, he slammed his hammers together a few more times. Ripples spread out in the air. His thick and powerful legs took a mysterious step as he rushed towards Luo Zheng!
The pair of golden hammers in this person's hands danced, forming thousands of hammer shadows!
This hammer technique was extremely mysterious. Not to mention that ordinary warriors couldn't see through these hammer shadows, even Luo Zheng couldn't see through them in an instant!
He was like a mad bull, rushing towards Luo Zheng with great power. He wanted to crush everything in front of him into dust!
Such a big commotion attracted many warriors to stop and watch! Even if they had to endure the sound of Niu Jin's hammers striking, they still didn't want to miss this wonderful duel!
"That guy really didn't run!"
"Could it be that he was scared silly? Niu Jin will smash him into dust …"
"Previously, Niu Jin lost his temper with the City Lord and smashed his hammers on the city wall. I heard that the main city wall was shaken by him!"
Shaking the main city was already an exaggeration.
All the main cities in the Illusion Battlefield were built by the Heavenly Dao. They were where the rules were. In reality, they couldn't be shaken at all. Thus, it was impossible to peel off a piece of the city wall!
However, it was enough to show that everyone had a deep impression of Niu Jin's hammers and his terrifying strength.

Chapter 1210
The golden hammer shadows in front of Luo Zheng were profound hammer techniques that had been accumulated for thousands of years!
These golden hammer shadows covered the sky and covered the earth, making it impossible to distinguish between the real and fake ones. It was not easy to break them.
However, Luo Zheng had no intention of breaking them. He still intended to use brute force to resist, which was also the fastest method.
However, Niu Jin was originally very strong. How many martial artists of the same level could resist him with brute force? Even warriors who were stronger than Niu Jin, such as the "Young Master" that Niu Jin served, who was also the "City Lord" of the main city, could not use brute force to fight him. That would be too disadvantageous.
However, Luo Zheng would not be disadvantaged. With the body of a divine artifact combined with the power of the dragon scales, not to mention martial artists of the same level, even martial artists of a higher level than Luo Zheng would not be able to resist him!
Therefore, not only did Luo Zheng not retreat half a step, but he also faced Niu Jin head-on …
"You have guts! I'll grant you a quick death! "
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not run away, but instead came straight for him, Niu Jin poured all of his strength into his arms! At the same time, the Spirit Sea began to set off monstrous waves. His cultivation spread out like a god of strength, and all the golden hammer shadows came down on Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng also opened up the power of the dragon scales to as many as ten thousand pieces!
The strength in his body was like a tide, flocking together. Although the hammer shadows were dazzling like flowers, making it difficult to distinguish between the real and fake ones, Luo Zheng did not intend to defend against the hammer strikes. His only target was Niu Jin himself!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly sped up by 30%. He clenched one hand into a fist. This very ordinary Forward Punch contained far more power than anyone could imagine!
In Niu Jin's view, Luo Zheng's fighting style was somewhat desperate.
With a laugh, he grabbed with his right hand, and half of the golden hammer shadows in the sky disappeared. It turned out that for insurance, he had blocked Luo Zheng's attack with a golden hammer in front of his chest. He had smashed Luo Zheng twice before, so he knew that Luo Zheng must be extraordinary. The Forward Punch in front of him looked very simple, but he was afraid that there was a trick behind it! He did not want to perish together with Luo Zheng …
If they perished together, half of the fantasy points in his and Luo Zheng's bodies would be left here. If they were snatched by some meddlesome martial artists, he might be scolded by the Young Master..
Niu Jin looked reckless on the outside, but his mind was actually very meticulous. He kept one of the golden hammers, but the other one was still transforming into countless hammer shadows and smashing down on Luo Zheng's head. He was determined to smash Luo Zheng's head into smithereens!
It could be said that Niu Jin made the most correct judgment in an instant.
But no matter how correct his judgment was, it was useless under the suppression of absolute strength!
When Luo Zheng's fist smashed into Niu Jin's defensive golden hammer, Niu Jin immediately understood ….
The might of Luo Zheng's punch wasn't very strong. His entire aura had been completely overshadowed by Niu Jin. However, when Luo Zheng's punch made contact with the golden hammer, Niu Jin felt an earth-shattering force from his hammer.
This force smashed into the golden hammer, and the golden hammer turned around and smashed into Niu Jin's chest ….
"Ka!"
A cracking sound was heard.
Luo Zheng had smashed the circular golden hammer into pieces from the middle! Luo Zheng's Forward Punch did not stop. It went through the cracks and smashed into Niu Jin's chest!
"Clang!"
When Luo Zheng's fist hit Niu Jin's chest, another loud sound was heard!
Hearing this sound, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. However, he sighed in his heart. Not good. This guy actually has a treasure to protect himself!
A defensive treasure that could withstand the power of ten thousand dragon scales had to be at least a grade one divine artifact. However, even if he had a defensive treasure protecting his chest, he would still be severely injured. After all, a defensive treasure could only reduce the damage he received. It couldn't completely block the attack, unless the defensive treasure protecting his chest was a supreme divine artifact.
Luo Zheng was worried that this guy also had a golden pill. If he crushed the golden pill now, all his efforts would be for naught ….
Under the huge inertia, Niu Jin flew backward. He knew that he was seriously injured. That terrifying force still remained in his internal organs. It even shook the world in his body, and a part of his spirit sea was on the verge of collapse!
At this time, Niu Jin was not thinking about saving his life, but protecting the Young Master's fantasy points!
If he lost his life, he could revive. If this person snatched his fantasy points, he would most likely face the Young Master's harsh punishment!
Therefore, the moment he flew backward, a golden pill appeared in Niu Jin's hand!
However, the moment Niu Jin took out the golden pill, before he could crush it, he heard a cold chuckle beside his ear.
Luo Zheng seemed to have anticipated that Niu Jin would take out the golden pill and forced himself to step closer to him. Niu Jin was just about to crush the golden pill with his hand, but before he could exert any strength, a blue ray of golden light flashed …
Niu Jin could no longer feel the existence of his right hand!
That hand was instantly cut off by Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword, and he flew up high with the golden pill in his hand.
Luo Zheng's movements were extremely nimble. His figure flashed, and he grabbed the golden pill from his severed hand. With a roll, his knee pressed against Niu Jin's chest, and the blade of his sword was already aimed at Niu Jin.
"The Young Master won't …."
"Pfff!"
Luo Zheng didn't let this person finish speaking. If it was elsewhere, he might have been able to make this person speak a few more words.
This main city was strange everywhere. He was afraid that the fantasy points he was about to obtain would fly away. It was better to kill this person first. It couldn't be that the fantasy points of the person he killed would fly away, right?
In fact, until now, Luo Zheng still couldn't understand why the fantasy points would automatically fly away after the blue-clothed cultivator died ….
Once Niu Jin died, he was wrapped in a red light and brought back to the main city to revive. At the same time, a large amount of fantasy points exploded. This person's fantasy points were actually more than the blue-clothed cultivator's!
These yellow light spots exploded from Niu Jin's body and flew towards Luo Zheng's body. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief. He really thought that someone could affect the rules of the Illusion Battlefield!
On the city wall, many cultivators saw this scene. Most of their gazes were filled with envy and pity.
They were envious because Luo Zheng actually had such strength. Not only was he not at a disadvantage in a direct confrontation with Niu Jin, but he was also able to kill Luo Zheng in one blow and obtain so many fantasy points!
The reason for their pity was very simple. They clearly knew what Luo Zheng's fate was ….
Previously, when the "City Lord" wanted to take control of this main city, it caused many cultivators to retaliate. Among them, there was no lack of powerful cultivators. Some of them were even more valiant than Niu Jin and the others. Some of them had killed Niu Jin and the others several times.
But in the end, they were killed by the City Lord again and again!
Now, not only did those cultivators have a pitiful amount of fantasy points, but it was also very difficult for them to even leave the main city!
As long as those cultivators left the city, they would face the City Lord's pursuit. And with the City Lord's speed …. no Divine Sea Realm cultivator could escape from him!
In their opinion, this Luo Zheng's fate wouldn't be any better.
"This Niu Jin is dead. The City Lord …. will probably rush over!"
"This guy still hasn't left. It's not too late to slip away now!"
"This person should be a cultivator from another main city. He doesn't know the City Lord's strength!"
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't intend to leave this place at all. His target was the City Lord ….
The City Lord's subordinates were already filthy rich. Wouldn't the City Lord himself have accumulated an astronomical number of fantasy points? Thinking of this, how could Luo Zheng be willing to leave?
Since this City Lord was rumored to be so tyrannical and he had killed two of his subordinates in a row, this City Lord would probably come looking for him in the future ….
Luo Zheng was still standing outside the city. His eyes were focused on the golden pill in his hand!
This golden pill was most likely an ultimate treasure. The power it could unleash was actually so terrifying. Fortunately, this golden pill was a one-time consumable item! But even so, if he released this golden pill when facing an enemy, he would be able to obtain a miraculous effect under unexpected circumstances!
But this golden pill could only be activated after being crushed. Could it be that this golden pill could only be used to commit suicide?
Just as he was looking at this golden pill, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that this golden pill was boiling hot. A great power was about to burst out from it. Almost as if it was a conditioned reflex, he threw this golden pill far away!
"Pu!"
After the golden pellet flew for more than ten feet in the air, a dense amount of blood-colored lightning escaped from the golden pellet!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face turned ugly. If it wasn't for his quick reaction, he would have been involved in it!

Chapter 1211
This woman was wearing a smoky purple gauze overcoat, with ivory white ribbons fluttering behind her. She looked like a fairy in a painting.
She stepped on a pair of crescent moon embroidered shoes and walked along the edge of the city wall. With every step she took, a flight of stairs made of ice crystals would be constructed under her feet. Her toes would lightly borrow the force of the steps to float forward for a distance, and the ice crystal stairs would shatter with a loud bang. Therefore, every light step she took was accompanied by the crisp and melodious sound of ice crystals shattering …
"Huala … Huala …"
Looking at this woman in purple, Luo Zheng's eyes were calm, but he was very vigilant in his heart. He quietly stretched out his limbs.
Cultivation was a standard to measure a warrior's strength, but in the Upper World, this standard was very broad.
For example, a powerful Divine Sea Realm warrior might be much stronger than a Divine Extreme Realm warrior with average talent!
Before this, Luo Zheng had easily killed a Divine Extreme Realm warrior. Moreover, Luo Zheng was not the only one who could do this. Many of the core warriors in the universe, as well as the geniuses of various races, could do the same.
When Luo Zheng felt this woman's sharp coldness, he also realized that this person's strength was extraordinary. She might be the strongest warrior he had encountered since entering the Illusory Battlefield.
"The City Lord is here …"
"Is this woman the City Lord of this main city? She has such a temperament! "
"Hehe, what's so strange about a member of the Ji Family having such a temperament?"
"…"
Many warriors on the city wall saw this woman's appearance, and their eyes shone brightly. It was an expression that would only appear when they saw a perfect object and their hearts throbbed!
The woman in front of them was indeed very perfect!
In Luo Zheng's eyes, it was the same. In terms of appearance and temperament, perhaps only Xun could compete with her!
However, her temperament was completely different from Xun's.
Xun gave people a sense of supreme nobility. No matter where she stood, she was like a goddess descending to the mortal world. Her every movement revealed decisiveness and killing intent. Under that cold appearance, there was a fiery heart hidden, like a frozen volcano.
But this woman in front of them gave people a sense of tranquility and peace.
Just like the rustling snowflakes, this kind of sharp aura not only did not make people resist, but also made people calm.
However, Luo Zheng felt that under this calmness, there was a faint murderous intent hidden. This murderous intent was very arrogant, as if it had control over the lives of all living beings, and this "living beings" naturally included Luo Zheng.
The woman in purple was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng, and the coldness that made people calm became more and more serious. The snowflakes falling around her became bigger and bigger.
Inside the city, the Illusory Battlefield........ com.............................
The temperature in the Illusory Battlefield wasn't low. To mortals, it could be considered extremely hot. However, the snowflakes didn't seem to melt. They piled up at a speed visible to the naked eye, and soon, a thin layer of snow covered the ground.
........ Through the falling snow, the woman in purple's gaze fell on Luo Zheng. Like her temperament, this woman's gaze was exceptionally pure and clear.
"Who is Jia Fan?" Luo Zheng smiled. He looked up at the woman and said, "You mean that blue-clothed Illusory Battlefield cultivator?"
The woman in purple nodded, "Yes."
"You can say that." Luo Zheng did not deny it. He pointed at the place where the golden ball had exploded and said, "But he should have committed suicide. At least I didn't obtain any fantasy points."
The blue-clothed Illusory Battlefield cultivator committed suicide, but his fantasy points were absorbed by someone else. Luo Zheng could not understand. This did not conform to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield!
"Those fantasy points were naturally absorbed by me. They should have been my fantasy points," the woman in purple said indifferently.
"How did you do it?" Luo Zheng was the most curious about this matter.
The woman in purple did not answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she continued to stare at Luo Zheng with her pure gaze, "You also killed Niu Jin."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was speechless. This was something that could be asked in one sentence, but this woman had to ask two separate questions. Luo Zheng grinned and said, "Yes, I did kill him! You are the 'City Lord'! Are these two your subordinates? "
Luo Zheng's words carried a clear provocation. Although he valued this opponent, he was not afraid to fight.
The woman in purple did not answer Luo Zheng's question. She did not seem to care about what Luo Zheng said. Instead, she was completely immersed in her own thoughts, "You took half of Niu Jin's fantasy points. I have to kill you three times to earn them back. After three times, I can let you leave the main city … …"
Hearing these strange words again, Luo Zheng understood that it was impossible to communicate with this woman.
However, this didn't affect Luo Zheng's goal!
Now, it seemed that this woman was indeed the City Lord. Killing the City Lord and taking her fantasy points was Luo Zheng's only goal!
"Whoosh!"
The Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword was suddenly unsheathed, and the blue sword body was suffused with a faint sword light. Luo Zheng restrained his emotions, and the long sword in his hand was already placed horizontally in front of his chest, "If you can defeat this Luo, not to mention three times, even thirty times is possible."
The woman in purple indifferently glanced at Luo Zheng's sword. Although she did not know the origin of the Thundergale Ghost Sword, she knew that this sword was not ordinary. Her clear eyes revealed a trace of surprise.
"Your … surname is Luo? What is your name? "The woman in purple suddenly asked.
"Luo Tianxing," Luo Zheng reported his name.
After hearing Luo Zheng's name, the woman in purple revealed a trace of disappointment.
There were hundreds of millions of cultivators in the Illusory Battlefield. If there weren't tens of millions of cultivators with the surname Luo, there were at least millions. The possibility of encountering that guy by chance was too small …
Following which, she lightly exhaled a breath of cold air. Thinking about how that guy had dug a few holes, a trace of fire appeared in her cold heart. If that guy entered the Illusory Battlefield, he definitely wouldn't be a nobody. She should be able to find him! As for this Luo guy in front of her, since he had disobeyed the rules she had set, she naturally had to kill him!
"I … am not called 'City Lord'," the woman in purple said. Her slender fingers that were whiter than snow opened slightly. Following which, a rippling light wrapped around her fingers.
After the light dissipated, five rings appeared on her fingers!
These five rings were old in style and didn't have any decorative patterns on them. However, they were extremely incompatible with Ji Luoxue's temperament!
Between these five rings, there was a thin chain necklace. She suddenly stretched out her five slender fingers, and the thin chain began to sway unceasingly ….
At this time, Ji Luoxue continued, "My name is Ji Luoxue. Remember my name, and then … go die …"
Just as she finished speaking, the slowly falling snow suddenly sped up by more than ten times!
If it was said that a snowstorm had quietly descended on a winter night, then now it was a blizzard in the middle of winter!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Not only did the snowflakes become bigger, but the wind also became fiercer!
Amidst this frenzied blizzard, Ji Luoxue's figure suddenly floated towards Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
This woman was as quiet as a virgin, but once she moved, she had the power of rushing thunder and was not inferior to a man in the slightest.
Her figure suddenly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. In the blink of an eye, the distance between Luo Zheng and her was less than ten feet!
Within ten feet, Luo Zheng's longsword suddenly struck out!
"Serene Divine Shadow!"
"Whoosh …"
"Crackle!"
As Luo Zheng poured chaotic energy into the Thunderstorm Serene Divine Sword, a winding lightning bolt had already charged towards the woman!
After this lightning bolt, there was a sharp wind blade!
After the wind blade, there was a dense swarm of Serene Divine Shadows. Each Serene Divine Shadow used a different fist technique and attacked Ji Luoxue!
On the city wall, all the warriors stared intently at the scene before them!
Many of the warriors in the main city had seen Ji Luoxue's strength. They did not dare to cross the city wall even half an inch because they knew that only the rules of the main city could protect them!
"Why do I feel that it's a little unfair? The City Lord suddenly became kind and only killed this kid three times before letting him go?"
"The City Lord's personality has always been very strange and temperamental. I heard that it has something to do with the books she reads. She seems to be easily affected by the stories in the books!"
"Sometimes gentle, sometimes cruel … I think that this kind of personality is very charming, haha!"
"Charming? Heh, she's a prodigy of the Ji Family. Are you worthy of her? "
The battle had just begun, and many warriors took advantage of this gap to whisper among themselves.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1212
Luo Zheng's first round of attacks was merely a test.
Although it was only a test, it wasn't something that could be casually received.
Under the full power of the Dark Lightning Wind Divine Sword, both the lightning and wind blades were extremely sharp. Under the control of Luo Zheng's mind, the Dark Divine Shadows all had different moves. Every punch and kick was meticulously planned, so it wasn't that easy to break through them.
Facing these three attacks, Ji Luoxue's originally clear eyes were tainted with a trace of turbidity!
At this moment, her right hand formed the shape of an orchid, and her slender little finger was the most prominent. The ring on her little finger also emitted a faint yellow light at this moment!
"Earth Protection," Ji Luoxue's indifferent voice was heard.
The faint yellow light gradually condensed into a giant that was several hundred feet tall and enveloped Ji Luoxue within it.
A heavy aura was transmitted along with the faint yellow light.
"Rumble …"
The foremost bolt of lightning heavily struck the light and only left a faint burn mark on it, which instantly disappeared without a trace.
As for the wind blade, it only cut a distance of an inch …
As for the Dark Divine Shadows, although their fist techniques were exquisite and their coordination was flawless, they were unable to break through this powerful defense. As for Ji Luoxue, who was within it, it was even more difficult to harm her!
"What a powerful defense." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Although he knew that the five rings on Ji Luoxue's hand were extraordinary, the power of these rings still exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination. She had only activated one ring just now …
After blocking Luo Zheng's attack, Ji Luoxue raised her palm towards Luo Zheng. The corners of her mouth lifted slightly, and the palm that had just been raised came crashing down from the sky!
As this palm came crashing down from the distance, the faint yellow giant that enveloped Ji Luoxue also slammed its enormous palm down!
"Rumble!"
An earth-shattering sound rang out! At the same time, it was accompanied by a violent vibration!
If one were to look down from an extremely high vantage point, they would see a huge palm print on the empty ground beside the main city. Around the palm print, countless cracks had appeared and were rapidly expanding! The surrounding ground continued to tremble …
As the huge palm descended, Luo Zheng flew backwards, barely dodging the palm!
Looking at the palm print on the ground, Luo Zheng's eyes became more and more serious, but his fighting spirit was also boiling!
After ascending to the Upper Bound, Luo Zheng's most important goal was to find Luo Yan!
However, Luo Zheng had never forgotten to pursue his own martial arts and surpass his own limits!
However, since stepping into the Upper Realm, other than facing the pursuit of those Celestial Masters, he had never had the opportunity to spar with the powerhouses of the same level in the Upper Realm.
But in this Illusory Battlefield, his long-cherished wish could be fulfilled. He would face the super geniuses of the entire universe, the proud sons of heaven of the various races …
"This slap is too exaggerated!"
"Hmph, do you think anyone can be called a proud son of heaven? There are only a few proud sons of heaven in a large faction. Such people will definitely be the best of the best when they become Sector Lords in the future. If they are conferred the title of Celestial Master, they will be the strongest among the powerful Celestial Masters. Moreover, in this Great Era, the various races have poured countless efforts into the proud sons of heaven of their own race. They have placed high hopes on a large family or a large race … "
"This also widens the gap between the Divine Sea Realm warriors. Divine Sea Realm warriors like us will probably never be able to stand out in our entire lives."
Hundreds of thousands of warriors had already gathered on the city wall. Many of them were attracted by the huge sound just now.
Although Ji Luoxue's palm strike had caused the ground several hundred kilometers away to tremble and the cracks to extend to several hundred kilometers away, the city to the side did not tremble at all. Only the sound of the strike managed to reach the city.
Ji Luoxue's eyes blinked slightly when his slap did not hit its target. He raised his hand again and slapped the air with a backhand.
The first palm came down from the top, directly covering the ground.
The second slap was like a slap to the thin man's face. It swept across with the flat of the palm.
Her slap was not fast, but the giant was countless times bigger than her. The speed of the slap was the same as her speed.
The speed was the same, but the difference between her and the giant was countless times bigger. The absolute speed of the giant's slap was naturally countless times faster!
Half of the giant's hand was buried in the ground. When the slap came across, it lifted the soil and grass on the ground and slapped towards Luo Zheng!
If this slap landed properly, Luo Zheng would be directly slapped onto the city wall. Under the pressure of the palm and the city wall, Luo Zheng would be directly smashed into pieces!
Luo Zheng naturally would not let this happen. With a kick of his legs, he rolled and easily avoided the palm that was like a city wall.
"Hmph …"
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, Ji Luoxue only snorted lightly. His other hand slapped down from the air again!
In front of the giant, Luo Zheng was like a fly. Just as he rose into the air, he was caught off guard and was slapped to the ground by the other hand.
"Your strength … is weaker than I thought. You only used the power of the earth element …"
As soon as she finished speaking, she retracted her left hand and dug fiercely downwards!
The giant's left hand dug up the soil within a radius of ten feet. Luo Zheng, who had just been slapped into the soil, naturally fell into the giant's hand.
At the same time, Ji Luoxue's right hand clapped towards her left hand. Her hands were lightly clapping, as if she was applauding for someone. If one listened carefully, one could even hear her soft clapping!
The reason why one had to listen carefully was because the giant's hands were constantly clapping together, erupting with deafening booms!
Luo Zheng was being slapped up and down by this pair of giant hands!
Every time she slapped, the warriors on the city wall could not help but feel their eyelids twitch!
"What terrifying power. That kid … has probably been smashed into meat paste?"
"This slap is probably more or less enough. This Ji Luoxue is really too terrifying!"
"Why don't I see any dreamy light spots exploding? That kid should be deader than dead. Logically speaking, he should have returned to the city to revive, right?"
The crowd was also somewhat puzzled. Why didn't the dreamy light spots of that kid appear after these few slaps? Could it be that this guy was still alive?
"Clap clap clap …"
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
Ji Luoxue lightly slapped the pair of clean, white, jade-like hands, while the giant slapped its own enormous hands.
Ji Luoxue's clear eyes looked through the pale yellow light and sized up the situation in the palms.
As she continued to slap, the soil on the giant palms formed by the pale yellow light gradually scattered, revealing Luo Zheng's figure …
The soil and gravel in the giant palms could help reduce some of the power of Luo Zheng. However, after the soil and gravel scattered, the giant palms actually covered them!
"Clap clap clap …"
However, as Ji Luoxue slapped the palms again and again, the surprise in her clear eyes became more and more intense!
Although Luo Zheng was being slapped up and down by the giant palms, Ji Luoxue clearly saw that Luo Zheng's aura did not weaken in the slightest. She also did not see any injuries on Luo Zheng's body!
This guy … No wonder he could easily kill Niu Jin. His body was actually so strong?
Her beautiful eyebrows slightly furrowed.
Then, she gently raised the fingers of her left hand and bound Luo Zheng to her left hand. Then, she raised her right hand and stretched out her index finger, fiercely pointing it at her palm!
After she did this, Luo Zheng lay in the giant palms. Above his head, the finger of the giant palms contained a terrifying power and pressed down on him.
The power of this finger was extremely concentrated. It was clearly much more terrifying than the two palms slapping just now!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He suddenly raised his fist towards the sky!
Luo Zheng's fist was countless times smaller than the giant's finger. The tip of the giant's finger was several times thicker than Luo Zheng's body …
This scene was extremely shocking!
In front of the giant, Luo Zheng was just a tiny ant. An ant that could be easily crushed with the tip of a finger!

Chapter 1213
"This kid's vitality is really tenacious! After being slapped so many times, an ordinary warrior would have been smashed into meat paste! "
"Maybe he has some protective treasure, but no matter what treasure it is, he shouldn't be able to block this finger!"
"I remember that this is the first time Ji Luoxue used her Five Element Finger Chain … This Five Element Finger Chain is the supreme artifact ranked 230th on the Universal Myriad Spirit Tablet! It's the Ji Family's most precious treasure! "
"This kid still wants to resist … really …"
The warriors on the city wall feasted their eyes at this moment!
The supreme artifacts in the universe were usually controlled by the Realm Lords and Heavenly Venerables …
There were only slightly more than 3,000 supreme artifacts in the entire universe! How could they have the chance to see them normally?
Although many warriors hadn't seen them before, some warriors who were good at studying had more or less heard of them. Some warriors were very clear about the origin of the Five Element Finger Chain.
"This Five Element Finger Chain was made from a five-colored divine stone in the sun. It contains the power of five types of origin laws and contains a unique profundity …"
Just as someone was explaining the origin of the Five Element Finger Chain, the huge finger had already landed with a loud bang!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's fist collided with the huge finger.
In everyone's imagination, Luo Zheng's body would probably be destroyed by this finger because the two were completely disproportionate!
However, under everyone's watchful eyes, the huge finger didn't land on him!
His body was still standing on the palm, and his fist was still raised high!
After the violent sound dissipated, Luo Zheng still didn't move. His gaze was still indifferent, and there was still a faint smile on his face.
However, the huge index finger formed by the law of earth suddenly exploded, turning into fragments of the law of earth that sputtered in all directions.
The huge finger was actually broken by Luo Zheng's fist!
"This … this guy!"
The hundreds of thousands of martial artists watching from above the city walls were all shocked by this scene, unable to utter a single word!
At the same time, a crack appeared on Ji Luoxue's index finger, and a stream of red blood spurted out from the crack.
"So painful …"
The ten fingers connected, and the pain from the fingers was unbearable.
This pain was a piece of cake for most warriors. Even warriors who had just started refining their bodies wouldn't blink if their fingers were broken.
However, Ji Luoxue was born to be afraid of pain, and it had been so since she was young.
Even a small wound on her finger made her cry out in pain. She put her finger in her mouth and instantly sucked the blood clean …
Thus, the light yellow giant that enveloped her also put its hand to its mouth, looking very comical.
At this moment, Luo Zheng broke free from the giant's left hand. His agile figure was like a monkey climbing up a mountain. He began to dash towards Ji Luoxue!
"You …"
Ji Luoxue's brows knit together tightly because Luo Zheng's strength was much more formidable than she'd imagined!
However, she still didn't take it to heart. Facing Luo Zheng, Ji Luoxue wasn't too serious. As she sucked on her finger, she stretched out her other hand and continuously slapped at Luo Zheng.
The huge hand started to block Luo Zheng's advance. With each slap, a huge palm print would appear on the ground, and Luo Zheng's body would constantly tumble within it. He was like a small boat in a huge wave. Occasionally, he would be hit by the wave and disappear, but in an instant, he would emerge from between the fingers …
"Boom … boom …"
With each slap, Luo Zheng moved in and out of the palm, and he was getting closer and closer to Ji Luoxue!
"Whoosh!"
When he was about thirty to forty feet away, Luo Zheng stepped through space and rushed to the foot of the giant!
If he wanted to kill Ji Luoxue, he had to break through the giant's defense …
However, just as Luo Zheng emerged from the spatial crack, Ji Luoxue gently raised her three-inch golden lotus and actually kicked it lightly at Luo Zheng!
Thus, the giant's foot ferociously kicked at Luo Zheng's face!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng didn't expect this move. Unable to dodge in time, he was directly kicked. His entire body was like a rubber ball as he was sent flying by the giant foot!
Ji Luoxue was still sucking on her finger. After seeing Luo Zheng being sent flying by her kick, she pulled out her finger and carefully examined it. She was very concerned about the injury on her finger.
With this kick, Luo Zheng flew more than ten miles away.
However, before he could smash into the ground, Luo Zheng had already stabilized his body. He floated in the air and looked at the huge yellow giant in the distance with a bitter smile.
"It's actually so troublesome just by using the law of earth …" Luo Zheng seemed somewhat helpless.
As soon as this thought appeared, Luo Zheng crushed it in his heart. This bit of difficulty wasn't enough to make Luo Zheng retreat.
"Whoosh —"
His figure once again turned into a long rainbow and shot over!
Seeing Luo Zheng rapidly approaching her, Ji Luoxue finally decided to be serious. She faintly felt a trace of danger in her heart. This kid's strength was indeed worthy of her taking seriously.
At this moment, Ji Luoxue didn't think that she would lose. Although she felt a trace of danger, this sense of danger only made her treat it seriously …
"Let's try again …"
Seeing Luo Zheng rapidly approaching, Ji Luoxue stretched out her hand and lightly plucked at Luo Zheng. She was about to pluck Luo Zheng out of the air!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly waved his hands. A palm-sized seven-colored mountain appeared in front of Luo Zheng and spun non-stop!
"Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, go!"
"Huff … Huff …"
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had been refined by Luo Zheng using a secret technique. Now that it had been summoned by Luo Zheng, it swiftly expanded as it spun, and it transformed into an enormous mountain that pressed down towards the earthen yellow giant!
"This mountain …."
Ji Luoxue was slightly stunned as she gazed at the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
While she was stunned, the enormous Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had already pressed down towards her!
"Bang!"
Ji Luoxue raised her hand with the intention of directly smashing the seven-colored mountain into pieces.
As she swung her fist, the giant clenched his fist at the same time and smashed it forcefully towards the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
The energy of the five elements contained within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was extremely mixed. Because of this, it was very difficult for the enormous Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to react with the energy of other laws. Its body was extremely tough, and ordinary forces were utterly unable to destroy it, let alone the brute force of the giant.
So, merely a rumbling sound resounded, and the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain trembled in midair before continuing to press down towards the giant!
The hardness of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain far surpassed an ordinary mountain, so its weight was naturally countless times heavier than an ordinary mountain!
So, the pressure it exerted upon the giant's shoulder was obvious!
Even Ji Luoxue who was within the giant's body was able to sense the terrifying pressure, and she was actually unable to move at all under the pressure.
Crack! Crack! Crack!
Cracks started to appear on the giant's shoulder, and it probably wouldn't be able to hold on for long before it collapsed on its own.
After the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain pressed down towards the giant, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, and he seized the opportunity to shoot towards Ji Luoxue.
If this move was effective, then he would be able to annihilate her right now. I wonder how many Fantasy Points are hidden within her body ….
However, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to approach her when Ji Luoxue's gaze flashed slightly, and then she flicked the little finger on her right hand lightly. All the Earth Laws dispersed, and the giant formed from the Earth Laws had naturally vanished at this moment as well!
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain that had lost its support directly pressed down towards the ground!
If Ji Luoxue hadn't been able to dodge in time, then she would have probably been crushed beneath the mountain ….
At the instant Ji Luoxue removed the Laws of Earth, she gently pressed her right thumb, and a faint golden gust of wind swept out from the ring on her thumb. With a gentle gust of wind, Ji Luoxue vanished from where she stood.
At this moment, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain pressed down heavily, and it only stopped after sinking a few hundred meters into the ground.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
The light golden wind swept Ji Luoxue away, but it swept her lightly once more, and then her figure appeared at the peak of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
The aftershock of their battle caused turbulence to sweep up, and it caused the wind in the surroundings to blow madly ….
The ivory-white streamers behind her were fluttering wildly in the wind, making loud noises.

Chapter 1214
The sudden appearance of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain pressing down was indeed beyond Ji Luoxue's expectations!
She wasn't the only one. All the spectating cultivators on the city wall gasped when they saw this shocking scene!
"Where did this kid move the mountain from!"
"It almost crushed Ji Luoxue … This mountain crushed the earth elemental power!"
"I can carry an ordinary mountain, but this mountain's weight isn't ordinary!"
"Look at the multicolored light on this mountain and the five elements aura. It seems to be the legendary Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!"
Many cultivators didn't expect that Luo Zheng would use such a barbaric method to break Ji Luoxue's earth element power …
Ji Luoxue floated in the air and looked down at the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. Ripples seemed to appear in her clear eyes as they flickered incessantly!
"This is the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. You actually refined it alone!"
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent when he heard Ji Luoxue's words. Although he had refined this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain for a long time, he rarely used it against enemies. He didn't know why Ji Luoxue was so surprised.
"So what if I refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
The method to refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain was something Luo Zheng had found from the Ten Thousand Wonders.
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain's five elements were heterogeneous. No matter which law was used, it couldn't be refined …
Some cultivators in the Upper Realm had refined large mountains before. They could refine ordinary mountains and use the earth element law to collect them. Ordinary mountains couldn't be considered sturdy and were even more of a joke when used against enemies. How difficult would it be for a Divine Ocean cultivator to split open a mountain? Only a sturdy mountain like the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could be used against enemies. However, since ancient times, how many people had been able to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain?
However, the blood refining technique in the Thousand Wonders had a miraculous effect on the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Luo Zheng was able to find the blood refining technique in the library because he owned this immortal abode. However, he didn't know that this technique wasn't circulated in the Upper Realm.
Ji Luoxue possessed the Five Elements Bracelet. She cultivated the cultivation method of the Five Elements, so she was extremely familiar with the Divine Essencefused Mountain. This mountain was able to evenly mix the Laws of the Five Elements together. It was also a wondrous object in the universe.
Cultivation of the five elements was to completely fuse the five types of Source Laws and transform them into Dao Arts of the five elements. This was a method to enter the Divine Dao, the Five Elements Divine Dao!
................... There were countless cultivators in the Soul Transformation stage.................. realm..
The lifespan of the trillions of creatures in the world would eventually come to an end. Even for a Celestial Venerable powerhouse, after receiving the Mandate of Heaven, their lifespan would be around 300 million years, which was less than one-tenth of an era. Even if a Celestial Venerable used all kinds of methods to avoid the descent of the Five Decay of Celestial Beings, they would still fall in the end.
It could be said that in this universe, the greatest enemy of all living beings was not a certain opponent, but themselves and time!
. There would be a day when the end of one's life would come.
Someone once said that the Five Elements Cultivation Technique was the name of a sword. This sword always floated above everyone's head. When the time was right, this sword would take the lives of many experts. No one could avoid the power of this sword. This sword was forged by the Heavenly Dao. It stood at the highest point among the many karmic laws in the universe. It was a supreme law that couldn't be violated!
But if one could surpass the Heavenly Dao and enter the Divine Dao, they could escape the fate of the Five Elements Cultivation Technique. They could escape the sword of death hanging above their heads and obtain eternal life!
The Ji Family had Ji Luoxue cultivate the Five Elements Cultivation Technique for the same reason. They hoped that she would continue on the Five Elements Divine Dao and eventually become an existence that could surpass the Heavenly Dao and become a True God.
Ji Luoxue cultivated the Five Elements Cultivation Technique to enter the Divine Dao. If she went through the Soul Transformation stage and became a Realm Lord, she might be able to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. After refining it, she would be able to extract the magnetic force within and continue refining her Five Elements Cultivation Technique.
In fact, the Ji Family had already reserved a Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain for Ji Luoxue.
This Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was very rare in the Upper Realm. The Ji Family had paid a great price to obtain this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. However, she was a genius of the Ji Family. This price was nothing!
The Divine Essencefused Mountain was slightly smaller than the Divine Essencefused Mountain that Luo Zheng had summoned. Ji Luoxue had been cultivating within the Divine Essencefused Mountain before he entered the Illusory Battlefield!
With Ji Luoxue's current strength, she could shatter a small piece of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain with a single palm strike. It was almost impossible for other Divine Sea Realm warriors to do so. Even Luo Zheng found it difficult to shatter a piece of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
This was because Ji Luoxue could split a portion of the magnetic force within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and classify the Five Elements Cultivation Technique. However, she was far from qualified to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
Luo Zheng had never cultivated the Five Elements Cultivation Technique.
Yet, he had refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
How could Ji Luoxue not be shocked?
The size of the Divine Essencefused Mountain could change at will, and Luo Zheng could control it with ease. He had completely refined the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
Perhaps even the Ji Family's ancestor, who was half a step into the Five Elements Divine Dao, was unable to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to such an extent.
However, Ji Luoxue could also see that although Luo Zheng had refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he didn't seem to know how to control the magnetic force within the mountain. He had summoned the mountain only to smash her … Ji Luoxue didn't know what to say about Luo Zheng's actions!
Luo Zheng couldn't be blamed for this.
Back then, Luo Zheng had found a book called "Ten Thousand Wonders of Nature" in the library. It wasn't a cultivation method, but it explained the method of blood refining in detail. However, it didn't tell Luo Zheng how to use the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Thus, up until now, Luo Zheng had only used the mountain to smash people!
This method of "smashing" might be clumsy, but its actual might couldn't be underestimated. Even if Ji Luoxue was smashed at the foot of the mountain, she probably wouldn't be able to survive.
"You … What method did you use to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain?"
Ji Luoxue's heart started to beat violently when she heard Luo Zheng's words!
Even though she was indifferent by nature, she couldn't suppress her excitement at this moment!
As a genius of the Ji Family, she had too many responsibilities on her shoulders. If she could refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, it would be immeasurably beneficial to her cultivation of the five elements!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Why should I tell you?"
Ji Luoxue frowned slightly at Luo Zheng's words. "If you're willing to teach me this refining method, I can let you go!"
"Let me go?" The smile on Luo Zheng's face widened. "Are you sure you're a match for me?"
Ji Luoxue's heart was slightly stirred by Luo Zheng's burning gaze. This guy … has the confidence to defeat me?
Even though the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain destroyed my earth element power, Ji Luoxue didn't care.
This young man's strength was not bad, but it was absolutely impossible for him to defeat me! Therefore, Ji Luoxue was curious. Where did this guy get his confidence from?
However, Ji Luoxue didn't argue with Luo Zheng on this issue. "You can state other conditions. My Ji Family will do our best to satisfy you! I'm not talking about the Illusory Battlefield, but the outside world! "
Gods Without Intentions was one of the three major human factions, and the Ji Family was the third. Not to mention a Divine Ocean Realm martial artist, the Ji Family was a colossus even compared to many races in the Upper Realm!
In Ji Luoxue's opinion, the Ji Family could easily satisfy any request of the young man surnamed Luo.
"Conditions …" Luo Zheng stared at Ji Luoxue with a smile. "I don't think we should set these conditions. At least it's better for us to compete!"
As he spoke, the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword was placed horizontally in front of Luo Zheng's chest again. The smile on his face disappeared and was replaced by an extremely serious expression.
He didn't care about the Ji Family.
Luo Zheng could also teach her the blood refinement technique.
[Ten Thousand Wonders of Nature] was his master's handwritten notes. It recorded all sorts of strange things and also mentioned the blood refinement method. It wasn't anything important.
However, Luo Zheng didn't like this girl's high and mighty attitude!
His goal in staying in this main city was to take away Ji Luoxue's fantasy points. In the end, she said that she would spare his life for the blood refinement technique. How could Luo Zheng agree?
When she saw Luo Zheng's actions, the trace of turbidity in Ji Luoxue's clear eyes ceaselessly revolved, and she muttered in a low voice, "Looks like only by letting you understand the gap between us can you learn to accept your fate …"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1215
Ji Luoxue raised her wrist again. She waved her hand lightly in the air, and the thin chains hung down from the gaps between her fingers.
"Metal Element Power!"
The ring on her ring finger emitted a faint golden light that condensed into a golden sword!
However, the golden sword didn't have a fixed shape. The diamond-shaped golden light was bound in Ji Luoxue's hand. The golden light was like a snake, constantly swallowing and spitting!
Ji Luoxue made a decision in an instant!
She could tell that Luo Zheng wasn't someone who would admit defeat easily. Only by defeating him could she make him realize the difference between them and reality.
Once she made this decision, Ji Luoxue didn't hesitate anymore. She would kill him once. If she angered him, she would just compensate him with 500,000 fantasy points!
Whoosh!
A golden wind swept out. Ji Luoxue's figure entered the golden wind and instantly disappeared before everyone's eyes.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over the area. His eyes narrowed slightly, and he flew backward!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The moment Luo Zheng flew backward, golden swords fell from the sky like a golden rainstorm.
Every time the golden sword fell, it would leave a bottomless hole in the ground. In the blink of an eye, the open space was filled with small holes, and it looked like a mess!
The golden sword rain covered a huge area. No matter how fast Luo Zheng retreated, he couldn't rush out of the sword rain in time …
However, the number of golden swords was too great. Even if Luo Zheng managed to dodge them in time, he was unable to dodge all of the golden swords!
Pfft!
As Luo Zheng dodged, a golden sword stabbed into Luo Zheng's collarbone!
If it were any other cultivator, this golden sword would be enough to completely penetrate their body and sink into the ground.
However, when this sword stabbed into Luo Zheng's body, it only cut through his skin. The tip of the golden sword was embedded in his shoulder blade!
The onlookers on the city wall sighed at Luo Zheng's tyrannical body, but Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. He was surprised that the penetrative power of the golden sword was so strong.
The golden sword had only been summoned by Ji Luoxue through one of the rings in the Five Elements Bracelet. It could be considered as a profundity of the Laws of Metal. Putting aside how powerful the golden sword in Ji Luoxue's hand was, how could the rain of golden swords that filled the sky be able to break through his God Artifact?
"Sou!"
Ji Luoxue's figure floated in the distance. Her clear and cold eyes stared at the rapidly flickering Luo Zheng as she calmly said, "If you can't hold on any longer, you can fly back to the main city. I can discuss … conditions with you!"
For ordinary martial artists, cooperating with the Ji Family was an excellent opportunity. It could indeed be considered a blessing. However, how could Luo Zheng's goal be limited to this?
"Ji Luoxue already said to let that brat raise the conditions himself, but he actually refused!"
"I've never seen such a stupid person! That's the Ji Family, a large family clan that can influence the entire Deities Without Intent. If he were to be guided by the Ji Family's Heavenly Venerables, he would be able to avoid many detours in his life! "
"There are some people in this world who just can't think straight. I don't understand what this fellow is thinking. Anyway, he is no match for Ji Luoxue. Why struggle so bitterly?"
Many martial artists couldn't help but shake their heads when they saw Luo Zheng's slightly wretched appearance.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng didn't know how to appreciate favors.
Some people even suspected that Luo Zheng had displayed his strength in order to obtain more from the Ji Family. This brat would ultimately be subdued by Ji Luoxue!
"Pfft!"
Another golden sword fell and pierced through Luo Zheng's thigh, leaving a bloody hole on the side of his thigh bone!
Fresh blood flowed down his right shoulder and left leg, making Luo Zheng look somewhat wretched.
Although he looked wretched, this small injury had almost no effect on Luo Zheng …
He also sighed in his heart. The strength of a genius was indeed extraordinary!
At this moment, Luo Zheng inexplicably thought of Ai Anxin. Although Ai Anxin's strength was not bad six years ago, compared to Luo Zheng, there was still a large gap. However, at that time, Ai Anxin had just entered the Divine Sea Realm like him. Now that six years had passed, he didn't know if Ai Anxin had entered the Illusory Battlefield. She also had the fate of Battle of the Ages. Compared to Ji Luoxue, who was stronger and who was weaker?
"The condition …"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly, then grinned at Ji Luoxue above him. His figure suddenly disappeared from where he was as he crossed space and headed straight for her!
However, just as he entered the space, he saw Ji Luoxue stretch out her hand and gently wave it. The space below her twisted in an instant. Luo Zheng's figure had just appeared when he found himself back in the same place.
At Ji Luoxue's level, the Law of Time and the Law of Space were essential. The moment Luo Zheng used the Law of Space to cross space, Ji Luoxue waved her hand and twisted the space he crossed. This way, Luo Zheng naturally appeared in the same place after crossing space.
Luo Zheng's move was not effective against Ji Luoxue!
Not to mention Ji Luoxue, Luo Zheng also suffered a great loss when crossing space when facing Niu Jin, let alone Ji Luoxue.
"Accept your fate. Let's have a good talk," Ji Luoxue said expressionlessly. "Although the strength of your body is comparable to a divine artifact, it can't withstand my Dazzling Golden Rain …"
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear. If he accepted his fate when facing Ji Luoxue now, then there was no need to continue on the Illusory Battlefield. He could just leave the Illusory Battlefield directly.
"It's hard to get close to this woman …"
Luo Zheng frowned. It was indeed difficult for him to break through the sharp golden sword rain.
When the Law of Space was broken, wisps of white mist appeared on Luo Zheng's body again!
"Eight Twists Smoke!"
This Eight Twists Smoke did not rely on the power of laws to execute, so it was not restrained by Ji Luoxue's Five Elements Finger Chain.
After executing the Eight Twists Smoke, Luo Zheng's voice was as light as a willow catkin. Any energy fluctuation could push his body away.
In the eyes of others, Luo Zheng's movement technique became extremely agile at this moment. He shuttled through the golden sword rain like flowing water, as if the golden sword rain could no longer hit Luo Zheng!
"What movement technique is this?"
Ji Luoxue saw that Luo Zheng was like a loach as he constantly twisted his body within the rain of golden swords, and he seemed to be able to dodge the dense rain of swords with ease! More importantly, Ji Luoxue could not see through this movement technique at all. What was going on?
At this moment, Ji Luoxue finally understood that this person was not as simple as she had imagined. He must be someone with a great background!
However, among the three major factions of the human race, the prodigies of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region were all monks. She knew all the prodigies of the Gods Without Thought. There was no one named Luo Tianxing among the prodigies of the Human Dao Alliance. Where did he come from?
Because Luo Zheng had activated the Eight Twists Smoke, the battle had temporarily entered a stalemate!
However, even a stalemate was extremely pleasing to watch. Luo Zheng's figure shuttling through the golden sword rain made many cultivators on the city wall gasp in amazement!
There were even some cultivators whose eyes shone brightly. They wanted to find a trace of mystery in Luo Zheng's movement technique and comprehend it …
However, the principle of the Eight Twists Smoke was to go with the flow. There was no mystery or pattern to it at all. It was impossible to see through it just based on Luo Zheng's drifting movement technique.
"This guy …"
At this moment, Ji Luoxue could no longer hold back.
However, she did not believe that she could not do anything to this guy …
At this thought, Ji Luoxue was once again blown away by a golden wind and dissipated on the spot.
"It's coming!"
Luo Zheng had been drifting in the golden sword rain for a long time. He had been waiting for this moment!
As the golden wind flickered, Ji Luoxue suddenly appeared behind Luo Zheng. The golden light in her hand suddenly spat out and extended into a three-meter-long golden sword that pierced toward Luo Zheng!
At this moment, it was as if Luo Zheng had grown a pair of eyes on his back. His body began to flutter in a spiral shape, spiraling upwards along the extended golden sword. In the process of spiraling upwards, he maintained a distance of three inches away from the ten feet long golden sword!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already spiraled in front of Ji Luoxue. The Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in his hand flashed with blue light as it slashed toward Ji Luoxue's face!
Since the two of them had started fighting, this was the closest they had ever been to each other!

Chapter 1216
To measure a martial artist's strength, from a macroscopic perspective, it was aura and might.
But from a microscopic perspective, it was the control of strength and speed. This was called Minute Subtlety.
When a martial artist placed a bird in his hand, just as the bird was about to fly away, he would move his hand slightly downwards. The bird would be unable to use its legs to kick and would fall back into the martial artist's hand. This was a manifestation of a martial artist's Minute Subtlety.
However, this method wasn't very advanced. Initial stage martial artists could grasp it. It was commonly known as the "Stopping Bird Technique." In other words, the bird would stop in one's hand and be unable to fly away …
Some superior martial artists could even place a bird on their head, shoulders, or chest. They could still stop the bird and prevent it from flying away.
Furthermore, not only could they stop the bird, but they could also stop flies and mosquitoes …
Mosquitoes and flies were extremely small. To sense the moment they took off and remove the force supporting them was countless times more difficult than stopping the bird.
However, compared to what Luo Zheng was doing now, this was merely a small trick.
Previously, when she was looking down at Luo Zheng from high up in the sky, she saw that Luo Zheng's movement technique gave off a slippery feeling as he casually shuttled through the golden sword rain. She had already sensed that his movement technique was extremely special.
Now, her sword suddenly pierced towards Luo Zheng. Only now did she discover the mystery behind it. This fellow maintained a distance of three inches from the descending golden sword rain and coiled around her sword. He was also three inches away, not an inch less, not an inch more. Not only had his control of strength reached the pinnacle, his control of speed had also reached the pinnacle …
To be able to control Minute Subtlety to such a degree, she, Ji Luoxue, had practically never heard of anyone!
How did this fellow do it?
Through this strange movement technique of Luo Zheng's, Ji Luoxue finally took Luo Zheng seriously for the first time and viewed him as a worthy opponent!
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng didn't give Ji Luoxue too much time to consider. After he shot backwards, the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword slashed towards Ji Luoxue …
Facing Luo Zheng's sword, Ji Luoxue actually didn't dodge!
All of her attention was focused on Luo Zheng's movement technique. She wanted to know what method Luo Zheng had used to be able to control the distance so precisely!
When the blue sword light arrived, Ji Luoxue suddenly raised his right hand and pinched towards Luo Zheng's sword!
"Whoosh!"
Although the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword was sharp, Ji Luoxue wore the Five Elements Finger Chain on her right hand. This thin chain connected her five fingers and formed a layer of protection.
Therefore, when she stretched out her hand, she actually used the finger chain in her hand to firmly hold the sword in her hand.
Among those of the same level, Luo Zheng had always been the one to pinch the swords of others. This Ji Luoxue was probably the first to pinch his own sword.
When Ji Luoxue grabbed Luo Zheng's sword, the five rings on her right hand all shone with a strange light. The light was very similar to the color of the Divine Origin Mountain. It was the power formed after the five origin laws fused together.
However, Ji Luoxue's cultivation level was insufficient, so the degree of fusion naturally couldn't compare to the Divine Origin Mountain!
Even so, the Five Elements power was already extremely powerful. In her opinion, Luo Zheng had no chance of escaping now that she had pinched his sword …
However, in the next moment, Ji Luoxue's cold eyes suddenly flashed with astonishment!
She felt the power on the sword increasing explosively! Was this power coming from Luo Zheng? The increase in power was actually so great!
The dragon scales were lighting up one by one …
The tide-like power also rapidly surged into the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword!
Originally, Ji Luoxue had the absolute upper hand with the help of the Five Elements power in the finger chain. She originally wanted to tell Luo Zheng to stop here. You're already very outstanding to be able to force out my Five Elements power!
After all, Ji Luoxue's Five Elements power was prepared to be left for the other prodigies in the Illusory Battlefield.
However, the power transmitted from the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword forcefully suppressed the words Ji Luoxue originally wanted to say!
This Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword, which was only four inches wide and four feet long, contained power comparable to the weight of a star …
Under the suppression of this power, Ji Luoxue sank down inch by inch. Luo Zheng gripped his sword tightly and looked down at her indifferently …
Among cultivators of the same level, only Ji Luoxue could look down on others. Now that she was looking up at Luo Zheng, a trace of stubbornness finally surfaced on her originally cold face.
Ji Luoxue's personality seemed to dislike competing with others, but that was because there were too few people who had the strength to compete with her …
She was a prodigy of the Ji Family, and her status was extraordinary. What could others use to compete with her?
Feeling indignant, the sea of vital essence in Ji Luoxue's inner world also started to roar wildly! Huge tsunamis formed by True Essence surged in her Divine Sea like mountains and seas were overturning.
A vortex appeared amidst this churning!
There was a limit to the speed at which vital essence could be extracted!
Therefore, when cultivators used powerful moves that consumed too much vital essence, they needed to prepare for a period of time, or even a relatively long period of time.
However, Ji Luoxue's inner world was somewhat different. Her Divine Ocean was extremely special and could empty out all the vital essence in a short period of time …
This Divine Ocean was called the Sea of Moon Tide. Among the billions of Divine Ocean Realm cultivators, she was the only one who possessed the Sea of Moon Tide!
The vital essence in her inner world turned into a huge vortex that was extracted from Ji Luoxue's body and poured into her Five Element Chain. The five rings all flashed with a resplendent light. She never relaxed her grip on Luo Zheng's sword for a moment!
Since it was a competition of strength, although Ji Luoxue was a woman, she would definitely not lose to a man!
With the support of this majestic power of the Five Elements, Ji Luoxue gradually gained the upper hand. Her figure rose higher and higher, gradually surpassing Luo Zheng.
However, she held the upper hand for less than a breath's time!
Her eyes widened slightly. She felt the power transmitted from the sword increase dramatically again!
What was the limit of this fellow's strength? His strength could actually double …
Previously, Luo Zheng had only used the power of 6,000 dragon scales!
After sensing the majestic power of the Five Elements from Ji Luoxue, Luo Zheng activated the power of 6,000 dragon scales again. In other words, 12,000 dragon scales were lit up. Luo Zheng's strength doubled in an instant!
What Ji Luoxue did not know was that Luo Zheng could even double his strength again …
In the past few years, Luo Zheng had once again refined some Divine Artifacts that he did not need. He had even refined several Divine Artifacts and obtained a considerable amount of Sky Amplification Essence.
Now, Luo Zheng had lit up almost 40,000 dragon scales!
This was also because Luo Zheng did not have enough Sky Amplification Essence. After experimenting, Luo Zheng also discovered that his Divine Artifact Body could easily withstand 40,000 dragon scales.
The only problem was that he did not have enough Sky Amplification Essence.
After entering the Upper Realm, he had almost no time to rest. Naturally, he did not have time to buy Divine Artifacts or Divine Artifacts. It was a pity.
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to ask Refined Shenzi to refine some weapons so that he could refine them.
However, Refined Shenzi had been immersed in refining weapons all this while while he was wholeheartedly focused on forging the sword embryo … In the past few years, Refined Shenzi had almost never left the weapons workshop!
In the face of Luo Zheng's doubled strength, Ji Luoxue's figure fell again …
This time, Ji Luoxue understood that it was indeed foolish to compete with Luo Zheng in terms of strength. What was even more troublesome was that the vital essence in her body had been completely depleted. As the enormous vortex in her inner world absorbed vital essence, more than 99% of her vital essence sea had been depleted!
"It should be over, right?"
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. A strand of extremely lively sword intent suddenly brewed within the Thunderwind Dark Sword. This strand of sword intent had just taken form when it shot towards Ji Luoxue along the blade of the sword!
If Ji Luoxue was hit by this sword intent, her head would definitely be separated from her body, and she would be resurrected in the main city …
It was not that Luo Zheng did not have protective feelings for the fairer sex, but in order to obtain Fantasy Points, Luo Zheng had no other choice but to kill her!
"Hmph!"
However, Ji Luoxue snorted coldly. Before Luo Zheng's sword intent could shoot out, a golden wind swept over, and her figure disappeared again in front of Luo Zheng.
This speed was something that even Luo Zheng could not catch up to!
After Ji Luoxue steadied herself, she lightly slapped her wrist and took out dozens of Zhen Yuanyu. The moment she took them out, she crushed them. Dense vital essence escaped from the crushed Zhen Yuanyu and turned into white mist that was rapidly absorbed by her, rapidly replenishing the vital essence in her body.

Chapter 1217
Normally, a Divine Sea Realm warrior only needed three pieces of Zhen Yuanyu to replenish a Divine Sea Realm warrior's Divine Sea!
However, Ji Luoxue was the pride of the Ji Family. When she first opened up this Divine Sea, it was the Ji Family's ancestor who helped her expand her Divine Sea by more than three times!
This was because cultivating the Divine Way of the Five Elements and combining the power of the Five Elements consumed more True Origin than others.
From this point of view, Luo Zheng's Chaotic Divine Sea was suitable for cultivating the Divine Way of the Five Elements. After all, the Chaotic Qi in his body was much more condensed than an ordinary True Origin Sea.
In one breath, Ji Luoxue crushed ten pieces of Zhen Yuanyu!
After absorbing the rich True Essence, an unprecedented rainstorm descended in Ji Luoxue's inner world. The Divine Sea, which was originally on the verge of drying up, was now surging with waves …
As she absorbed the True Origin, Ji Luoxue stared at Luo Zheng in astonishment. There was a hint of uneasiness in her eyes.
How could this guy's strength be so terrifying?
Ji Luoxue had seen people with innate strength before. Niu Jin was one of them!
Niu Jin's father, Niu Liyan, was also born with innate strength. He was a cultivator of the Barbarian World and had the cultivation of a Sector Lord. He was also somewhat famous in Deities Without Thoughts.
The so-called cultivators of the Barbarian World believed in physical strength and used all means to fight for their own strength!
They believed that when their strength reached a terrifying level, they could rely on pure strength to shatter the void, destroy the Heavenly Dao, and cultivate into a Mighty God …
This was the so-called "Barbarian God" …
It was still a question whether there was a Barbarian God in the world. At least in this cycle of evolution, no one had cultivated their strength to such a level.
However, there were so many warriors in the world, and each of them cultivated in a different direction. There was no right or wrong!
Even though this so-called "Divine Way of Strength" had yet to be proven, there was still a group of warriors who believed in strength and walked on this path until death.
Niu Jin was one of Niu Liyan's successors. Naturally, he would choose this path!
In the Divine Sea Realm, Niu Jin's strength was unmatched. In the outside world, Ji Luoxue had never seen a Divine Sea Realm warrior with greater strength than Niu Jin …
No wonder this person could kill Jia Fan and Niu Jin consecutively …
This young man possessed such godly strength. With just his own strength, Jia Fan and Niu Jin were no match for him!
As for the battle between the two of them just now, although the group of outsiders could only watch the show, there were still some martial artists with unique insight among them.
"It should be Ji Luoxue who was at a disadvantage when the two of them competed just now!"
"She used the power of the five elements. What kind of power did that young man use? I didn't sense True Origin in his body … "
"If I'm right," Liyan's father's's, and Vital Spirit's's Qi, and Vital Essence! "
Of the Luo Zheng of Qi of the Qi Luo Luo Sect, Luoxue of Qi's ….
"of course! How can pure physical strength have such an effect? "
"Luo Zheng …."
As for whether or not Luo Zheng had utilized the strength of his physical body, many martial artists had different opinions. However, there was one thing that they were certain of, and that was that Ji Luoxue had indeed suffered a loss in the exchange of strength between the two of them!
This could be seen from the expression on their faces after they parted.
Ji Luoxue's face was still cold and beautiful, but after she steadied herself, she crushed 10 Zhen Yuanyu to replenish her True Origin. She was thinking about all kinds of things. Obviously, she was afraid of Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng, on the other hand ….
He didn't move at all!
Luo Zheng was still standing on the spot with a faintly discernible smile on his face. He seemed to be at ease.
The warriors on the city wall couldn't figure it out. They didn't see this guy use any magic, so how could he force Ji Luoxue to retreat?
Earlier, when Luo Zheng utilized the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he'd asked Ji Luoxue to transform into a golden wind and retreat. Now, it was already the second time!
Could it be that this fellow's strength is above Ji Luoxue?
There weren't many people in the younger generation who could be called Heaven's Chosen. First of all, a Heaven's Chosen had to have the fate of a Battle of the Worlds. Only with this fate could they bear the greatest burden when facing the Heavenly Tribulation!
But the universe was so big, and the absolute number of participants in the Battle of the Worlds was in the tens of thousands. These were all seeds planted by the Heavenly Dao, and not every seed could grow healthily. Only those who grew the best and absorbed the most nutrients in the Battle of the Worlds were qualified to become Heaven's Chosen!
Where did this young man pop out from?
Most of the Martial Warriors present came from the "Gods No Thought". As for the geniuses in the "Gods No Thought", they could call out their names with their eyes closed. They also had a rough idea of their divine abilities and appearances.
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan ….
In short, the young man in front of him was definitely not from Gods Without Thought. Even if he really came from Gods Without Thought, he could only be a powerful figure who suddenly appeared in a small corner. After all, there was no such person among the few experts of the younger generation.
Luo Zheng gave Ji Luoxue sufficient time to allow her to fully recover her True Essence. He didn't take advantage of Ji Luoxue's True Essence exhaustion to attack.
Perhaps Ji Luoxue was a little difficult to deal with for Luo Zheng, but he believed that he could only win in the end! So long as she didn't flee back to the main city … According to Luo Zheng's observation of this woman's personality, she shouldn't go so far as to hide in the main city. This was inconsistent with her Dao Heart.
The unprecedented True Essence storm in Ji Luoxue's body lasted for an entire 15 minutes before it finally stopped, and the entire True Essence sea slowly returned to calm.
Earlier, Ji Luoxue wanted to use her cultivation and strength to suppress Luo Zheng. Never had she imagined that she would be at a disadvantage!
But this didn't mean that she didn't have the strength to fight Luo Zheng. On the contrary, she wasn't truly adept at fighting head-on.
At this moment, Ji Luoxue's attitude towards Luo Zheng was extremely serious. She stood on her tiptoes lightly, and her crescent moon embroidered shoes emanated a trace of faint light at this moment …
The crescent moon embroidered shoes looked like an ordinary cloth shoe, but when Ji Luoxue wore them, they seemed to be exquisite and small.
As the light flickered, the crescent moon on her shoes started to spread towards the tip of her feet, and it quickly transformed into a sharp crescent moon!
Ji Luoxue smiled lightly at Luo Zheng, and then she crossed her jade arms lightly, causing the golden wind to sweep her up lightly, causing her figure to vanish from everyone's fields of vision …
The vigilance in Luo Zheng's heart rose greatly when he saw the crescent moon!
He was confident in his ability to defeat Ji Luoxue, but she wasn't like Niu Jin, the blue clothed cultivator, Long Qin, and the others from before!
Luo Zheng could easily defeat those opponents …
But when facing Ji Luoxue, the slightest carelessness would probably cause him to lose!
So at the instant that Ji Luoxue vanished on the crescent moon, a strand of white mist appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body!
"Eight Winding Smoke!"
And at the instant that Luo Zheng activated the Eight Winding Smoke, he saw Ji Luoxue. Their faces were only a foot apart, and with the help of the golden wind, Ji Luoxue arrived in front of Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. However, at this moment, she was standing upside down, and the trace of turbidity in her right eye had transformed into intense killing intent!
"Whoosh!"
She stood upside down, and her entire body spun 180 degrees. The crescent moon on her feet drew a semicircle in the air before it slashed down!
It took a while to describe, but it was already extremely fast!
From the moment that Luo Zheng executed the Eight Winding Smoke to the moment that Ji Luoxue kicked the crescent moon towards him, it was merely the blink of an eye.
Even the spectators on the city wall didn't react in time. Their gazes were locked onto Ji Luoxue for a breath, but in the next breath, they discovered that Ji Luoxue was already close to Luo Zheng, and it was too much for their eyes to take in.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng activated the Eight Winding Smoke at the first moment …
His figure had flown backwards the moment Ji Luoxue kicked out the crescent moon!
But this time, the Eight Winding Smoke's reaction was a bit slower!
Originally, the Eight Winding Smoke's magic could allow Luo Zheng to dodge the opponent's attack. The stronger and faster the attack, the faster Luo Zheng could dodge!
He could always maintain a distance of three inches!
So when faced with an arrow shot by a demon warrior in the wilderness, Luo Zheng's body would always maintain a distance of three inches from the arrowhead, and he would be pushed back.
But Ji Luoxue floated over with the golden wind, and the crescent moon slashed down, exceeding the speed limit of the Eight Winding Smoke. The sharp crescent moon crossed the distance of three inches and cut towards Luo Zheng's cheek!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1218
At the same time, Luo Zheng's entire body fell backwards!
At practically the instant he fell backwards, the crescent moon directly brushed past Luo Zheng's cheek, leaving behind a bloody scar that was several inches long!
This was practically Luo Zheng's acute reaction to approaching danger, and it was precisely this action that allowed Luo Zheng to avoid this calamity.
If he hadn't fallen backwards, Ji Luoxue's kick would probably have directly crushed Luo Zheng's head with the crescent moon …
"Whoosh whoosh …"
The two of them flipped in the air!
Ji Luoxue snorted coldly when she saw that such a fierce attack hadn't succeeded. With a sweep of the golden wind, her figure dissipated once more, and she pulled several hundred feet away from Luo Zheng to stand on the peak of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
This fellow's reaction is really …
In the eyes of bystanders, Ji Luoxue launching an attack right after recovering could be said to be hasty!
However, she clearly knew that this move had been executed to the pinnacle no matter if it was the timing or the choice of angle. If one was caught off guard, there was simply no way to avoid it. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng was still able to dodge it.
As for Luo Zheng, he was rather speechless as he gazed at the small embroidered shoes on Ji Luoxue's feet and the crescent moon below.
This woman really has a lot of tricks up her sleeve!
Even a pair of embroidered shoes hides such fierce killing intent.
Are all female cultivators in the higher realms like this? Ji Luoxue is like this, and so is Ai Anxin. She has an endless stream of tricks up her sleeves, and every single one of them is a great killing weapon when used by an ordinary cultivator.
Just as he was feeling helpless in his heart, another golden light flashed from Ji Luoxue's body, who stood on the peak of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
It's coming again …
Luo Zheng's figure flipped in the air again, and at the same time, he drew in chaotic energy to circulate his cultivation technique. The amount of white mist condensed on the surface of Luo Zheng's body increased.
Even though Luo Zheng had circulated the Eight Directional Smokes to the limit, the speed of her crescent moon was even faster, and it easily crossed the three inches distance between them and once again cut towards Luo Zheng!
"Pu!"
This time, Luo Zheng still wasn't able to completely avoid Ji Luoxue's kick, and the crescent moon moon directly cut open the flesh on his upper arm!
"Now!"
He already knew that he was unable to dodge, so he twisted his body and used his left arm to block. At the instant his arm was sliced apart, his right hand had already swiftly stretched out and grabbed towards Ji Luoxue's leg.
Luo Zheng had to pay the price of an arm to restrain this woman and kill her. This was his chance to win!
However, just as his fingers touched the back of Ji Luoxue's foot, before he could fully grasp it, a golden wind flashed past, and he felt his hand become empty!
Ji Luoxue's figure vanished once more before Luo Zheng, and she returned to the peak of the Divine Origin Mountain. Even though her attack had succeeded, there was an unnatural expression on her face. Earlier, Luo Zheng had almost grabbed her leg ….
That unnatural expression remained on her face for only a moment!
After dissipating in an instant, the golden wind flashed, and she actually attacked Luo Zheng again without any pause!
She knew that with her speed, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to catch her. As long as she maintained this momentum, this person would eventually lose to her. Therefore, she was unwilling to give Luo Zheng any time!
"Sou!"
"Pu!"
Every time Ji Luoxue flashed over, a deep bloody wound would bloom on Luo Zheng's body!
The problem Luo Zheng faced now was almost the same as when he encountered the Sky Reach Rats that day. The problem was that those Sky Reach Rats were relatively stupid, and the damage they caused to Luo Zheng was far inferior to Ji Luoxue's ….
It was obviously impossible to trap Ji Luoxue with the Heavenly Calamity Annihilation!
Luo Zheng's mind was spinning swiftly as he endured Ji Luoxue's attacks. If he was unable to resolve this situation, then his defeat was only a matter of time!
"Pu …."
"Pu …."
Numerous flowers of blood sprayed out ….
"Hehe, Ji Luoxue has really become serious. Her attacks are like flowing water, and they come wave after wave, causing one to have no chance to catch his breath at all!"
"With her strength, she's probably even able to easily annihilate a martial artist at the intermediate stage of the Divine Peak Realm, right?"
"I knew it, a genius is a genius, how could she be defeated by this kid? And … this is only half of Ji Luoxue's strength, right? I heard that Black Snow has also entered the Illusory Battlefield. She actually entered the Illusory Battlefield with two identities at the same time. I wonder if they'll merge into one in the battlefield? "
"…."
Ji Luoxue's attacks were becoming more and more practiced, and also more and more ferocious!
Now, she was specifically targeting Luo Zheng's vital points to attack, and every attack could kill Luo Zheng.
It was also because Luo Zheng's judgment of danger was incomparably accurate that he could always avoid the most serious injuries at the crucial moment, but the wounds on his body were still increasing continuously!
"Die …."
Another gust of golden wind swept over!
A trace of a smile that contained a hint of killing intent had already appeared on Ji Luoxue's face.
She had caught an unexpected flaw in Luo Zheng's defense. After this attack, she would be able to end his life!
She couldn't help but sigh in her heart when she had to drag out the battle with a nameless person for so long, and even had to use the Crescent Moon Blade. This universe was truly miraculous. A nameless person with such strength could appear with just a slight carelessness. Previously, she had underestimated the difficulty of the Illusory Battlefield.
However ….
She had missed Luo Zheng with this attack.
This flaw was intentionally exposed by Luo Zheng.
It didn't matter if it missed. In Ji Luoxue's eyes, this little trick could be considered boring ….
Because Luo Zheng was destined to be unable to catch her. At worst, she could just repeat it a few more times. With a flash of the golden wind, she planned to once again distance herself from Luo Zheng.
But at this moment, a shackle appeared in Luo Zheng's hand!
It was a bright silver shackle that looked new and shiny. When Ji Luoxue saw this shackle, her face flickered with a trace of confusion.
What is this guy planning to do?
Wants to use this shackle to lock me down? How is this possible ….
However, just as this thought flashed through her mind, she had just entered the golden wind and was preparing to quickly distance herself from Luo Zheng!
But one end of the shackle turned into a silver belt of light and swept towards Ji Luoxue. One end of the shackle locked onto her feet at a speed that exceeded Ji Luoxue's imagination!
And the other end was locked onto Luo Zheng's body!
Seeing this scene, Ji Luoxue instantly became anxious ….
She couldn't figure out how this shackle could be so fast no matter how hard she tried. Why couldn't she escape even with the Wind Flash, the profundity of the law of wind?
Whoosh ….
Her figure was still frantically flashing about!
But no matter how Ji Luoxue dodged, she still couldn't shake off the shackle on her feet.
She was like a bird whose feet were bound. No matter how high she spread her wings and flew, she would still be pulled back to her original place ….
Ji Luoxue naturally couldn't imagine that Luo Zheng's Life Ending Shackle could even bind a Heavenly Venerable. Although she was a prodigy of the Ji Family, no matter how strong she was, she couldn't possibly be stronger than a Heavenly Venerable, right?
This Life Ending Shackle was obtained from the fragments that Master had given her.
It could be considered a miniature version of the Life Ending Battle!
The Life Ending Battle locked several dozen people together, and in the end, only one person could survive!
And this Life Ending Shackle in Luo Zheng's hand was used to bind himself to his opponent. After being bound by the Life Ending Shackle, there was only one choice between the two parties — to kill the other party!
If the other party was stronger than Luo Zheng, using the Life Ending Shackle would definitely be an act of suicide.
But after all, the Life Ending Shackle belonged to Luo Zheng. Whether or not to bind and who to bind was up to Luo Zheng himself!
Ji Luoxue's speed was extremely fast. Luo Zheng dodged while thinking about how to break out of this situation. Suddenly, he remembered that he still had this Dharma treasure …. He had never used it before!
Whoosh —
Rays of golden wind flashed continuously.
Ji Luoxue's figure could be seen intermittently in this golden wind. But no matter how she struggled, she couldn't get more than three meters away.
No matter how fast she was, she couldn't shake off this shackle ….
Although Luo Zheng looked a little miserable, he knew that when the Life Ending Shackle locked Ji Luoxue, he had already won!
This Life Ending Shackle could only extend a distance of three meters. With a light tug, Luo Zheng pulled Ji Luoxue over by Luo Zheng's immense strength.

Chapter 1219
In the face of Ji Luoxue's five-colored palm print, Luo Zheng's face brimmed with a warm smile!
In that instant, Luo Zheng activated the power of 30,000 dragon scales!
He'd similarly slapped his palm towards Ji Luoxue as well. However, this extremely ordinary palm strike contained unimaginable strength!
Ji Luoxue used this Five Element Palm Print against Luo Zheng purely out of helplessness …
Just as some knowledgeable bystanders had said, the current Ji Luoxue was actually not a complete body!
At this moment, there was another Ji Luoxue in another major world in the Illusory Battlefield!
Two bodies in one mind …
Although this cultivation technique was rare in the universe, there were a few similar cultivation techniques.
For example, Yun Luo could even sever one million avatars.
However, after Yun Luo's one million avatars were severed, only Yun Luo could comprehend it.
On the other hand, although Ji Luoxue's two bodies shared the same soul, they could cultivate separately. When the two merged, she would be a complete existence, and she would be the prodigy of the Ji Family!
It was also because of this that Ji Luoxue could only use the power of the earth element and the power of the metal element. The other three origin laws were extremely weak, and the power of the five elements that she could use was naturally incomplete.
Bang!
This palm print was a choice that Ji Luoxue made out of helplessness!
If Black Snow was here, the outcome of Luo Zheng's palm print would be uncertain. This was because Black Snow's combat technique was completely different from hers. After the two merged, their strengths and weaknesses would complement each other to transform into a perfect Five Element Body. Only then could one be considered a true cultivator of the five elements!
Ji Luoxue's Five Element Palm Print started to crumble under Luo Zheng's palm print!
"It's over." Luo Zheng smiled slightly. After breaking Ji Luoxue's palm print, he had already placed his hand on Ji Luoxue's forehead. He appeared to be very gentle, as if helping Ji Luoxue wipe off the sweat on her forehead …
However, under Luo Zheng's gentle brush, that enormous power spread out, and Ji Luoxue's body directly disintegrated in front of everyone!
That red light wrapped around Ji Luoxue's soul and flew towards the main city.
At the same time, dreamy light spots exploded from her dissipating body …
Countless dreamy light spots spread out, covering an area of two to three zhang!
When the warriors on the city walls saw such a large number of Fantasy Points, their eyes nearly popped out!
Since Ji Luoxue was the 'City Lord' of this main city, there were eight 'slaughterhouses' at the city gate that helped Ji Luoxue collect Fantasy Points day and night. Under her absolute control, the amount of Fantasy Points collected was definitely not a small amount …
Everyone was already mentally prepared. However, when such a large amount of Fantasy Points appeared, everyone was still shocked by the huge amount of Fantasy Points!
This was too much …
Even Luo Zheng was shocked by the number of fantasy points!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Those fantasy points flew towards Luo Zheng and entered Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng's fantasy points soared at this moment! At the same time, his ranking on the pyramid was rising rapidly!
"This …"
With a single thought, Luo Zheng found out that he possessed 4,600,000 fantasy points!
After he killed Niu Jin earlier, he'd seized a few hundred thousand fantasy points from Niu Jin. In other words, Ji Luoxue possessed over 8,000,000 fantasy points. He'd killed her earlier and seized half of her fantasy points, which was over 4,000,000 fantasy points.
This woman's accumulation had far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
Presently, Luo Zheng was ranked at the 309th position on this world, and he was ranked at the 14,000th position in the entire Illusory Battlefield!
It was at this moment that his ranking skyrocketed by countless times …
Amongst the trillions of warriors, the top 100,000 were extremely dazzling existences!
Even though Luo Zheng was only ranked at the 14,000th position, countless eyes in the entire world were staring at his name. At this moment, the name 'Luo Zheng' caused a wave of heated discussions!
"Luo Zheng, that's Luo Zheng who told stories …. He actually entered the top 100,000!"
"Look carefully, he's ranked at the 14,000th position. In the great world he's from, he's ranked at the 300th position! This guy's strength is very strong. If he continues to rise, I'm afraid he'll be on par with those prodigies! "
"Hmph, what's so great about him? His immortal mansion is a treasure among treasures. If I can obtain such an immortal mansion, I'll definitely rise to the top!"
"Hehe, first, you'll have to obtain such an immortal mansion. Then, you'll have to cultivate to the Divine Ocean Realm …."
In every corner of the world, people were discussing fervently, and the attention paid to Luo Zheng was unprecedentedly high.
Since Luo Zheng's ranking had risen, they were curious to see how far he would go. Would it be a flash in the pan, or would he surpass all obstacles and reach the peak?
At this moment, the atmosphere in the Misty Cloud Palace was extremely high!
Because Luo Zheng came from the Misty Cloud Palace, their expectations for Luo Zheng were extremely high!
Previously, Luo Zheng's ranking had been lukewarm, and many people were worried about Luo Zheng.
Although Yun Luo's expression was calm, she was actually a little dissatisfied in her heart. She knew that Luo Zheng would definitely soar into the sky, but that kid was too calm. Would he just wander around the Illusory Battlefield blindly?
While they were guessing, Luo Zheng's ranking soared. At this moment, Yun Luo revealed a knowing smile. "He's only ranked at the 14,000th position … I wonder when he'll reach the top 1,000?" Yun Luo whispered. She was as confident in Luo Zheng as before.
The Misty Cloud Palace was in an uproar, but the atmosphere in another place was very solemn.
Deities Have No Thoughts …
Snowy City, Ji Family.
The ancestor of the Ji Family rarely showed up these years ….
Although the Ji Family was called a family, in fact, there were more than a million warriors surnamed Ji in the whole family, which was comparable to a big country.
And the ancestor of the Ji Family was the supreme existence of this "country".
When the ancestor appeared in the Ji Family, how could the important figures of the Ji Family be absent?
This Illusory Battlefield was very important to the Ji Family!
The reason was naturally Ji Luoxue ….
The Ji Family had a total of three prodigies!
The other two prodigies, Ji Feichen and Ji Xuanya, couldn't be compared to Ji Luoxue ….
Although the strength of these two prodigies was not bad, they were not on the same level as Ji Luoxue. Whether it was Ji Feichen or Ji Xuanya, they could only barely fight to a draw with one of Ji Luoxue's clones. In other words, they only had "half" of Ji Luoxue's strength.
Ji Luoxue was the hope of the Ji Family. They hoped that one day, Ji Luoxue would transform into a Daoist of the Ji Family!
And this time, the opening of the Illusory Battlefield held great hope ….
At this moment, Ji Luoxue's ranking was very eye-catching!
She was already in the top ten of the pyramid!
The warriors in front of her were basically Daoists of the various large families. They were unique existences that surpassed prodigies. The existence of these Daoists was enough to affect the fortune and direction of a family!
Any family would throw all their resources on their Daoists!
This was because there was a saying in the universe that one had to destroy their Daoists before destroying a family. If one wanted to destroy a powerful family, one had to first kill the Daoists of that family! If one didn't do so, that Daoist would definitely rely on his monstrous fortune and extremely powerful talent to kill his way back one day!
Therefore, to the various large families and races, the family could be destroyed, but the Daoists couldn't die. Although the Daoists were seedlings, they were the future of the family …
This saying might have some elements of mystery in it. After all, some large families already had such deep foundations. If a Daoist really died, these families with powerful foundations could still support another one.
However, from these sayings, it could be seen how much importance these families and races attached to their Daoists.
It was already very impressive for Ji Luoxue to be able to enter the top ten of the Illusory Battlefield. However, she had an innate advantage in the Illusory Battlefield.
This was because everyone else was fighting alone in the Illusory Battlefield, while Ji Luoxue had two people. Both Ji Luoxue and Ji Luoxue were extremely powerful, so the number of Illusory Points they collected was naturally twice as fast as other prodigies and even some Daoists!
Even so, the Ji Family was not satisfied with Ji Luoxue's ranking.
They wanted Ji Luoxue to be ranked first! There was no other choice. She had to be first! Only then would she not let down the Ji Family's many years of nurturing her!
However, Ji Luoxue's name on the pyramid in front of the Ji Family patriarch suddenly slid down rapidly ….

Chapter 1220
The ranking competition in the Illusion Battlefield was rather intense!
Due to the large number of main cities, the range of activity of most cultivators was limited. It was impossible to pass through too many main cities in a short period of time.
Thus, most cultivators circled around a main city to obtain Fantasy Points.
Of course, everyone's method was different.
For example, after Ji Luoxue controlled a main city, she collected Fantasy Points through the method of "paying taxes." Every cultivator in the main city had to pay the taxes and couldn't escape!
If she only controlled a main city, Ji Luoxue's ranking wouldn't be so high!
However, Ji Luoxue could split into two bodies with a single thought. That "Black Snow" was Ji Luoxue's clone and roamed in another large world!
The points accumulated by the two of them were counted on one person!
Thus, Ji Luoxue was far ahead and ranked eighth on the pyramid. For a moment, she was incomparably glorious, and the entire Ji Family felt greatly honored!
After all, in [Gods No Thoughts], only two people had made it into the top ten. One was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was previously ranked first, and the other was Ji Luoxue … After Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ranking mysteriously dropped, Ji Luoxue became the only martial artist in [Gods No Thoughts] who made it into the top ten.
When the Ji Family patriarch saw this scene, he was rather happy and repeatedly praised the Ji Family for having a successor.
However, at this moment, Ji Luoxue's ranking rapidly dropped! He actually slipped from the seventh place to the hundredth place!
The Ji Family patriarch stared fixedly at the name on the pyramid, and a trace of coldness appeared in his eyes …
The Ji Family patriarch said coldly, "Someone killed Xue 'er once!"
It was a pity that the people outside couldn't observe every movement in the Illusion Battlefield. He didn't know who had the strength to kill a prodigy of the Ji Family.
"Hmph, to be able to defeat Xue 'er, this person probably isn't a nobody. I wonder what backing he has to dare to provoke my niece!" An elder of the Ji Family said coldly. A large family clan was ultimately domineering. Ji Luoxue was the apple of the entire family's eye. How could they tolerate someone attacking Ji Luoxue?
"I already said that Ji Luoxue should have merged with Black Snow. Splitting into two bodies with a single thought greatly reduces Ji Luoxue's strength. Why bother using such a method! Another elder said angrily.
As Ji Luoxue's clone, Black Snow's strength was also extraordinary. The key was that after the two of them fused, Ji Luoxue would be able to display her strongest strength!
Before the opening of the Illusory Battlefield, the Ji Family had been debating whether or not to fuse them!
Fusion had its benefits. With Ji Luoxue's complete form, there were few opponents in the Illusory Battlefield. Ji Luoxue even had the strength to fight those Dao Children.
However, if two clones entered the Illusory Battlefield, the speed at which they earned Fantasy Points would double. The only drawback was that their strength would decrease significantly.
The final decision was made by Ji Luoxue himself!
In reality, it was extremely advantageous for Ji Luoxue to enter the Illusory Battlefield with his avatar.
For example, when Ji Luoxue was killed by Luo Zheng, an ordinary person would have lost half of their fantasy points.
On the other hand, Ji Luoxue had only lost half of her main body's Fantasy points, but Black Snow hadn't lost anything. Thus, she had only lost a quarter of her Fantasy points.
If Ji Luoxue was killed even once in her peak condition, her ranking wouldn't just drop to the 700th position, it would directly drop below the 200th position!
However, how many people could kill Ji Luoxue when she was in her peak condition?
The Illusory Battlefield was divided into 50 major worlds. There were probably only a dozen or so people who could defeat Ji Luoxue. These dozen or so people might not be in the same major world as Ji Luoxue. In other words, the possibility of her being killed was very small.
Thus, the question of whether it was good or bad to have a clone was indeed somewhat unsolvable.
Some of the Ji Family's elders actually started debating about this question.
"Alright …"
The Ji Family's patriarch, who was sitting at the highest point, waved his hand indifferently.
When the patriarch's voice was transmitted, the entire Ji Family became extremely quiet. Even the elders, including the patriarch, were sitting upright and still.
"Xue 'er is already very good. Furthermore, being killed once doesn't mean anything. I believe that she will climb up again," the Ji Family's patriarch said indifferently.
"Patriarch is right. We should have confidence in Luoxue. Perhaps Luoxue wasn't killed. Logically speaking, there are some blessed lands to explore in the Illusory Battlefield. She might have encountered some danger that she couldn't resist. The cultivators who die in the Illusory Battlefield can be revived. Ji Luoxue still has many chances!" the Ji Family's patriarch said indifferently.
Quite a few people nodded slightly.
The rankings in the early stages didn't mean anything. Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had been leading all the way, had already disappeared. Now that he had caught up again, everyone still had to be patient with Ji Luoxue.
In another corner of the Illusory Battlefield …
A female cultivator holding a saber tilted her head and stood at the top of the city wall.
This cultivator's appearance was exactly the same as Ji Luoxue's. They were practically identical.
Although they looked exactly the same, their auras were completely different.
Just like how white snowflakes often fell around Ji Luoxue, this woman also had snowflakes around her. However, what fell was black snow.
Although she and Ji Luoxue were two bodies, Black Snow had her own thoughts and thoughts. Even her personality was completely different from Ji Luoxue's.
The cultivators in this main city …
Most of them had already escaped.
Ever since the Illusory Battlefield opened, Black Snow relied on her saber to mercilessly slaughter the cultivators in the main city.
She didn't care about observing how many Illusory Points the other party had or what benefits she could obtain. As long as they were cultivators outside the city, they would be sent back to the main city by her saber.
After a period of time, many cultivators gathered in the main city and didn't dare to come out again.
However, staying in the main city wasn't a solution. After a discussion, many cultivators chose to escape at the same time.
Although Black Snow was extremely powerful, it was impossible for her to capture all the cultivators in one fell swoop. She wanted as many cultivators as possible to escape.
Throughout the entire process, Black Snow killed many cultivators. However, even more cultivators chose to escape the main city. Therefore, in general, the Illusory Points that Black Snow accumulated were inferior to Ji Luoxue's.
However, Black Snow didn't care.
Even though she had two bodies, she had a primary and secondary body. The primary body was Ji Luoxue and the secondary body was Black Snow. She only needed to kill to her heart's content. She didn't need to worry about anything else.
Currently, the cultivators in the main city had either fled or scattered. The remaining cultivators couldn't escape. Furthermore, their Illusory Points had been drained dry by Black Snow. Therefore, she planned to search for the next city.
When the cultivators in the main city saw that Black Snow was preparing to leave, they secretly heaved a sigh of relief. The sooner this plague left, the better.
Just as Black Snow was about to leave, she realized that her ranking had begun to drop rapidly.
"I … was killed by someone?"
Black Snow closed her eyes.
She and Ji Luoxue were telepathically connected. After a thought, Black Snow already obtained the answer.
A cultivator called Luo Tianxing, huh …
If I want to find this fellow, I'm afraid I'll have to cross the great world. I can't do that now.
However, with this fellow's strength, I'll eventually encounter him …
When she thought of this, a clear light flashed in her turbid eyes.
…
In the main city, a human figure gradually emerged from a green ball of light!
It was Ji Luoxue, who had been killed by Luo Zheng. At this moment, she was rapidly reviving.
Shortly after, the ball of light shattered, and Ji Luoxue's figure appeared from within. She looked in the direction of the main city's exit. Her clear eyes were turbid …
"Young Master!"
"Young Master!"
Niu Jin and Jia Fan had been waiting respectfully beside the green ball of light for a long time.
After Niu Jin was defeated by Luo Zheng, he was originally unconvinced. Now that he saw that Ji Luoxue was defeated by that fellow, he also understood the gap between him and Luo Zheng.
Ji Luoxue nodded slightly and walked towards the city gate.
On the city wall, all the Martial Artists looked at Luo Zheng with gazes that were filled with intense reverence.
This fellow really did it. He killed the prodigy of the Ji Family!
In the eyes of these Divine Sea Realm cultivators who had already accepted their fate, it was simply incomprehensible that Luo Zheng could kill Ji Luoxue.
In their eyes, Ji Luoxue was definitely an undefeatable legend. No one in the main city was qualified to be her opponent, let alone kill her.

Chapter 1221
Such an ordinary-looking fellow was able to kill Ji Luoxue. It was undoubtedly a miracle.
This battle caused many of the weaker martial artists to feel a surge of emotions …
They were all discussing Luo Zheng's identity in low voices. Who was he? Where did he come from? Where did he learn from …
However, no one dared to ask Luo Zheng directly.
"Ji Luoxue is here …" someone reminded.
All the cultivators turned around to look over, and they saw Ji Luoxue who wore violet clothes was walking slowly towards the top of the city wall!
"After Ji Luoxue revived, she didn't leave the city but went up the city wall!"
"She doesn't plan on challenging Luo Zheng again?"
"That means she's admitting defeat!"
Although Ji Luoxue lost to Luo Zheng, many cultivators believed that Ji Luoxue would not give up. After reviving, Ji Luoxue would probably challenge Luo Zheng again.
After Luo Zheng killed Ji Luoxue, he floated outside the city wall and stood on the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain. He didn't choose to escape …
There was a high possibility that the two of them would fight again. However, Ji Luoxue chose to go up the city wall and didn't leave the city. The surrounding cultivators all moved aside and made a path for Ji Luoxue.
Luo Zheng leaned against a corner of the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain with a faint smile on his face. He looked at Ji Luoxue and said, "Do you want to fight again?"
Ji Luoxue shook her head and replied firmly, "No."
The goal of the first stage of the Illusion Battlefield was to accumulate Fantasy Points as much as possible. Before she had the confidence to defeat Luo Zheng, she naturally wouldn't rashly fight with Luo Zheng again.
"However, we will have the chance to fight again sooner or later." Ji Luoxue continued, "I hope that at that time … you won't be afraid."
Saying this, Ji Luoxue revealed a pure smile. At that time, she would merge with the black snow and become a complete body. At that time, she would win this battle!
Hearing Ji Luoxue's words, Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. "Sure!" Then he touched his head and said, "There's one more question …"
"Speak," Ji Luoxue said calmly.
"Why were you able to absorb the blue-clothed cultivator's Fantasy Points?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng asked this question before, but Ji Luoxue didn't answer. Now, Luo Zheng asked again. He was indeed very curious about this matter and couldn't understand how Ji Luoxue did it. No matter how strong she was, she couldn't change the rules of the Illusion Battlefield!
Ji Luoxue smiled faintly. This time, she chose to help Luo Zheng. Then, a golden pill appeared in her hand. "This golden pill contains my imprint! .... Of course... His Fantasy Points............ of his Fantasy points................. His Fantasy points................................
Hearing this, Luo Zheng came to a realization …
He patted himself on the head. How could he not have thought of such a simple matter even after racking his brains?
However, the more obvious the rules were, the harder it was for people to wrap their heads around them.
However, Ji Luoxue's method gave Luo Zheng another idea …
If this was the case, a cultivator would set up countless traps in a main city. These traps would be imprinted with their own imprint. Then, any cultivator who was killed by these traps would obtain an endless amount of fantasy points that would converge towards them! He only needed to leisurely stay in the city and collect the Fantasy Points!
If Luo Zheng could think of this, others could naturally think of it as well! There were people who did this in the Illusion Battlefield. For example, Ai Anxin.
Now, Ai Anxin's ranking was soaring!
That was how she came up with this idea …
Ai Anxin continued to wander around the Illusion Battlefield. After discovering a main city, Ai Anxin didn't choose to enter the main city to challenge the strong cultivators there.
It was not that Ai Anxin was unwilling to fight against experts, but that would waste too much time. Furthermore, there was a risk of dying. Every time he died, half of his fantasy points would be deducted. With Ai Anxin's shrewdness, this was undoubtedly a losing business.
After pondering for a while, Ai Anxin thought of a method. That was to scatter seeds!
When a new main city appeared in front of Ai Anxin, she scattered a large number of seeds. These seeds were very unique. After being scattered on the ground, they were like living insects that crawled into the ground.
Within two hours, those seeds began to germinate and grow. Finally, they grew into dandelions!
These dandelions were about the size of a fist, and there was a circle of transparent needles on the outermost layer. They looked very beautiful and sparkled with a translucent luster …
The more beautiful something was, the more deadly it was!
These dandelions were the most deadly traps. When a cultivator approached them, the fine hairs on the surface of the dandelions would rapidly explode and scatter in all directions at an extremely fast speed, entering the cultivator's body.
These tiny needles would continuously travel along the cultivator's meridians and track the True Essence aura within the cultivator's body. Finally, they would penetrate the dantian and enter the cultivator's inner world. Then, they would release a fatal poison within the cultivator's body, polluting the entire True Essence Sea!
If a cultivator didn't revolve their dantian and release their True Essence, then it would be fine. But once it was released, they would immediately die.
After scattering these dandelion seeds along the path, Ai Anxin would leave this place and continue to wander through the Illusory Battlefield in search of the next main city.
During this process, fantasy points would constantly fly into Ai Anxin's body …
Although the number of fantasy points wasn't too great, with each cluster of fantasy points being only a few dozen or a few hundred points. Occasionally, there would be several thousand points!
But within two hours, dozens of fantasy points would enter Ai Anxin's body. And during this entire process, Ai Anxin didn't experience the slightest bit of danger …
"I understand." Luo Zheng smiled faintly and leaped up from the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. As a ray of light flickered in his hand, the enormous Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain started to spin. Finally, it constantly shrunk and transformed into a miniature mountain that landed in Luo Zheng's hand.
Ji Luoxue's heart was filled with unwillingness when she saw the refined Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. Previously, she had planned to use Luo Zheng as a bargaining chip to force him to hand over the method to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. Now, it seemed that her way of thinking was childish. He didn't even need her to let him go …
After Luo Zheng put away the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he glanced indifferently at Ji Luoxue and then prepared to fly into the distance.
The Illusory Battlefield was so large. Every cultivator had different methods of accumulating fantasy points. Luo Zheng possessed the Teleportation Token, which was a huge advantage for him.
Traveling between different main cities and hunting the "fat sheep" among them was also an effective method!
Ji Luoxue was the biggest fat sheep in this main city …
Luo Zheng had snatched away so many fantasy points from her, so she probably wouldn't fight again. Luo Zheng also didn't need to stay here and waste time. He could choose the next main city.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to leave, Ji Luoxue pursed her lips and finally spoke. "Can … you wait?"
Luo Zheng turned around and looked at Ji Luoxue with a puzzled gaze.
"I can make a deal with you!" Ji Luoxue said with a true essence sound transmission.
The method to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was too important to Ji Luoxue. If she refined her own Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, it would be greatly beneficial to her cultivation of the five elements!
"What deal?" Luo Zheng replied.
As Ji Luoxue's thin lips moved slightly, a trace of interest appeared on Luo Zheng's face!
After 30 minutes, Luo Zheng appeared in a courtyard in a corner of the main city.
Stepping on the thick layer of snow, Luo Zheng felt the tranquility of this courtyard. He couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Ji Luoxue was able to leisurely earn so many fantasy points? People were really different. He worked himself to death fighting others outside, but the fantasy points he earned weren't even a tenth of what she earned!
Ji Luoxue stood in the center of the courtyard. She held a row of blank jade slips in her hand, and her index finger was constantly moving around the jade slips.
After a long time, Ji Luoxue's delicate voice sounded. She spat out the word "seal", and a jade slip was completed. She held the jade slip in her hand and said to Luo Zheng, "This jade slip only teaches you how to refine the origin magnetic force in the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. As for how to use it, it's up to you to comprehend it yourself!"
Luo Zheng nodded and extended his hand towards Ji Luoxue.
Ji Luoxue originally wanted to hand over the jade slip, but a trace of hesitation appeared on her face …

Chapter 1222
Ji Luoxue didn't have any way to restrain Luo Zheng.
The method to use the magnetic force was a secret of the Ji Family. The ancestor of the Ji Family had taught it to Ji Luoxue in private!
She usually cultivated the five elements and sat quietly in the Divine Magnetic Mountain. She used this method to draw the magnetic force around her body and used it for cultivation.
But the Origin Magnetic Divine Mountain was incomparably heavy. Without refining it, it was impossible for her to carry the Origin Magnetic Divine Mountain everywhere like Luo Zheng.
Ji Luoxue and Luo Zheng hadn't even met before. Normally, she wouldn't casually teach this method to an outsider!
However, Luo Zheng's refining method was of great importance!
She couldn't just watch Luo Zheng leave. She could only grit her teeth and engrave the method on a jade slip. She chose to exchange it with Luo Zheng …
Seeing the hesitation on Ji Luoxue's face, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. How could he not see through Ji Luoxue's thoughts?
However, Luo Zheng didn't express his opinion. He just wanted to see how this woman would choose.
If this woman didn't believe him, then Luo Zheng could flick his sleeve and leave. Since he already knew that the Origin Magnetic Force within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could be utilized, then he could enter the Book Collection Pavilion to search for it. With the vast reserves of the Book Collection Pavilion, finding this method would presumably not be difficult.
However, Luo Zheng was currently in the Illusory Battlefield and couldn't return to the immortal mansion. If he could obtain this method from this woman, the Divine Magnetic Mountain could become a powerful weapon for Luo Zheng.
Ji Luoxue hesitated for a moment before saying cautiously, "You can't teach this method to others. If you do, you'll be hunted down by the Ji Family. You won't be able to escape even if you flee to the ends of the earth!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes in his mind …
This kind of threat might be effective against other Divine Sea Realm warriors, but it was useless against Luo Zheng. He had killed four Celestial Venerables. All the major races in the universe had sent people to guard the entrance of his immortal mansion. One more Ji Family didn't seem to matter.
After Ji Luoxue's warning, she handed the jade slip to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng held the jade slip in his hand and injected his perception into it. Then, he began to rapidly memorize the incantation.
Just as Ji Luoxue had said, this technique was able to help him extract the Origin Magnetic Energy within the Divine Origin Mountain and utilize it for his own use ….
After memorizing it, Luo Zheng also understood something.
Seeing Luo Zheng's appearance, Ji Luoxue's clear eyes revealed a trace of nervousness.
Although she was indifferent by nature, this spell was still passed down from the Ji Family's ancestor. Passing it down to an outsider was indeed a lot of pressure.
If this Luo Zheng were to flick his sleeves and run away, she would want to cry but have no tears!
However, this didn't happen in the end. Although the blood sacrifice method to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was precious, it wasn't of much use to the current Luo Zheng. After all, he had already refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Moreover, even if he imparted it to Ji Luoxue, she wouldn't leave the Illusory Battlefield right now. She wouldn't bring the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain to cause trouble for him.
"The five elements can't invade this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, but there's a method that can refine it. This method is called 'blood sacrifice' …."
Luo Zheng didn't inscribe the method of blood sacrifice into a jade slip, and he directly used True Essence voice transmission to explain it to Ji Luoxue.
With Ji Luoxue's memories, she was able to recite it backwards.
As Luo Zheng explained the method recorded in the Myriad of Wonders word by word, Ji Luoxue's gaze grew brighter and brighter, and her eyes revealed a watery color that seemed like two clear and translucent gems.
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng asked. "Have you memorized it well?"
Ji Luoxue nodded, yet she sighed with emotion. "I wonder who invented this method of blood sacrifice to actually have such a thought …." At this moment, Ji Luoxue had a feeling in her heart. The person that invented the method of blood sacrifice seemed to have grasped the laws of all things, and only such a figure was able to come up with such a method!
This person's wisdom and vast knowledge were probably even greater than her Ji Family's ancestor!
Luo Zheng couldn't answer this question. "I've already given you the method of blood sacrifice. You have to fulfill the other condition as well."
"Of course …."
Not long after, outside the main city, two cultivators stood before Luo Zheng.
These two cultivators clearly revealed indignant expressions, and they glared fiercely at Luo Zheng ….
They didn't know what kind of deal their Young Master had made with Luo Zheng, and he actually wanted them to hand over the Fantasy Points that they had painstakingly collected to Luo Zheng!
Their strength far exceeded that of ordinary Divine Sea Realm cultivators, but since entering the Illusory Battlefield, they had silently collected Fantasy Points for Ji Luoxue, and then they were willing to let Ji Luoxue kill them and hand over the Fantasy Points to Ji Luoxue.
But now, Ji Luoxue had ordered them to let this kid kill them, and they weren't allowed to fight back!
How could they be willing?
Unfortunately, they had no choice. They couldn't disobey their Young Master's orders. Perhaps the deal between this kid and their Young Master was of great importance, so their Young Master had no choice but to make such a concession.
"Pfff pfff …."
As Luo Zheng punched out twice, the two cultivators immediately died, and two large balls of Fantasy Points of Light exploded.
Each ball of Fantasy Points was about 200,000. This way, Luo Zheng had more than 400,000 Fantasy Points out of thin air.
After absorbing these Fantasy Points, Luo Zheng's ranking rose again.
After Luo Zheng killed Ji Luoxue earlier, his ranking was already at the 309th position, and because of these 400,000 plus Illusory Points, Luo Zheng had charged into the 300th position and was ranked at the 279th position in this world. On the other hand, in the entire Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng was ranked at the 1096th position, and he was only a step away from the top 10,000!
There were too many cultivators participating in the Illusory Battlefield this time. Even Luo Zheng wasn't confident that he could reach first place. But since Luo Zheng had come to the Illusory Battlefield, he was bound to strive for this goal.
Perhaps Luo Zheng would fail at the final step, but throughout the entire process, he wouldn't relax at all. This had always been Luo Zheng's personality.
After killing these two cultivators, Luo Zheng didn't stay any longer and drifted away.
Ji Luoxue's originally pure expression became even more complicated as she watched Luo Zheng's figure disappear into the distance.
We should still have a chance to fight in this Illusory Battlefield …
The entire Illusory Battlefield's first stage was a competition of the number of Fantasy Points collected. But since it was divided into 50 great worlds, the top prodigies would definitely have an ultimate clash in the final stage.
Ji Luoxue was very confident. She believed that she would reach the final stage!
As for Luo Tianxing … With his strength, as long as he didn't encounter those Daoists from other races, he would probably be able to reach the final stage.
At that time, Ji Luoxue would fuse with the black snow and achieve perfection. She would face the various prodigies and Daoists in this universe in her strongest state. Of course, there was also Luo Tianxing!
Luo Zheng traveled through the air for a period of time. After confirming that no one was following him, he took out the Teleportation Token.
Buzz … Buzz … Buzz …
As Luo Zheng activated the Teleportation Token, he once again escaped into a strange space.
The Fantasy Points in this Illusory Battlefield were initially scattered. They were evenly distributed to every cultivator in the form of 100 Fantasy Points per person.
But as time passed, the Fantasy Points began to converge.
The Fantasy Points that "Grass" possessed were transferred to "Sheep", and the Fantasy Points of "Sheep" were plundered by "Wolves".
In the end, all the Fantasy Points of "Wolves" would be devoured by "Lions" and "Tigers"!
If one wanted to rank at the top, they had to continuously collect Fantasy Points!
Perhaps Luo Zheng now had 5,000,000 Fantasy Points and could stand around the 10,000th rank.
But if Luo Zheng were to stop collecting Fantasy Points, he would probably fall down by thousands or even tens of thousands of ranks in just a few hours. This was because the other martial artists weren't idling around either. Every martial artist was doing their best to climb up the ranks!
After entering this strange space, Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the map below. After choosing a main city, he once again descended into it!
Whoosh …
As Luo Zheng fell all the way down, he landed heavily on the ground. What entered his eyes was a stretch of emerald green.
On the towering trees that reached into the clouds, there were many treehouses surrounded by greenery. The city walls were formed by rows of intertwined roots of the old trees. Dense vitality was injected into the city walls …
"The main city of the Fiend Night Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
It didn't matter to Luo Zheng what race it was. In any case, he only had one goal, and that was to collect Fantasy Points.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect to meet an old acquaintance in this city.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1223
The two main cities that Luo Zheng had been to had different situations.
In truth, it was also related to the personalities and habits of the various races …
The Demon Race was naturally aggressive. Since they had entered the Illusion Battlefield, they had completely unleashed their bestial nature and fought fiercely against each other.
On the other hand, the human race was in a state of 'centralization'. For example, in Ji Luoxue's main city, although there were small fights between the cultivators, most of the Fantasy Points were taken by Ji Luoxue's eight subordinates, and the Fantasy Points obtained by her subordinates were given to Ji Luoxue.
She was the true City Lord. Everyone could challenge each other, but they all had to 'pay' to her.
There was a certain amount of order in the human race's main cities, but this order was maintained under Ji Luoxue's high pressure. If not for Ji Luoxue, the human race's main cities would have also entered a state of chaotic fighting.
However, the main city of the Yao Night Clan was completely in a state of order!
The Yao Night Clan was originally a race that obeyed order. There were very few conflicts between the clansmen, and they were usually united against outsiders.
There were not many Yao Night Clan cultivators in the main city. Nearly half of the Yao Night Clan cultivators had left the main city to explore the boundless wilderness outside the main city. They killed the monsters in the wilderness to obtain Fantasy Points.
Of course, the Yao Night Clan would also challenge each other. However, they would only fight outside the city after the other party agreed. Outsiders would definitely not participate, nor would they suddenly attack …
Seeing how orderly they were, Luo Zheng felt that it wasn't appropriate for him to directly go up and obtain Fantasy points.
Although there were large numbers of Yao Night Clan cultivators roaming outside the city, they were not too wary of Luo Zheng. However, in an orderly environment, people would involuntarily follow order.
There were very few Demon Race and Human Race cultivators going in and out of the city. However, they also followed the rules and did not randomly steal other people's Fantasy Points.
"It seems that I've come to the wrong place …"
Luo Zheng revealed a depressed expression. The Teleportation Token's greatest use was to allow him to teleport between the various main cities.
Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng only needed to constantly switch between main cities and harvest the experts in those main cities to obtain a considerable amount of Fantasy Points.
However, most of the cultivators in the main city of the Fiend Night Clan had gone out to hunt Vicious Beasts in the wilderness, so they didn't have many Fantasy Points. Or it could be said that most of the Fantasy Points were spread out among the cultivators and weren't gathered together …
Luo Zheng found a corner and once again took out the teleportation token. At this moment, this white jade teleportation token was still shrouded in a layer of black aura.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "This Teleportation Token can't be used continuously. After using it once, it needs to wait for the black aura to disperse before it can be used again. Now, even if we want to leave, we can't."
However, he remembered that there were two other cities to the north and northwest of this main city. Those two cities weren't far from here, so he should be able to rush over with some time.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't stay here any longer. He left the city gate and headed north …
He hoped that the main city in the north was a city of the Demon Race or some other race. Only places where the battle was more intense would have more Fantasy Points!
However, just as Luo Zheng left the city, he discovered that there were many cultivators gathered at the side of the main city!
Most of them were cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan. In addition, there were two or three human cultivators mixed in with them. They stood there and looked into the distance as if they were waiting for something.
This matter didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng. The strength of these cultivators was ordinary. Even if he killed them all, he would only be able to obtain twenty to thirty thousand Fantasy Points. If he attacked, he would probably be surrounded and attacked by them.
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng prepared to leave.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, he saw three streaks of light fly over. They were three cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan.
"There is a forest eight thousand miles away from the north gate. There are many iron-scaled spiders living in the forest. Killing one iron-scaled spider will give you 80 fantasy points. It is recommended that 20 martial artists form a party and travel there …"
After the Fiend Night Clan cultivators finished speaking, the cultivators gathered together and formed a group to head into the forest to kill the Iron Scale Spiders.
"This … is this still the Illusory Battlefield?"
When he saw this harmonious scene, Luo Zheng suddenly realized that his understanding of the Illusory Battlefield was somewhat narrow.
If the Illusory Battlefield was purely a battle between cultivators, there would be countless arenas set up for hundreds of millions of cultivators to fight.
The Illusory Battlefield was divided into fifty great worlds. Apart from the various main cities, there was still a vast space for people to explore.
Previously, when Luo Zheng was outside the Demon Race's city, didn't he rely on the Heavenly Mouse to obtain a lot of Fantasy Points?
Logically speaking, in this vast world, there should be countless secret places for cultivators to explore …
There were many ways to obtain Fantasy Points. The cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan clearly used another method. They divided up the work and cooperated to continuously explore this space, which also allowed them to accumulate a lot of Fantasy Points.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that there was a cultivator ranked ninety-seventh on the leaderboard who had entered the top one hundred without killing a single person.
It wasn't that this person was weak. On the contrary, this person's strength didn't lose to the geniuses of the various clans at all. It was just that from the very beginning, he had been exploring outside the main city and had killed a large number of Vicious Beasts. There were even a few extremely powerful Divine Beasts among them. Naturally, the number of Fantasy Points he obtained was considerable!
The three cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan who had appeared just now had been exploring outside the main city. After discovering their target, they had returned to gather the other cultivators.
The Iron Scale Spider wasn't considered a very powerful Vicious Beast, so there were many cultivators who responded. Nearly half of the cultivators who had gathered were willing to go. Only a small portion of the cultivators remained silent, as if they didn't care about the eighty Fantasy Points.
The second cultivator from the Fiend Night Clan continued, "In the northwest, thirteen thousand kilometers away, there is an abandoned tower. There are many evil creatures in the tower. I killed the Shining Shadow Evil Spirit on the lowest floor and obtained three hundred Fantasy Points … We need at least nine people to go together. This tower has a total of seven floors."
The Shining Shadow Evil Spirit on the first floor was worth three hundred Fantasy Points. Without a doubt, this abandoned tower was much more difficult than the forest.
"I'll go!"
"I …"
"I'll go too!"
Even so, there were still many cultivators who were willing to go together. The two human cultivators also expressed their willingness to go together.
Luo Zheng also revealed an expression of interest …
In a situation where he couldn't use the Teleportation Token, he had originally planned to head to the two cities in the north. If he followed them to this abandoned tower, it wouldn't be a bad idea.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also decided to join this group.
But before Luo Zheng could say anything, the third cultivator from the Fiend Night Clan spoke again.
"In the north, twenty-four thousand kilometers away, there is a Withered Tree Gate that requires emergency rescue. If you are willing to join and successfully rescue Liu Yu and Aizen, you will receive a share of Fantasy Points. This share is worth five hundred thousand Fantasy Points!"
Many of the cultivators present were moved when they heard the Yao Night Clan cultivator's words.
Five hundred thousand Fantasy Points was a lot for many cultivators. This was enough for them to enter the top ten million in the Dream Battlefield!
But this Withered Tree Gate was a very dangerous place. Why would they need emergency rescue?
One cultivator asked, "Didn't Aizen and Liu Yu lead the elites of the main cities? Did they fail? "
"No." The cultivator shook his head, "They didn't fail. They were just ambushed by another group. Most of them were demons. Aizen and Liu Yu are trapped in the Withered Tree Gate. The situation is very dangerous!"
"Demons again!"
"A despicable race that only knows how to plunder …"
"I'm willing to go to the Withered Tree Gate!"
It wasn't that the Fiend Night Clan didn't have the strength to plunder other people's Fantasy Points. It was just that this race didn't like to fight or expand.
This was why this powerful race only occupied three hundred great worlds in the upper realm. Their territory didn't match their strength!

Chapter 1224
When Luo Zheng ascended, Liu Yu probably hadn't.
However, the Ascension Passage had been repaired at that time, so there shouldn't have been any obstacles to ascension. That was why the Great Thousand World welcomed a wave of ascension.
Many Divine Ocean Realm cultivators in the lower realms chose to ascend.
Later, Luo Zheng searched through the memories of the Great Thousand World, but he couldn't find any trace of Liu Yu on the Sea God Continent. She probably chose to ascend.
After all, Liu Yu's talent wasn't bad. Although she only stood in the second row of the Talent Stele, the Demi-Immortal Clan had gathered geniuses from many different clans. Even in the upper realms, Liu Yu's talent was quite good.
However, the upper realms were so vast that even Luo Zheng couldn't find any trace of her.
Now that he suddenly heard the name Liu Yu, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"Is this Liu Yu the same person as her?"
There were so many Divine Ocean Realm cultivators, so it was inevitable that there would be people with the same name.
However, the Withered Tree Gate's direction was the same as Luo Zheng's route. What's more, the Withered Tree Gate offered five hundred thousand fantasy points!
Even Luo Zheng, who had several million fantasy points, was tempted.
However, because the reward was so high, the difficulty must be quite high as well. Not to mention that they had to face another team. There shouldn't be many cultivators who were qualified.
"Take me with you. I'm willing to help Aizen and Liu Yu!" A cultivator stepped forward and said sincerely.
The woman from the Yao Night Clan glanced at the cultivator and shook her head. "You … aren't strong enough. You'll only be wasting the fantasy points you've worked so hard to accumulate."
"I …" The cultivator's face reddened.
The woman didn't care about the cultivator's embarrassment. She glanced around and asked, "Who else thinks he's strong enough to come with me?"
"Me!"
A male cultivator from the Yao Night Clan jumped down from the city wall.
This cultivator was dressed in a pitch-black hedgehog robe, and a confident look appeared on his face. After leaving the city wall, he flew towards them.
The woman sized him up for a moment before she nodded, "You can do it!"
"Me too." A long-haired woman from the Nightfiend clan walked out from the crowd. She had red hair and seemed to be brimming with vitality. She carried a dark green bow on her back, and her bowstring radiated with the vigorous energy of the Laws of Life. It was extremely eye-catching.
Not long after, three Demon Night Clan cultivators chose to join.
Luo Zheng, who had been observing from the side for a long time, also slowly walked over and said loudly, "Can I participate?"
As soon as Luo Zheng said that, many Demon Night Clan cultivators looked at Luo Zheng.
The woman from the Demon Night Clan sized Luo Zheng up, and a trace of caution appeared on her face …
Although Luo Zheng didn't release his aura, he didn't conceal it either. After sizing him up, she could faintly sense that this human cultivator wasn't simple.
At the very least, she couldn't see through Luo Zheng's strength at all. A cultivator who could do this was definitely not simple.
"Human cultivator, what kind of joke is this? The Withered Tree Gate is a secret area that belongs to our Yao Night Clan. Other clans can't enter!"
"I also object. We don't need other clans' cultivators. Moreover, we still have to fight against the Demon Race this time …"
Several Demon Night Clan cultivators voiced their objections at the same time.
In this endless wilderness, there were also countless secret areas, just like the cave that Luo Zheng had entered before. After passing through the Inner Courtyard of the Eighteen Arhats, one would be able to obtain an extremely powerful item like the Teleportation Token.
The Withered Tree Gate was the same. Although it was extremely difficult to enter, one could obtain a large number of Fantasy Points from it!
Moreover, these secret areas could be entered repeatedly. As long as one's strength was enough, they could enter the Withered Tree Gate again and again to obtain Fantasy Points …
In fact, Luo Zheng's Teleportation Token could be obtained repeatedly as well.
However, one of these functional items was enough. After all, entering the cave required 300,000 Fantasy Points.
The Withered Tree Gate was firmly controlled by the Yao Night Clan of this main city. How could they easily give it to other clans?
However, this time, the Demon Race had set their sights on it, so they had no choice but to return to the city and ask for help!
When he saw the Yao Night Clan cultivators' objections, Luo Zheng's expression fell silent. He had already made up his mind.
Regardless of whether that person was Liu Yu or not, Luo Zheng would still head to the Withered Tree Gate to see what was going on.
If the Yao Night Clan cultivators didn't agree, Luo Zheng would just follow them. He didn't believe that they could shake him off.
Just as he was thinking this, the female Yao Night Clan cultivator in the lead said, "Human cultivators can enter the Withered Tree Gate with us!"
When the other Yao Night Clan cultivators heard this, they immediately objected!
"Didn't we agree before? The Withered Tree Gate is exclusively controlled by our Yao Night Clan. In fact, we were the first to discover it! "
"Why should we allow an outsider to enter?"
"If you bring this human cultivator with you, Aizen will definitely blame you!"
Hearing the objections, the female Yao Night Clan cultivator in the lead shook her head. She had returned from the Withered Tree Gate, so she naturally knew how serious the situation was.
If this human cultivator in front of her could come with them, he would be a great help.
"If Aizen blames us, I will take responsibility." The female Yao Night Clan cultivator walked towards Luo Zheng with a resolute expression and said, "My name is Bai Wei! I welcome you to join us! "
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded at Bai Wei. "Luo Tianxing."
When they saw that they couldn't stop Luo Zheng from joining them, the Yao Night Clan cultivators were extremely displeased.
"Why did you let a random human cultivator join us? I don't know what you're thinking, Bai Wei!"
"This brat is most likely a burden. Why bother bringing a burden to the Withered Tree Gate?"
When he heard this, Bai Wei coldly said to the Yao Night Clan cultivator, "If this brat is a burden, why are you afraid of him entering the Withered Tree Gate?"
Since he was a burden, he was definitely not strong enough. Even if he entered the gate, he would be easily killed …
When he heard Bai Wei's question, the Yao Night Clan cultivator was speechless and didn't say anything else.
As for Luo Zheng, he stood to the side with a faint smile on his face. He didn't say a word.
After fifteen minutes, Bai Wei had recruited seven cultivators from outside the main city. Only Luo Zheng was a human. The other six were all from the Yao Night Clan. Moreover, they were all outstanding members of the Yao Night Clan and were all extraordinarily strong.
Then, under Bai Wei's lead, the eight of them headed north.
Along the way, when the six Yao Night Clan cultivators glanced at Luo Zheng, there was a trace of disdain and vigilance on their faces.
Even though the Yao Night Clan had a good relationship with the human race, they were still a foreign race. It was inevitable for them to be vigilant.
This was because the Yao Night Clan was tolerant. If it were the Demon Race or the human race, they would have already fought with Luo Zheng. How could they possibly bring Luo Zheng along?
Whoosh whoosh …
The eight of them were flying rapidly in the air!
The speed of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator was extremely fast. 24,000 miles was extremely far for an ordinary person, but for a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, it was just a short distance. It should be known that when Luo Zheng was in the One Thought Sealed Tower, he had traveled almost 40,000 miles …
Four quarters of an hour later …
Withered trees began to appear in the wilderness below.
These trees had completely withered and were all alone in the ground. They were like lifeless tree stumps.
"These trees … seem to contain vitality," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the trees.
Bai Wei had been flying beside Luo Zheng. When he heard this, he smiled and said, "Yes, these trees have all become spirits. If you enter this forest, they will rise from the ground and attack."
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"However, although there are many of these Withered Tree Spirits, the reward is too little. Killing one Withered Tree Spirit only gives you two Fantasy Points," Bai Wei added.
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng was still thinking that with so many Withered Wood Spirits below, wouldn't the entire ground be filled with Fantasy Points? He didn't expect that the reward for killing these Withered Wood Spirits was too little. Two Fantasy Points … Even if he killed tens of thousands of Withered Wood Spirits, it would only be 20,000 Fantasy Points.

Chapter 1225
These two huge withered trees towered into the clouds, and a huge whirlpool appeared between them.
At this moment, Bai Wei led the charge and warned them, "Once you enter that vortex, you'll enter the Withered Tree Door. But be careful, the Withered Tree Door will attack you!"
Before she could finish her sentence, the two huge withered trees suddenly started to shake!
"Cough cough cough cough cough …."
The two giant trees started to shake, and the branches of the trees started to shake violently as well.
From afar, the giant withered tree seemed to move very slowly. However, when Bai Wei led the group closer, the withered branches whipped towards them at an extremely fast speed. Furthermore, the withered branches shimmered with a mysterious dark green light. It was the power of the Laws of Life!
"Whoosh whoosh ~ ~ ~"
The branches whipped towards them, and they were accompanied by a sharp whistling sound. Even space itself was trembling, so one could only imagine the power contained within them.
"Be careful!"
Compared to the giant Withered Wood Spirit, these eight martial artists were like eight tiny flies, constantly shuttling back and forth between the withered branches!
"Whoosh ~ ~ ~"
Accompanied by a whistling sound, a thick branch whipped towards Luo Zheng.
Facing the whip of the withered branch, Luo Zheng just lowered his body slightly and bypassed it from below.
However, as soon as he dodged the branch, 3 more branches whipped towards him from above, below, and above ….
Even though the branches were powerful, Luo Zheng didn't use the Drifting Smoke Technique. Instead, he used the Chasing Cloud movement technique to quickly pass through the gaps between the branches. Luo Zheng was able to deal with such an attack with ease.
However, right at this moment, a muffled groan sounded out. It was the woman from the Fiendnight Clan who carried the green longbow on her back who had been struck by a branch!
"Slap!"
The woman from the Demon Night Clan fainted from the impact, causing her to tumble about in the air.
Before the woman with the longbow could land on the ground, 3 more branches stretched out from nearby, and they actually wrapped around the woman and pulled her towards the Withered Tree Spirit.
Bai Wei's face froze when he saw this, and he shouted loudly, "Save her!"
At this moment, the two Demon Night Clan cultivators beside him charged towards the longbow-wielding woman from the left and right, trying to rescue her from the withered branch.
However, just as they rushed forward, ten withered branches appeared in front of them and forcefully forced them to retreat!
Even though the other cultivators from the Fiendnight Clan wanted to help, they were too far away ….
The members of the Fiendnight Clan revealed gloomy expressions. They'd come to rescue the woman, but they hadn't even entered the Withered Tree Door, and one of them was already dead.
Even though they wouldn't really die in the Illusory Battlefield, they'd come to rescue. So the more, the better.
"Sigh …."
At this moment, the members of the Fiendnight Clan members of the Fiendnight Clan.
Then, they saw a person turn into a black line and dash toward the longbow-wielding woman at an extremely fast speed!
"Luo Tianxing, it's useless! Come back quickly! "Bai Wei advised.
The branches of the Withered Tree Spirit were of different lengths, and the closer one got to the Withered Tree Spirit, the more branches there were!
Before entering the Withered Tree Door, everyone had tried their best to stay between the two giant Withered Tree Spirits. That way, they could avoid most of the branches ….
Even though the Withered Tree Spirit looked old and mottled, it was actually quite intelligent. It had purposely dragged a person away without killing him in order to lure other cultivators to save him. That way, it would be able to kill even more cultivators!
The first time they'd entered the Withered Tree Door, one of the members of the Fiendnight Clan had been dragged into the Withered Tree Spirit as well. After that, because they'd tried to save each other, they'd all been wiped out. Everyone had left half of their Illusory Points in the Withered Tree Door before being sent back to the main city.
That was why when the woman with the longbow had been dragged into the Withered Tree Spirit, Bai Wei had called for someone to save her. However, now that she'd been dragged into the Withered Tree Spirit, Bai Wei had tried to stop Luo Zheng from saving her.
However, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to Bai Wei's words and continued charging forward!
"Hu hu hu hu …."
When Luo Zheng approached the woman with the longbow, countless whistling sounds could be heard. Fifty to sixty branches flew towards Luo Zheng.
"Ka ka ka …."
All the branches wrapped around Luo Zheng and the woman with the longbow in an instant, wrapping the two of them tightly. It was like a giant cocoon made of branches!
As the branches shrank, the giant cocoon slowly shrank back towards the Withered Tree Spirit's main body.
"This human cultivator is an idiot. I told him not to save her, but he still foolishly charged forward!" a member of the Fiendnight Clan said expressionlessly.
"He's not bad, but he's a little stupid …."
"He's not of much use anyway. He can only be considered a burden. It's good that he left. He probably doesn't have many Illusory Points, so it's not a pity if he dies."
Bai Wei looked at the giant cocoon with a complicated expression. She had a faint premonition that this person wouldn't die because of this!
Her premonition was relatively accurate. When she first saw Luo Zheng, she felt that he wasn't ordinary. Although she couldn't estimate Luo Zheng's true strength, she felt that he was at least as strong as Liu Yu. Of course, he definitely couldn't compare to Aizen ….
Would he really be sent back to the main city like this?
However, just as Bai Wei thought this, she heard a faint sound.
"Ka …."
This sound came from the giant cocoon.
"Ka ka ka …."
The sound grew louder and louder, but she didn't know what was happening inside.
"Boom!"
She heard a loud sound!
The wooden cocoon formed by the withered branches instantly exploded. Then Bai Wei saw Luo Tianxing grab the longbow-wielding woman and run towards them!
Bai Wei's eyes widened when she saw this scene. She almost forgot to dodge when a withered branch came whipping at her.
This guy ….
Don't underestimate these branches. Although they looked like ordinary branches, the rich power of the Law of Life gave them unimaginable toughness.
Swords and blades couldn't break them, water and fire couldn't hurt them. Even an ordinary Divine Weapon wouldn't be easy to cut open one of these branches.
Just now, Luo Tianxing and the longbow-woman were wrapped in layers of branches. It was almost impossible for them to break free. Aizen was also entangled and couldn't break free.
But Luo Zheng only used two or three breaths of time to break free from the cocoon. How could Bai Wei not be surprised?
The other Demon Night Clan cultivators were the same ….
Just a breath ago, they were still mocking Luo Zheng, but then something so incredible happened. For a moment, their expressions were very unnatural.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh ~"
Sharp whistling sounds surrounded Luo Zheng's ears.
He held the longbow woman in his arms, but his expression was still calm. Facing the branches whipping towards him, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he punched out whenever a branch came close!
"Pa!"
Following a series of crisp sounds, the withered branches were shattered by Luo Zheng's attack.
With Luo Zheng's strength, he could easily tear apart these two giant branches with his bare hands ….
It's just that these two branches originally formed the Withered Tree Gate. He was afraid that if he tore them apart, the gate would disappear, so he suppressed this idea in his heart.
As for these branches, why would Luo Zheng care about them?
"Continue to rush over! Let's go! " Bai Wei was shocked, but she also understood that she chose the right person. This person's strength was much stronger than she imagined!
It seems that Aizen and Liu Yu's predicament can be solved!
But Luo Tianxing is an outsider. Will he lead the human race to take over the Withered Tree Gate?
At this time, Bai Wei's heart was filled with both joy and worry ….
The Withered Tree Gate is indeed a holy land for collecting fantasy points. Aizen and Liu Yu used this gate to enter the top three thousand of this year's Fantasy Gathering. No matter who it is, this place is very important.
But since she brought Luo Zheng here, she had no choice but to let him do as he wished.
But since this person was willing to save her Demon Night Clan member, his character is good. Now she can only pin her hopes on him.
(Thanks to Kang He, Zidian, Yan Zhiwan, Zhuo Han, White Wedding Only Wants To Be With You, Qi Qie, Yao Luoxing, Shanshan, Pi Yancong, Ying, Zhuo Bei, Chenxi, Xing Fa, Meow Planet, and Xiaofeng's dumplings! ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1226
They didn't waste any more time and entered the giant whirlpool between the two Withered Tree Spirits.
After passing through the whirlpool, they were safe for the time being.
Bai Wei took the longbow-wielding woman from Luo Zheng's arms and pulled out a long green arrow from the quiver on her back.
After changing the direction of the arrow, Bai Wei held the end of the arrow and stabbed it towards the longbow-wielding woman's forehead.
Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback when he saw this scene, but he soon understood what was going on.
The green arrow wasn't used to kill. Instead, it contained a powerful life force. Once it entered a cultivator's body, not only would it not harm them, it could even save them!
While Bai Wei was treating the longbow-wielding woman, the other cultivators from the Demon Night Clan were carefully sizing up Luo Zheng.
Just how strong was this person to be able to escape from the two Withered Tree Spirits so easily?
Their gazes contained traces of reverence. When they thought about what they had said, they felt a lingering fear.
Not to mention anything else, if they really angered this person, none of them from the Demon Night Clan would be able to survive.
After the green arrow pierced the longbow-wielding woman's forehead, ten breaths of time passed before she slowly regained consciousness.
When she woke up, a puzzled expression appeared on her face.
Previously, she had fainted after being whipped by the Withered Tree Spirits. Before she fainted, she knew that she would definitely die this time.
When she woke up again, she should have returned to the main city to revive.
She never expected that when she woke up, she would discover that she had entered the Withered Tree Gate. When she looked at her surroundings and Bai Wei, she felt as if she had just had an unbelievable dream.
When Bai Wei noticed the longbow-wielding woman's expression, he said, "It was that human cultivator who saved you."
"A human cultivator …" The longbow-wielding woman was startled. Her gaze fell on Luo Zheng with a trace of gratitude.
When he saw the longbow-wielding woman's grateful gaze, Luo Zheng only nodded slightly. However, he was sizing up the world behind the Withered Tree Gate.
In front of Luo Zheng was an extremely majestic and thick giant tree. Based on initial estimation, the diameter of this giant tree trunk was several hundred miles wide. Its height was even more difficult to estimate because one couldn't see the top at a glance!
When Bai Wei saw Luo Zheng's gaze, he took the initiative to explain, "This tree is the Ancient Divine Tree of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. It has 13 branches, and my people from the Demon Night Clan are trapped on the ninth branch......"
The Ancient Divine Ancient Sorcerer tribe?
The Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirits was in the Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirit in the Ancient Sorcerer tribe.....
....... and the Divine Ancient Divine Sorcerer tribe.
In other words, the Illusory Battlefield should be a collection of all the Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirits in the universe.
However, the items obtained from each Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirit were different. Luo Zheng didn't obtain a single Fantasy Point in the Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirit. Instead, 300,000 Fantasy Points were deducted.
Luo Zheng's Fantasy Points weren't deducted from the Divine Ancient Divine Tree. According to Bai Wei, he could obtain a large number of Fantasy Points from the Ancient Sorcerer Tree.
"Then let's go up." Luo Zheng didn't want Liu Yu to be sent back to the main city when he came here.
Bai Wei nodded. He took the lead and flew up into the sky.
Luo Zheng naturally followed closely behind him. The other members of the Demon Night Clan also flew up..
Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow. However, after flying up for an entire hour, all he saw was the bare trunk of the Divine Ancient Divine Tree.
According to Bai Wei, the Divine Ancient Divine Tree had a total of 13 branches. After flying up for an hour, they were at least a few million feet in height. However, they still hadn't seen a single branch. How tall was the Divine Ancient Divine Tree?
The higher they went, the more clouds there were. Even the nearby tree trunk was hidden in the clouds, making it difficult to see clearly.
Bai Wei, who was leading the way, slowed down slightly and reminded them. "Everyone, be careful. There should be Amberwood Voodoo Parasites further up. Remember to avoid the venom of the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites!"
Everyone's hearts shook when they heard Bai Wei's words, and they became more vigilant.
Not long after Bai Wei finished speaking, protruding tumors appeared on the bare tree trunk. When they passed by, countless cracks appeared on the surface of one of the tumors.
"Pa!"
With a crisp sound, a black, pointy-horned insect shot out from the tree tumor.
The pointy-horned insect spread its wings, and with a buzzing sound, it rushed towards the group!
The several Demon Night Clan cultivators didn't think much of it at first. This was because the massive tree trunk gave them a strange impression that the pointy-horned insect wasn't that big.
As the pointy-horned insect rapidly approached, they discovered that this pitch-black insect was ten feet long. To ordinary cultivators, it was a massive creature!
"This is the Amberwood Voodoo Parasite. Everyone, speed up and get rid of this thing!" Bai Wei said, and his speed increased even more …
Even if Bai Wei hadn't warned them, no one would be willing to face this terrifying insect. Even if the Amberwood Voodoo Parasite was only the size of a palm, it was enough to make one's hair stand on end. Moreover, this insect was so huge!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The several streaks of light that surrounded the Divine Ancient Divine Tree rapidly increased in speed.
"Pa, pa pa …"
With a series of explosions, more and more Amberwood Voodoo Parasites followed under their feet.
"What do we do? It seems we can't get rid of these Amberwood Voodoo Parasites!" A Demon Night Clan cultivator said.
To his surprise, Bai Wei's expression was very calm. "We couldn't get rid of them to begin with. The Withered Tree Door has been opened three times, and even Lord Aizen and Liu Yu couldn't get rid of them!"
"Then … how did they climb to the top of the Divine Ancient Divine Tree?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Someone has to make a sacrifice. Every time we climb a tree, someone has to be sacrificed." Bai Wei's eyes narrowed slightly, then fell on the black-robed Demon Night Clan cultivator.
This Demon Night Clan cultivator was flying at full speed, and his speed was probably second only to Luo Zheng and Bai Wei. When he saw Bai Wei looking at him, his expression changed. "What do you mean? Bai Wei, are you planning on making me …"
Bai Wei nodded. "These Amberwood Voodoo Parasites are easy to lure. Spark, go down!"
"I don't want to!" The Demon Night Clan cultivator called Spark shook his head. "I came here to help Lord Aizen! Why should I … "
"Hmph, your death would be the greatest help to Lord Aizen!" Bai Wei said coldly.
"Why don't you let this guy die!" Spark pointed at Luo Zheng. "He's an outsider!"
Being pointed at by Spark, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, but he didn't say anything.
These Amberwood Voodoo Parasites should be highly poisonous, but Luo Zheng wasn't afraid. After all, he had a Divine Artifact body and was impervious to all poisons. He shouldn't have a problem dealing with this poison.
If Luo Zheng attracted the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites and then retreated, he could do the same.
But Luo Zheng wasn't happy to hear this. Since he was an outsider, what did the Demon Night Clan cultivator's life and death have to do with him? What's more, Luo Zheng only cared about Liu Yu. After all, Liu Yu helped him a lot back in the Seagod Continent.
Bai Wei's face darkened at Spark's words. He said coldly, "If you go down and attract the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites, I will report to Lord Aizen and make up for your lost Fantasy Points. Otherwise …"
Although there weren't many fights in the Demon Night Clan's main city, if someone disrupted the order, the consequences would be tragic.
Spark's face showed a trace of hesitation, but in the end, he clenched his teeth and swooped down.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
As it flew downwards, an orange light flickered around it. Within that light, countless long spears with majestic auras shot out.
The hundreds of Amberwood Voodoo Parasites that followed them were attracted by Spark's attack. They gathered together and rushed towards him.
"Die!"
Naturally, Spark was very unwilling to be forced to die. In his anger, he attacked the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites without restraint.

Chapter 1227
The black venom contained an extremely strong corrosive property!
In the blink of an eye, the protective orange light protecting Spark was completely corroded.
Then, everyone heard a violent roar coming from below!
Although one would not really die in the Illusory Battlefield, the physical pain was real. It was not a good experience to be corroded to death by the venom.
Everyone's hearts trembled slightly when they heard the sound.
"Let's leave quickly. After this, we should be able to reach the first branch!" Bai Wei reminded them.
Seeing Spark's miserable state, they did not stop at all, for fear that the Evil Bug Wood would catch up with them again …
Not long after, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered with a faint green light. Through the white fog, he saw a thick branch!
Just a single branch was enough to hold an entire city!
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was an extremely powerful tribe in ancient times, and the Great Toona Sacred Tree was the Holy Land of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe.
The Great Sorcerer of the Sorcerer Tribe was also a Celestial Master. One of the Great Sorcerer Tribe's Great Sorcerer Tribe controlled the strongest Will of Heaven in the universe, the Sorcerer Incantation Killing Thought!
This Will of Heaven was the strongest, and it was an existence that made people's hair stand on end.
It was said that the Great Sorcerer who controlled this Will of Heaven only needed to know the other party's name and appearance to create a Will of Heaven in his mind and kill the other party in his imagination!
In other words, if Luo Zheng controlled this Will of Heaven, after seeing someone, he only needed to imagine himself killing that person in his mind, and that person would be killed!
The imagination of living creatures was boundless. Who could resist such a terrifying Will of Heaven?
This was really a method that could kill people with just a thought …
However, for some unknown reason, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had suddenly disappeared from the universe, and not even a trace of them could be found!
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, which had originally controlled thousands of Great Worlds, had been a colossal existence in the Ancient Times. However, the entire Sorcerer Tribe had mysteriously disappeared, and no trace of this tribe could be found in any of the Holy Lands … This matter could be considered a strange occurrence in this era, and until now, it had remained a huge mystery!
"We can go up directly. Why are we still on this tree?" Luo Zheng asked after stepping on the huge tree.
Bai Wei shook his head and said, "It's not that easy. Starting from the first tree trunk, it contains an extremely powerful curse. If you don't follow the path on the tree trunk and fly directly up, you will explode and die! No exceptions! "
The first time they opened the Dead Tree Gate, even Aizen himself exploded. Later on, they learned that the Great Toon Heavenly Tree wasn't something that could be casually climbed.
Under Bai Wei's guidance, they walked along the trunk for a while, but they didn't encounter any danger …
"Master Aizen and the others have already gone up. The trouble on the tree should have been dealt with. The next time the door opens, the beasts and insects will appear again," Bai Wei explained.
Without any difficulties or obstacles, the speed at which everyone advanced was naturally extremely fast.
Not long after, the group arrived at the end of the tree trunk. There was an ancient wooden plate at the end of the tree trunk, and on the wooden plate, fist-sized skulls were neatly arranged. These skulls were so small that they did not belong to an adult, but rather to a baby's head …
Coming to this conclusion, Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown.
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe gave people a very strange feeling. It could even be said that they were disgusting.
"Step on the wooden plate and the curse will be broken. This is an ancient ritual of the Witch Tribe," Bai Wei said. He was the first to step on the wooden plate.
When Luo Zheng and the others stepped on the wooden plate, it began to slowly rotate. At the same time, the small skulls began to open and close their mouths, making "cough cough cough cough" sounds.
They were all warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm. With their powerful strength, they wouldn't be afraid even in the face of evil beings. However, this kind of sound still made their hair stand on end when they heard it echoing in this empty space.
Not long after, the wooden plate stopped spinning. Then, all the little skulls sank into silence.
Beneath everyone's feet, a faint light flickered, and these lights combined to form a series of profound words …
When the word appeared, Bai Wei said, "Okay, we can continue!"
It was these words that could break the curse on the top!
Everyone continued to climb.
Not long after, he encountered another tree trunk. He entered the tree trunk again, found the wooden plate, and obtained another line of words. Then, he went up again.
After repeating this process seven times, Luo Zheng and the others reached the seventh trunk!
Before Luo Zheng climbed up the tree trunk, he could already feel a strong aura coming from the tree trunk …
"We caught up to them!" At this moment, Bai Wei's face was filled with joy, "The Demon Race warriors didn't break Sir Aizen's Falling Leaf Array!"
What Bai Wei feared the most was that Aizen and the others were sent back to the main city by the Demon Race.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and suddenly turned into a streak of light. He drew an arc in the air and landed on the branch. Then, he stared ahead … …
…
At the end of the branch, Liu Yu held a thin sword. Her eyes glowed with vitality. Her entire body gave off a strange aura.
Since ascending, Liu Yu had been in despair.
She hadn't opened her eyes to see the vastness of the Upper Realm. She hadn't felt the violent energy of the world before she was thrown into prison by the Punishment King, never to see the light of day again.
But this time, the opening of the Dream Battlefield gave Liu Yu a chance!
She was like a prisoner who had been released from prison. She breathed in the air of freedom in this vast world.
However, Liu Yu also knew that the Dreamy Battlefield was just a stage. She could do whatever she wanted on this stage and compete with the warriors of the Divine Sea Realm. However, this stage would eventually come to an end. She would have to return to the prison and continue to suffer the pain of despair.
Liu Yu's outstanding performance and strength led to her being invited by Aizen as a companion.
When the Illusory Battlefield was activated, it was a projection of a cultivator's state before they entered the Illusory Battlefield. Liu Yu, who was imprisoned, did not even have a single weapon.
Her equipment was given to her by Aizen.
At first, when Aizen learned about Liu Yu's situation, he promised to give Liu Yu her freedom after the Dream Battlefield ended.
Aizen was a Sector Lord's successor of the Yao Night Clan. Her mother was a member of the Elder Council.
Aizen fell silent when he heard that the Punishment King was the one who had imprisoned Liu Yu and punished him with the Burning Cannon.
No one in the Yao Night Clan could fight against the Punishment King. A few years ago, even the head of the Elder Council was killed by the Punishment King!
But Liu Yu was happy that Aizen had such a plan. He was her only friend in the Upper World!
Liu Yu gave up her share of Dream Points and gave them all to Aizen. This was the only way Liu Yu could help her.
But this time, as soon as they set foot on the seventh tree, they were chased by a group of demons!
For the past few hours, they had relied on Aizen's Fallen Leaves Formation and Liu Yu's sharp sword skills to hold on.
In fact, even if she died, it wasn't a big deal. At the very least, this Dream Battlefield was a very happy memory for Liu Yu. She gripped her rapier and looked at Aizen controlling the Fallen Leaves Formation. She was unusually calm in the face of the Demon Race's attacks.
On the tree trunk, thumb-sized leaves were scattered in a certain pattern.
The edges of these leaves were like blades. If one wasn't careful, they could easily cut through one's Shield of Vital Essence and cut open one's body.
It was also because of the sharp leaves that blocked the attacks of these over ten fiend race martial artists!
All the demons were extremely irritable.
Once they stepped into the Fallen Leaves Formation, not only would they have to face the sharp leaves, but they would also have to face the Yao Night Clan girl's sword-light.

Chapter 1228
The demons in front of them were enraged.
After entering the Illusory Battlefield, these ten or so Demon Clan warriors had already plundered three cities.
Two of them were ranked in the top 500,000 in the Illusory Battlefield and in the top 10,000 in this great world!
By chance, they'd managed to enter the Withered Tree Gate!
But they didn't expect to encounter such a fierce resistance ….
After wasting several hours, they still couldn't break through the fallen leaves. They even lost two of their brothers, what the hell!
After the Demon Race cultivator roared, a giant shield appeared in his hand, "I'll charge in front, you guys follow me all the way. Brothers, let's do it in one go. I don't think these women can hold on any longer!"
"Let's go all out!"
"Fuck, what a waste of time. I wonder what kind of treasure is on top of this damned tree …."
The other demons responded as well. Unable to hold back, they gathered their strength and prepared to take down the enemy in one go.
A tall and slender woman from the Fiend Night Clan stood by Liu Yu's side!
She had a head full of sky blue hair, like the color of the sky was dyed on top of it ….
At this moment, Aizen's hand was surrounded by countless leaves. It looked like a bracelet made of leaves.
"Liu Yu …. I don't think he can hold on," Aizen said helplessly.
"It doesn't matter, we still have a chance to do it again." Liu Yu smiled faintly.
Aizen thought for a moment, then with a gentle wave of her finger, the edges of the leaves were dyed with a golden luster. "I like your optimistic attitude. If you can regain your freedom, you'll be able to shine even in the Yao Night Clan!"
Liu Yu smiled faintly. Aizen had said this many times already ….
Her assumption didn't exist. The Yao Night Clan didn't restrict their members too much, but the King's orders were ironclad.
Who told a nobody like her to offend the King of Punishment?
"Those filthy bastards are coming …."
"Then let's go …."
The two women from the Yao Night Clan had a resolute look on their faces.
Liu Yu did not care about the Fantasy Points. She only hoped that the time she spent in this Fantasy Space would slow down a little, just a little bit more...
The leading Demon Race cultivator carried a huge shield and was about to charge over.
A voice came from behind them. "Looks like we're not late!"
The Demon Clan cultivators were taken aback. They turned their heads and looked at Luo Zheng. They were all taken aback.
Human warriors?
How could a human martial artist appear here?
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he walked over slowly with a smile on his face, as if he had turned a blind eye to these Demon Race cultivators.
"Bai Wei! She brought reinforcements, but what's up with that human martial artist? "
It wasn't just the Demons who were stunned. Even Aizen and the Yao Night clansmen behind him were puzzled.
There was an agreement in the main city that outsiders could not enter the Withered Tree Gate. What was Bai Wei thinking? It seemed that she was the one who brought this human martial artist ….
As for Liu Yu, her breathing suddenly became incomparably hurried when she saw Luo Zheng. The thin sword that flickered with a faint glow faintly trembled in the air. Her eyes were still filled with disbelief as she firmly locked onto Luo Zheng's figure.
In the prison, when she was being punished, Liu Yu often heard Luo Zheng's voice echoing throughout the universe.
This human youth had ascended at about the same time as her, but in just a few short years, he had already caused such a huge commotion. Liu Yu couldn't help but sigh.
When she first met Luo Zheng, this fellow was still a puny "Warrior" ….
In fact, Liu Yu also had a small hope in her heart.
She hoped that Luo Zheng would rise ….
She hoped that Kaoru would rise ….
That was the only way she could be rescued one day.
However, as time passed, Liu Yu also understood that she was already someone who had been forgotten.
The universe was so big.
Even a single great realm was unimaginably large.
Even if Luo Zheng really did rise one day, helping Kaoru ascend the throne, or even pushing Yao off her throne, so what?
Would Luo Zheng's attention be drawn to a prison in a corner of a great realm?
That was clearly impossible.
As soon as this thought crossed her mind, Liu Yu despaired.
She knew Luo Zheng was willing to help her, but the problem was that she couldn't leave the prison. How could she let Luo Zheng know?
When the Dream Battlefield opened, all the Divine Sea realm cultivators stood on it.
But Liu Yu never thought she'd have the chance to meet Luo Zheng.
The Dream Battlefield was divided into 50 great realms. The probability of her being in the same great realm as Luo Zheng was only one in fifty.
And there were countless main cities in a great realm. The entire Dream Battlefield had hundreds of millions of cultivators. The probability of meeting Luo Zheng by chance was almost negligible.
But such a negligible probability had appeared. Her meeting with Luo Zheng was originally a miracle!
She was overwhelmed with emotions. For a moment, she was so excited that she couldn't speak!
"Human Clan cultivator, get out of here. There's no place for you here!" a Devil Clan cultivator scolded.
Luo Zheng was still walking slowly. There was still a faint smile on his face ….
If these Devil Clan cultivators looked carefully, they would see that Luo Zheng's eyes didn't fall on them. Instead, he directly looked past them and met Liu Yu's eyes.
Luo Zheng didn't know how Liu Yu was doing recently.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Liu Yu was an old friend. At least, she had helped him a lot on his journey to the Sea God Continent.
"Kill him," the Devil Clan cultivator with the giant shield decisively ordered. He felt a trace of evil from this Human Clan cultivator. This strange feeling made him faintly uneasy.
The leader of the Devil Clan cultivators, holding a mace, was the first to rush towards Luo Zheng!
The thick mace shone with a pitch-black metallic luster, and the sharp fangs on it were even more abnormally sharp!
The Demon Race martial artist gripped the spiked club with both hands, and the astral essence within his body exploded like an explosive. In that instant, the impact produced was terrifying. It was as if he wasn't wielding a spiked club, but a mountain!
"Not dodging?"
On the side of the Fallen Leaves Array, Aizen showed a touch of surprise. She couldn't understand the origin of this Human Clan cultivator at all.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, turned it into a knife, and chopped diagonally upwards!
This knife wasn't fast, it could even be said to be very slow. But the power it contained was unimaginable to any creature present!
"Peng!"
A dull sound was transmitted. The collision between Luo Zheng's knife and the mace wasn't surprising.
However, at this moment, the pupils of many cultivators widened. Almost at the same time, they sucked in a breath of cold air …
The thick mace was easily broken by Luo Zheng's knife.
Not only that, after the top half of the mace broke, it flew backward and turned into countless black fragments in the air. They scattered and formed a black drizzle on the tree trunk!
At the same time, the Devil Clan cultivator's hands that held the mace suddenly split open. Brown blood spurted out.
First, it was the area between his thumb and forefinger, then his entire palm, and then his arms. Soon, even his shoulders were shattered …
And the cause of all this was merely an ordinary palm blade.
Behind Luo Zheng, Bai Wei's eyes were like two stars rising! This guy's strength was still beyond her estimation!
As for Aizen, she came from a noble family, so her vision was extraordinary. After seeing this scene, her breathing became rapid, and at the same time, she felt a great threat!
She might have a chance against these Devil Clan cultivators, but after Aizen measured Luo Zheng's strength, she came to a very helpless conclusion. She was no match for this person.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1229
Aizen wanted to compare himself to Luo Zheng for the same reason as Bai Wei.
Warriors were always wary of those stronger than themselves. Sometimes, they would even be wary of their companions.
Besides, Aizen and Luo Zheng didn't know each other.
From the looks of things, Luo Zheng seemed to have been brought in by Bai Wei. But if he was so strong, why would he be willing to help her?
The Withered Tree Gate was a holy land for obtaining fantasy points. Every time one entered, they could obtain at least several million fantasy points. If this person was strong enough to occupy this place, the Yao Night Clan wouldn't be able to do anything.
From this point of view, it was natural for Aizen to be worried.
Luo Zheng's palm chop caused the hearts of all the Devil Race martial artists to tremble violently!
Although these Demon Race cultivators were irascible, their foresight wasn't bad. They knew they were on the verge of death.
There was only one path through this giant tree. One side was guarded by Luo Zheng while the other side was protected by the Fallen Leaves Formation. If they were surrounded, they would lose their last chance to resist.
"Let's kill this kid first!"
Making a prompt decision, the Demon Race cultivator with the giant shield on his shoulder rushed forward!
The other Demon Race martial artists also understood the situation they were about to face at the first moment, and they also moved!
These Demon Race cultivators were tall and sturdy. They were like small mountains as they rushed towards Luo Zheng ….
Bai Wei didn't lead the Yao Night Clan cultivators to follow. Her lips moved slightly as if she was communicating with Aizen.
Neither Bai Wei nor Aizen made a move.
As for Liu Yu ….
She simply looked at the youth in the distance.
When he first entered the Sea God Continent, he was still a young man. His body was slightly thin and he still looked a bit immature.
But now, Luo Zheng gave her a strong sense of confidence. These people in front of her could easily kill him ….
Someone who could defeat an Empyrean, how difficult would it be for him to deal with these Demon Race cultivators?
Since Liu Yu recognized Luo Zheng, he absolutely believed in his strength.
Boom ….
Accompanied by a violent explosion, the giant shield in the hands of the Demon Race cultivator at the front had already exploded!
And Luo Zheng's figure was like a ghost, constantly wandering around these Devil Clan martial artists.
Luo Zheng could slip through even the tiniest gap like a wisp of smoke. He kept a very close distance with the demon warrior as if he was sticking to the back of the demon warrior...
Then, he stretched out his hand and slapped the back of the Demon Race cultivator's neck!
"Pu!"
It was accompanied by a dull sound.
The leader of the Demon Race martial artists crashed to the ground, bursting into a ball of yellow dreamy light.
Before those dreamy light spots could enter Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng's figure circled around a large saber. He even stuck close to the edge of the saber and spiraled upwards, as if he wasn't afraid of being cut by the saber at all!
The moment he rushed forward, Luo Zheng's knee fiercely imprinted itself on the Demon Race martial artist's face …
Another ball of dreamy light spots exploded!
A sea of dreamy light spots crazily chased after Luo Zheng's figure, but they always maintained a distance of three inches from Luo Zheng!
The energy emitted by these dreamy light spots was almost negligible, but after Luo Zheng activated Eight Directional Flying Mist, his body was as light as a feather. It was also because these dreamy light spots were "boosting" behind Luo Zheng that his speed had more than doubled!
"Peng!"
"Pa —"
"Dong …."
Every time Luo Zheng shuttled back and forth, a muffled sound would erupt, and after each muffled sound, a Demon Race martial artist would fall.
The strength of these fallen Demon Race martial artists was not weak. The weakest among them was a core martial artist of a tenth-grade Holy Land. Because they were participating in the Illusory Battlefield, the weapons in their hands were at least second-grade divine artifacts, and there were even a few first-grade divine artifacts.
However, they were simply unable to catch Luo Zheng's ghostly figure. Even if they managed to catch a glimpse of Luo Zheng, he would be like a slippery loach that would float away in an instant!
If Luo Zheng was interested in fighting back, he would directly twist the divine artifacts in their hands into a pile of scrap metal!
This was a battle that was close to being toyed with. Even the spectators of the Fiend Night Clan felt a deep sense of powerlessness as they watched this scene — they would imagine themselves fighting against Luo Zheng, and after some simple mental calculations, they would quickly understand that they were no match for this person.
"Boom …."
The last Demon Race martial artist fell to the ground with a loud bang.
Luo Zheng's floating figure finally stabilized. At this moment, the dreamy light spots that had been chasing Luo Zheng all this time began to rapidly enter Luo Zheng's body!
"This group of dreamy light spots …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. After completely absorbing the light spots, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and revealed a smile, "There are actually nearly a million of them!"
The strength of these Demon Race martial artists was actually inferior to the Demon Race's Dragon Bird.
However, as the Illusory Battlefield remained open for longer and longer, the dreamy light spots continued to converge on a small number of people. If Luo Zheng went to the main city of the Demon Race martial artists again, the points accumulated by the Fat Wolves would certainly be many times more than before.
Luo Zheng took less than thirty breaths of time to deal with these Demon Race martial artists.
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, the fallen leaves were still in place. The edges of the fallen leaves were suffused with a faint golden light, obviously unusually sharp.
When Luo Zheng's gaze swept past the fallen leaves and fixed on Aizen, he saw the vigilant look on Aizen's face ….
[So that's how it is, you didn't attack because you didn't trust me?]
Luo Zheng thought to himself, but he didn't care. After all, he had already found Liu Yu.
At this moment, all the Demon Night clansmen were nervous. Facing Luo Zheng like this, they had no power to resist.
The moment Luo Zheng took a step forward, all the fallen leaves rolled up at the same time, forming a mysterious fallen leaves array. These leaves made a soft rustling sound as they rolled on the ground. All the leaves maintained a single direction, facing Luo Zheng.
Although Aizen didn't speak, her warning was clear.
Luo Zheng didn't care at all and walked towards Aizen ….
"Don't come over," Aizen warned. Her True Qi spread out from her body as she stared at Luo Zheng with her pale blue eyes. Her fingers trembled slightly, as if she would attack if Luo Zheng took a step forward.
Luo Zheng was still walking slowly with a smile on his face. It was as if he didn't hear Aizen's warning.
Seeing Luo Zheng enter the fallen leaves array, Aizen clenched her teeth and her blue eyes flashed with murderous intent. This Luo Zheng was too strong. If he rushed out of the fallen leaves array, she wouldn't be able to deal with him!
Aizen was about to control the fallen leaves to attack Luo Zheng, but at that moment, Liu Yu also stepped into the fallen leaves array!
"Liu Yu?"
Aizen froze for a moment before seeing Liu Yu's faint smile.
Liu Yu nodded to Aizen, "Don't worry, he's an old friend."
"An old friend?" Aizen froze.
Liu Yu nodded and smiled, "Do you remember what I told you? Only one person in this world can change my fate, it's him …. "
Aizen froze ….
During this adventure, Liu Yu gave a general idea of what happened to her.
How did she offend the King of Punishment? How did she end up being locked up in the prison to endure the punishment of corrosion?
Liu Yu said that only one person in this world could save her. That person was the storyteller in the universe, the one with the infinite roar token. Even dozens of Empyrean Sovereigns couldn't do anything to him.
Since Liu Yu said so, was this person in front of her Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng was now a legend in the universe!
In addition to being a legend, people also speculated about Luo Zheng's strength in private.
Some people said that Luo Zheng obtained the inheritance of Immortal Mansion and his strength was terrifying. He could easily deal with Dao Children and Heaven's Prides!
Others said that Luo Zheng's talent was average. He relied on external objects to kill Empyrean Sovereigns and his own strength was average. He was just a guy who disappeared into the crowd ….
But based on the strength Luo Zheng just showed, he definitely had the ability to fight against Heaven's Prides!
This legendary young man was standing in front of him. Even Aizen's state of mind fluctuated violently.

Chapter 1230
In front of Liu Yu, Luo Zheng didn't try to hide anything.
With a faint smile on his face, he nodded and admitted it.
Bai Wei and the other cultivators of the Yao Night Clan also caught up to them.
Bai Wei didn't know how to react to Lord Aizen's words.
"Luo Tianxing, Luo Zheng …"
He was the human cultivator who killed Celestial Master Broken Shadow!
Bai Wei's family was a side branch of the Yao Night Clan. Six years ago, Youmeng, who tried to kill Luo Zheng, was the head of this side branch.
It was hard to say who was right and who was wrong in the internal disputes of the Yao Night Clan. But after confirming that Luo Tianxing was Luo Zheng, Bai Wei was a little surprised.
No matter what, since Luo Zheng was an old friend of Liu Yu's, there shouldn't be a problem.
Aizen and Bai Wei were shocked, but they also breathed a sigh of relief.
Aizen's eyes flashed, then she smiled brightly. "I didn't know you were an old friend of Liu Yu's. I apologize for offending you, Luo Zheng …"
As she spoke, she gently waved her finger, and a small black tree appeared in her hand. This small tree was four feet tall, and its branches were only as thick as a little finger. However, there was not a single leaf on the whole tree, only a lonely tree trunk.
When she summoned the small black tree, the branches of the small black tree shook, and all the leaves flew back in an instant. The leaves began to grow back neatly on the branches, and it looked very magical ….
In the blink of an eye, the bare black tree turned into a small tree with dense leaves. Aizen put the tree away and looked at Liu Yu. She thought about Liu Yu's situation and then looked at Liu Yu. She smiled brightly and said, "Old friends meet, why don't we talk? Liu Yu's situation isn't good. "
"Not good?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he stared at Liu Yu.
Liu Yu's expression was a little unnatural.
In the prison, Liu Yu had thought of countless ways to spread the news that she was imprisoned.
But the universe was so vast. It was easier said than done to find a single person in a hundred thousand great worlds.
As for the Roaring Token, don't even think about it. Some Sector Lords couldn't even get a Roaring Token, let alone Liu Yu who was only a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. Plus, she had been chained up in prison.
Perhaps it was the will of the heavens that allowed him to meet Luo Zheng here.
But now that she was facing Luo Zheng, she didn't know what to say.
Aizen saw this and took the initiative to point to Liu Yu's situation.
"Yes, Liu Yu's been imprisoned and subjected to the punishment of corrosion. This punishment is second only to the Eternal Night Punishment! Every few days, their eyes would rot, their skin would fester, and their bones would corrode. Then, they would be healed by the power of life. The cycle would repeat itself, and every day would be a torment … "
Hearing Aizen's words, Flowing Feather's face turned pale.
She'd endured this for seven years!
She'd endured this pain for seven years.
Her time in the Dream Battlefield was probably the happiest time Liu Yu had ever been.
Here, she made friends with Aizen and the other members of the Yao Ye clan. Here, she was able to display her strength and compete with the other experts.
But soon, she'd have to go back to those days. Liu Yu shuddered.
That kind of pain was inhumane even for a cultivator.
Ordinary martial artists would usually not be able to endure for more than three years before going crazy …
Even for martial artists with strong willpower, once their willpower was exhausted within five years, their entire body and mind would directly collapse.
It was also because Liu Yu had grown up in the Sea God Continent. Cultivators who grew up in that chaotic continent were much more resilient than cultivators who grew up peacefully in the Holy Land. It was because of this resilient heart that Liu Yu had been able to endure these seven years. She had endured this cycle of pain for seven years.
Luo Zheng's expression darkened. His eyes flickered with coldness. "Because of … that bitch Yao? What a pity, I didn't kill her last time. "
That day when he had ordered the Life Risking Chaotic Battle, he had not locked Yao Yao within it. If he had locked Yao Yao within it, the things that happened below would have been much more interesting!
As soon as he said this, the surrounding Daydream Clan cultivators' expressions all changed!
Ignoring the upper echelons of the Yao Ye clan, ordinary cultivators were still very devout. Otherwise, the three Kings of the clan wouldn't have accumulated so much faith power.
It was normal for the Yao Ye clan to react this way when Luo Zheng suddenly insulted their Kings.
However, Aizen's expression was calm.
His mother was an elder and naturally knew about the conflict between the upper echelons of the Yao Ye clan. Many sector lords were already unhappy with Yao.
This Luo Congheng had already scolded Yao Yao before. Now that he heard it, it was actually quite normal.
Aizen didn't ask for anything, so the other Yao Ye clan members didn't do anything. They just looked at Luo Zheng with unnatural expressions, some even with hostility.
To most of the Yao Ye clan, they didn't care about the conflict between the Kings. In their hearts, the three Kings were supreme existences. They would use their lives to protect their Kings' dignity.
Liu Yu nodded.
Luo Zheng knew about the situation. Naturally, he knew that Liu Yu had offended Yao because of this.
However, he didn't expect the bitch to hold such a grudge. As a King of the Yao Ye clan, a supreme existence, she actually held a grudge against a Yao Ye clan member who ascended from a lower realm.
According to Aizen, the burning of the cannons was an extremely torturous punishment … …
Luo Zheng's eyes grew colder and colder.
Standing on this huge branch and looking at the boundless white fog in the distance, he suddenly turned his head and stared at Liu Yu, saying, "Three years! Just give me three more years and I will kill Yao and save you! "
Three years of punishment was also hard to bear.
Liu Yu did not want to endure the punishment of being burned by the cannon for even a day. However, when she heard that it would take three years, a look of anticipation suddenly appeared on her pale face.
What people feared the most was having no hope.
Liu Yu's martial heart was strong. As long as there was a sliver of hope, he would be able to support himself.
Actually, three years was a very short time.
Three years to remove the Yao Ye clan's King from her throne. If it was anyone else, they would think he was dreaming.
The fully armed Yao, with the help of the faith pool, was comparable to an Empyrean.
To remove Yao from her throne in three years, there were probably only a few people in the universe who could do this. And these people represented the strongest forces in the universe.
Before they could do this, they had to consider whether or not their own clans could withstand the backlash from the Yao Ye clan.
In the entire universe, the only person who had the qualifications to say this was Luo Zheng!
Because he had killed an Empyrean before!
Four true Empyreans had died at Luo Zheng's hands!
When Luo Zheng said this, the Yao Ye clan's martial artists' expressions became even more unnatural.
However, Liu Yu was their leader. If she didn't say anything, what could the other Yao Ye clan martial artists say?
However, the Yao Ye clan members were still a bit unconvinced. A Divine Sea realm martial artist wanted to kill their King in three years? These words were a bit too arrogant.
It had to be known that between the Divine Sea realm and the World Lord realm, there was the Divine Transformation realm and the Divine Sea realm.
Some martial artists had spent hundreds of thousands of years or even millions of years to cross this barrier!
But Luo Zheng said that he would only give him three years!
"Three years. I can endure." Liu Yu nodded, her eyes shining brightly.
Although she didn't believe that Luo Zheng could accomplish this in three years, at least Luo Zheng had given her hope. Hope that would allow her to endure three years of pain.
As for this fellow Luo Zheng, when he was on the Sea God Continent, he had turned the impossible into possible, turning the rotten into the miraculous.
In this world, there were only a small number of people who could create miracles. And Luo Zheng was one of these people.
Seeing Liu Yu's expression, Luo Zheng felt a bit of guilt.
After all, it was because of him that Liu Yu had fallen to such a state. It was because of him that she had suffered so much!

Chapter 1231
Aizen shrunk to the side, quietly observing Luo Zheng.
Not only her, but the other warriors, such as Bai Wei, also looked at Luo Zheng.
But Aizen's eyes were filled with curiosity.
In three years, he managed to kill Yao. This guy was really interesting. However, she did not know how he managed to reach this step. If she had time, she would definitely ask Liu Yu more about it.
After talking for a while, Liu Yu calmed down.
At least she made the right decision to enter the Dream Battlefield.
Next, with Aizen leading the team, they went to the stone plate at the end of the branch.
When the characters used to break the curse appeared under their feet, they flew up again. Not long after, they flew up to the eighth branch of the Great Toon Divine Tree.
Luo Zheng stood on the eighth branch and saw that it was covered with giant ants.
These ferocious ants had spikes all over their bodies. Their outer shells were bright red, and there was a flame dancing in their abdomens. It was like a big lantern.
"Explosive ants, after these ants are killed, there will be a violent explosion. It's best to scatter." Aizen ordered. She had been here three times, so she knew all about the ants on each branch.
Before Luo Zheng and Bai Wei chased after them, Aizen and the others killed all the ants on the way. Now, from the eighth branch to the top, they had to kill their way up.
"However, these Explosive Flame Ants don't have a strong defense. If you are careful when killing them, you will pass!" Aizen said as she took out the small black tree in her hand. Then, leaves fell from the small tree, turning into a rain of leaves that swept towards the ants.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Each leaf was comparable to a hidden weapon.
The leaves looked like they were floating in the air, but under Aizen's control, they were extremely sharp.
The carapaces of the Explosive Flame Ants were unable to stop the falling leaves at all. They easily cut into the bodies of the Explosive Flame Ants. Not far away, a Explosive Flame Ant's carapace was cut full of holes!
The two antennae on the Explosive Ant's head waved wildly, and the flames in its abdomen became brighter and brighter. It crawled on the ground and rushed towards Aizen!
"Watch out for this ant!"
As soon as Aizen said that, she quickly retreated. The moment she retreated, the light in the ant's abdomen flashed to the extreme.
"Boom!"
Following a violent explosion, a strong shockwave spread out with a flash of fire!
The air was filled with a burnt smell, and a mushroom cloud with a diameter of dozens of feet slowly rose.
The explosive ant's power was terrifying. If an ordinary warrior was hit by it, they would be turned into ashes.
Even if Luo Zheng's body was strong, if he was caught in the explosion, he would be seriously injured.
However, the ant itself wasn't difficult to deal with.
After killing the ant, Aizen turned around and looked at Luo Zheng. He smiled and said, "That's it, it's not difficult to deal with it."
What she did just now was just a demonstration.
But after Aizen's demonstration, Liu Yu, Bai Wei, and the other Demon Night Clan warriors all looked at Luo Zheng.
Why are they looking at me?
Luo Zheng blinked, and his face showed a puzzled expression.
But in the blink of an eye, he understood that they wanted to see him fight.
"I'll give it a try too."
Luo Zheng smiled and leaped forward. When he passed by a Ferocious Explosive Ant, he did not attack. Instead, he gently tapped the back of the Ferocious Explosive Ant with the tip of his foot. As his clothes fluttered, he charged forward once again!
The first ant crawled at an extremely fast speed under Luo Zheng's teasing. It chased after Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng didn't care. He continued forward.
Bang!
With a flip of his body, he flashed past another ferocious ant …
This way, Luo Zheng was being chased by two ferocious ants.
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do?"
"He's trying to lure the ants together!"
"He's crazy!"
When the other members of the Yao Night Clan saw this, they all revealed worried expressions.
Although the ants weren't strong, their explosive power was terrifying. No matter who it was, they had to be careful.
So if one wanted to pass through the eighth tree trunk, they had to use their strength. They had to lure the ants one by one and kill them one by one.
But now, Luo Zheng was swaggering into the ant swarm. Bai Wei and the others' hearts were in their throats.
Liu Yu had a faint smile on her face.
Strictly speaking, she didn't have much contact with Luo Zheng. But when she was in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, she received detailed information about Luo Zheng's deeds from the Tower of Sin. She knew that this was how Luo Zheng always did things. If he followed the rules, he wouldn't be Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all along the way, and the number of ferocious ants following behind him kept increasing!
"If so many ants explode at once, how powerful will it be?"
"Isn't he afraid of being killed by the explosion?"
Aizen had been watching Luo Zheng's actions with curiosity. When she heard the discussion, her expression changed. She seemed to have thought of something. She said, "Everyone, retreat. Try to stay close to the main trunk of the tree."
Now, everyone could see that Luo Zheng was planning to lure these ferocious ants together!
The might of a single Ferocious Ant was already so shocking. If hundreds of Ferocious Ants exploded at the same time, how shocking would the scene be?
"Whoosh …"
As Luo Zheng's figure moved forward rapidly, a black mass of ferocious ants had gathered behind him.
"Now's the time!"
His figure suddenly swept forward and grabbed a ferocious ant in front of him.
The Ferocious Ant was ten feet long, much longer than Luo Zheng himself. Furthermore, the Ferocious Ant was innately strong. Even the Ferocious Ant that was as small as a grain of rice could lift something ten times heavier than itself!
As soon as Luo Zheng grabbed the ferocious ant, it opened its two pincers and tried to clamp down on Luo Zheng.
He grabbed one of the pincers and with a surge of power, he twisted the ferocious ant's head off.
The moment he twisted the head off, Luo Zheng's other hand grabbed the ferocious ant's abdomen and threw it behind him.
The ferocious ant was actually a very strange creature. Ever since it was born, it had been constantly consuming its own strength to stabilize the Explosive Flames in its abdomen. It was very careful not to let the Explosive Flames explode. When it was seriously injured or on the verge of death, it was unable to stabilize the Explosive Flames! After the Explosive Flames lost its restraints, it naturally produced a violent explosion.
Luo Zheng had already twisted the ferocious ant's head off. The Explosive Flames in its abdomen had naturally lost its restraints. When Luo Zheng threw the abdomen, it was still flying in the air. The Explosive Flames in its abdomen became brighter and brighter.
"Crack …"
The abdomen rolled on the ground and landed in the middle of the ferocious ants chasing Luo Zheng.
Following a flash of light …
"Boom!"
The sound of a violent explosion could be heard.
The ferocious ants at the side did not dodge and were naturally affected by the explosion. Hence, the Explosive Flames in their abdomens exploded again.
"Boom, boom …"
The ferocious ants exploded one after another. This was a chain reaction.
When dozens of ferocious ants exploded together, hundreds of them exploded.
"Boom!"
A series of explosions rang in everyone's ears. The power of the explosions was far beyond everyone's imagination!
A huge mushroom cloud rose up from the spot where he had been standing.
Along with this explosion, an extremely powerful shockwave spread out in all directions.
Even the Great Toon Divine Tree, which was comparable to a giant mountain, was gently swaying!
Luo Zheng maintained a certain distance from the explosion. His legs were like nails, firmly nailed to the ground, bearing the impact of the shock wave.
Fortunately, Aizen had suggested for everyone to retreat from the beginning. Behind them was the Great Toon Divine Tree.
When the shock wave spread, it was like an invisible giant hand, pressing everyone to the tree trunk, making them unable to move.
If they stood stupidly on the branches, they would have been pushed by the shock wave and hit the trunk of the Daitoon Heavenly Tree.
In that case, even if they did not die, they would be seriously injured.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1232
Aizen, who was pinned to the tree by the force of the impact, had a gloomy expression on his face!
I shouldn't have let this guy do it, he's too barbaric!
After the impact of the explosion dissipated, everyone left the tree trunk one by one and jumped onto the wide branches.
Aside from Aizen, Liu Yu, and Bai Wei, the others were pale. Although they were far from the center of the explosion, they were still slightly injured by the impact. Their blood energy couldn't circulate smoothly, and their meridians were blocked. They quickly took out pills to heal themselves.
As the smoke from the explosion dissipated, Luo Zheng's figure slowly appeared in it. He was still standing steadily on the branch, looking completely unscathed!
"This guy … How did he withstand such a powerful impact?!" Aizen pouted as he looked at Luo Zheng. He suddenly felt that the heavens were unfair. They were all Divine Sea realm cultivators, so how could the gap between them be so great?
Liu Yu didn't look surprised at all. He just sighed inwardly. This guy was just as he thought. In just seven years, he'd grown to a level he could only look up to.
After Luo Zheng dealt with the ferocious ant in one go, there were no more obstacles on the eighth branch.
It should've taken several hours to carefully cross the eighth branch, but it took less than an incense stick's worth of time!
After stepping onto a stone plate, everyone continued to climb.
… …
… …
The Human Alliance, in an Ascension Pool in the Three Pure Realms …
A petite figure climbed out of the Ascension Pool. Along with a wave of cold air, the pool water on her body turned into ice shards!
Ding ding ….
With a slight shake of her body, all the ice shards fell into the Ascension Pool.
"The energy of heaven and earth here is so violent!"
The woman looked up at her surroundings, and her beautiful eyes couldn't conceal the curiosity in them.
Then she slowly walked down from the Ascension Pool ….
"You, and the rest of you, stay there obediently!" ordered a soldier.
Hearing this, the woman raised an eyebrow, but when she noticed the soldier's cultivation, her eyes narrowed. Late-stage Divine Sea realm cultivators!
She did not choose to resist. Instead, she gathered together with the other ascenders.
All of the ascenders had a beautiful vision of the Upper Realm.
However, they did not know that the competition in the Upper Realms was even more brutal than in the Lower Realms. In the Lower Realms, they were peak existences. In the Lower Realms, they were absolute kings.
However, the Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Upper Realm were too ordinary. This kind of difference in status was a lesson that almost every ascender had to learn.
She curled up in a corner, trying to get used to the violent Heaven Earth Origin Qi, but her face revealed a trace of longing …
"My husband was at the Life and Death realm in the past. Now, more than six years have passed. I wonder what his cultivation has been like. Has he stepped into the Divine Sea …?"
This woman was the master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie.
After several years of adventuring, her cultivation had broken through to the Divine Sea!
When Luo Zheng left that year, she was already pregnant with a son named Luo Nian. She was pinning her longing for Luo Zheng on her son.
However, after these years, Luo Nian was already seven years old. Looking at Luo Nian, who was almost the same as Luo Zheng, her longing did not decrease, but increased with each passing day.
When martial artists became partners, it was normal for them to be separated for several years, or even decades.
Some extreme people would go into seclusion for a hundred years. Although they were separated by one level, they could indeed be separated by a hundred years …
However, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin's bone ages were not old. Their state of mind had not been settled by time, so how could they be indifferent and think hard during this time?
In order to abandon the torment of longing, she cultivated quietly, but she did not want to break through to the Divine Sea realm in these six years.
Luo Nian was seven years old. He was also extremely intelligent since childhood. Coupled with the status of the Cloud Hall in the Central Domain, the foundation of his small body was far stronger than that of ordinary children. He had broken through to the Xiantian Realm at the age of six. Now, Luo Nian's cultivation was at the Xiantian Realm Level Four.
She was reluctant to leave Nian 'er when she ascended to the Upper Realm, but in the end, she decided to ascend to find her husband!
"This Upper Realm is boundless, so vast that you can't imagine …"
"Even with the speed of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, it will take a hundred years to go from one end of this Upper Realm to the other!"
"We belong to the Jade Pure Holy Land of the Three Pure Realms, a tenth-grade Holy Land! And the Realm Master of the Three Pure Realms is also the Holy Lord of our Jade Pure Holy Land … "
The Divine Sea Realm soldier in front of them roughly explained some things to this group of ascenders.
And Ning Yudie's heart was constantly shaken when she heard it!
She knew that the Upper Realm was vast and could not be compared to the Boundless World where she lived.
Even if she ascended to the Upper Realm, the journey to find Luo Zheng would be extremely difficult …
However, listening to the soldier in front of her, the area of these 100,000 Upper Realms was still far beyond her imagination!
Crossing a Upper Realm would take a hundred years with the speed of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist?
This Upper Realm was already ridiculously large, not to mention that there were 100,000 Upper Realms. Finding her husband among them would be harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
She had ascended and was actually in a tenth-grade Holy Land?
What kind of strength did this Holy Land have …
All kinds of thoughts immediately made Ning Yudie's mind confused!
"All ascenders, follow me!" After the soldier explained the general situation, he was about to take Ning Yudie and the others away. As he walked, he sighed and said, "When the Illusory Battlefield opened this time, the group of ascenders who were mining also slipped into the Illusory Battlefield. Now, the entire mine is in a state of abandonment, and we urgently lack manpower. You need to go to the mine of our Jade Pure Holy Land to mine …"
It turned out that when the Illusory Battlefield opened, all Divine Sea Realm martial artists could participate!
Although the mine strictly prohibited ascenders from entering the Illusory Battlefield, it was impossible to stop them. After all, as long as they took a step, a Divine Sea Realm martial artist would be able to enter. There was nothing they could do about it.
What was even more infuriating was that the Jade Pure Holy Land strictly forbade these deacons from entering the Illusory Battlefield. They could only watch helplessly as they missed this excellent opportunity to gain experience.
"Mining? How long do we need to dig? "An ascender asked.
"Hehe, it depends on your strength. Some people are lucky and bold, so they can dig for three to five years. There are also ascenders who dig for more than a hundred years!" The Divine Sea Realm soldier laughed.
As soon as these words came out, all the ascenders were stunned.
Ascending to the Upper Realm would take more than a hundred years? This was too different from their expectations!
Ning Yudie followed behind the group in silence. She was also hesitant in her heart, not knowing how to face this …
Originally, Ning Yudie was a woman who was quite independent, but after marrying Luo Zheng, her thoughts changed. She had a special dependence on Luo Zheng.
But now, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to appear in front of her!
With her husband's talent, he should be able to become a core martial artist in a tenth-rank Holy Land, right?
It was just that there were so many large realms in the Upper Realm. She did not know which tenth-rank Holy Land he had entered.
Was she really going to mine here for dozens of years?
She regretted it in her heart. If she had known, she would not have ascended. After all, there was still Nian 'er in the Lower Realm for her to worry about …
These soldiers were the ones who brought Ning Yudie through the spatial tunnel, moving forward!
However, halfway through, a soldier entered the group and stopped in front of Ning Yudie. "You don't have to mine anymore."
"Huh?" Ning Yudie was slightly stunned.
"Follow me. I'll do it," the soldier said again.
Ning Yudie's eyes flickered, but she did not know what had happened to her. Anyway, after ascending, she was a little confused.
It seemed like it was a good thing that she did not need to mine.
Thus, Ning Yudie followed the soldier and left the group of ascenders. After moving forward in the space passage for a while, they left and arrived at a large city!
After admiring the majesty of the large city in the Upper Realm, Ning Yudie was brought into an exquisite palace.
In this palace, there were already dozens of women gathered. These women all had the cultivation of the Divine Ocean Realm …
After listening to their conversation, Ning Yudie found out that these women were like her, ascenders.
Not long after ascending, they were brought here. No one knew what was going on.
There were guards outside this palace, and they could not go out easily.
At this moment, a bad premonition arose in Ning Yudie's heart.
Many of the women did not know what their fates were, so they could only concentrate on cultivating.

Chapter 1233
After the three men entered the palace, the leader let out a chuckle and said, "Second brother, these women are the cultivators that ascended from our Jade Pure Holy Land!"
"Lower realm cultivators, those that can cultivate to the Divine Sea realm are all absolute beauties. Hehe, second brother, do you think my point of view is correct?" The leader said.
The man standing in the middle was the most handsome. The moment he entered, he attracted the attention of all the women. He said indifferently, "Those that can ascend must be the most talented cultivators in the lower realm. Since young, they used face nourishing pills and face changing pills to maintain their youth. Naturally, this is the case …"
The Divine Sea realm women had been waiting here for many days. Now that they saw the three men enter, they naturally wanted to know what was going on.
The woman in the lead asked, "Young Masters, may I know why the Jade Pure Holy Land has arranged for us to stay here?"
One of the three men laughed, "There's no reason. I just feel that it's not easy for women to ascend, so I'm saving you from the pain of mining!"
Although the ascended cultivators in the palace were all women, they had experienced a lot of ascension. Naturally, they wouldn't be moved by this sentence.
On the contrary, they knew that this matter wasn't simple.
"If that's the case, why do you still need to imprison us here? Why don't you set us free?" A woman said with a smile.
Hearing the woman's words, Ning Yudie's eyes flashed. If she could obtain her freedom, she could stand up and find Luo Zheng. However, since the three men invited them here, it was impossible for them to leave casually …
As expected, the man laughed, "My Jade Pure Holy Land is the leader of the Three Pure World. You all ascended from thousands of miles away. Are you all going to give up the chance to join my Jade Pure Holy Land?"
The moment he said this, the women were all worried.
They knew that they were under someone else's roof. They could only wait and see what the man said.
"Martial uncle Hai of my Jade Pure Sacred Ground is recruiting disciples. Martial uncle Hai is a half-step Sector Lord. It's your fortune to be able to become his disciple. Follow me … however, martial uncle Hai has a limit to his recruitment of disciples. He can't accept just anyone. It'll depend on your luck to be able to catch his eye!"
"Take a half-step Sector Lord as his master?"
"I, Sun Linghua, have never had a master since I stepped onto the path of Martial Arts. I don't care what my master's cultivation is, I won't worship him …"
"I knew she was up to no good. There are so many women in the Spirit Ocean Realm in the Upper Worlds. Why did she insist on taking us in as her disciples?"
How intelligent were these women? When they heard this, they vaguely understood what was going on. Naturally, they were extremely unhappy.
But why would these three men at the Ultimate Divine Stage care about them?
Under his orders, a group of armored soldiers surged out from outside the house. These armored soldiers took out numerous grey bracelets and put them on one by one. Those were the Spirit Restriction Bracelets.
Those who wear this bracelet will not be able to circulate their True Yuan.
Some of the girls wanted to resist, but in the face of three Extreme God Realm warriors and dozens of Spirit Sea Realm warriors, they were only warriors who had just entered the Spirit Sea Realm. How could they resist?
Ning Yudie didn't resist. Instead, she rubbed the ring on her ring finger. She had given her first sumeru ring to Luo Zheng. Later, she asked the Cloud Hall's craftsmen to create a new one.
In her heart, she was silently praying that Luo Zheng would protect her …
…
…
In the Dream Battlefield, Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that Ning Yudie had already ascended.
He, Aizen, Liu Yu, and the others were still rapidly climbing the Toona Divine Tree.
This Toona Divine Tree had a total of 13 branches. On each branch was a strange insect!
On the seventh branch was a Ferocious Ant.
On the eighth branch was a Human-Faced Cicada. This cicada had a lifelike human face on its head. It could even speak human language. It looked extremely frightening.
On the ninth branch was a Poisonous Ice Toad …
On the tenth branch was a Twin Winged Wasp.
On the eleventh branch was a Divine Power Weevil …
Previously, Liu Yu and Aizen had led the Yao Ye Clan to the twelfth branch!
However, every time they climbed to the twelfth branch, many of the Yao Ye Clan members would fall.
This time, with Luo Zheng's help, not only did their climbing speed increase, but they also didn't lose a single person!
In the eyes of the Yao Ye Clan members, Luo Zheng was clearly a monster.
The Poisonous Ice Toad and the Twin Winged Wasp were both extremely poisonous creatures that had been lost for a long time …
Even Liu Yu and Aizen would undoubtedly die if they were stung by these poisonous insects!
However, Luo Zheng rushed forward like a horse, allowing the thousands of poisonous insects to stab and kill him. He was like a stone, completely unaffected. He didn't put these poisonous creatures in his eyes at all.
As for the Divine Power Weevil, it was far stronger than ordinary cultivators, but Luo Zheng's brute force was superior. In terms of strength, he completely suppressed it.
Not long after, the group finally stood on the twelfth branch of the Toona Divine Tree!
At the end of the branch, there was a circle of round red fruits, a total of forty of them.
"You're saying that these fruits contain a large number of Dream Points?" Looking at the fruits, Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face.
Aizen nodded and said, "Each fruit contains a hundred thousand Dream Points!"
"So many!"
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised …
Before, Luo Zheng thought that plundering other people's Dream Points was a shortcut.
Most of the participants in the Dream Battlefield thought the same, so the battles were concentrated around the main cities …
Now it seems that the Dream Battlefield's arrangements were far more plentiful than he thought.
No wonder Aizen and Liu Yu repeatedly entered the Withered Tree Door!
With Luo Zheng's strength, he could climb the Toona Divine Tree alone. If he obtained these fruits alone, he could obtain four million Dream Points. Aizen said that the Withered Tree Door had been opened three times. If he entered all three times alone, wouldn't he have accumulated twelve million Dream Points?
No wonder he killed Ji Luoxue once and accumulated five million Dream Points, but he was only ranked in the top ten thousand …
"Everyone here can have one of these fruits." Aizen walked over and picked one of the red fruits. Now it was time to distribute it.
The eyes of the Yao Ye clan members lit up, one fruit was worth a hundred thousand Dream Points!
In fact, they had been following Luo Zheng all this time, so they didn't have many opportunities to attack. Getting a hundred thousand Dream Points was already very good.
"As for the remaining Dream Points, I will take thirty percent and Luo Zheng will take seventy percent. Brother Luo Zheng, what do you think?" Aizen's blue eyes stared at Luo Zheng with a smile.
"Okay." Luo Zheng nodded, but then he asked, "What about Liu Yu? Why doesn't she need it? "
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Liu Yu shook her head, "I don't need it …"
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
Aizen answered on behalf of Liu Yu, "If Liu Yu accumulates enough Dream Points, she will appear at the top. The Yao Ye clan has so many eyes, she will be noticed … Right now, Liu Yu doesn't need to be noticed. It's better for her to be forgotten."
After all, Liu Yu was still in the Yao Ye clan's prison. The top five million in the Dream Battlefield would attract attention. With Liu Yu's strength, it wouldn't be difficult for her to enter the top five million.
If Yao Ye inadvertently noticed her, the consequences would be even worse.
Although the possibility wasn't high, it was better to be careful.
Luo Zheng looked deeply at Liu Yu and then nodded, "I understand …"
Luo Zheng took the fruits Aizen handed him and crushed them one by one …
Every time Luo Zheng crushed a fruit, it was equivalent to Luo Zheng "killing" it in the Illusory Battlefield. Therefore, the illusory light spots that burst out from the fruit rapidly entered Luo Zheng's body!
After Luo Zheng received the remaining 70% of the fruits, there were 21 of them. After crushing these 21 red fruits, he obtained another 2.1 million fantasy points. This number was already very objective, second only to the fantasy points obtained from killing Ji Luoxue!
However, when Luo Zheng checked his ranking, he found that it hadn't moved at all.
In this great world, his ranking had moved up by ten places, and he was now ranked 267th.

Chapter 1234
After checking his ranking, Luo Zheng let out a sigh.
In the Dream Realized Battlefield, he had too many competitors.
Putting aside their strength, each of the hundreds of millions of Divine Sea Realm cultivators had their own opportunities and luck!
Warriors with both strength and Luck might have monopolized holy lands like the Withered Tree Door that allowed them to plunder Fantasy Points. Thus, the speed at which they obtained Fantasy Points was extremely fast.
If it wasn't for his relationship with Liu Yu, Luo Zheng could've driven away the Demon Night Clan cultivators and monopolized the Withered Tree Door. The next time the door opened, he could enter alone and obtain 4 million Dream Points. Ji Luoxue probably wouldn't be able to compete with Luo Zheng even if he took over a main city and relied on millions of cultivators to "pay taxes".
Aizen had been wary of Luo Zheng because she was afraid this would happen. After all, she was the Realm Lord's successor and wanted to obtain a good ranking. This time, she had taken the initiative to give Luo Zheng 21 Dream Fruits.
"There is a stone plate at the top of the tree that leads to the 13th branch. Why don't we go up?" Luo Zheng asked as he stared at the stone plate.
"We can't go there," Liu Yu shook his head at Luo Zheng.
Aizen blinked and smiled, "Brother Luo Zheng, if you want to try, you can try. However, the 13th branch is the peak of the Great Toon Divine Tree. The difficulty is not something we can attempt, but the rewards must be amazing."
Luo Zheng nodded, "I want to try!"
Even though he was ranked in the top 20,000 of the Dream Battlefield, this wasn't the end for Luo Zheng!
"We've climbed up to the thirteenth level once. The top should be the Legacy Grounds of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. Once we enter, we'll be attacked by strange sorcery. We retreated after a few of us died. Luo Zheng, you have to think this through." Liu Yu's face was filled with worry.
"Mm," Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, "If it doesn't work out, I can still retreat."
Since Luo Zheng had made up his mind, Liu Yu didn't try to stop him. She knew it was pointless to stop him.
As for the other Demon Night Clan members, such as Bai Wei and Aizen, they were looking forward to it. They had tried the Withered Tree Door several times but didn't dare set foot on the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree. Would Luo Zheng be able to challenge it?
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Luo Zheng once again stepped onto the stone plate. Accompanied by a series of strange coughs from the little skulls, another row of words appeared under Luo Zheng's feet. Without much hesitation, he flew toward the crown of the Big Toon Divine Tree.
At the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree was a huge gray tree crown. At this point, the originally lingering white clouds had completely turned into a lead-gray color …
The moment he stepped onto the treetop, Luo Zheng had a very strange feeling in his heart!
This strange feeling even felt a little familiar …
'Where have I felt this before?'
Luo Zheng, who was standing in the same spot, spent a few breaths of time to recall, but he couldn't find the answer in his own memory.
Above the massive treetop, brown and yellow branches spread out, forming a flat ground. And on top of this treetop, there were skulls that were dozens of feet in size!
"These skulls … should be the skulls of the Giant Clan. They seem to have been used as houses by the Ancient Witch Clan?" Luo Zheng looked around.
Luo Zheng didn't have much contact with the Giant Race. The Giant Race's martial artists were twice as tall as the Demon Race's martial artists. However, their movement speed was slow, and the Giant Race's talent wasn't too high. The only thing they had was their innate divine strength. Almost every Giant had innate divine strength.
However, in the Upper Realm, where there were many powerhouses, they couldn't compete with other clans just by relying on their physical strength.
Therefore, in the Upper Realm, the Giant Clan was considered a small clan.
After looking around, Luo Zheng began to explore the tree crown …
Perhaps it was because he was alone, but he felt that the atmosphere around him was becoming gloomy.
The Great Toon Sacred Tree was very quiet. Luo Zheng didn't feel this when he was accompanied by the girls of the Night Demon Clan. Now that he was standing here alone, he could even hear his own heartbeat.
"Thump …"
"Thump …"
"Thump …"
After Luo Zheng walked a few steps along the treetop, he suddenly stopped in his tracks.
At the same time, he frowned slightly …
The sound of his heartbeat seemed to be too loud!
However, just as Luo Zheng stopped, the sound of his heartbeat gradually subsided. After a few breaths, it disappeared into his ears.
'What's going on?'
After thinking for a while, he moved his feet again.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
Just as he moved, he heard his heartbeat again!
"Heh …"
A cold smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He was now sure that he had fallen into some kind of strange witchcraft.
The witchcraft in the universe was now considered a relatively small cultivation method. Since the mysterious disappearance of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, their witchcraft inheritance had also disappeared completely. Only a few witchcraft inheritances had been passed down, but they were no longer systematic.
However, this witchcraft was powerful because of its strangeness. It could often kill people without them noticing, making it impossible to guard against!
Luo Zheng knew that he couldn't see through this witchcraft, but at this moment, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He allowed his heartbeat to become louder and louder as he continued to move toward the tree crown.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
As Luo Zheng took more steps, the sound became louder and louder. It was as if someone was punching Luo Zheng in the heart.
However, Luo Zheng cultivated his body from the outside to the inside. The strength of his body wasn't limited to his muscles, bones, and skin. Even his internal organs had absorbed all kinds of flames and were as strong as divine weapons!
If it were any other cultivator, having their heart gripped by this strange force, they would likely be severely injured and unable to move, but Luo Zheng was completely fine. He even ignored the sound of his heartbeat ringing in his ears.
But after the time for an incense stick to burn, he stopped once more ….
"This path doesn't seem right … I seem to be walking in circles …"
On the path at the top of the tree crown, there were sixty to seventy giant skulls. After he walked a few rounds, he soon found that he was walking in circles.
It seemed that he was trapped here?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. His pupils were dyed with a layer of green.
After activating the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, Luo Zheng's eyes swept around …
Through the light lead-gray fog, Luo Zheng's pupils widened slightly. He couldn't help but gasp!
In the depths of this lead-gray fog, there were actually huge eyeballs floating!
Because he couldn't judge the distance, Luo Zheng didn't know how big these eyeballs were. However, to Luo Zheng, they were undoubtedly huge. These eyeballs were floating in the air, silently watching him!
No matter what kind of creature these eyeballs came from, anyone who was stared at by these eyeballs would feel creepy. Luo Zheng was no exception!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1235
"There are a total of 13 giant eyeballs. These eyeballs should represent some kind of symbol of the Ancient Sorcerer Race or even the supreme existence of their race …"
Previously, Luo Zheng had speculated that this huge Illusory Battlefield should have been constructed according to the will of the Heavenly Dao, and this will contained the memories of the Heavenly Dao.
Therefore, in this era, the civilizations that had been born, the civilizations that had been destroyed, and the civilizations that had survived would all appear one after another.
For example, the temple that Luo Zheng had entered came from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm …
For example, the Great Toon Divine Tree in front of him came from the Ancient Sorcerer Race …
The huge universe had settled down over billions of years, and countless civilizations had accumulated.
Some civilizations had only appeared briefly before they dissipated in the long river of history, becoming specks of dust in history. However, some civilizations had tenaciously and thrived, such as the Human Race and the Demon Night Race …
In that temple, Luo Zheng had obtained a Teleportation Token and could freely travel through this great world.
Then, what was at the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree?
To be safe, Luo Zheng could have chosen not to enter this place. Now that the Teleportation Token could be used again, he could also use it to escape this predicament!
However, there was no danger to one's life in the Illusory Battlefield. All the cultivators were doing their best to fight, so Luo Zheng naturally would not choose to shrink back.
Moreover, he had just checked his ranking. Although he had obtained more than two million Illusory Points, his ranking had fallen instead of advancing!
The fellows in front of Luo Zheng had either used special methods to plunder Illusory Points or discovered something that Luo Zheng had not discovered …
If Luo Zheng did not fight now, his ranking would fall even more.
Outside the lead-gray fog, those giant eyeballs only floated quietly in the air without any movement, as if they were just a strange background.
Luo Zheng naturally did not pay attention to them. He hesitated for a while before suddenly leaping up!
Since he couldn't see through this strange maze, he didn't want to compete with it. With a leap, he flew into the air.
No matter how elaborate a maze was, it could not extend into the air. Moreover, there was no restriction on flying on the Great Toon Divine Tree …
"Huff huff …"
Although there were layers of thick lead-colored fog in front of him, Luo Zheng was able to see the environment at the top of the tree with the help of the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes.
The top of the Big Toon Heavenly Tree was relatively open. It was a hill-shaped treetop. Along the way, the treetop was inclined upward at an angle of about 30 degrees. Its surface area was about the size of a main city. With Luo Zheng's speed, he could cross it in dozens of breaths.
At the top of the treetop, there was a ball of purple light swaying gently. However, it was too far away for Luo Zheng to distinguish.
"Phew …"
After Luo Zheng flew along the canopy for a long time, his eyes suddenly narrowed!
The reason he flew like this was to use the purple light as a reference. However, even after flying for a while, the distance between him and the purple light did not decrease at all!
When Luo Zheng looked down, he saw that the three skulls were placed together. It was where he had been standing before!
"There is some kind of power in this maze that binds me here. Is it constructed by the Law of Space?"
It was impossible for an ordinary maze to achieve such an effect. The only possibility for Luo Zheng to wander in the air was that only a maze constructed by the Law of Space could bind him.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly took a step forward. This time, he traveled through space.
His figure was like a long shadow, disappearing from one place and reappearing in another …
After repeating this several times, the ball of purple light at the top of the treetop was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng!
"It's effective?"
Luo Zheng's face lit up!
However, just as he was about to travel again, he heard a muffled groan. His figure staggered and slid out of the space!
But when he was shuttling through space, he hit an invisible barrier!
Looking at himself, he returned to his original place.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. He was really helpless.
"Thump, thump …"
Accompanied by the sound of his heartbeat, Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly wrinkled. The predicament in front of him was really troublesome …
At this moment, Luo Zheng once again landed on the treetop. His eyes were fixed on the big skulls.
These skulls were twice as tall as Luo Zheng. They were like houses.
Previously, Luo Zheng didn't pay too much attention to them. However, when he was traveling back and forth, he discovered that when he was far away from these skulls, the sound of his heartbeat would become softer. When he was closer to the skulls, the sound of his heartbeat would become louder.
It was this subtle difference that made Luo Zheng notice these skulls!
He walked forward, stretched out his hand, and rubbed the surface of these skulls …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. His hand exerted force!
"Kacha!"
A crack appeared on the surface of these huge skulls, extending from the cheekbones all the way to the top of the skull.
Then, Luo Zheng once again struck out with his palm. This huge skull finally disintegrated …
"Boom …"
The moment the skull cracked open, a figure was revealed from within. It was a dark figure that was only one-third the size of an average human! That thing was wrapped in rags, and one could vaguely make out its bony body …
"Whoosh …"
However, that figure disappeared in a flash and disappeared into another skull.
"It's … a shadow creature!"
When Luo Zheng was traveling through the lower realms, he had seen this kind of creature!
With a glance, he had a very deep impression of this bony body. At that time, a group of shadow creatures was chasing him and several people of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Why would he see a shadow creature here?
Could it be that this Ancient Sorcerer Clan was the Shadow Clan that was cursed by the God?
Just now, when he drove this thing out, the sound of his heartbeat disappeared. It seemed that this thing was most likely playing tricks on him!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. His figure flashed and followed in front of the next giant skull. With his whole body, he directly crashed into it.
The skulls of these giants were not hard. In front of Luo Zheng's Divine Artifact Body, they were like paper. He directly crashed into them.
However, the moment Luo Zheng crashed into them, from the two huge eye sockets of this skull, two bony black shadows appeared …
"Two?"
"These creatures are hidden in these skulls?"
"Whoosh …"
This time, Luo Zheng did not intend to let this thing slip into the next skull. He wanted to catch one and find out what it was!
This black figure was not big, but its speed was extremely fast. Luo Zheng urged his body to move, and with a grab, he could only grab a piece of rags behind it!
"Sizzle …"
When Luo Zheng grabbed this piece of rags in his hand, it turned into a black gas and corroded Luo Zheng's fingers. This thing was also highly poisonous.
If it was another person's hand, perhaps even the bones would have been corroded. However, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. He was still chasing after the black figure!
"Gira-"
Luo Zheng chased after one of them, while the other black figure stretched out its bony fingers. The fingernails on its fingers were like the claws of a wild beast. It was chanting some kind of incantation.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the incantation of the Ancient Sorcerer Clan was powerful, he did not care so much. He had to catch this thing in front of him first!
Although the figure was agile, its speed was still much slower than Luo Zheng's. When Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, the black figure could no longer dodge and was pressed to the ground by Luo Zheng. He lifted the cloak!
The moment the cloak was lifted, it turned into a black gas and began to dissipate. This guy in front of Luo Zheng did look similar to a human in appearance, but its whole body was black. There was no skin on its hands and feet. Instead, it was replaced by a hard shell that glowed with light!
"Gira-"
The thing that was pressed down by Luo Zheng seemed to know that it could not escape, so it also chanted an incantation.
Then, two black vortexes appeared beside Luo Zheng, and two palm-sized skulls emerged from the vortexes.

Chapter 1236
Facing these palm-sized skulls, Luo Zheng punched them twice!
Luo Zheng didn't put these tiny skulls in his eyes. He only used 10% of his strength in these two punches!
According to Luo Zheng's plan, it should be enough to crush them.
But he never expected that these two skulls would only be sent flying by Luo Zheng …
After being sent flying several hundred meters by Luo Zheng and piercing through two giant skulls, they actually circled back and opened their big white mouths, biting at Luo Zheng!
These little skulls … were abnormal!
"Gila …"
"Gila …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng heard the sound of incantations coming from the giant skulls around him!
Black whirlpools appeared around Luo Zheng, and little skulls drilled out from these whirlpools one after another.
"They really can't be broken?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he crushed the guy on the ground with his foot. Then, with a wave of his right hand, he grabbed one of the little skulls.
"Break for me!"
This time, Luo Zheng used the power of ten thousand dragon scales!
The surging power flowed from Luo Zheng's right arm into his five fingers. Under such a violent power, even a divine tool would be twisted.
However …
These little skulls were like boulders, completely withstanding Luo Zheng's power. Luo Zheng still couldn't crush them.
Twenty thousand!
Thirty thousand!
To deal with these little skulls, Luo Zheng almost exhausted all of his strength. He even used the power of the dragon scales to completely erupt the vital essence in his body!
But the little skulls still didn't budge …
At the same time, the other little skulls also bit at Luo Zheng.
"Cough, cough, cough …"
Luo Zheng spun in the air and kicked these skulls away. His figure suddenly flashed, and he wanted to kill the guys hiding in these giant skulls first.
"Boom …"
The giant skulls were broken apart one by one by Luo Zheng.
These ragged guys in black cloaks weren't difficult to deal with.
Under Luo Zheng's full strength, it was almost impossible to escape from his hands …
He went along the treetop, destroying these giant skulls one by one, and killing them one by one.
As a result, he found that he was getting closer and closer to the treetop.
If he wanted to get out of this maze, he had to destroy this maze. Luo Zheng finally understood!
Although Luo Zheng thought of a way to break this maze and it wasn't difficult to approach the purple light, a new problem arose. What should he do with these little skulls?
Since these skeletons were attracted by these strange fellows, Luo Zheng originally thought that the little skeletons would disappear after killing them. However, he had already killed more than half of these fellows, yet not a single one had disappeared. On the contrary, the number of little skeletons following behind Luo Zheng was increasing, and he couldn't shake them off at all.
Killing these fellows now had nothing to do with the Little Skeleton.
Half an hour later …
All the giant skulls on the treetop were smashed to pieces by Luo Zheng.
The guys from the Shadow Clan were also completely wiped out by Luo Zheng!
However, four to five hundred palm-sized little skulls appeared behind Luo Zheng. They were densely floating behind Luo Zheng, taking turns to bite Luo Zheng's body. Just looking at them would make one's scalp tingle!
"Scram!"
A majestic force gushed out of Luo Zheng's body!
That force slapped the densely packed little skulls behind him, and all the skulls were sent flying by Luo Zheng …
But after a while, they gathered around Luo Zheng and continued to bite him from behind!
The biting power of these little skulls couldn't be considered strong, and Luo Zheng had the body of a Divine Tool, so he didn't feel too much.
But if he couldn't get rid of these little skulls, wouldn't they always be behind him?
At this time, Luo Zheng finally remembered!
Previously, when he was surrounded by Celestial Venerables in the middle heaven domain, there was a Celestial Venerable who was followed by countless skulls. Those skulls were also constantly biting that Celestial Venerable.
That Celestial Venerable should have also killed a member of the Shadow Clan, so he provoked these skulls …
If a Celestial Venerable couldn't do anything to these skulls, then Luo Zheng would be even more helpless.
However, that Celestial Venerable was killed in the universe, and Luo Zheng was now in the Illusory Battlefield. But carrying so many skulls around the Illusory Battlefield wasn't a good idea!
After struggling for a while, Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't care anymore, he could only take one step at a time. At most, he would just treat it as carrying a "shell" made of skulls. These little skulls were so hard, maybe they could help him block some attacks …
After no longer thinking about it, Luo Zheng walked towards the purple light.
After breaking through the maze, Luo Zheng was less than two thousand feet away from the purple light. In front of Luo Zheng was a flight of stairs made of tree trunks. These stairs were high in the air, extending all the way to the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped on the stairs, a giant eyeball in the sky gently blinked.
A strange fragrance entered Luo Zheng's nose, and the surrounding fog turned from gray to pale yellow.
"Poisonous fog?"
The two most powerful methods of the Ancient Shaman Clan were voodoo poison and curse techniques …
That curse technique really gave Luo Zheng a headache. Those little skulls hanging behind him constantly grinding their teeth were proof of this. He simply couldn't deal with it!
As for the voodoo poison …
He completely ignored it.
Actually, this yellow poisonous fog was the Ancient Shaman Clan's long lost Tuo Luo Gu Poison!
The method to concoct this poison had long been lost, but according to some records, this poison was so overbearing that even warriors with three transformations couldn't resist it. Even some Sector Lords would pale when they heard about it. Back when the Ancient Sorcerer Clan was expanding, countless warriors had died from this poison.
But no matter how overbearing it was, it had no effect on Luo Zheng.
He was a weapon, but it looked like a human's weapon …
Luo Zheng walked forward another ten feet, and another giant eyeball blinked. The yellow fog dissipated, and what filled the air was a blue poisonous fog!
This blue poisonous fog made Luo Zheng frown!
It wasn't that he was afraid of this poison, but that this blue poisonous fog was simply too smelly!
That yellow poisonous fog was incomparably fragrant, and this blue poisonous fog was incomparably smelly. They were two extremes.
Luo Zheng could only cover his nose as he walked forward.
After that, every ten feet that Luo Zheng walked, the poisonous fog would change, and the smell would be completely different. But most of them were very smelly, either stinking or rotting. In short, other than the first poisonous fog, which smelled good, the rest of the poisonous fog made Luo Zheng uncomfortable.
If the Ancient Clan's almighty beings were still alive, and they discovered that Luo Zheng used this method to determine their Thirteen Killing Strange Poisons, they would probably vomit blood from anger!
The Thirteen Killing Strange Poisons were the pride of the Ancient Clan. The Thirteen Killing Strange Poisons each had different toxicity. Some poisons could cause a person's entire body to fester and die, while some poisons would hide in a warrior's body for several years before erupting. Once they erupted, there wouldn't be a complete corpse left, and the entire person would be swallowed by the poison!
But for Luo Zheng to use these poisons, it was a bit of a "reckless waste", too much of a waste …
These stairs filled with poisonous fog were like a heavenly moat to ordinary warriors, impossible to pass.
At this moment, Luo Zheng easily passed through and finally arrived in front of the purple ball of light!
That purple ball of light was like a ball of blue water floating in the air. After Luo Zheng sized it up, a trace of disappointment appeared on his face.
"Without those fruits and without the reward of fantasy points, what is this …"
Luo Zheng saw a rectangular metal certificate floating in the purple ball of light.
He stretched out his hand and passed through the purple ball of light, grabbing the rectangular metal certificate. His eyes flashed with curiosity.
After grabbing the metal certificate, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. He only saw the words "Karma Hall" on the metal certificate.
At the same time, a thought was transmitted from the metal certificate!
"Pay five million fantasy points and you can enter the Karma Hall. The Karma Hall needs ten people to enter at the same time. There are three people left before the Karma Hall opens. Do you want to pay fantasy points …"
When this voice echoed in Luo Zheng's mind, Luo Zheng was stunned!

Chapter 1237
Luo Zheng was very unwilling to accept the fact that he had only obtained an iron certificate and a body full of skulls after wandering around the peak of the Great Toon Sacred Tree.
He stood at the top of the tree and looked around. There didn't seem to be anything special …
He activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes and stared at the thirteen giant eyeballs!
"I wonder what's the reward for smashing these eyeballs?" Luo Zheng licked his lips.
In a fit of whimsy, he really leaped up and broke through the layers of fog, flying toward those giant eyeballs that were far away in the horizon!
However, he had only flown a few meters when a huge invisible force suddenly came from the sky and slapped down fiercely at Luo Zheng!
"Bang!"
With a crisp sound, Luo Zheng's figure fell down!
He fell from the top of the tree …
During this process, Luo Zheng tried to stop himself from falling!
At that moment, Luo Zhengcai realized that he couldn't defy the invisible force at all. He fell from the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree …
Liu Yu and Aizen had already descended from the tree and were waiting for Luo Zheng not far away.
After waiting for a long time, they were also guessing Luo Zheng's situation.
"That guy … Could he have been sent back to the main city?" Aizen looked up at the top of the tree. She couldn't see anything through the fog.
Being sent back to the main city meant that he died.
"It would be a pity if he really died at the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree. He had quite a lot of fantasy points. Half of his fantasy points were left at the top. No one would dare to go in and take it." Bai Wei shrugged her tall shoulders.
Liu Yu looked indifferent. "Probably not."
"But it's been so long …"
As soon as Aizen's voice fell, everyone saw a shadow falling down from the white fog.
"Boom!"
The force of this smash caused the ground beneath everyone's feet to tremble a few times!
Liu Yu's figure flashed and saw a big hole not far away. When she went over, Luo Zheng had already climbed out of the hole.
"Luo Zheng! Are you okay? "Liu Yu asked with concern.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Don't worry, I'm fine …"
Aizen was like a butterfly as he slowly floated over. Just as he was about to speak, he saw the skulls above his head. His face changed!
It wasn't just Aizen, the other cultivators, including Liu Yu, were also on guard.
"Be careful!"
Liu Yu's reaction was the fastest. With a slender sword in hand, an extremely sharp sword light shot out, piercing towards the small skulls in the sky.
"Pa pa …"
Dozens of small skulls were sent flying by this sword strike, but in the blink of an eye, they circled back and rushed towards Luo Zheng, biting his back tightly. Their white teeth were still gnawing at Luo Zheng's back, as if an evil spirit was grinding its teeth!
"This …" Liu Yu's eyes were filled with surprise. She knew very well how powerful her sword strike was, but there was not a single mark on the surface of the little skull that had been struck by her sword light!
Luo Zheng said helplessly. "It's useless, these skulls can't be destroyed!"
"What's going on?" Aizen's face was full of curiosity. He couldn't hide his smile. Although the skulls looked scary, Luo Zheng was carrying a bunch of skulls on his back. They looked like a huge tortoise shell. It was really funny.
"It should be the curse power of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe." Luo Zheng tore off a small skull from his shoulder and threw it out. "This thing seems indestructible. Is the curse power so powerful?"
After Luo Zheng threw the small skull, it spun in the air and bit towards Luo Zheng again. Luo Zheng gently waved his finger and a sharp wind blade cut towards the small skull. The wind blade was fierce but it didn't cause any damage to the small skull.
However, just as the small skull flew towards him, he caught it in his hand. His eyebrows slightly raised, as if he had thought of something. He lightly pressed his spatial ring, and a pickaxe suddenly jumped out!
"Black Star Pickaxe! Supreme Artifact! "
Aizen's eyes shone with a bright light.
She was the heir of the Sector Lord. She had all the best treasures in the Dream Battlefield, but Aizen couldn't possibly have a sovereign artifact!
There were so many Sector Lords in a hundred thousand Great Worlds.
But there were only three thousand Supreme Artifacts …
These three thousand were accumulated over countless years. It took a million years for one Supreme Artifact to be born.
This guy had a Black Star Pickaxe!
Luo Zheng did not care about the Black Star Pickaxe's origin. All he needed to know was that it was very useful.
Since the pickaxe had the power to dig through everything, he wondered if it could break the small skull.
"Bang!"
If he smashed it down …
The small skull was still a small skull, and the pickaxe was still a pickaxe. It was useless!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock. Even the Black Star Pickaxe could not break it?
The pickaxe used the Heavenly Dao's Causality Law. It should be able to break anything.
If even the pickaxe couldn't break it, it could only mean one thing. The Causality Law in the skulls was stronger than the pickaxe!
Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Whether it was the Ancient Witch Race or the Shadow Race, were they that strong?
Those cloaked fellows shouldn't be very powerful in the Shadow Clan. At the very least, it shouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng to kill them.
Yet, such trash was able to attract such a heaven-defying little skeleton. How did they do it?
Why would such a strong race escape to the other side of the world?
Even the Black Star Pickaxe could not break this little skull, so Luo Zheng could only put it away in his storage pouch.
Aizen reached out and "plucked" a small skull from Luo Zheng's back. After a while, she smiled and said, "I have an idea."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"These small skulls have been biting you, right?" Aizen said.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded, "The problem is, I don't know how long they'll follow me."
"But the main city is ruled by the Heavenly Dao. Fighting is forbidden there. You can try using the power of the main city." Aizen suggested.
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up when he heard Aizen's words.
He didn't think of that.
According to the rules of the Dream Battlefield, fighting was forbidden in the main city. Since the rules were set by the Heavenly Dao, it couldn't be broken. He didn't believe these small skulls could break the rules.
So he should try entering the main city.
Luo Zheng had left from the main city of the Night Demon Clan and traveled 20,000 kilometers to the north before arriving at the Withered Tree Gate. There were two main cities to the north and west of the Withered Tree Gate, and they weren't far from each other …
If he could get rid of these small skulls, he would thank the Heavens.
"Aside from these small skulls, what else did you get from the top floor? Don't tell me you got a hundred fruits? "Aizen continued to ask.
She knew she couldn't pass the top floor but she was curious about what Luo Zheng got.
Upon hearing these words, Luo Zheng's eyes widened. If there were really a hundred fruits, he would have to thank the heavens for a total of ten million Fantasy points.
He didn't hide it and took out the iron certificate, "Don't even think about it. Don't mention a hundred fruits, you didn't even give me one. You didn't even give me a dream point. You gave me this! Five million fantasy points will be deducted! "
"Five million points deducted!" Aizen couldn't help but click her tongue. Her accumulation speed wasn't slow but after so long, she had only accumulated two million points.
What was so special about this iron certificate? It directly made him pay so many points.
According to common logic, just entering the Karma Hall would cost five million fantasy points. In this large world, there were probably only three hundred or so cultivators. It could be said that they were as rare as the morning stars. The rewards in the Karma Hall were definitely not cheap!
But Luo Zheng didn't have time to think about this problem. He had to get rid of these small skulls first.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1238
Luo Zheng didn't return to the main city of the Yao Night Clan with Aizen and Liu Yu.
To ordinary warriors, the speed at which he obtained Fantasy Points through the Withered Tree Door wasn't considered slow, but it was far from enough for Luo Zheng.
Also, Luo Zheng occupied the Withered Tree Gate, so Aizen's share of the points would decrease. Aizen probably didn't want Luo Zheng to stay either.
Outside the Withered Tree Gate, many people from the Yao Night Clan watched as Luo Zheng turned into a streak of light and disappeared.
Liu Yu looked at Luo Zheng's departing figure with a complicated expression.
Aizen glanced at Liu Yu and knew what Liu Yu was thinking.
After all, Luo Zheng was her only chance to regain her freedom, but the chances were slim.
"I think Luo Zheng is strong enough to compete with the prodigies of the major factions. He might even be able to compete for the top 100 in the Dream Battlefield," Aizen said.
The top 100 in the Dream Battlefield were treasures no matter where they went!
These people were favored by the heavens and earth!
They either had a rare bloodline, peerless talent, or even heaven-defying luck …
Out of a hundred million cultivators, there were only a hundred or so left.
Only such cultivators were qualified to be called prodigies!
Liu Yu remained silent for a long while. When Luo Zheng's streak of light completely disappeared from her sight, she simply said, "Luo Zheng will stand at the peak of the Illusion Battlefield …"
Aizen's eyes flashed with a strange light when she heard Liu Yu's words.
Stand at the peak? Compete for first place?
Liu Yu's view was a bit too optimistic.
She admitted that Luo Zheng was shockingly strong, far stronger than ordinary Divine Sea Realm cultivators. With Luo Zheng's current strength, ordinary Divine Sea Realm cultivators wouldn't last more than a single round against Luo Zheng.
However, his competitors were even more terrifying!
Let's not talk about the prodigies of the other races for now!
For example, their Yao Ye clan's Si Sha's strength was unfathomable. It would not be easy for Luo Zheng to win against him. Moreover, there were so many great clans in the universe, and every one of them was a strong competitor.
Liu Yu's confidence was a bit too blind.
However, Aizen wouldn't point it out. If Luo Zheng could really do it, she would be happy for Liu Yu. Perhaps … Luo Zheng could really take Liu Yu out of that hell in three years!
After the Withered Tree Gate's fruit was taken, it would take about twelve hours to open it again.
During this time, Aizen would lead the Yao Ye clan back to the city to rest and reorganize. Now, they were on their way back.
…
Luo Zheng's teleport token could be used again.
However, every time he used it, he had to wait for a long time. Now that he knew he'd reach a main city if he continued north, he wouldn't waste it.
Before he flew, Luo Zheng's body shook violently, shaking off the little skulls. Then he turned into a streak of light and sped forward!
The little skulls chased after Luo Zheng endlessly!
Their speed was almost the same as Luo Zheng's. They could fly as fast as Luo Zheng could. Whenever Luo Zheng paused, the little skulls would open their mouths and bite Luo Zheng. It was really annoying.
Luo Zheng couldn't do anything about it.
After flying for about ten thousand miles, a majestic main city appeared in front of him.
Only after throwing a glance at the structure of the city wall and the forms of those buildings, Luo Zheng knew that this was a major city of demons...
After arriving here, Luo Zheng slowed down a little and carefully observed his surroundings.
At the same time, there was a burst of "cough cough cough" behind him. The little skulls bit Luo Zheng's back.
"Whatever, I'll try and see if I can get rid of these little skulls first." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shook, shaking off the little skulls. Luo Zheng turned into a streak of light and rushed towards the main city.
Outside this main city, many Devil Race martial artists were still fighting non-stop.
The Demon Race was originally a bloodthirsty and warlike race. In this kind of environment, their fighting spirit only grew stronger!
According to Luo Zheng's plan, after obtaining the teleport token, he would constantly shuttle between the various main cities and harvest the "fat sheep" outside the main city.
But right now, he was in a hurry to deal with the trouble behind him!
Therefore, he didn't even look at the Demon Race cultivators outside the city and directly shot towards the main city!
"Sou!"
The speed of the fleeing light that Luo Zheng transformed into was also extremely fast!
The Devil Race martial artists who were originally engaged in a chaotic battle suddenly saw this flight light, and a look of surprise flashed across their faces one by one.
After seeing that escape light, they actually saw a bunch of skulls following behind. These Demon Race cultivators also didn't understand the situation!
"What the hell is that!"
"The one at the front seems to be a Human Race cultivator …"
"What is he doing here?"
The Demon Race cultivators inside and outside the main city were also talking about this scene.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about their curiosity and just flew towards the main city …
But just as he approached the main city, a Demon Race cultivator flew out from the main city with a giant spear on his shoulder. He said with a sinister smile, "Hey, where did this Human Race brat come from? If you want to escape into the main city, then leave behind your dreams …"
Before this Demon Race cultivator finished speaking, in the eyes of many Demon Race cultivators, the escape light caused by Luo Zheng's flight took a turn and circled around that Demon Race cultivator!
"Pu!"
A spray of brown blood burst out!
The Demon Race cultivator, who intended to block the way, was cut in two!
The vast majority of Demon Race cultivators didn't even see clearly what method Luo Zheng used to kill him!
By the time they reacted, Luo Zheng had already arrived at the edge of the city wall!
This scene immediately caused the Demon Race cultivators present to reveal looks of horror. Those who were still talking about it were now silent like cicadas in winter, afraid that they would be targeted by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression was extremely indifferent. He wouldn't waste time here. He stepped onto the main city wall, turned around, and looked back. He wanted to see what would happen to these little skulls. Would they be obliterated by the rules of the main city?
Soon, the gloominess in his eyes became even more intense.
These little skulls were still grinding their white teeth, but they didn't enter the main city. They just wandered around outside the city wall, as if there was a strange force in the main city that kept them inside!
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and walked out of the city wall once again. As soon as he left the city wall, the little skulls were like sharks that smelled blood, once again biting at Luo Zheng …
After these little skulls bit his body, Luo Zheng entered the main city once again. That invisible force once again isolated these little skulls outside!
As for the Demon Race cultivators inside and outside the main city, as they saw this scene, they all stared at each other in a daze.
"What the hell is this guy doing!?"
"I thought those skulls were his weapons. He seems to want to bring them into the main city?"
"I don't understand …"
Just now, Luo Zheng had killed a Devil Race expert with lightning speed. Now that they were discussing, they lowered their voices. The strong were always revered.
Luo Zheng frowned and thought for a while. Standing on the city wall, he suddenly reached out and grabbed a small skull in his hand like lightning. Then, he pulled it into his arms!
He was originally standing on the edge of the main city. If he took a step forward, he would be outside the city. If he took a step back, he would be inside the city. Luo Zheng wanted to pull the little skull into the main city!
But when Luo Zheng pulled the skull to the edge of the city wall, he suddenly felt a very obvious resistance!
This force obviously didn't come from these little skulls. Because when Luo Zheng grabbed a little skull, he could throw it thousands of feet away.
It seemed like the main city's restriction was preventing these little skulls from entering!
Aizen's idea was correct …
If he could bring these little skulls into the main city, he could rely on the power of the main city to kill them.
But the problem was that he couldn't bring them in!

Chapter 1239
Luo Zheng's feet were pressed against a brick on the city wall!
The power within his body that could destroy mountains and expand seas was surging out!
If he were to stand on a wall made of ordinary bricks, the wall would probably collapse like tofu.
However, the main city of the Illusory Battlefield was indestructible. Even when he used his power, the wall under his feet didn't budge at all.
The target of Luo Zheng's power was the small skeletons outside the city. The rules of the city that forbade fighting didn't take effect.
It was just that the invisible power was like an insurmountable wall! Even after Luo Zheng lit up all the dragon scales, the small skeletons still couldn't be pulled into the main city. The small skeletons could only cough and grind their teeth in his hand. They were even biting Luo Zheng's fingers.
"Hu …"
Helpless, Luo Zheng could only loosen his hands.
It was impossible to rely on the main city's power of law to destroy these small skeletons.
This main city was indestructible. Even if Luo Zheng used his full strength, he couldn't destroy the main city's walls because of the protection of the invisible power of law!
Similarly, Luo Zheng couldn't pull the small skeletons into the main city!
These little skulls were a curse cast by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. Once they were summoned, they would continuously "attack" Luo Zheng. This was also the reason why they were rejected by the main city.
Unless Luo Zheng had the power to destroy the main city, he wouldn't be able to bring the small skeletons into the main city. If Luo Zheng's power was so great, he wouldn't need to rely on the main city's power of law. He could directly crush the small skeletons!
Looking at the small skeletons dancing in the air, Luo Zheng shook his head and walked a few steps around the main city's walls. The small skeletons followed him like shadows, sticking close to the edge of the main city as he moved!
"These guys …"
Looking at the small skeletons baring their white teeth, Luo Zheng was speechless.
Many demon warriors stared at the walking Luo Zheng. The more they looked, the more confused they became. They couldn't understand what Luo Zheng was trying to do!
After Luo Zheng walked a few steps on the city wall, he frowned and looked at the small skeletons. Suddenly, he jumped out of the main city and picked up another small skeleton. The power in his arms surged out again, and he ruthlessly smashed the small skeleton towards the main city!
The small skeleton was like a meteor, smashing towards the main city with an extremely powerful force …
"Boom!"
When the skull smashed into the main city, it still hit an invisible wall and bounced back at an extremely fast speed. However, it bounced into the ground outside the city and directly drilled its head into it!
"Pop …"
It was unknown how far the small skeletons underground …
Not long after, the little skull's rebounding force disappeared, and it emerged from the ground far away. It quickly returned to Luo Zheng's back and bit him on the back.
"Heh! I understand now. That human brat seems to want to get rid of those skeletons behind him! "
"I don't know where he got these things. They're so sturdy. I'm afraid they're even more powerful than divine artifacts, right?"
"…"
Even though these Fiend Race martial artists suppressed their voices very softly, it still entered Luo Zheng's ears.
He was originally very depressed, but when he heard these words, his eyes flashed with killing intent …
"Since I can't clean up these broken things, I'll just plunder fantasy points first!"
When Luo Zheng's aura changed, the faces of the demon warriors inside and outside the city wall changed!
Especially some demon warriors outside the main city!
One of the demon warriors reacted the fastest. Seeing that the situation was bad, he fled towards the main city at an extremely fast speed.
Although this brat's strength was extremely abnormal, as long as he was in the main city, he would be safe!
However, Luo Zheng didn't give them a chance …
"Whoosh!"
A small skull whizzed through the air and smashed into the Demon Race cultivator's head with a tremendous force!
"Pfff …"
The Demon Race warrior was also wearing a helmet, but the small skull directly smashed the helmet to pieces. The Demon Race warrior's head was like a fragile watermelon, directly exploding!
After a ball of fantasy light scattered, it flew towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to count the number of dreamy light spots. He simply tossed them out and then pulled off the little skulls on his back and shot them at the surrounding Demon Race martial artists!
"Pa, pfff, bang …"
All kinds of collision sounds came. Luo Zheng was helpless. In any case, these small skeletons were terrifyingly sturdy. Coupled with his terrifying strength, they could become a terrifying weapon …
However, he would rather not have these things!
In a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng killed seven or eight demon warriors.
As for the other demon warriors outside the city, most of them had already fled back to the main city. Some demon warriors fled towards the wilderness, but they didn't dare to return to the city.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to chase after them. He circled around the main city, tightly clutching a small skeleton in his hand.
Whenever he encountered a demon warrior outside the city, he would kill them all, smashing them with this small skeleton, killing them one by one …
The stronger demon warriors might have to spend a bit more effort, but the weaker ones would be killed in one move by the small skeleton.
The Demon Race cultivators in the main city began to feel despair …
None of them had expected that such a fiend would appear out of nowhere outside the main city. And it was a human brat!
When Luo Zheng circled the main city for the second time, there was no one outside the main city.
The demon warriors who were still fighting each other had either been killed by Luo Zheng and returned to the main city to be resurrected, or they didn't dare to leave the main city, or they fled into the wilderness.
"It's almost cleaned up. It's time to change the main city," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Half an hour after Luo Zheng left the main city, some demon warriors cautiously walked out of the city wall, looking in the direction Luo Zheng had left with some fear on their faces …
In the wilderness, in a deserted corner, the Teleportation Token once again appeared in Luo Zheng's hand!
After activating it, accompanied by a fierce white light, Luo Zheng's figure disappeared.
In an instant, Luo Zheng appeared in that strange space. He glanced around and raised his eyebrows slightly, "Those skulls didn't follow me?"
The Teleportation Token could allow Luo Zheng to appear in the center of a main city in an instant. If he brought these skulls into the center of the city, who knew what would happen. However … these skulls didn't follow Luo Zheng into this space.
After choosing a main city, Luo Zheng once again descended into it …
The main city that appeared in front of Luo Zheng was very unfamiliar. The houses in the main city were very exquisite. Those buildings had pointed roofs and round roofs, but it was a style that Luo Zheng had never seen before.
"The Night Clan in the Upper Realm seems to be a small clan with no name, but the buildings in the clan are exquisite and meticulous." Luo Zheng walked out of the main city while looking around.
The Night Clan was a clan that produced a lot of assassins. On the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had fought with this clan before.
This clan was good at assassination, but concealment and assassination weren't a path to success in the world of warriors. They couldn't occupy the mainstream.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the city wall from the center of the main city, his eyebrows twitched. Those hundreds of small skulls were already waiting for him outside the city …
He had used the Teleportation Token this time, teleporting at least tens of millions of miles!
But these small skulls could directly cut through the boundary of space and arrive here almost at the same time as him? Wasn't the witchcraft of the Ancient Sorcerer Clan too heaven-defying?
"Sigh …"
Luo Zheng could only bring these small skulls again and continue to "clean up" the city of the Night Clan.
Even though the Night Clan in the Upper Realm still specialized in assassination, under Luo Zheng's Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, those concealment and assassination techniques seemed very powerless.
This cleaning up was easier than cleaning up the cities of the Demon Clan previously …
After a few rounds, no one dared to leave the city.
"Let's change places." Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent, and he quietly left the main city.
But this time, he didn't take out the Teleportation Token. Instead, he took out the iron voucher.
Just now, Luo Zheng had cleaned up the "fat sheep" of two cities and accumulated a lot of fantasy points, but his ranking was still dropping …
The Illusory Battlefield's overall ranking had already fallen to 17,000, and this great world's ranking had also fallen below 300!

Chapter 1240
Luo Zheng's efficiency in obtaining Fantasy Points wasn't slow.
He didn't need to travel long distances between the main cities. He could use the Teleportation Token to easily change his location.
However, the amount of Fantasy Points he obtained couldn't be compared to some martial artists.
It seemed that he had missed something.
Or did this group of people have a secret that he didn't know?
When Luo Zheng took out the metal voucher, another thought came from it.
"Pay five million Fantasy Points and you can enter the Karma Hall. The Karma Hall needs ten people to enter at the same time. There are six people missing before the Karma Hall opens. Do you want to pay the Fantasy Points?"
Six people missing?
When Luo Zheng obtained the metal voucher, there were still three people missing!
Now, there were more and more people missing?
"No … there should be other martial artists who have already opened the Karma Hall and gathered ten people. The four people waiting inside should be from another group."
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His guess shouldn't be wrong.
It seemed that many martial artists had already entered the Karma Hall.
Five million Fantasy Points …
Even for Luo Zheng, this was a large number. When he plundered a main city, those martial artists wouldn't obediently line up outside the city to let him kill them. Usually, he could only kill a few dozen martial artists and accumulate less than one million Fantasy Points.
After all, there were many main cities in this large world. Not every main city had someone like Ji Luoxue.
It seemed that he should enter and take a gamble.
After making this decision, Luo Zheng sent a thought into the metal voucher.
"Pay the Fantasy Points!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, countless Fantasy Points of Light flew out from Luo Zheng's body!
Five million Fantasy Points of Light were extracted from Luo Zheng's body and flew into the metal voucher. Due to the large number of Fantasy Points of Light, this process lasted for a while.
Looking at the yellow Fantasy Points of Light, Luo Zheng was in deep thought.
The Fantasy Points of Light were only used to calculate the ranking …
It shouldn't be that simple. Otherwise, for some of the weaker warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm, participating in the Dreamy Battlefield could only be a group of lambs waiting to be slaughtered. The only purpose of participating in the Dreamy Battlefield was to experience life and death situations and hone one's mind.
As for the Heavenly Dao's arrangements and the other uses of these Fantasy Points, he could only wait until the Illusory Battlefield closed.
After the 5 million fantasy points were absorbed by the metal voucher, the entire metal voucher blossomed with intense yellow light!
"Pa!"
With a crisp sound, the yellow light began to expand and turned into a door of light!
Looking at the light in front of him, Luo Zheng took a step forward and entered it!
Inside the door …
It was a squarish little house.
When Luo Zheng entered, he glanced around and found four people sitting in the corner of the room.
One Demon Clan cultivator and three Human Clan cultivators. Among the three Human Clan cultivators, there were two males and one female …
The aura emitted from these people wasn't weak. Their strength definitely couldn't be underestimated. At the very least, they had the strength to fight against Luo Zheng!
After all, the martial artists who could activate the iron certificate must have passed through some ancient ruins or secret places to obtain this iron certificate.
As for activating the metal certificate, it required five million fantasy points.
For a martial artist who could accumulate more than five million fantasy points, luck was very important, but their strength was definitely not weak!
"Another one came in. There are still five people left." One of them glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and immediately closed his eyes.
On the other hand, the Demon Race martial artist's eyes circled around Luo Zheng, sizing him up. There was a hint of provocation in his eyes. In fact, this Demon Race martial artist was the first to enter. He had provoked the people in front of him, but they all ignored him …
"This is the Karma Hall? It doesn't seem to have an exit? " Luo Zheng looked around and reached out to touch his shoulder. Those skulls had been biting his back. After he entered the door, the skulls didn't follow him in. He was relaxed but a little unaccustomed!
"This is just a waiting room. Once there are ten people, the Karma Hall can be opened. You just have to wait here." The human woman in white said expressionlessly.
It was obviously not the first time this human woman entered the Karma Hall. She was very familiar with the entire process.
In fact, besides Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator, this was not the first time the other three human martial artists had entered the Karma Hall.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator entering for the first time would definitely drag them down and become a burden. They were slightly disappointed.
But the Karma Hall required ten people to open. After opening, they would need to cooperate with each other to go further in the Karma Hall. Not to mention, fighting was prohibited in this room. They couldn't drive out Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator. It was also because of this that the small skulls biting Luo Zheng couldn't enter this room …
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He didn't mind this woman's attitude.
But waiting here made Luo Zheng a little depressed. He didn't want to waste time. If he had known earlier, he would have investigated the metal certificate. It would have been better if he had waited until the nine people entered.
Since he had entered, Luo Zheng walked to a corner of the room.
After Luo Zheng sat down, the atmosphere in the room became oppressive. The woman in white sat in a corner with her legs crossed, seemingly resting with her eyes closed.
The two human men sat cross-legged, seemingly adjusting the True Qi in their bodies. Only the Demon Clan cultivator's bell-sized eyes were staring around, as if he wanted to fight someone here.
After Luo Zheng sat down, he gently patted the table. After a light "pa" sound, a miniature mountain began to spin out.
It was the Divine Essencefused Mountain that Luo Zheng had refined!
After defeating Ji Luoxue, Luo Zheng used the Blood Refining Method to exchange a jade slip with Ji Luoxue.
This jade slip recorded her Ji Family's secret method, which could be used to refine the Divine Essencefused Force.
Now that he had to wait for the other cultivators to enter this room, Luo Zheng used this time to try to refine the Divine Essencefused Force.
When Luo Zheng took out the miniature Divine Essencefused Mountain, the Demon Clan cultivator glanced at it slightly and showed a disdainful look on his face. Refining a mountain into a magic weapon was a very stupid act, at least in the eyes of this Demon Clan cultivator.
As for the other two human cultivators, when they saw the miniature mountain in Luo Zheng's hand, their eyes flashed slightly. After looking at Luo Zheng for a while, they closed their eyes again.
The two human cultivators felt the Divine Essencefused Mountain's Five Elements Force and also saw that it was extraordinary, but they didn't put it in their eyes.
The remaining woman in white glanced over indifferently. She originally wanted to look away, but suddenly, she seemed to think of something. Her delicate eyes abruptly widened as she stared blankly at the Divine Essencefused Mountain in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Is … is the miniature mountain in your hand a refined Divine Essencefused Mountain?" The originally cold voice became somewhat restrained at this moment.
Obviously, this woman knew very well how difficult it was to refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain, or in other words, it was impossible to refine! But the miniature mountain in front of her was clearly a complete Divine Essencefused Mountain, and it had been refined by this person! This was what she found inconceivable.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and said to the woman in white, "Yes."
After softly saying this, Luo Zheng undid the seal Ji Luoxue left on the jade slip and began to absorb the secret method on the jade slip.
The woman in white kept looking at Luo Zheng and the Divine Essencefused Mountain in his hand, and she began to guess the origins of this young man. Although she was curious about how Luo Zheng had refined the Divine Essencefused Mountain, she knew that it wasn't appropriate to ask.
This Divine Essencefused Force …
It was a force formed naturally after the five elements were mixed.
One had to circulate the power of five Laws at the same time, and these five Laws had to be in a state of balance.
The more balanced they were, the easier it was to extract the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but it wasn't easy to control the power of five Laws in a state of perfect balance.
After Luo Zheng absorbed the contents of the jade slip, he obtained this information …
Circulate the power of five Origin Laws?
Maintain a state of perfect balance?
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng drew out five strands of Chaotic Qi from his dantian …
The strands of Chaotic Qi flowed into his hand through his meridians, but each strand of Chaotic Qi flowed into a different finger through his meridians.
Not long after, his five fingers flickered with light, and five different powers of laws appeared. However, the powers of laws were not balanced.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1241
The power of the five elemental laws was independent from the other origin laws. It was the most origin law power in this world.
Most of the matter in this world was made up of these five types of laws.
It was extremely simple for any martial artist to manifest the power of a single Law!
After all, many cultivation techniques were driven by the power of laws. In other words, they used the power of laws to deduce a special kind of law profundity.
Some Martial Skills even required the fusion of two or three types of Law Energies or the use of them alternately to achieve the desired effect. This required a large amount of practice and comprehension.
It was already quite amazing for an ordinary martial artist to comprehend five different types of laws. This was not a threshold for Luo Zheng.
However, the Ji Family's secret technique was to achieve an absolute balance between the five elemental laws of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. This was quite a big test for Luo Zheng.
Actually, achieving an absolute balance between the five elemental laws was an extremely powerful martial technique.
Ji Luoxue's Five Elemental Palm that day had fused this secret technique into a palm martial technique. That Five Elemental Palm was also an extremely powerful killing move. However, Ji Luoxue's One Thought and Two Bodies had not merged, so the power of the five elements was not complete.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's thumb was dyed with a layer of pale gold. The golden light was very dazzling. If one looked directly at this color, it would give a glaring feeling. This was the power of the metal elemental laws.
A warm flame rose on his index finger. This was the power of the fire elemental laws.
His middle finger was suffused with a heavy aura. This was the power of the earth elemental laws.
Waves of water rippled on his ring finger. This was the power of the water elemental laws.
His little finger was overflowing with a pale green aura of life. This was the power of the wood elemental laws.
Although Luo Zheng could not completely balance these five types of laws, he still suppressed the five types of laws with the advantage of the Chaotic Qi!
The white-clothed woman in the room looked at Luo Zheng's hand with an even more surprised expression.
This woman was the same as Ji Luoxue. She came from Gods No Thought. She belonged to a colossus similar to the Ji Family. Although her status and talent were not as good as Ji Luoxue's, she knew that the fusion of the five elements was a secret technique unique to the Ji Family. It was also the most famous cultivation technique of the Ji Family's ancestor.
This secret technique is not to be divulged to outsiders …
Not only did the young man refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but he also seemed to be cultivating the Ji Clan's secret art?
She was even more curious about Luo Zheng's background.
Luo Zheng concentrated on the Power of the Five Elements in his palm. The Power of the Five Elements reinforced and restrained each other. It was extremely difficult to completely bind the Power of the Five Elements in his hand.
At this moment, he naturally wouldn't pay attention to anyone else. He also didn't know that the white-clothed woman was staring at him …
"Gathering these five types of Laws in one hand actually produced such a strong repulsive force!"
The five elements counter one another. Metal counters wood, wood counters earth, earth counters water, water counters fire, fire counters metal …
Metal begets water, water begets wood, wood begets fire, fire begets earth, earth begets metal …
"No wonder the first key point of this secret art is to completely balance the Power of the Five Elements. As long as one type of Law is slightly more than the other, it will affect each other, and then it will affect the other types of Law. After that, they will begin to repel each other … Only when they are completely balanced can they reinforce and restrain each other and coexist on the same palm!"
As Luo Zheng thought about this, he pushed his palm toward the mini mountain in front of him. This palm directly imprinted itself on the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
With this light pat, Luo Zheng wanted to use the Ji Clan's secret art to draw out the Power of Magnetism from the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
But at this moment, the water on his ring finger suddenly flashed and rushed toward the flame on his index finger. However, that wisp of flame was very afraid and desperately rushed toward his little finger …
"Pu …"
In the chaos, the Power of the Five Elements on Luo Zheng's five fingers finally collapsed.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng smiled bitterly and then shook his head. As expected, it still didn't work.
The moment he withdrew his palm, the white-clothed woman took the initiative to speak. "This Ji Clan's Five Elements Fusion Technique is no small matter. You seem … to have just started cultivating it?"
Luo Zheng looked up at the white-clothed woman and nodded slightly.
If this was the outside world, Luo Zheng would have to avoid it. However, in this Illusory Battlefield, he was facing all the warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, so he couldn't be bothered to deliberately hide it.
"I remember that the prodigy of the Ji Clan spent a full six years to cultivate this technique before he reached Initial Attainment … I'm afraid it's impossible to cultivate it successfully in a short time," the white-clothed woman continued. In her opinion, the prodigy of the Ji Clan, Ji Luoxue, was already a top existence among the younger generation. How many people in the entire world were more talented than her?
When the white-clothed woman saw that Luo Zheng was grasping this little bit of time to cultivate, she was afraid that he was in a hurry to succeed. The most taboo thing for warriors to cultivate was to be in a hurry to succeed. She couldn't help but speak up to teach Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng only smiled slightly and didn't speak anymore. With a thought, he extracted another five strands of Chaotic Qi from the Chaotic Sea and poured it into his hand.
Soon, five different rays of light appeared in Luo Zheng's hand and intertwined in the room.
"Pu …"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't forcefully suppress the power. The result was as expected. It collapsed even faster than the last time!
In the blink of an eye, the five types of Power of Law interacted with each other in Luo Zheng's hand and collapsed one after another.
When the white-clothed woman saw this scene, her eyes revealed an expression that said she had expected this. There was even a faint smile. Even Ji Luoxue needed six years. If you want to master this secret technique, it'll be enough for you to be proud if you spend ten years! If you want to master it in such a short time, it's undoubtedly wishful thinking!
Unfortunately, the white-clothed woman didn't understand Luo Zheng's character. The more challenging something was, the more he refused to believe it and would grit his teeth to overcome it.
After the second circulation of the Power of the Five Elements collapsed, Luo Zheng extracted another five strands of Chaotic Qi in the blink of an eye!
But this time, Luo Zheng adjusted the positions of the Power of the Five Elements!
The Power of Law of Water condensed on his thumb, the Power of Law of Fire gathered on his little finger, and the Power of Law of Metal was moved to his middle finger by Luo Zheng …
In this way, the powers that restrained each other were separated from each other!
Although Luo Zheng still couldn't achieve complete balance, the situation of the five types of Power of Law repelling each other was indeed reduced by a lot.
This time, Luo Zheng once again slapped the miniature hill in front of him!
As Luo Zheng gently imprinted his palm on the miniature hill, his mind began to activate the Power of Origin Magnetism in accordance with the secret technique.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
On the other side of the Divine Origin Magnetism Mountain, a palm imprint also appeared. The shape and size of this palm imprint were exactly the same as the one left by Luo Zheng's palm on the front.
"Pu …"
When Luo Zheng persisted to this step, the Power of the Five Elements in his hand collapsed again!
The moment it collapsed, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His hands quickly circled around the Divine Origin Magnetism Mountain, and the Divine Origin Magnetism Mountain continuously spun around.
As Luo Zheng's hands circled around the mountain, a green-gray light suddenly appeared in the center of Luo Zheng's palm!
This light was like a mark that lingered in the center of Luo Zheng's palm … but the light only lingered for a moment before it began to quickly dissipate. After a breath, the light had completely disappeared.
This was the Power of Origin Magnetism?
It was a pity that fighting was prohibited in this room. Otherwise, he would have been able to test the might of the Power of Origin Magnetism. Hearing Ji Luoxue's marvelous words, Luo Zheng himself didn't pay too much attention to it.
After all, Luo Zheng was guarding an Immortal Mansion, which was tantamount to a mountain of treasures. He didn't care about the other techniques in this universe.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that he had underestimated the Power of Origin Magnetism …
In the end, the Power of Origin Magnetism was an important part of cultivating the Divine Dao of the Five Elements. To some extent, there might be a gap between it and Luo Zheng's Emotion Severing Divine Dao, but in the end, it was still a Divine Dao!
As for the white-clothed woman who had been secretly observing Luo Zheng, when she saw Luo Zheng really extract the Power of Origin Magnetism, her pale pink little mouth unconsciously opened slightly. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng, her face full of disbelief.

Chapter 1242
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng hadn't completely succeeded.
Ji Luoxue had his back against the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain now, and when he struck out with his palm, he drew out a thousand times more magnetic force than Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng had only suppressed the Five Elements Laws earlier and forcefully extracted the magnetic force …
But he was able to extract a trace of magnetic force after merely three attempts. Even if Ji Luoxue was here, he would probably be stunned when he saw this scene.
This was a little too fast …
When she was sent to the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain by the Ji Family's ancestor, she had stayed there for three years!
She had only extracted a trace of magnetic force at the end of the second year, and Luo Zheng had merely spent an hour in the entire process.
This white-clothed woman was a core disciple of another large family in Gods No Thoughts, and she was an existence second only to the prodigies. She had been influenced since she was young and knew how terrifying those prodigies were!
Among her peers, Ji Luoxue was like a proud phoenix that was always high and mighty and received the protection of her elders. The strength that Ji Luoxue displayed also far surpassed her peers.
The white-clothed woman was once unconvinced, and she secretly worked hard to cultivate in an attempt to close the gap between her and Ji Luoxue, and even wanted to surpass Ji Luoxue! But in the end, she saw the reality. Some people in this world were born different, and as she worked hard, the gap between her and Ji Luoxue grew larger and larger …
This was the strength of a prodigy!
If Ji Luoxue, as a prodigy, had spent six years to completely master this secret technique, then what was this young man before her …? Was he a monster?
She originally wanted to continue watching and see to what extent Luo Zheng's mastery of the Ji Family's mystic technique would reach in such a short period of time, but in the end, Luo Zheng put away the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain …
It wasn't that Luo Zheng wasn't willing to continue cultivating, but fighting was prohibited in this room, and even if he extracted a trace of magnetic force, it would only be a waste.
After putting away the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, Luo Zheng didn't stop cultivating, and he just continuously used the chaotic energy to transform the five types of Laws into ceaselessly coiling around his palm, seeking that feeling of balance.
Only after the five types of Law Forces were completely balanced could the Prime Magnetic Force be at his fingertips.
At this moment, a thin line suddenly appeared on a wall somewhere in the room. The thin line extended from the corner of the wall all the way up. After about seven feet, it turned 90 degrees and finally formed the outline of a door.
"Buzz buzz …"
The entire door emitted a luster, and not long after, the door of light was pushed open by someone!
Then, someone pushed open the door and entered!
"The sixth person …"
Everyone's eyes flashed slightly, and their gazes focused on that person.
This person was also a Human Clan warrior.
The Human Race warrior wore a round hat on his head. His face was gloomy and arrogant. After meeting everyone's gaze, he coldly snorted, "What's there to see? Is there a flower growing on my face?"
Warriors who could collect the iron certificate and pour in five million fantasy points were not to be trifled with. They were either the inheritors of a Realm Lord or the Holy Son of a Holy Land. Warriors like this could be found in the hundreds of thousands in the entire universe.
The white-clothed woman and the other two Human Clan warriors didn't change their expressions when they heard the round hat warrior's words. The three of them just sneered in their hearts.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and then focused on controlling the balance of the five elements in his hand. He naturally wouldn't argue with this person.
However, the Demon Clan warrior couldn't get used to it. It was fine that the Demon Clan warrior didn't find trouble with the newcomer, but this guy wearing a round hat actually dared to speak rudely.
"Hehe, can't I look?" The Demon Clan warrior asked.
"Why don't you look again?" The round hat warrior stared at the Demon Clan warrior and said.
"I'll look again!" The Demon Clan warrior said with a straight face.
"If you look again, I'll …"
Hearing the meaningless conversation between the round hat warrior and the Demon Clan warrior, Luo Zheng, the white-clothed woman, and the other two Human Clan warriors couldn't help but roll their eyes.
They clearly knew that there were rules and restrictions in this room, and they couldn't fight. In any case, the two of them were geniuses in the Divine Sea Realm, but they were here talking nonsense. How bored were they?
Especially the Demon Clan warrior. His voice was loud and clear, and he was as vigorous as an ox. When he quarreled with the round hat warrior, his voice echoed in the room. This room wasn't big, so it was very noisy to the ears!
Luo Zheng didn't care. His mind was calm, and he focused on the five elements in his hand, as if he didn't hear anything.
However, the white-clothed woman frowned more and more. The faces of the other two Human Clan warriors also became gloomy!
"If you quarrel again, I will kill the two of you after leaving this room!" The short Human Clan warrior couldn't bear it anymore and finally shouted!
After saying that, the short warrior stretched out his hand, and a short sword floated in his hand.
The short sword's appearance was ordinary, but there was a unique engraving on the blade. There was a faint golden light on the blade of the short sword, and there were some incomplete Sanskrit characters in the golden light.
The round hat warrior and the Demon Clan warrior, who were quarreling, saw the short sword. Their eyes narrowed slightly, and a trace of surprise appeared on their faces.
"The Supreme Artifact, Buddha's Blade?" The round hat warrior stared at the short sword and asked the short warrior, "You are a cultivator from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm!"
There were only more than 3,000 Supreme Artifacts in the whole world. Many warriors had already memorized them. Although they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, the round hat warrior had already guessed the origin of this short sword based on the momentum and appearance of this short sword.
Buddha's Blade …
Buddha's Golden Mouth, Sentence Death!
This Buddha's Sun Blade contained an extremely powerful sure-kill power!
This was the most famous weapon in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm, the most precious treasure of the Black Face Buddha Hall. The short warrior must have an extraordinary origin to be able to bring him into the Illusory Battlefield.
Most of the warriors in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm were monks. Naturally, they wore cassocks and had shiny heads.
But not everyone was like this. Although the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was a Buddhist holy land, some cultivators who entered the world did not need to abide by the rules and precepts of the major temples.
The woman in white glanced at the short sword in the short warrior's hand indifferently, but her face remained calm. Although a Supreme Artifact was rare, it was not enough to make her afraid …
Buddha's Blade?
After hearing the Supreme Artifact, Luo Zheng couldn't help but take a few more glances, but all his attention was still focused on the Power of Five Elements in his hand.
After the short warrior drew his sword, it was quite effective.
The round hat warrior who came in later realized that these guys in front of him were not to be trifled with, so he covered his hat and pushed it to a corner of the room.
The demon warrior's eyes were still filled with provocation, but he didn't make a ruckus …
After the professional round hat warrior entered, another thin line appeared on the wall, and another door opened.
The seventh warrior had entered.
This seventh person was a woman from the Demon Night Clan. She didn't cause any trouble, but after glancing at everyone indifferently, she leaned against the wall and maintained a straight posture. Then, she took out a long arrow from the quiver on her back and stroked the shiny arrowhead with her fingers.
In this great world, there were actually many people who had obtained the iron voucher, and they were also paying attention to the number of people in the iron voucher.
Most people would hesitate before using the iron voucher. After all, if they wanted to enter the Karma Hall, they would have to deduct five million Fantasy points. Anyone would feel the pinch.
But as the number of people gradually increased, some warriors who were originally hesitant made up their minds.
As a result, the number of people in the room increased rapidly.
After the woman from the Demon Night Clan entered the room, in less than half an hour, another door opened!
The eighth person …
A demon warrior.
At the same time, another door opened.
The ninth person …
The tenth person!
Luo Zheng waited for more than half a day before the ten people in the Karma Hall were finally gathered.
"Finally gathered." The woman in white smiled slightly. After getting up, she took the initiative to say to Luo Zheng, "Okay, let's go."
The woman in white didn't have any hostility. Instead, she was very polite to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng naturally smiled back. "But this room doesn't have a door. Where should we go?"
"No need, just stand here," the woman in white said.

Chapter 1243
After the four walls collapsed, they immediately dissipated, and the ceiling above their heads also disappeared in an instant.
A majestic mountain appeared in front of everyone!
This huge mountain range was submerged in thick white clouds, like a fairyland.
Ten people, including Luo Zheng, stood on a platform at the foot of the mountain.
"Isn't this iron voucher known as the Karma Hall? Why is there such a big mountain? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
When the others heard Luo Zheng's words, they turned a deaf ear. After all, it was the first time most of them had entered, and they were unable to answer Luo Zheng's question.
"This is the Karma Hall. We'll understand once we go up the mountain," the white-clothed woman replied with a smile. "After leaving this platform, all the restrictions will be removed. However, I don't wish for everyone to fight against each other," the white-clothed woman said to the others.
"Why should we?" A sinister voice floated over.
Some warriors already had the intention to fight …
Since they could afford to spend five million fantasy points to enter the Karma Hall, they must have a lot of fantasy points!
The white-clothed woman said with a smile, "The fantasy points obtained in the Karma Hall are calculated in the tens of millions. If your luck is good, you can even obtain some Supreme Artifacts that have yet to appear. If you are willing to fight with each other here, there is no problem …"
Hearing the white-clothed woman's words, everyone's expression changed.
These warriors were able to enter the iron voucher, so they had a lot of fantasy points to spare. Even if they paid five million fantasy points, they would still have a few million fantasy points left.
However, these Fantasy Points were accumulated bit by bit after experiencing countless battles!
Could they obtain tens of millions of fantasy points in the Karma Hall?
Could they even obtain a Supreme Artifact?
This kind of information had no choice but to make those martial artists who harbored murderous intent reconsider.
After the white-clothed woman finished speaking, she didn't have too many misgivings. She nodded slightly at Luo Zheng and said, "Let's go!"
After speaking, she was the first to step out of the platform and onto the steps of the mountain.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. From the white-clothed woman's words, it seemed that he could obtain a large number of fantasy points here.
In the tens of millions?
No wonder his ranking had not risen during this period of time and had instead fallen!
Presumably, most of the martial artists in front of him had already entered Karma Hall!
Compared to the Karma Hall, the speed at which he was plundering Fantasy Points could not keep up.
He didn't think too much about it and followed the white-clothed woman out, taking a step up the stairs …
However …
The moment Luo Zheng stepped on the stairs, he suddenly had a bad premonition. When he raised his head, he heard a burst of "Cough, cough, cough".
That group of damned skeletons actually appeared again!
After Luo Zheng entered the room, it was temporarily quiet for a long time. He didn't expect that just as he left the hall, the group of skeletons would actually follow him.
Previously, when Luo Zheng used the Teleportation Token to travel from one big city to another, these skulls had caught up with him at an incredible speed.
Now, Luo Zheng directly used the iron voucher to enter the Karma Hall. He didn't know how far away he was from his previous location, but these skulls still followed him …
Could it be that after he left the Illusory Battlefield, they could still follow him into the immortal mansion?
It didn't matter if they were in the Illusory Battlefield. After all, the Illusory Battlefield was both real and illusory. However, if they could follow him into the immortal mansion, that would be really bad.
As for the other nine martial artists, they were shocked when they saw this scene!
Even the white-clothed woman leading the way was somewhat dazed when she saw the surging skulls. "What, what are these things?"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. He was more or less used to it. "I provoked them in a mystic realm …"
"Is that so? These small skulls can't be dispelled? "
After saying that, the white-clothed woman walked to Luo Zheng's side and plucked a small skull from his back. After carefully observing it, a thin bolt of lightning suddenly blossomed from her slender fingers!
"Crack!"
After that bolt of lightning suddenly shot out, it completely enveloped the skull!
Although this bolt of lightning was very small, the power contained within it made even Luo Zheng secretly apprehensive.
The power of the lightning was indeed astonishing, and the light it released was extremely dazzling. However … it was useless.
After the lightning dissipated, the skulls were still intact.
Luo Zheng wasn't too surprised by this result. These small skulls were indestructible. The Karma Law contained within them was probably as tyrannical as the Heavenly Dao. If they could be so easily destroyed, then there wouldn't be so many small skulls hanging behind the Empyrean that besieged him that day. If even an Empyrean couldn't do anything about it, how could a Divine Sea Realm martial artist dispel it?
"Hehe, let me try …"
The one who spoke was the demon martial artist who had been constantly provoking others. In that room, this guy seemed to want to fight everyone, but now he was very well-behaved …
The Demon Race warrior also plucked off a skull.
"Let me try too!"
"Hey, these skulls are divine tools. I wonder if I can destroy them!"
"Give me one …"
"There are so many behind that guy. You go and pluck them yourself …"
"…"
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the spot, was in a complete mess.
Didn't everyone come to the Karma Hall? How come all of their attention was on the skulls behind him?
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the white-clothed woman covered her mouth and smiled. Releasing her lily-white hand, the skull automatically flew behind Luo Zheng and bit into Luo Zheng's back. She then said, "If I'm not wrong, these skulls should come from a curse!"
"You guessed right." Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
"Legend has it that the witchcraft of the ancient clans coincided with the Heavenly Dao Law. They used the method of cursing to steal the Will of Heaven. Therefore, their witchcraft is extremely powerful. That curse is almost impossible to break …" The white-clothed woman said.
"Steal the Will of Heaven?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
The white-clothed woman faintly smiled. "Actually, I don't really understand … but there are only 128 Wills of Heaven. If you use unorthodox methods to obtain the Will of Heaven, I'm afraid you will be punished by the Heavenly Dao!"
The Will of Heaven was the supreme law of karma in the universe.
There were 128 Wills of Heaven in the universe, not one more, not one less!
When a Heavenly Venerable fell, the Will of Heaven dissipated, and then a new crown of Will of Heaven was born.
However, legend has it that the ancient clans used some unknown method to use witchcraft to execute the supreme law of karma. This method had already exceeded the limits of the Heavenly Dao, so it was not tolerated by the Heavenly Dao.
Today's ancient martial art practitioners were guessing that this was the reason why the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had completely disappeared overnight!
However, more than a billion years had passed since the disappearance of the ancient clans. It was a matter of the past that had been covered in dust by time. It was inevitable that there would be some deviations in everyone's guesses.
"Let's go. I forgot to mention earlier that flying is prohibited in the Karma Hall. So, we can only climb up these stairs one step at a time." After the white-clothed woman finished speaking, she didn't stay any longer and directly climbed up the winding stairs.
Luo Zheng also followed behind the white-clothed woman.
At the same time, the eight warriors behind Luo Zheng were each using their own methods to break the small skull.
"Ah ah ah … I can't break it! It even broke my Dark Demon saber! "
The Demon Race warrior held the pitch-black saber in his hand, his face full of heartache. His saber was also a first-grade divine artifact, but when he slashed down, the small skull remained intact while a semi-circular gap appeared on the saber!
Fortunately, a weapon that was damaged in the Illusory Battlefield was still intact in the outside world. Otherwise, this fellow would definitely go crazy!
But now that his saber was damaged, he would have to face many battles. Without this first-grade divine artifact, it would be somewhat inconvenient.
Hearing the words of this Demon Race warrior, the others looked at him as if he was an idiot …
They had only taken the small skull from Luo Zheng's back out of curiosity. Was there a need to risk it like this?
Naturally, no one was able to break the small skull, so they all gave up. The small skull returned to its original owner and stuck to Luo Zheng's back, grinding its white teeth. The other eight warriors followed behind Luo Zheng and climbed up the stairs.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1244
This white jade staircase was about twenty feet wide. From the bottom of this majestic mountain, there were hundreds of thousands of stairs.
Although flying was prohibited, the speed of this group of ten was not considered slow.
With the white-clothed woman's warning, the vigilance between the ten people was temporarily lowered.
After all, the ten people present could be ranked in the top one thousand of this great world. But in the entire Illusory Battlefield, they could be ranked in the top one hundred thousand.
None of them were confident that they could defeat the others in one bite. Moreover, the white-clothed woman also said that the Karma Hall would reward them with tens of millions.
Along the way, the white-clothed woman walked at the front. Luo Zheng followed behind her. The other cultivators maintained a certain distance and climbed at a uniform speed. The short cultivator from the Human Race brought up the rear.
After climbing like this for the time it takes to burn an incense stick, everyone stopped in front of a hall. The staircase extended here and connected to the hall. If they wanted to continue climbing, they had to pass through this hall.
This hall was entirely white and had a magnificent appearance. It was unknown what material it was made of. There were no signs on the outer wall.
Among the ten people, only the white-clothed woman was entering the Karma Hall for the second time. Everyone's gaze rested on the white-clothed woman.
The white-clothed woman smiled faintly and said, "This is the first Karma Hall. The difficulty is not high. Everyone can enter."
Luo Zheng nodded. Since he had gritted his teeth and spent five million fantasy points, there was no need for him to hesitate.
Thus, everyone followed behind Luo Zheng and stepped into the hall.
In the empty hall, there was nothing.
The cultivators present had explored many secret realms in the Illusory Battlefield.
Facing this situation, a trace of vigilance rose in everyone's heart. Of course, this included Luo Zheng.
Just like when he entered the Great Toon Divine Tree's crown. Although the surroundings were quiet, it was extremely dangerous. If it were any other cultivator, the slightest carelessness would have caused them to fall.
But even someone as strong as Luo Zheng attracted a pile of small skulls behind him.
Seeing everyone so vigilant, the white-clothed woman smiled faintly and said, "Don't be too nervous. This is the first Karma Hall. It won't be too difficult."
"What's in this Karma Hall?" someone asked.
The white-clothed woman smiled faintly. "As the name suggests, the tests in the Karma Hall all use the Laws of Heavenly Dao as attacks. Each attack contains the Law of Karma!"
Although the white-clothed woman's expression was relaxed, her words still caused everyone's expression to change.
..... Even Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
As long as it involved the law of causality, it was the middle or even superior law of the universe!
. Why was a supreme divine artifact? The reason...
...........................................................................
...... of Karma.......... of Karma....................
The white-clothed woman shook her head. "It seems to be different every time. I'm not sure. But I know that the first Karma Hall won't be too difficult. As long as you're careful, everyone can pass."
Seeing the hesitation on everyone's faces, the white-clothed woman was the first to enter the hall. Then, she turned around. The nine people behind her, including Luo Zheng, all followed her in. Their expressions suddenly turned ugly.
This group of people was too distrustful. They felt like they were being treated as idiots who were scouting the way.
When the woman in white took a few steps forward, a mysterious rune suddenly appeared on the left wall of the Karma Hall. In the center of the rune was a drawing of a strange figure. A white ray of light shot out from the mouth of the figure. After the ray of light appeared, it left the wall and flew towards the woman in white in the hall!
"Be careful," Luo Zheng warned.
Although it was indeed somewhat unkind to let a woman lead the way, the white-clothed woman had previously said that all attacks in the Karma Hall would involve the laws of karma. This had still frightened everyone. Luo Zheng could only make a plan before taking action!
This light looked very ordinary, but in fact, it contained a life and death killing intent. He couldn't understand the mysterious power contained within.
At least, Luo Zheng was sure that if he was pierced by this white light, he would undoubtedly die. Although he didn't know what kind of laws of karma were contained within this white light.
Everyone's eyes were also filled with shock!
What kind of damned place was this Karma Hall? How could there be such a terrifying attack as soon as they entered?
On the other hand, the white-clothed woman was extremely calm. She calmly took a step back and watched as the white ray of light flashed past her. On the other side of the hall, another mysterious rune appeared. Within the rune, there was a drawing of a strange animal. The ray of light directly entered the mouth of the drawing and disappeared...
"I said that the first Karma Hall wouldn't be too difficult. As long as we are careful, everyone will be able to pass through without any problems," the white-clothed woman said.
Then, she took a few more steps. Another white light appeared on one side of the wall. It crossed the entire hall and disappeared into the other side of the hall.
At this time, Luo Zheng and the others also took a step forward and followed behind the white-clothed woman.
The test of the first Karma Hall was indeed not difficult.
It was just a white light passing by. For this group of martial artists, even if there were hundreds of light rays refracting in this hall, as long as they were given enough space, they would be able to pass through it freely!
But these light rays still gave everyone a kind of hidden threat.
It was like a person walking on the same spot as if he were walking on flat ground. If he were placed a hundred meters in the air, although the path in front of him was wide, he would still have some misgivings and slow down.
Many martial artists were currently in such a state of mind …
Every ten feet in the hall, they would encounter a white light ray.
And as everyone continued to move forward, the speed of the white light rays became faster and faster.
This speed was relative!
In the eyes of Luo Zheng and the others, the speed of the white light rays was not much different from that of a snail.
After all, with their speed, it would take less than a breath's time to cross this Karma Hall at full speed …
It was just that everyone was more or less afraid of these white lights, so they didn't dare to be rash. They just followed the rhythm of the light rays and waited until the light rays passed by before taking a step forward.
The speed and frequency of each light ray was not fixed.
The deeper they went into the hall, the faster the light rays penetrating through the walls.
Sometimes, the light rays would suddenly pass through the wall, stopping in the center of the hall for a moment, and then accelerate and disappear into the wall on the other side.
Sometimes, the light rays would directly enter from one side of the wall to the other at a speed that was difficult for everyone's eyes to follow. After waiting for a few breaths of time, it would repeat again …
There was a pattern to these light rays passing through. To many martial artists, it was just a little trick. The more familiar everyone was, the more relaxed they became, and the faster they passed through.
"Another ten feet and we will be able to pass through this hall," the white-clothed woman said. She had already become the leader of this group.
"What's the reward for passing the first hall?" the demon martial artist asked.
"You will know when we pass through," the white-clothed woman smiled faintly.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. He looked at the white light passing through in front of him, and once again thought about the skulls behind him.
Would this white light ray be able to annihilate the small skulls?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again took a small skull from behind him. He carefully held the small skull with his hand and placed it on the path of the white light ray.
"Xiu …"
The white ray of light suddenly shot out and hit the little skeleton's head in an instant!
At the same time, an extremely huge power suddenly came from Luo Zheng's hand. This power was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination! It was probably countless times stronger than the power of all of Luo Zheng's dragon scales lit up!
Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed, and he instantly let go!
He saw that the white light ray was deflected by the small skull, and shot towards the ceiling of the Karma Hall.
"Pa pa pa …"

Chapter 1245
The walls of this Karma Hall should also be attached to the Laws of Heavenly Dao. Just like the main city outside, they were almost indestructible.
The impact of the little skeleton contained an extremely strong potential energy. The speed at which it shot out couldn't be seen with the naked eye, so there was no way to avoid it …
Everyone was dumbfounded as they saw this scene. They all stood there in a daze, not daring to move!
Peng!
The Little Skull continued to bounce forward, passing by the Demon cultivator and hitting a spike on the Demon cultivator's shoulder armor.
The demon martial artist's armor was a Grade One Divine Artifact. It could continuously absorb a martial artist's True Essence and fuse with the martial artist. Its strength was even more astonishing!
But the little skeleton only brushed past the demon martial artist's shoulder armor slightly, and the spike turned into dust. At the same time, the demon martial artist's tall and sturdy body groaned as he was knocked to the ground by the little skeleton!
Pa pa pa …
The little skeleton shot all the way to the wall in the deepest part of the hall, then bounced all the way back, bouncing out of the hall …
As for the other beam of white light that was deflected, it also bounced all the way in, then out …
During this entire process, no one dared to move.
In this situation, staying where they were was the best decision.
After the two fatal attacks disappeared from the hall, everyone let out a long sigh of relief.
The demon martial artist stood up from the ground, angrily glaring at Luo Zheng, "You, you want to kill me! Once we leave this hall, I want to duel with you! "
When the white beam of light hit the little skeleton, it produced a powerful potential energy. Even if Luo Zheng let go in an instant, his fingers were still completely numb from the shock. At this moment, he moved his fingers. Hearing this, he smiled faintly. His eyes were stained with a sharp light as he stared at the demon martial artist and said, "If you want to challenge me, I accept."
Seeing Luo Zheng's indifferent gaze, the Demon Race cultivator's heart skipped a beat, and a strong sense of crisis rose in his heart. Originally, he had planned to say some unpleasant words, but at this moment, he swallowed them back down and no longer spoke. Although this Demon Race cultivator appeared to be very reckless, in fact, he was a rough person. Just now, in the room, he had seen Luo Zheng's entire cultivation process.
Although he didn't understand, from the reaction of the white-clothed woman, he knew that her strength wasn't as simple as it appeared on the surface. He only blurted it out in a fit of anger. However, he wasn't willing to duel with Luo Zheng. These five million fantasy points were all he had. It wasn't easy to enter this place. If he was kicked out of the Karma Hall by this person, it would be a pity.
Everyone's faces were more or less filled with anger. However, this was not the time to be calculative. Now that everyone had figured out the rules of the first Karma Hall, it was actually very easy to pass through by grasping the speed and frequency. The rest of the journey only took them a few breaths' time to pass through one by one.
However, just as everyone passed through the end of the Karma Hall, a small black thing floated back from the front door of the hall!
It was the Little Skull that had been ejected at a high speed before!
Under this ejection, the Little Skull had been ejected for an unknown distance. After the huge potential energy was exhausted, the Little Skull slowly flew back to Luo Zheng as usual.
However, when it flew back, it collided with a white ray of light ….
Seeing this scene, everyone, including Luo Zheng, ran away!
They rushed out of the Karma Hall!
At the same time …
On the platform at the back of the Karma Hall, yellow dreamy light spots suddenly appeared and flew toward everyone.
"Reward!"
"One hundred fantasy points, is this a beggar?!"
"Although the difficulty of the first Karma Hall isn't high, this is too little!"
Everyone was originally very angry at Luo Zheng, but now that they realized that the reward was so little, their target immediately shifted to the white-clothed woman.
Didn't this woman say that the reward was rich?
The white-clothed woman widened her eyes, "What are you looking at me for? I didn't set this up. The difficulty of the first Karma Hall isn't high, so the reward is indeed not much. I only got fifty fantasy points in the last round!"
Everyone's expression was somewhat ugly. They had paid five million fantasy points to enter this place. If they earned only one hundred fantasy points, it would be a huge loss.
However, since they had entered, they could only choose to take one step at a time. If they gave up now, it would be a huge loss for them.
They once again stepped onto the platform. The white-clothed woman smiled at Luo Zheng, "You are increasing the difficulty out of nowhere!"
Luo Zheng shrugged, "I also didn't know that this would happen."
This Little Skull was indeed more difficult to deal with than Luo Zheng had imagined.
The others looked deeply at Luo Zheng. The woman from the Fiend Night Clan warned, "I hope that this won't happen again."
"Yes, it's too dangerous," the short human martial artist said, "Although I know that you want to deal with this Little Skull, it's better to consider everyone." After saying this, the short martial artist smiled faintly at Luo Zheng.
Previously, this short martial artist's temper was very irritable, and he had even threatened to kill that noisy demon martial artist. Now that he was reprimanding Luo Zheng, his attitude was quite good.
If these people's attitudes were unyielding, Luo Zheng would naturally put on a poker face. However, his actions just now were indeed very dangerous. Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I was indeed reckless. I didn't expect that slow white light to contain such great power!"
"It doesn't matter. Just be careful later. Anyone who is bitten by these Little Skulls won't feel good. But speaking of which, is your body okay?" Another human martial artist stared at Luo Zheng's back and asked. He couldn't understand why these Little Skulls were biting Luo Zheng's back and grinding their white teeth, but Luo Zheng didn't seem to be injured at all! Now that he had found an opportunity, he asked his question.
"It's okay. Let's continue," Luo Zheng said with a smile. How could he be willing to share the secret of his body with others?
That person also knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't answer, so after sizing up Luo Zheng a few times, he stepped forward and climbed up the stairs.
After passing through the first hall, the white-clothed woman no longer took the lead and everyone continued to climb up the stairs.
"Hey, I still don't know your name."
Luo Zheng was still climbing up the stairs when he heard the white-clothed woman ask him this question.
"My name?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, then he smiled and said, "My name is Luo Tianxing."
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng wasn't suitable to announce his real name. The name Luo Zheng was too famous in the entire universe. He was always afraid of attracting unnecessary trouble.
When the white-clothed woman heard Luo Zheng say this name, she smiled lightly. Looking up at the stairs, she turned to look at Luo Zheng and said, "You're lying."
"How do you know?" After being exposed by the white-clothed woman, Luo Zheng didn't try to hide it. Instead, he asked directly.
"This is my innate talent. Everyone's heart beats faster when they lie," the white-clothed woman looked at Luo Zheng and smiled.
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "What about you? What's your name?"
"My surname is Ji, Ji Nan," the white-clothed woman answered.
The Ji family was ranked fourth in the [Gods Without Thought].
The [Gods Without Thought] was different from the Human Alliance.
Since the Human Alliance was called an alliance, it was originally a colossus formed by countless large and small human Holy Lands joined together!
However, the [Gods Without Thought] was led by the four great families and had developed to this stage.
Although the four great families were called families, their power far exceeded the scope of ordinary tenth-rank Holy Lands. Any one of them was far more powerful than some races in the universe.
The most important reason was that the four great families all had Heavenly Venerables!
Although the white-clothed woman called Ji Nan wasn't a prodigy of the Ji family, she was second only to prodigies.
"Ji Nan, your name is very nice," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Ji Nan smiled slightly, but said, "I saw that your cultivation method was very familiar just now. I've seen an old friend use it before. I wonder …"
She had long been curious about the origins of Luo Zheng's cultivation method. However, they weren't familiar with each other before, so she knew that she wouldn't get an answer if she asked. Now, she had found an opportunity to ask.
"Old friend? Which old friend? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Sister Luo Xue." Ji Nan thought for a moment. "Her full name is Ji Luo Xue."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "What a coincidence. The secret technique I'm cultivating is also from this girl."
"Ah! You've seen Sister Luo Xue? " Ji Nan was slightly shocked. She had never thought that Luo Zheng's secret technique was actually from Ji Luo Xue. Why would Ji Luo Xue do that? Spreading the Ji family's secret technique was a serious crime. Even as a prodigy, she probably couldn't be forgiven, right?
"I've seen her before. I've fought with her before," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
"Fought! You lost? " Ji Nan was still thinking about the secret technique. Now that she heard Luo Zheng's fight with Ji Luo Xue, she blurted it out without hesitation.
In her eyes, Luo Zheng was indeed an extremely powerful person, but he still couldn't compare to Ji Luo Xue …
"She lost." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, Ji Nan suddenly stopped on the steps.

Chapter 1246
Luo Zheng didn't know Ji Luoxue's position in Ji Nan's heart.
The Four Families of Deities No Thoughts.
The Xuanyuan, Ji, Ji, and Sun Families.
These four families were the four most famous families of the Human Clan in the universe.
Even if someone became a Holy Master later on, they couldn't develop the Four Families to such a level.
The Four Great Clans were one of the major powers that supported the human race. The Four Great Clans interacted with each other, and even arranged marriages. They held the Four Clans Grand Competition, which affected the thousands of worlds in which the Gods Have No Thought Of.
During the Four Family Competition, Xuanyuan Chenfeng hadn't risen yet.
The scene of Ji Luoxue standing at the top was still deeply engraved in Ji Nan's mind.
In her eyes, almost no warrior of the younger generation of the Human Clan could compete with Ji Luoxue.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng rose because he merged with the Fragment of the Heavenly Way and became a Chosen One. If Ji Luoxue really comprehended the Five Elements Divine Way and also became a Chosen One, she thought that even Xuanyuan Chenfeng might not be a match for Sister Luoxue.
No one in the Divine Sea Realm should be able to defeat Ji Luoxue. Whether others agreed or not, at least Ji Nan thought so.
Therefore, when Ji Nan heard Luo Zheng say that Ji Luoxue lost, she was stunned.
She stared at Luo Zheng in a daze, her pretty face full of disbelief.
The Five Elements Secret Method Luo Zheng cultivated was indeed a secret method of the Ji Family, but this wasn't conclusive evidence. Maybe Ji Luoxue taught this secret method to Luo Zheng for some reason, but it didn't mean that she would lose to this guy called Luo Tianxing in front of her!
Although Luo Zheng was confused by Ji Nan's reaction, he soon understood. He smiled and said, "What? You don't believe me? "
Ji Nan stared at Luo Zheng and asked seriously, "When you saw Sister Luoxue, what was the color of the snow behind her …"
"Is it important?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"What color?" Ji Nan asked again.
"White."
"Pure white?"
"Pure and not pure white …" Luo Zheng was speechless.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Ji Nan heaved a sigh of relief. "No wonder!"
"What do you mean?"
Ji Nan said with a smile, "I think you did defeat Sister Luoxue, but that was only half of her strength. More accurately, it was less than 60% of her strength!"
When Luo Zheng heard this strange conversation, he finally understood a little. This Ji Luoxue did seem to have something special about him.
Seeing Luo Zheng's strange expression, Ji Nan continued, "Sister Luo Xue has two bodies at the same time. You didn't really lose to her! If she merges with the black snow, that is her true strength. Only by defeating Sister Luoxue at that time can she be considered to have truly defeated her! "
Two bodies in a single thought, Black Snow?
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Ji Luoxue was the strongest opponent Luo Zheng had encountered in the Illusory Battlefield! But Luo Zheng didn't expect that she wasn't at her full strength at that time.
Based on the meaning of One Thought Two Bodies, this Ji Luoxue also has an existence of Black Snow whose strength is almost the same as her own?
Then Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "I hope we'll have a chance to fight again!"
"There should be!" Ji Nan nodded. "At that time, you'll know how terrifying Sister Luoxue is …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about whether Ji Luoxue's true strength was as terrifying as Ji Nan said.
In order to obtain a result in this Battle of the Ages, Luo Zheng still needed to continuously increase his ranking. Nothing else would be of much use.
They continued to climb up the stairs. About 30 minutes later, they had reached the halfway point.
Everyone arrived at the waist of the mountain, where another Karma Hall appeared.
This Karma Hall was several times larger than the previous Karma Hall, both in terms of height and width!
The eight cultivators in front were already waiting for Luo Zheng and Ji Nan in front of the Karma Hall.
More accurately, they were waiting for Ji Nan.
Ji Nan had always been the leader. She was the only one who was more familiar with the Karma Hall. Now that she wasn't leading, no one was willing to enter.
"The second Karma Hall." Ji Nan glanced at it and said, "Every Karma Hall is different. Whether one can pass through it or not doesn't depend on one's strength. It also depends on one's reaction and judgment … The difficulty of the second Karma Hall will be greatly increased!
As she spoke, Ji Nan stepped in without any hesitation.
After she entered, the others followed at the same time …
"This hall …"
The first Karma Hall was completely empty. Only the white rays of light shot out from the two sides of the wall. It could be said to be extremely simple. Not to mention Divine Ocean Realm cultivators like them, even cultivators of a lower realm could pass through easily as long as they were careful. It was also because of this that the first Karma Hall only gave 100 Fantasy Points!
The floor and walls of the second Karma Hall were dyed with a layer of faint golden patterns, giving off a sense of luxury.
Huge square stones were placed in the center of the hall.
These square stones were 30 feet tall, 30 feet wide, and 30 feet long. The surface was engraved with complicated patterns. No one knew which race they were from …
Everyone sized up the square stones from a distance of several hundred feet. They looked left and right but couldn't figure out anything. Finally, their eyes fell on Ji Nan.
Ji Nan was still measuring Luo Zheng's strength. At the same time, she was guessing Luo Zheng's true identity.
Although Luo Zheng said that he had defeated Ji Luoxue, if Ji Nan displayed her strongest strength, she should be slightly stronger than half of Ji Luoxue's strength. She could only see how much strength Luo Zheng had used to defeat Sister Luoxue … However, in a battle between cultivators, there were too many factors that determined victory and defeat. Most of the time, it was strength, but many times it was mentality, and sometimes it was luck or even the grasp of details!
If she wanted to measure Luo Zheng's strength, perhaps she would have to challenge him to find out. However, this Karma Hall was not suitable. However, she should have a chance to reach the end of this Illusory Battlefield.
Her mind was in a mess. When she realized that everyone's eyes were on her again, she said unhappily, "This Karma Hall is different every time. It's also my first time here …"
"Indeed, it's a little inappropriate to let a woman take the lead," a human cultivator said with a faint smile. "Since no one is willing to take the first step, then let me!"
After this human cultivator finished speaking, he pulled out a sword from the scabbard hanging at his waist. Then, he raised the sword. His eyes narrowed slightly. After he closed his eyes, faint blue dots of light continuously floated out.
These blue dots of light slowly formed a human figure. In the end, the human figure completely transformed into the human cultivator's appearance.
"Sword Spirit!" Seeing the Sword Spirit, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
"What a solid Sword Spirit!"
"It's perfect to use a Sword Spirit to explore the way!"
"In this Karma Hall, if you can't figure out the rules and are careless, you can lose your life. Unfortunately, we don't have a Puppet Master among us …"
After passing the first Karma Hall, everyone was somewhat familiar with this Karma Hall.
At first, when they heard the words "Karma Law", everyone was frightened. If someone in this Karma Hall mastered some kind of Karma Law, even if this person only had the cultivation of the Divine Sea Realm, it would be difficult for them to pass. After all, some Karma Laws were too powerful. They could even be called rascals. The price to pay to resist them was quite high.
Now, it seemed that the tests in this Karma Hall contained some rules. After mastering those rules, there was still a good chance of passing.
The human cultivator's Sword Spirit was indeed solid, but compared to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, there was still a big gap.
When Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit took shape, it was almost no different from a real person. However, if one looked carefully, they could still see that the Sword Spirit of the human cultivator was somewhat illusory. However, to be able to condense the Sword Spirit to this extent was already very good.
After the Sword Spirit took shape, it walked towards the center of the hall. Everyone's eyes were also fixed on the Sword Spirit.
From the entrance to the center of the hall, there was not much movement. However, when the Sword Spirit approached the huge rock, the square rock suddenly shook. It rolled on the spot and fiercely pressed down on the Sword Spirit!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1247
If it were an ordinary boulder, the ten people present wouldn't even bat an eyelid!
Not to mention a ten-meter-tall boulder, even if a mountain rolled over, it wouldn't cause any harm to the Sword Spirit.
With the might of this person's Sword Spirit, it would be too easy to split a mountain.
However, this was a boulder in the Karma Hall after all. Not to mention what kind of Laws this boulder contained, just the fact that it couldn't be destroyed was enough to give them a headache.
However, the human cultivator controlling the Sword Spirit only lightly shook the longsword in his hand, and the Sword Spirit suddenly retreated.
"Boom!"
The square-shaped boulder rolled over and missed, but the huge force caused the entire Karma Hall to shake!
This time, it didn't press down on the Sword Spirit. The square-shaped boulder rolled again, rolling along the path of the Sword Spirit and pressing down again. The rolling speed even surpassed the Sword Spirit's dodging speed!
Seeing this scene, the human cultivator smiled faintly. His longsword suddenly shook, and the blue Sword Spirit instantly turned into seven or eight small blue swords that scattered in all directions. Then, they merged into one again and turned into a human figure.
"The difficulty of the second Karma Hall isn't that high." A human cultivator smiled faintly. If it was just this boulder blocking the way, he had absolute confidence in passing through it.
However, as the square boulder rolled once more, one of its sides faced the crowd at the entrance of the Karma Hall. On this side of the boulder was a ghost face. This ghost face was incomparably ferocious, and it had a mouth full of sharp teeth. It grinned, and that smile gave people a strange feeling!
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
Then, the square-shaped boulder stopped chasing the Sword Spirit and went straight for the Sword Spirit's owner. The square-shaped boulder seemed to have intelligence, and it knew that the Sword Spirit was controlled by this person!
The square-shaped boulder was thirty feet in length, width, and height. Every time it rolled, it would cover a distance of thirty feet. Its rolling speed was also extremely fast, and the distance in the hall was limited. In just two breaths of time, it had rushed to the front of the human cultivator.
The human martial artist remained calm. It seemed that there was a limit to the direction in which the boulder rolled.
The floor of the Karma Hall was also divided into squares that were thirty feet long and wide. When the huge rock rolled, it strictly followed the square on the floor. Moreover, it could only roll forward, left, and right. If it wanted to move diagonally, it would need to roll to the left and then to the front. Only by doing so could it move diagonally.
With a slight sway of his body, the Human Martial Artist moved diagonally to the top of the square boulder. The boulder could not reach its original position in one step, so it could only roll to the side and then press down on the Human Martial Artist again.
However, at this moment, the human cultivator's figure flashed again and maintained a fine line with the square boulder. As a result, the boulder seemed to be toyed with by the human cultivator. Although its speed was not fast, it was still slower than the human cultivator.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
As the ground continued to tremble, the human martial artist moved left and right, maintaining a diagonal line with the boulder. At the same time, he said, "Everyone, follow me and maintain a diagonal line with the boulder. Passing through the second Karma Hall won't be difficult!"
Hearing this, everyone understood tacitly.
It seemed that the Karma Hall was like this. Even the slightest mistake could lead to immediate death. For example, if one was accidentally crushed by the boulder, even the Demon Race cultivators with powerful physical bodies, or even Luo Zheng, would not be able to withstand it. However, as long as one grasped the rules, passing through the Karma Hall would not be difficult.
"Since that's the case, there's no need to waste time in this hall. Let's quickly pass through," a cultivator said and rushed into the depths of the hall.
The moment this warrior rushed over, he caused the two square boulders to roll and chase after that warrior.
However, Ji Nan, who had been standing beside Luo Zheng, frowned slightly.
"What's wrong?" Seeing Ji Nan's expression, Luo Zheng asked.
Ji Nan stared at the boulders and said, "I feel something is wrong. The difficulty of this second Karma Hall should not be so low."
From the beginning, she had told everyone that they needed to work together to pass through this Karma Hall. This was because as the difficulty of the Karma Hall increased in the later stages, the more people there were, the better.
However, it was almost impossible for all ten of them to pass through all the Karma Halls unscathed.
So, last time, of the nine people who had come with her, only two were left at the final stage, causing them to fail at the last step and fail to pass through the last Karma Hall …
Ji Nan clearly remembered that the second Karma Hall was by no means simple. Last time, two people had died in the second Karma Hall.
"You mean, we haven't figured out the rules of this Karma Hall?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I have a hunch, but … let's pass through first," Ji Nan said, her sleeves fluttering as she strode forward, her movements agile.
As the ten people began to move forward, all the square boulders in the hall began to roll.
For a time, the entire hall was filled with the sound of rolling boulders, deafening to the ears.
Rumble, rumble …
Everyone imitated the Human Race cultivator and moved forward along the diagonal lines on the ground. This way, the boulders could only constantly adjust their direction, making it difficult for them to keep up.
Although the second Karma Hall was several times wider than the first Karma Hall, with everyone rapidly shuttling back and forth, it did not take them long to reach the end of the Karma Hall.
"We've passed!"
"Heh, although the reward isn't much, it's very easy. I wonder if I can earn back those five million fantasy points …"
"That is …"
Just as everyone thought they had passed through the Karma Hall, at the end of the Karma Hall, rows of fences formed from white light suddenly rose up!
These light fences tightly blocked everyone's way out, making it impossible for them to move forward.
Seeing the light fences suddenly appear in front of them, everyone's complexion suddenly changed. The Demon Race cultivator was even more startled as he said, "What the fuck is this? Why can't we pass?"
Luo Zheng looked at these white light fences and frowned. The square boulders behind them did not give them any time to think as they began to roll towards them!
"Retreat first. I knew that it wouldn't be so easy." Ji Nan said as her entire body turned into a white shadow and rushed downwards. The moment she rushed past, the huge square-shaped rock had already ruthlessly covered her, almost covering her within it.
"We've been blocked? There should be some mechanism in this Karma Hall, or do we need to fulfill some conditions before we can pass? "Luo Zheng pondered as he dodged these square boulders.
"Ah, save me!"
At this moment, a person howled not far away. This person was constantly dodging, but he was blocked in a corner by three square boulders.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's figure turned into a ray of light and flew towards this person. The moment he approached this person, he quickly struck out with his palm!
"Pa!"
That person was directly sent flying by Luo Zheng's palm. At this critical moment, he flew out from the gap between two square boulders and rolled a great distance on the ground.
"Luo Tianxing?"
Ji Nan was shocked. Why was this guy showing off his ability?
He pushed others out, but he himself was in danger?
In her heart, she was still hoping that this person would be able to go further in the Illusory Battlefield. At the very least, she would have the opportunity to challenge him!
If he was crushed by these boulders at this moment, not only would he have wasted five million fantasy points, but he would also lose half of his fantasy points. As a result, it would be very difficult for him to get up again.
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. Although these ten people had formed a temporary team because they had used the metal voucher at the same time, there was no tacit understanding between them. There was even a faint hostility between them. For example, in the first Illusory Hall, Luo Zheng wanted to break the small skull and almost killed someone. More than one person had wanted to kill him.
Seeing Luo Zheng step in to save someone and even sacrifice himself, they felt strangely moved in their hearts.

Chapter 1248
Just as the square-shaped boulder was about to press down on him, his face was full of calmness. Then, a white mist rose from Luo Zheng's body.
"Eight-Turn Flying Smoke!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body was as light as a feather!
Although the boulder's rolling speed was extremely fast, it was still very large.
Luo Zheng's Eight-Turn Flying Smoke was very special. It was a movement technique that danced on the tip of a knife!
The faster the opponent's speed and the stronger the momentum, the more Luo Zheng's body could move with the momentum!
Up until now, only the crescent blade under Ji Luoxue's feet had broken through the three-inch boundary of the Eight-Turn Flying Smoke.
Yet, Luo Zheng was confident that he could dodge the boulder in front of him …
"Whoosh …"
Under everyone's watchful eyes, the boulder came crashing down on Luo Zheng's head.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's body strangely shifted horizontally. He was like a leaf that was disturbed by the wind from a palm and was "squeezed" out.
"What movement technique is this?"
Someone blurted out in surprise.
After Luo Zheng escaped danger, his figure floated down. He naturally did not have the time to answer this question, because two more square-shaped boulders came crashing down from the side …
After everyone rushed out from the end of the hall, they once again engaged in a battle with the rolling boulders.
"Thank you, friend, for saving my life." The warrior who was saved by Luo Zheng found an opportunity to thank Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, shook his head, and said, "We are all exploring the Karma Hall together. When necessary, we need to work together. Helping you is also helping myself."
His words had greatly reduced the wariness between the ten of them.
Some warriors originally had selfish motives. If the others were crushed by the boulders, and the illusory light spots that exploded were ownerless, they would naturally have an opportunity to take advantage of it. Now, it seemed that if they wanted to go further here, cooperation was extremely important!
"But with that white light barrier blocking us, I don't know how we can pass through!" someone said gloomily.
"Everyone, be careful. There must be some kind of mechanism here." As everyone retreated, they discussed how to pass through this place.
At that moment, the short Human Race martialist from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region suddenly said, "Perhaps the mechanism is on this huge rock …"
After saying that, he turned over and avoided the heavy pressure of the huge rock in front of him. A short sword appeared in his hand. It was the Supreme Artifact, Buddha's Sun Blade!
"Whoosh …"
His figure flashed as he circled around the boulder. Although he couldn't fly in the hall, his speed was still several times faster!
The Buddha Sun Blade in his hand lightly sliced across the giant stone!
"Whoosh!"
The moment the Buddha Sun Blade slashed across, it produced a crisp sound! A swastika character appeared on the surface of the boulder!
"Boom!"
When the boulder pressed down on him again, the short martial artist's figure flashed and the Buddha's Sun Blade appeared again, leaving a swastika on the surface of the boulder!
After several times, a swastika was left on the surface of the boulder!
Then, the short martial artist suddenly retreated. Holding the Buddha Sun Blade in his hand, he stared at the boulder and chanted, "One word to break ten directions, shatter the maxim!"
"Buzz buzz …"
The swastika character on the surface of the boulder began to rotate rapidly at the same time.
"Whoosh …"
An extremely strong force exploded on the surface of the boulder. In the bursts of Buddha's light, there seemed to be countless sharp sword shadows shooting toward the surface of the boulder.
"What a powerful technique!" Luo Zheng's gaze was also very serious. The Buddha Sun Blade was also a supreme divine artifact, and it was different from the Black Star Pickaxe. It was an attack-type magic treasure, so it was not surprising that it had such power.
Moreover, there was also the law of karma in the Supreme Artifact. Could the Buddha Sun Blade break this boulder?
Everyone avoided the crushing boulder while paying attention to the movements here …
"Boom, boom …"
The boulder slowly stopped rolling!
"It succeeded?"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. When the light dissipated, he saw that the boulder was still intact. At the same time, a small ghost face appeared on the surface of the boulder again!
Everyone was also slightly stunned when they saw the ghost face!
The shape of the ghost face suddenly changed from a strange smiling face to a crying face!
Seeing this scene, everyone's hearts suddenly tightened.
"Everyone, be careful!" Ji Nan reminded.
Although they did not know what kind of change they would face, seeing this change, everyone knew that it was not good!
At the same time, a mournful ghost face appeared on the surface of all the square boulders in the hall at the same time.
"Don't be in a straight line with these boulders." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he suddenly took a step to the side!
Just as Luo Zheng moved away, all the square-shaped boulders shot out a square-shaped beam of light in all four directions!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This square beam of light was three feet high and three feet wide. It covered a square on the ground and extended all the way to the end of the hall!
Every square boulder released a square beam of light at the same time. Under the crisscrossing of each other, there was very little space left for the warriors to dodge …
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the square. At this moment, the front and back of him were filled with light beams in all directions. He could only move left and right, and could not move forward or backward.
"This beam of light … I'm afraid that anyone who touches it will die. Although I have warned you, I don't know if any warriors have fallen?" Luo Zheng did not move recklessly at this moment. Just now, Luo Zheng had also given a warning.
As long as one was facing the square boulder, they would be illuminated by the square beam of light!
These beams of light continued to shoot out, and it lasted for a full ten breaths of time before the light gradually dimmed and dissipated.
When the light beams disappeared, everyone saw two dreamy light spots floating in the air …
"Two people have fallen." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
There were eight square boulders in the area where the two people had been standing. It was a dangerous place where there was no way to dodge.
When everyone saw the two dreamy light spots, their hearts sank. Under this round of illumination, two people had actually died. But they still had not found a way to break it!
The two dreamy light spots were not small in number. Everyone estimated that there were at least three million dreamy light spots each. But at this moment, no one was in the mood to absorb them!
"Rumble, rumble …"
Not long after, the boulders began to roll again. At this moment, they did not chase after the crowd, but lined up in a row!
If these boulders really lined up in a row and shot the square beam of light in front of them, there would be no blind spot in the entire Dream Hall. Everyone would undoubtedly die!
"There's one less square boulder over there!"
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng roared and sprinted horizontally. At the same time, he shouted, "Over here! Everyone come over here! "
The situation changed too quickly. Everyone had no time to think. They only saw Ji Nan and the other six surviving warriors rushing toward Luo Zheng at the same time under Luo Zheng's command!
When the last warrior rushed into the square where Luo Zheng was, the row of square boulders released a square beam of light at the same time!
These square boulders were connected to each other. Naturally, the light beams on the left and right sides could not be released. But the light beams released from the front and back covered the entire Karma Hall. There was no blind spot!
However, when these square-shaped boulders were arranged neatly, there were a total of 43 of them. In this huge square hall, the horizontal arrangement could accommodate 44 square-shaped boulders. With one less square-shaped boulder, it was also the only chance of survival left!
There was a way to break this Karma Hall. Naturally, this chance of survival would not be blocked. If it was blocked, then no one would be able to pass through.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Everyone squeezed together with Luo Zheng. Looking at the huge light beams on both sides, their faces were pale.
Except for this place, everywhere in this hall was a hopeless situation!
Under the illumination of the light beams, everyone had a chance to catch their breath.
"We shouldn't have attacked that stone pillar just now." Someone blamed the short warrior from Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm.
The short warrior did not speak, but Luo Zheng said, "No … If we want to pass through this hall, I'm afraid that's the only way! It's also his attack that caused the Karma Hall to evolve to this stage! "
If the short warrior had not used the Buddha Sun Blade to attack the square boulder, everyone would still be chased by the boulder. There was no way to break it.
"Then … how do we break these boulders? If we're not careful, we'll die! We can't keep hiding like this, right? "someone said.

Chapter 1249
After more than ten breaths of time, the square beams of light shot out from these boulders stopped again …
All the boulders began to roll at the same time!
Now that everyone had figured out the pattern of these boulders, they were slightly calmer.
These boulders only rolled along the square on the ground. As long as the square where everyone was was was not in a straight line with these boulders, they could avoid the square beams of light.
"Boom …"
This time, all the boulders were no longer arranged in a row, but scattered and rolled.
At this moment, the eight surviving Martial Warriors were constantly adjusting their positions as the boulders continued to roll.
"Here is fine!"
"Don't stand here. If a boulder rolls over there, this place will be sealed!"
"Come here quickly …"
After many warriors found the "safe spot", they stopped moving and quietly waited for the boulders to shoot out the square beams of light.
Just now, all the square boulders were arranged in a row, but only one was missing, so the "safe spot" was the long gap.
At this moment, all the square boulders were in a mess, and the safe spot was also separated …
"Whoosh!"
While the boulders were rolling, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to find the safe spot. Instead, he kept shuttling between the boulders and observing.
Ever since they were attacked by the short warrior from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, a ghost face had appeared on all six sides of the square boulders …
"The key must be on these ghost faces." Luo Zheng swept past quickly, his eyes frantically scanning.
"Boom …"
The moment all the boulders stopped rolling, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
"The ghost face on this boulder is a little different?"
He faintly saw that the color of the ghost face on this boulder seemed to be slightly different from the other ghost faces. The ghost faces on the other boulders were only black lines, but the ghost face at the bottom of this boulder was dark red!
But as soon as Luo Zheng came over, the ghost face was pressed down. Luo Zheng could not lift this boulder to look at it!
At this moment, all the boulders were motionless, so Luo Zheng could only give up. He found a safe spot nearby and stood still, thinking in his mind.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Beams of light shot out from all four sides of the boulders at the same time. These 43 boulders shot out a total of 172 beams of light in four directions.
Luo Zheng frowned as he looked at the terrifying power contained in the light beam. He stared at the huge rock not far away!
These square beams of light continued to shine for about ten breaths of time before gradually dissipating. Then, all the boulders started to roll again.
Luo Zheng stared at the square boulder. As it rolled, it flipped over toward the underground side!
"The crimson ghost face … disappeared?" Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned again. He had finally found a clue, but now it was gone.
This time, all the boulders rolled towards one side of the hall. Clearly, they wanted to line up again!
"We're missing a piece here!" The Demon Race cultivator shouted.
At this moment, all the warriors did not care about anything else and rushed over.
Of course, Luo Zheng was no exception. After the boulders were lined up, there was only one safe spot left.
The crowd, who had been separated, stood together again at this moment …
"Did you find anything?" Ji Nan also saw that Luo Zheng seemed to be looking for a solution.
"At the bottom," Luo Zheng answered briefly, "There seems to be a ghost face. It's different in color from the other ghost faces. It's dark red!"
"Really?!" Hearing this, Ji Nan's eyes suddenly lit up, "Then let's find that ghost face first and smash it!"
Although each time one entered the Karma Hall, the test they encountered was different, when Ji Nan entered the Karma Hall before, there was a hall that was similar to this one. One had to find a dragon-shaped sculpture on one of the 33 stone pillars and shatter it in order to pass!
"That crimson ghost face seems to be deliberately hidden by these boulders, and it can even change its position," Luo Zheng said helplessly, "Even if we find it, it's too late to smash it!"
"That's true." Ji Nan's small nose wrinkled slightly, and she fell into deep thought.
"No matter what, let's find that crimson ghost face first," a woman from the Yao Night Clan said.
Everyone nodded …
After gradually getting used to the pattern of the boulders rolling, everyone became calmer and calmer.
When the row of square-shaped boulders spread out again, everyone was no longer in a hurry to find a "safe spot" to hide. Instead, they kept moving closer to the square-shaped boulders. In any case, the square-shaped boulders would not chase after them at this stage.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
One figure after another shuttled around the boulders.
"I see it. It's this one … there is indeed a crimson ghost face!" The Demon Race cultivator shouted excitedly, "But it's being crushed by this boulder …"
As soon as the Demon Race cultivator finished speaking, all the boulders once again shot out beams of light. Luo Zheng originally wanted to rush over, but the beams of light in front of him blocked his path. This time, although Luo Zheng did not see the crimson ghost face, he was able to confirm what he had seen, and his thoughts became clearer.
The key was definitely the crimson ghost face. However, these boulders seemed to have their own thoughts. When they rolled, they would always hide the crimson ghost face underneath. Moreover, there were 43 boulders, and each boulder had six ghost faces on its surface. There were a total of 258 ghost faces, and they had to find the crimson ghost face!
This was extremely difficult!
Not long after, all the boulders were once again lined up in a row, and Luo Zheng and the others naturally gathered together.
Everyone looked at each other, hoping that the other would be able to think of a way to break this trap …
"There is a stupid way," Luo Zheng said.
"Please speak," the woman from the Yao Night Clan said. Now, no matter what Luo Zheng suggested, as long as it did not put their lives in danger, they would follow his suggestion.
"Who has the means to set up this trap?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the cultivator in the round hat lifted his hat and faintly smiled, "I can." As he spoke, he gently waved his hand and three finger-thick purple bamboos appeared in his hand. He gently sprinkled them, and the purple bamboos fell to the ground and naturally stood upright.
"It's useless!" Luo Zheng shook his head.
"This is Purple Thunder Bamboo. When it explodes, its power …" The cultivator in the round hat was about to give a long explanation, but Luo Zheng simply ignored him. Time was of the essence, so how could he explain it to this fellow?
Under the pressure of these rolling boulders, the Purple Thunder Bamboo would be easily crushed!
What Luo Zheng needed was a trap similar to a Divine Rune. In fact, Luo Zheng had a suitable Divine Rune in his mind, but at this moment, he could not draw one.
At this moment, some of the cultivators were still very confused, but Ji Nan and the short cultivator had already reacted!
Since the boulders would continue to roll, one side would eventually face the ground, and the dark red ghost face would eventually be covered by the ground. Then, they could set up traps on all the squares in the hall and detonate all the traps in the hall, eventually hitting the dark red ghost face.
This was a stupid method, but it was an effective one!
"I can," Ji Nan smiled and said, "Seal of the Divine Tree!" With a flick of Ji Nan's fingers, mysterious runes appeared on the two squares in front and behind her. These runes contained dense Wood Element Laws!
With just a thought from Ji Nan, the Thorn of the Divine Tree would appear! This was originally one of Ji Nan's most powerful killing moves!
"I can do that as well," the short cultivator nodded and clasped his hands together. A Palm of Thunder suddenly burst out and slammed into the ground, causing a lightning pattern to appear on the square.
Because they didn't know where these boulders would move to, this stupid method was also quite time-consuming because they had to cover all the squares in the hall with traps.
It was just that no one could think of a good method …
As they dodged, the two of them placed their traps on the square on the ground in rows.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1250
The short cultivator and Ji Nan's speed was quite strange.
The two of them were ranked in the top three of the ten cultivators present.
Although the square beams of light slowed down the two of them, starting from one side of the Karma Hall, traps began to appear on the square lattices on the ground.
Ji Nan was using the "Seal of the Divine Tree". This was a profound technique derived from the fifth level of the Laws of Wood, and it was one of the most powerful techniques of her Ji Clan.
As for the palm-shaped lightning rune the short cultivator used, he didn't explain it, but it was likely to be extraordinarily powerful.
The two of them shuttled through the Karma Hall. Every time they arrived at a square, they would set up a trap. In less than five minutes, the traps they had set up had already occupied a third of the entire hall.
As they constantly used their divine abilities, the two of them rested for a moment between the light beams released by the square boulders and replenished the True Essence in their bodies.
This stupid method consumed a lot of True Essence, but in order to pass through the Karma Hall, they had no choice but to do so.
In any case, according to Luo Zheng's plan, as long as all the boulders covered the squares with traps and activated all the traps at the same time, they would definitely be able to shatter the red ghost face!
As the cultivators dodged, they did their best to assist Ji Nan and the short cultivator. For example, the Yao Ye Clan woman tied a light green feather to Ji Nan's hair by her ear. This was the crown feather of the Divine Beast Blue Luan, and it could make one as light as a swallow. This made it much easier for Ji Nan to run.
However …
When this "vast project" was halfway through, Zhang Xuan suddenly changed his mind.
Above all the squares on the floor of the hall, a black light suddenly spread out, releasing a very unique power!
The black light spread across the ground, but it didn't cause any harm to the cultivators in the hall. However, after the black light disappeared, the traps that the short cultivator and Ji Nan had set up also disappeared!
"This …"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
Even Ji Nan and the short cultivator didn't look too good …
As for the other cultivators, they were all silent.
Traps weren't allowed in the Karma Hall?
Half of the traps had been set up, but they had been instantly destroyed!
Hum hum hum …
All the square boulders once again lined up and released a square beam of light.
Ji Nan had a very precise grasp of the situation. She calmly took a step forward and entered the safe zone. She asked Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was deep in thought.
There was definitely a way to break through the Karma Hall. It was just that he hadn't thought of it.
When the boulders rolled, they actually had a chance to attack the ghost face at the bottom …
However, there were only forty-three boulders, and they had a chance of destroying the ghost face. As long as the ghost face face face before the boulders completely, they would have a chance of destroying it..................................................
This plan was even more stupid than the previous one.
However, they had no other choice!
Everyone was willing to spend five million Fantasy points to take a gamble. No one was willing to back out just like that.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng proposed this plan, everyone was very cooperative and did as he said.
Everyone randomly chose a boulder. When the boulders scattered and were ready to shoot the beam of light, everyone looked at the side of the boulder.
Luo Zheng had already taken out his dark golden bow. His eyes were as sharp as an eagle's. As long as the ghost face appeared at the moment of rolling, he would release an arrow!
"Not here …"
"Not here either!"
"Not here …"
"Rumble, rumble …"
Just as they finished speaking, all the square boulders rolled into place and began to release the square beam of light.
Even if the ghost face appeared now, Luo Zheng and the others couldn't do anything. After all, whether it was Luo Zheng or the other cultivators, they couldn't flip the boulder over. They could only wait for the next opportunity.
The square-shaped boulders spread out, then gathered into a row, then spread out again …
"Again!"
It wasn't easy to destroy the ghost face. First of all, they only had a one-fifth chance of finding the ghost face. Furthermore, they had to act the moment the boulders pressed down.
However, none of the cultivators present were discouraged.
"Found it!"
This time, they found the Demon Race cultivator. Hearing his loud roar, everyone focused their eyes on the boulder beside him at the same time.
At the same time, everyone heard the sound of a bowstring being pulled!
An arrow of light shot towards the boulder at an extremely fast speed ….
That arrow was shot by Luo Zheng. His reaction was the fastest. As soon as the Demon Clan cultivator's voice sounded, his right hand instantly loosened the bowstring!
However, at the same time, from another direction, a sharp sword light shot out!
Half of the square boulder had already rolled over. As long as it tilted forward again, it would firmly cover the pale red ghost face underneath.
However, these two attacks were extremely fast. They were about to hit the part of the boulder that wasn't completely covered.
"Damn it!"
Luo Zheng and the short cultivator's faces suddenly changed.
Coincidentally, the sword light collided with the black arrow light!
"Pa …"
Accompanied by a crisp sound, the two attacks collided and refracted. The black arrow light shot towards the ceiling, while the sword light nailed the side of the boulder!
Seeing this, everyone's faces were filled with regret.
Especially the Demon Clan cultivator. He said resentfully, "It wasn't easy to find this ghost face …"
If it was just one person, they might have already passed through the Karma Hall.
The short cultivator smiled faintly. His mood was very casual. "It's okay. There will always be opportunities."
As the boulders rolled again and changed their positions, everyone also changed their positions.
For the next four times, no one was able to find the ghost face.
However, on the fifth time, Luo Zheng was staring at the boulder in front of him. He was slightly irritated.
When the boulder rolled over, disappointment appeared on his face. He still couldn't find it …
However, the Demon Night Clan woman not far in front of him suddenly pointed behind Luo Zheng. "Over there!"
Luo Zheng didn't have time to figure out where she was pointing. He turned his head almost reflexively. In his panic, he didn't have time to adjust the longbow in his hand. This was because he only had a chance to attack the ghost face in the blink of an eye!
When Luo Zheng turned his head, his right hand released the bowstring. It didn't matter where the arrow was shot. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he grabbed a small skull on his right shoulder and threw it towards the boulder!
The moment the boulder fell, Luo Zheng stuffed the small skull into the boulder from the bottom!
"Boom …"
With a muffled sound, everyone saw that the boulder couldn't press down any further!
Even with the unimaginable weight of the square-shaped boulder, it still wasn't able to crush the little skull. The square-shaped boulder was stuck in place by the little skull just like that.
"Be careful of the beam of light!"
Ji Nan shouted from not far away.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was in the same direction as the boulder. If he was hit by the beam of light, he would definitely die!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly lay on the ground!
Buzz buzz buzz …
Because the small skull was stuck in the boulder, the side of the boulder was shot diagonally upwards.
When Luo Zheng lay down, he just happened to avoid the beam of light!
At the same time, Luo Zheng took out another black arrow from his quiver.
The beam of light would last for a few breaths of time. At this moment, Luo Zheng had plenty of time. With a smile on his face, he stared at the ghost face, nocked his bow, aimed, and released the arrow!
Whoosh —
The black arrow whizzed out and nailed itself onto the dark red ghost face along the bottom that the little skeleton had pried up.
Luo Zheng was still a little worried. After all, the key to passing through the Karma Hall was the ghost face. It was just their speculation!
Puff …
The arrow nailed itself to the ghost face!

Chapter 1251
After the dark red ghost face was nailed to the ground, it suddenly shattered …
The cracks extended all the way until the entire square boulder was covered in cracks. Then, with a loud bang, the boulder exploded, sending stone fragments flying everywhere.
These square boulders were originally ordinary stones.
However, on the surface of these stones, there was some kind of extremely strong Karma Law that was protected by the rules of the Heavenly Dao, so they could not be destroyed.
Just like the city walls of the various main cities, this was also the reason. Therefore, no matter how powerful the power of a battle between cultivators was, it could not be destroyed.
"You scared me to death …"
The one who spoke was the Demon Race cultivator. Just now, in a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng had directly released the bowstring and casually shot the first arrow. It just so happened that the Demon Race cultivator's side was almost hit by Luo Zheng's arrow.
Luo Zheng also noticed this scene, but time was of the essence, so he could not care so much.
"Sorry," Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"It's fine … at least we can pass through this damn hall!" The Demon Race cultivator laughed heartily, not caring at all. Besides, even if that arrow had hit, it might not have been able to take his life. Luo Zheng's bow was obtained from the lower realms and could only be regarded as a low-level treasure among Divine Tools. However, this Demon Race cultivator was fully armed.
A cultivator looked at the motionless boulder next to him and stretched out his hand to lightly slap it, causing the square boulder to explode …
Just now, they had been forced to flee in all directions by these boulders, and now they could not help but vent their frustrations. As a result, the square boulders were smashed into pieces by them one by one.
Ji Nan walked over to Luo Zheng and smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng, "Amazing!"
"I was lucky. I didn't expect this little skull to come in handy," Luo Zheng took off a small skull from his back. This thing could not be destroyed and gave Luo Zheng a terrible headache, but it could be used at a critical moment.
This time, Luo Zheng could be considered the hero of passing through the second Karma Hall.
In the first Karma Hall, Luo Zheng had almost killed several people, so they were naturally unhappy and even angry. However, at this moment, all of this was gone.
Although they were a temporary team, their cooperation would eventually shorten the distance between them.
"Bang bang bang …"
The Karma Hall exploded with loud noises. In the blink of an eye, more than forty square-shaped boulders were smashed into smithereens. Piles of stone fragments covered the ground.
At this moment, everyone's gaze fell on a certain place in the hall. There were still two balls of dreamy light floating there. These two balls of dreamy light were left behind by the two people who had fallen under the illumination of the square beam of light.
Because these two people were not killed by others, these dreamy light spots were considered ownerless. Previously, everyone had a tacit understanding and did not take advantage of the chaos to absorb these two dreamy light spots.
Now that everyone had passed through the Karma Hall, they naturally shifted their gazes to the Karma Hall. After all, the two balls of dreamy light added up to a few million. It wasn't a small number.
The only problem was how to distribute it …
"Luo Tianxing is the only one," Ji Nan said faintly. Although her face was indifferent, there was a kind of unnegotiable momentum in her tone.
"En, we'll divide the remaining portion equally." The short cultivator nodded.
The round-hat cultivator's face revealed an unconvinced expression, "Why …"
Just as he opened his mouth, Ji Nan and the short cultivator's gazes locked onto him, causing him to immediately shut his mouth.
The greatest contributor to passing through the second Karma Hall was Luo Zheng. At this moment, it wasn't excessive for him to receive an extra portion of dreamy light spots.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't refuse. With a faint smile, he walked towards one of the balls of dreamy light spots and absorbed all of them. This could be considered an additional income or a 'legacy'.
As for the other dreamy light spot, after everyone agreed, they all carefully absorbed it one by one. After each person absorbed several hundred thousand dreamy light spots, they would quickly leave and take another person's place. No one dared to take this opportunity to swallow it all. After all, if they did, they would be hunted down by the other cultivators. No one dared to take this risk, not to mention it was only several hundred thousand dreamy light spots.
After absorbing these two dreamy light spots, everyone began to move towards the end of the Karma Hall. When they arrived at the end of the Karma Hall, the white light barriers that had blocked their path had already disappeared.
However, there was a giant square boulder blocking their path.
This giant square boulder was the one that blocked the exit of the Karma Hall!
"Why is there another giant square boulder?"
"How did this giant square boulder roll here?"
"Let me!"
That Demon Race cultivator had smashed a total of fifteen giant square boulders. At this moment, when he saw the remaining giant boulder, he gathered his strength and strode towards the giant boulder. The sturdy muscles on his body swelled as he forcefully struck out with both palms.
"Pu!"
With this palm strike, everyone originally thought that the giant square boulder would shatter.
However, this square-shaped boulder stood there and did not move an inch!
Everyone frowned when they saw this scene …
Logically speaking, they had already broken through the Heavenly Dao Laws in the Karma Hall. This giant square boulder should be unable to withstand a single blow.
However, it now seemed to be completely undamaged!
If this giant square boulder was still shrouded in the formless power of the Laws, its weight was close to infinite. It couldn't be smashed or moved, and it blocked the exit. How could they pass through?
That Demon Race cultivator was also at a loss. He said in a daze, "What's going on? I can't move this boulder … "
As soon as his voice fell, he saw that the surface of the giant square boulder suddenly seeped out yellow light spots.
These yellow light spots fluttered around and immediately flew towards the Demon Race cultivator's body …
"This, why are there dreamy light spots emerging!" The Demon Race cultivator was shocked. Moreover, the number of dreamy light spots that escaped was not small. In an instant, he had nearly 400,000 dreamy light spots.
Seeing this scene, everyone's faces revealed expressions of interest.
Ji Nan said indifferently, "If I'm not wrong, this is the reward for the second Dream Hall. Everyone can obtain it. However, it seems that the reward should be based on the power of the technique!"
"Ah!" The Demon Race cultivator's eyes widened like a bull's and he immediately roared, "This won't do! Again! "
Just now, he only wanted to smash this giant square boulder with his palm strike. He only used half of his strength and didn't use any martial skills, so he obtained 400,000 dreamy light spots. Regretting it, he anxiously clenched his fist and punched the giant square boulder again …
"Dong!"
The power of this punch was much greater than before, but no dreamy light spots emerged from the surface of the giant square boulder.
The Demon Race cultivator's face revealed a mournful expression. As for everyone else, they all revealed looks of pity.
Everyone clearly knew what he had missed out on, but nothing needed to be said …
The Demon Race cultivator silently retreated to the side, his face full of resentment. At this moment, his intestines were green with regret. Why did he rush to smash this giant square boulder?
After the Demon Race cultivator left, the Demon Night Clan cultivator stood in front of the giant square boulder.
With the lesson learned from the Devil Race martial artists, everyone also understood that they should unleash their most destructive means.
Some techniques were powerful, but they didn't cause much damage. In other words, they didn't cause any actual damage.
The Demon Night Clan woman stood in front of the giant boulder and thought for a moment. Then, she took two steps back and took out a fiery-red longbow.
"This longbow … is also a supreme artifact?"
Luo Zheng hadn't paid much attention to this Demon Night Clan woman before. She was very quiet and didn't show much from beginning to end. All she did was give Ji Nan a Blue Luan feather.
For her to take out a supreme artifact meant that her status in the Demon Night Clan wasn't low. Her background should be even greater than Aizen's!
She skillfully held the bow and with a light flick of her slender fingers, she pulled the bowstring …
"Empty string?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The Demon Night Clan woman didn't have an arrow in her hand.
After she pulled the bowstring, the magnificent fiery red color on the longbow began to surge. At the same time, a flame vortex appeared in front of the longbow, and as the vortex continued to rotate, a crimson arrow appeared!
"This is the Broken Moon Bursting Flame Bow. It's ranked over 2100 on the Universe Tablet." Ji Nan explained when she saw Luo Zheng's curious expression.

Chapter 1252
When she released the bowstring, there was a buzzing sound.
Everyone watched as the bowstring vibrated back and forth on the bow frame …
The fire vortex floating in front of the bow didn't shoot out. Instead, it strangely floated in front of her and slowly rotated …
The Yao Night Clan woman bashfully smiled at everyone, "We … should retreat a little!"
Seeing the power contained within the fire vortex, everyone understood that the power of the explosion would be unimaginable, so they all retreated.
Even the Yao Night Clan woman put away the Moon-Shattering Bursting Flame Bow and retreated with everyone, leaving behind the fire vortex that slowly rotated in the air …
Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, and the others retreated several hundred feet before stopping.
"It's not enough. If we continue retreating, I'm afraid you'll be affected," the Yao Night Clan woman said with a smile.
Thus, everyone retreated to the middle of the Karma Hall with her.
"Alright, that's enough." As soon as the Yao Night Clan woman said that, her eyes flashed and the sound of an explosion could be heard!
Boom ~ ~ ~
The fire vortex shot towards the square boulder and violently collided with it. The power of fire contained within the vortex spread out and spread behind them. Nearly half of the Karma Hall was immersed in fierce flames.
The Yao Night Clan woman seemed to be very familiar with the bow. She told everyone to retreat, but not too far, just enough.
Ji Nan whispered, "Fifth level of the Law of Fire, and it contains a strange Karma Law that can greatly condense the power of fire. Is this the special characteristic of the Moon-Shattering Bursting Flame Bow?"
Within the raging flames, countless dreamy specks of light appeared on the surface of the boulder. As they danced in the air, they flew towards the Yao Night Clan woman!
The number of dreamy specks of light was more than double that of the Demon Night Clan cultivator.
When the flames dissipated and the dreamy specks of light were completely absorbed, the Demon Night Clan cultivator anxiously asked, "How many? How many dreamy specks of light did you obtain?"
"2.8 million," the Yao Night Clan woman said with a faint smile.
"Ahhhhh …" The Demon Night Clan cultivator roared. At that moment, he felt extremely unbalanced. However, there was no medicine for regret in this world. Who told him to slap that square boulder?
Hearing the woman from the Fiend Night Clan, the other cultivators' hearts burned with passion.
As expected …
Just as Ji Nan had said, it was too easy to earn Fantasy Points in the Karma Hall!
He had only passed the second Karma Hall, but he had already obtained so many Fantasy Points. What about the rest?
"I see …"
Luo Zheng thought to himself, "If I only rely on plundering other warriors, it will be very difficult to maintain my ranking. If I want to get a good ranking, I must enter the Karma Hall."
After the flames dissipated, the other cultivators impatiently rushed towards the square boulder.
Following that, another human cultivator launched an attack at the square boulder!
Since he knew the rules, he naturally didn't hold back in the slightest. Instead, he exerted all his strength to execute his strongest martial skill on that square boulder …
Although this human martial artist's strength was not bad, he did not have a supreme divine artifact in the end. The number of Fantasy Points that seeped out from the boulder was not as many as the female from the Yao Night Clan, but it was still more than a million Fantasy Points.
At the same time, the Demon Race cultivator let out another wail.
Everyone present took turns to attack the square boulder. Basically, everyone obtained more than a million Fantasy Points as a reward.
Every time a person absorbed a dreamy light spot, they would hear a wail of anguish.
The people in front of them all obtained their own rewards.
At this moment, Ji Nan appeared in front of the square boulder with a confident smile on her face.
She didn't take out any weapons or magic treasures. Instead, she clasped her hands together and gently rotated them in the opposite direction. A special aura was emitted from her palms!
Next, she lightly slapped the square boulder.
"Pa." A crisp sound was heard. It was as if she had slapped the square boulder.
The Demon Race cultivator's eyes widened as he looked at Ji Nan and said, "You … don't want Fantasy Points?"
The Demon Race cultivator didn't feel much power and couldn't understand why Ji Nan would do this. However, when he thought that someone would obtain less Fantasy Points than him, he felt a little comforted.
Ji Nan faintly smiled but didn't say anything …
As for Luo Zheng, the short cultivator, and the woman from the Fiend Night Clan, when they saw this scene, they all revealed surprised expressions. Clearly, Ji Nan's slap was not ordinary!
Not long after, yellow Fantasy Points of Light began to dissipate from the square boulder. At first, they only dissipated one by one.
Seeing this, the Demon Race cultivator laughed heartily. "This should be worth 100 Fantasy Points, right?"
But soon, the Demon Race cultivator couldn't laugh anymore …
The number of Fantasy Points of Light began to increase as they floated out one by one …
"3.1 million, not bad." Ji Nan faintly smiled at Luo Zheng and then retreated to the side, leaving the Demon Race cultivator standing there in a daze.
Of the eight remaining people, six of them had absorbed different amounts of Fantasy Points. Only Luo Zheng and the short cultivator were left.
After the two of them looked at each other, the short cultivator took a step forward. "This time, let me go!"
This short cultivator had a supreme divine artifact, the Buddha Sun Blade. He should have obtained a lot of Fantasy Points.
However, contrary to everyone's expectations, he didn't seem to plan on using the Buddha Sun Blade.
He stood in front of the square boulder, his hands clasped together. After closing his eyes, he remained motionless.
"This guy, what is he doing …" The Demon Race cultivator muttered.
No one else spoke.
The square boulder in front of them rewarded Fantasy Points of Light according to the strength of everyone's attacks. Then, in front of this boulder, everyone would display their strongest strength.
In this Karma Hall, everyone was temporarily cooperating. But once they left, with the strength of these geniuses, there would be a day when they would meet each other. Understanding each other's true strength in advance, as well as their trump cards, would be of great benefit!
After the short cultivator closed his eyes, he was like an old monk in meditation. Even his aura became tranquil.
At this moment, he seemed to forget time and space. It was as if he was the only person in this world …
After the time for an incense stick to burn, everyone heard a sigh.
This sigh was incomparably bleak, as if it came from a creature that had seen through everyone.
"Haa …"
As this sigh was heard, the short cultivator gently stretched out his hand and pushed towards the square boulder.
This push was very calm and could even be called 'gentle'!
Ji Nan slapped her hand on the surface of the square boulder, causing a crisp sound to ring out. But this short cultivator's push was silent. The moment his palm touched the square boulder, he withdrew his hand, like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water.
But with this gentle push, a massive amount of Fantasy Points of Light blotted out the sky and shot straight towards the short cultivator!
"This strength is strange. The methods of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm are truly profound!" Luo Zheng looked at the short cultivator with a dignified expression, sighing in his heart.
In the universe, there were three human forces. Each of them was strong in their own way. The Gods Without Thought was established by many families, and the Human Dao Alliance was an alliance of countless Holy Lands. But the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was the most ancient of the human forces. They inherited the Buddhist Dao, and the path they took was completely different from the Gods Without Thought and the Human Dao Alliance. This was because their inheritance came from the Gods and Buddhas of the heavens!
"Three million nine hundred thousand," the short cultivator indifferently reported this number.
When everyone heard this number, they couldn't help but suck in a breath of cold air.
It wasn't that the Fantasy Points had frightened them. In fact, the Fantasy Points in these eight people's bodies were no less than four million.
But if the short cultivator could obtain close to four million Fantasy Points, didn't that mean that the power of this short cultivator's palm was several times that of theirs?
Just now, the woman from the Fiendish Night Clan had used a Supreme Divine Artifact and only obtained 2.8 million Fantasy Points. But this person had obtained 3.9 million Fantasy Points with just his bare hands?
Ji Nan pursed her lips. The record she had just set had been broken by this guy. She was unwilling to accept this, but she turned to Luo Zheng and said, "It's your turn!"
She hoped that Luo Tianxing's performance would be better than that short cultivator's.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1253
Mu Ning was the same as many geniuses of the rich and powerful families.
From the day she was born, almost every incense stick's worth of time was arranged.
She cultivated diligently day and night and worshipped her sister. She paid little attention to the trivial matters around her, wholeheartedly wanting to become the second Mu Xuerong of the Mu Family.
Mu Ning rarely calmly appreciated the other beautiful things in the world.
These days could be considered as a rare opportunity in her life. She felt that time had slowed down, and the things around her were completely different.
"That snake is too cruel. Why must it feed on young boys and girls?" Mu Ning said with a frown.
Luo Zheng glanced at Mu Ning indifferently, "When did the Mu Family's eldest daughter become so sentimental?"
"You!" Mu Ning fiercely glared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng calmly looked at the mother and son and said indifferently, "This kind of thing, whether it's in the God's Domain or the universe, happens thousands of times every day. The eldest daughter of the Mu Family naturally finds it fresh."
Hearing this, Mu Ning's heart slightly trembled. Looking at Luo Zheng, her eyes revealed a complicated look.
Her sister said he was a stowaway from the Great Yan Universe.
Climbing step by step from the universe to the God's Domain, what kind of experience did he have on his way?
As she became more and more curious about Luo Zheng, she felt a strange feeling in her heart.
The next day.
The children selected from the Eagle Fort were sent to the back of the eagles.
Hundreds of eagles soared into the sky from the Eagle Fort.
At the front were thirteen King Eagles. Luo Zheng and Mu Ning sat on two of the King Eagles.
Under the lead of the Great Tribal Chief, they flew northwest for a distance before arriving at a circular mountain pass.
It was an extinct volcano. The volcano's crater had been deposited for thousands of years, forming a beautiful lake. Many eagles had already landed around the lake. The other tribes of the Eagle Clan had already arrived.
The five tribes of the Eagle Clan were the Kang, Wa, Chao, Lang, and Wu tribes.
Luo Zheng and Mu Ning's tribe was the Kang tribe.
"Why are there two outsiders?" The Great Tribal Chief of the Chao tribe stared at Luo Zheng and Mu Ning.
Luo Zheng and Mu Ning were not the only outsiders who had entered this world. Other than the Paragons, there were also other True Gods.
These tribes were very vigilant against these outsiders. Just like Mu Ning, some True Gods killed people without saying a word, which naturally led to the resistance of these natives.
The Chao tribe was attacked by two True Gods. In the end, they had to mobilize eleven King Eagles to kill the two True Gods!
They naturally did not have a good impression of these foreign True Gods who had suddenly appeared.
"They are our friends," said the Grand Chief of the Kang tribe.
"They are enemies."
"Don't let them step into the Temple of Sky Wheel. If they anger that snake, we will all be exterminated."
The Great Chieftains of the other four clans all voiced their objections.
The Great Tribal Chief of the Kang Tribe looked back at Luo Zheng. This was something he had expected.
After Luo Zheng nodded to the Great Tribal Chief, the Great Tribal Chief of the Kang Tribe brought the other four Great Tribal Chiefs to one side and took out the Golden Cores in his hands.
Not long after, the Great Tribal Chiefs returned again. Their expressions when looking at Luo Zheng and Mu Ning changed.
These Golden Cores were too important to them. If they brought them to the Temple of Sky Wheel, they would be able to obtain these magical Golden Cores. This transaction was undoubtedly very cost-effective. The Great Tribal Chiefs did not say anything more.
Then, under the constant shouting of the Great Tribal Chiefs of the Eagle tribe, everyone returned to the back of the King Eagles.
Accompanied by a melodious sound, all the King Eagles spread their wings and soared into the sky. The scene was very spectacular …
"Xiu!"
A King Eagle shot out and flew to the front of the group in the blink of an eye.
This King Eagle was smaller than the other King Eagles. The feathers on its neck flickered with a blood-red light. When it passed by Luo Zheng, the eagle's eyes only glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently before shooting away!
"This eagle is very powerful," Mu Ning said as she stared at the little King Eagle.
Luo Zheng nodded. The adult King Eagles of the Eagle tribe posed a great threat to Luo Zheng. If a fight really broke out, Luo Zheng was not very afraid.
But facing this little King Eagle, Luo Zheng did not have absolute certainty of victory.
However, if this King Eagle wanted to hurt him, it would be very difficult, let alone take his life.
Thousands of King Eagles soared in the sky, and from time to time, the screams of children could be heard.
The five Eagle tribes contributed a total of seventeen children. At first, these children felt very surprised and amused riding the King Eagles.
But after a long time, they grew tired of the scenery and began to make a ruckus.
The Eagle tribe men present all had heavy expressions. This kind of life and death parting was repeated almost every once in a while.
In the middle of the break, Mu Ning saw one of the boys crying non-stop, desperately calling for his mother. She went forward and took out a small mirror. The small mirror in Mu Ning's hand could change into a variety of colors, immediately attracting the boy's attention.
When the King Eagles took off again, Mu Ning simply held the boy in her arms and rode with him on the same King Eagle.
Several hours later, after flying over the mountains and lakes, Luo Zheng saw the huge sea of insects again!
Those huge insects were still wriggling day and night …
"Ah! How can there be such huge insects here, "Mu Ning looked down with a face full of surprise.
After entering this world, she directly appeared in the territory of the Eagle tribe. She could be considered much luckier than Luo Zheng. Naturally, she had not seen these Sky Wheel Insects before.
Although Luo Zheng now understood a lot about this world, he was also very curious about the origin of these insects.
These huge insects, even in the Realm of the Gods, were ferocious creatures that could not be ignored.
As the saying goes, it is difficult to raise a flood dragon in shallow water, and it is difficult to hide a fierce tiger in plain sun. It is reasonable to say that in such a world, there were one or two of these huge insects at most. But in this sea of insects, there seemed to be thousands, or even tens of thousands of huge Sky Wheel Insects gathered together. It was naturally hard to understand.
After passing through the sea of insects, there was a canyon that was like a scar on the earth. After passing through the canyon, they returned to the vast desert.
The King Eagle's physical strength was limited. After flying continuously for four to six hours, they had to stop for a while.
The Eagle tribe members often went to the desert to herd eagles, so they were naturally very familiar with this route.
After walking and stopping for two days and two nights, the people on the back of the King Eagle finally saw a brown-yellow building in the barren desert.
It seemed that this was once a city. After experiencing endless years, the buildings had almost collapsed, leaving only the barren walls stubbornly standing, experiencing the baptism of sand and time.
In the central area of this city, there was a huge altar, and behind the altar was a majestic hall.
Under the command of the chiefs, the eagles swooped down one after another. All of them folded their wings and stopped below the altar.
Luo Zheng jumped down from the back of the King Eagle and looked up at the altar.
In the center of the altar, there was a huge black snake statue. This black snake's appearance was exactly the same as the small snake on the Imperial Jade Seal!
"It's that snake," Mu Ning said, following closely behind Luo Zheng.
"Sky Wheel King Snake," Luo Zheng nodded. This was what the King Eagle tribe members called this snake.
The Tribal Chiefs and the other Eagle tribe members jumped down from the King Eagle's back, and then they also carried the children down.
These children had been crying and crying for their mothers the entire way. Now that they were tired, all of them were sleeping soundly. Their childish little faces were filled with serenity. They did not know the fate that they were about to face!
Mu Ning looked at the innocent face of the sleeping boy in her arms, and a trace of pity appeared in her eyes. She whispered, "Is there no way to save these children?"
"Let's take one step at a time," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
He didn't know what kind of vicious creature this Sky Wheel King Snake was.
If this vicious creature in the Imperial Jade Seal was as powerful as the Shi Mi, not to mention him, even if those Perfection Stage Paragons came, it would be useless.
At this moment, the chirping of a bird could be heard in the sky.
A cloud floated over from the distant horizon. After careful observation, those clouds were formed by palm-sized multicolored birds. There were some people standing on those multicolored birds.
"The Black Bird Clan has arrived," the Tribal Chief said.

Chapter 1254
However, this Ji Nan had some kind of talent that allowed her to distinguish between the truth and lies.
The people present had never met each other before, so there was no need to be secretive.
Hearing Ji Nan say that Luo Tianxing was a fake name, everyone's gazes gathered on Luo Zheng again.
Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't explain. He believed that they wouldn't be too bothered by this issue …
Continuing to climb the stairs, the group arrived at the mountainside.
An ice-blue hall appeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
The hall in front of them seemed to be built with blue crystals, and its entire body flickered with an ice-blue luster.
When they got closer, they could feel a cool breeze coming from the hall.
"How difficult is the third Karma Hall?" Jin Hai turned to look at Ji Nan.
Ji Nan glanced at the hall several times, her expression grave. "Every Karma Hall is different. I can't say for sure, but there are a total of five Karma Halls from the foot of the mountain to the peak! The last time we entered, there were two prodigies in the team! No one died in the first Karma Hall. Three died in the second Karma Hall. Four died in the third Karma Hall. I also died in the fourth Karma Hall … "
"Two prodigies, but so many people died?" The Demon Race martial artist's eyes widened.
Among the ten people present, there wasn't a single prodigy …
Although they hadn't competed with each other before, the top three in terms of strength were undoubtedly Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, and Ji Nan.
In their hearts, although Luo Zheng and the others weren't weak, they probably couldn't be compared to prodigies. To be called a prodigy, one had to have all the advantages of time, place, and people. They were people who gathered the great fortune of the entire universe.
Not only did they bear the fate of the Great Era Battle, but they also carried the hopes of a race and a force.
Even a team with a prodigy couldn't pass this Karma Hall. The difficulty was more exaggerated than they had imagined.
Therefore, when Ji Nan said this, some of the eight people wanted to retreat.
Seeing their expressions, Ji Nan smiled. "Don't be nervous. Our results are better than the last time, aren't they? As long as everyone works together, we can pass this Karma Hall! "
Ji Nan emphasized the words "work together".
There was one point that Ji Nan didn't mention. The last time she entered the Karma Hall, the two geniuses didn't want to give in to each other. They were constantly fighting each other and even fought on the mountain.
Furthermore, when they saw the other cultivators in danger, those two prodigies just stood by and watched them die …
If it wasn't for this, it was extremely likely that the 10 of them would have passed through the fifth Karma Hall!
This was also the reason why Ji Nan emphasized cooperation from the very beginning. It was also because of this that their team performed better than the previous team. At the very least, they only lost two people in the second Karma Hall.
"Ji Nan is right. If we want to obtain more fantasy points, we must cooperate with each other. Otherwise, no one will be able to go far. If we cooperate well, perhaps we can all charge into the top 1000!" Luo Zheng smiled. "Everyone, let's go in!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng took the lead and stepped into the hall.
The interior of the hall maintained the same color as the exterior. Whether it was the floor, the ceiling, or the two walls, the pillars were all icy-blue. When one touched them, they felt a comfortable coolness.
"This Karma Hall is so beautiful." Ji Nan looked up and sighed.
Luo Zheng and the others didn't feel anything. Women were naturally more interested in beautiful things. Not only her, but the woman called Huan Ling from the Fiend Night Clan was also the same.
However, they didn't walk far in the Karma Hall before stopping.
It wasn't that they didn't want to move forward, but that they couldn't. In front of them was a deep ravine that was three thousand feet wide.
Strange colors were constantly flowing in this deep trench. They were streams of pure energy flowing in this trench.
Azure Demon stood at the edge and stretched his neck to look down. Then, he looked forward and said, "If we fall, I'm afraid we'll be directly sent back to the main city! How are we going to cross this? "
Normally, not to mention this deep ravine that was a thousand feet wide, even if it was a hundred thousand feet wide or a million feet wide, they could still fly over it. The problem was that flying was prohibited in the Karma Hall.
"We should be able to jump over it." Jin Hai looked into the distance and said.
"It's not a big problem." Luo Zheng nodded.
It wasn't too difficult to jump three thousand feet with a sprint …
However, this deep ravine in front of them couldn't just be a test of their jumping ability. If they rushed over recklessly, they would most likely die.
Just like in the second Karma Hall, they quickly passed through the end of the hall, only to find a white light barrier there, blocking their path.
"There seems to be something here." Ji Nan pointed to the left side of the hall.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction Ji Nan was pointing. There were ten icy-blue tablets erected in the corner of the hall!
Luo Zheng walked closer to take a look. Through the icy-blue tablets, he found hooks in them.
"Why are there so many hooks?" the Demon Race cultivator asked curiously.
Each of the ten tablets had a long hook sealed in it. At the end of each hook was a string of thin chains. They were curled together and their length was unknown …
Ten tablets?
Luo Zheng stared at them for a while. Then, he reached out and slapped one of the tablets.
In theory, there were Heavenly Dao rules in the Karma Hall. Nothing could break them.
However, when Luo Zheng smacked it, he discovered that the tablet was extremely brittle. The huge tablet directly turned into crystal clear powder and scattered, and the hook that was sealed within fell out with a sound.
"These hooks …"
After Luo Zheng picked up the hooks, he pulled hard on the chains behind them.
Even though the chain was only as thick as a pinky finger, Luo Zheng was unable to break it even when he tried to force it.
"Sure enough, they are also protected by Heavenly Dao rules. These hooks can't be broken," Luo Zheng said.
"Clang …"
"Clang …"
"Clang …"
When everyone saw Luo Zheng take out the hooks from the obelisk, they all followed suit. They broke the obelisk and took out hooks from it.
The answer was becoming clearer. These exquisitely shaped hooks were prepared for Luo Zheng and the others.
The team that was supposed to challenge the Karma Hall was supposed to have ten people. However, with two of them dead, the hooks in the remaining two steles were now ownerless.
Cang Mo also smashed a tablet and obtained a hook. However, he wasn't satisfied. He looked at the remaining two tablets. However, when he wanted to smash them, they didn't move at all. They couldn't be broken.
It seemed that each person could only obtain one hook.
After everyone obtained the hooks, they focused their attention on Ji Nan again.
Ji Nan looked at Luo Zheng innocently. "I don't know what to do next …"
Luo Zheng smiled and walked to the edge of the deep trench with the hooks. His gaze fell on the other side.
The other side of the deep trench was hidden in darkness. He couldn't see the situation on the other side. However, as a green luster appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes, the black shadows on the other side gradually dissipated. He saw some faint shadows in the darkness. Those shadows were swaying!
"There seems to be something on the other side," Luo Zheng said.
"What is it?" Ji Nan asked immediately. Before they figured out the rules, everyone was in an unknown state of the Karma Hall. They might be killed instantly if they were careless. Therefore, everyone looked nervous.
"I didn't see it clearly," Luo Zheng said. The green luster in his eyes intensified. However, this time, when Luo Zheng activated his Clear Eyes Spiritual Eyes, his expression suddenly changed. "Get out of the way!"
Just as he finished speaking, from the darkness on the other side of the deep trench, a hook shot towards him at high speed ….
After Luo Zheng's reminder, everyone quickly moved to the side. However, the hook was extremely fast. It covered the distance of three hundred feet in an instant. The hook was thrown from the opposite side and directly hung on the body of the human warrior named Li Chengyan!

Chapter 1255
The human martial artist called Li Chengyan was hooked and pulled into the darkness.
"Ah!"
There was a scream.
Everyone saw a ball of yellow light suddenly explode in the darkness on the other side …
Clearly, Li Chengyan had died. Half of his Fantasy points had exploded!
The instant those fantasy points appeared, they disappeared without a trace, as if they had entered the darkness!
"Where are the Fantasy points?"
"They were absorbed? They seem to have been absorbed! "
"That's impossible!" Ji Nan also revealed a surprised expression. "What item in this Karma Hall can absorb fantasy points?"
In the Illusion Battlefield, only warriors could absorb Fantasy points from each other.
If Luo Zheng killed Li Chengyan, then no matter how far away they were, these Fantasy points would fly toward Luo Zheng.
Just like the golden pills that Ji Luoxue had bestowed upon her subordinates to commit suicide, those golden pills had Ji Luoxue's consciousness. Therefore, when her subordinates committed suicide, the Illusion Battlefield determined that they were killed by Ji Luoxue.
When warriors were killed by ferocious beasts in mystic realms or wilderness, their Fantasy points would float on the spot and become ownerless Fantasy points. Anyone could absorb them, but those ferocious beasts could not absorb them.
But after Li Chengyan was hooked, his Fantasy points were absorbed?
There was only one possibility. There was a warrior on the other side of the Karma Hall!
It was also that cultivator who had lured Li Chengyan over, killed him, and absorbed his dreamy light spots at the same time.
But every time the Karma Hall opened, only ten people could enter at the same time. Why would there be other warriors on the other side?
But that didn't make any sense at all …
"Everyone, retreat. Be careful." Luo Zheng frowned. He clenched the hook in his hand tightly, his eyes overflowing with green. Even though he had activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to the maximum, he still could not see through the darkness. This darkness seemed to be constructed using the Law of Darkness. The darkness was like a curtain that protected the other party.
"It's the Law of Darkness. The other party came prepared," Jin Hai said coldly. He held the hook in one hand and the Buddha Sun Blade in the other.
Luo Zheng's eyes scanned the darkness and finally locked onto a blurry shadow.
These hooks were placed neatly on the side, and each person had one. Obviously, they were for Luo Zheng and the others to use directly.
Since the other party could lure the people on this side over, Luo Zheng could also lure the people on the other side over …
"Now!"
After aiming, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and the hook in his hand flew straight to the opposite side!
"Whoosh …"
Although the hook was flying at an extremely fast speed, the "living beings" on the other side seemed to be very experienced. They kept circling around the edge of the deep trench.
"Missed!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He reached out and pulled the hook back.
Just as Luo Zheng retracted his hook, he suddenly raised his eyebrows, "Watch out! Phantom … "
However, his warning was too late. As soon as his voice fell, another hook flew out of the darkness on the opposite side, wrapped around Phantom at an extremely fast speed, and pulled her over.
In fact, from the moment the hook was used on Li Chengyan, Luo Zheng had already discovered that the hook itself could not directly injure people, but once someone was hooked, it seemed to produce an irresistible force that would directly wrap around the martial artist and pull them over.
Seeing that the Phantom was hooked and was about to be pulled into the darkness, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The hook that he had just retracted was once again thrown toward the opposite shore!
"Whoosh …"
His hook wasn't aimed at the shadow in the darkness, but directly at the phantom!
As soon as Phantom's figure disappeared into the darkness, she felt a strong threat. She planned to fight back at the first moment, but a hook wrapped around her body again and pulled her back directly …
"That was close!"
Seeing that Phantom was fine, Ji Nan and the others next to her also breathed a sigh of relief.
"Damn it, those guys on the opposite side are hiding in the darkness. How can we break through! It's not fair at all! "The Demon Race warrior raised the hook in his hand and stared at the opposite side of the river.
Phantom was also caught by the other party because of a moment of carelessness. At this moment, she had escaped a disaster.
Phantom was pulled back by Luo Zheng. She nodded slightly at him, and then her delicate face showed anger.
"There are indeed other warriors on the opposite side!"
After saying that, she suddenly took out the Moon-Breaking Bursting Flame Bow, and then frantically extracted the True Essence in her body. A flame vortex appeared in front of her, and she was about to launch the fiercest counterattack!
"Whoosh …"
Just as the Phantom condensed the flame vortex, another hook flew towards the Phantom from the opposite side.
After being hooked once, Phantom naturally would not let this happen a second time. She grabbed the Moon-Breaking Bursting Flame Bow and snorted coldly. With a slight twist of her body, she moved slightly to the side, and at the same time, released the bowstring in her hand!
"Whoosh!"
The crazily tumbling flame vortex shot directly towards the opposite side!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others also stared at the opposite side of the river.
The explosion of the Phantom's flame might be able to win them a slight chance …
"Boom!"
The flame vortex burst into fierce flames, and at this moment, the opposite side of the river was clearly illuminated.
At this time, Luo Zheng and the others saw clearly that there were ten people standing neatly on the opposite side of the river. Each of them was holding a hook in their hands, and they were looking at each other with sneers on their faces.
Although the power of the arrow shot by Phantom was not small, it seemed that it could not be used in the Law of Darkness. Under the devouring of the Law of Darkness, the flame vortex began to shrink rapidly …
In the center of the opposite shore, a warrior standing at the forefront pointed at Luo Zheng with a contemptuous smile on his face. At the same time, he made a throat-cutting gesture with his hand. After he made this gesture, the flame vortex was completely devoured, and the ten warriors on the opposite shore were once again immersed in darkness.
"There are still ten people in this team. Their strength cannot be underestimated!" Ji Nan said with a cautious expression.
According to Ji Nan's speculation, the ten people on the opposite side should also be warriors who were exploring the Karma Hall. But unfortunately, the third Karma Hall had arranged two teams on opposite sides!
The ten people on the opposite side should have also explored the first two Karma Halls, but none of them had fallen. The strength of these guys absolutely could not be underestimated.
What was worse was that they had arranged the Law of Darkness in advance, hiding them in the darkness, which invisibly increased the difficulty of Luo Zheng's team.
"Who can use the Law of Darkness?" Ji Nan asked. The Law of Darkness was a relatively unpopular Law, and Ji Nan did not understand it.
Although Luo Zheng had been baptized by the Law of Darkness, he had never comprehended it.
Hearing Ji Nan's question, Jin Hai sneered, "No need for the Law of Darkness! Watch me! "
Jin Hai gently clapped his hands, and the sound of Sanskrit rang out, accompanied by a faint fragrance.
Specks of psychedelic colors began to emanate from his body, spreading out in all directions …
Inside the fog, Luo Zheng and the others couldn't sense anything out of the ordinary.
But to the other side, there were countless illusions appearing out of thin air, both real and fake, making it difficult to distinguish.
"Let's see how they'll hook us!" Jin Hai sneered.
Although this method could not completely hide the seven of them, it could bring considerable interference to the other side.
Now, it seemed that the third Karma Hall's test was a contest between two teams.
In this fog, they had to think about how to fight back.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1256
In the darkness on the other side …
Ten martial artists stood in a row, watching the opposite side.
In their eyes, the fog on the other side spread out, forming countless illusions. Humans, snakes, insects, ants, and everything else completely covered up the seven of them.
Whoosh …
In the darkness, someone threw out a long hook!
The long hook was like a dart, crossing a distance of three thousand feet and going straight into the fog!
But this hook escaped into the fog, and the figure on the hook was just an illusion. After the illusion dissipated, it returned without any success.
Someone in the darkness was throwing out hooks, and someone in the fog was also throwing out hooks.
After hooking one of the opponents over from the opposite side, they could attack together to achieve the effect of instant kill!
Just like Li Chengyan, after being hooked to the opposite side, he did not even have the strength to fight back. After bursting into a ball of illusory light, he was directly sent back to the main city.
But now, one side had the Law of Darkness, and the other side had the fog. Both sides were hidden.
These long hooks went back and forth in this three thousand feet deep trench, but they could not hook a single person.
"Interesting. The fog of the Rebirth Illusion is from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Territory!"
The leader of the ten people was also a martial artist of the Human Race. This person's figure was like a bamboo pole, and his body was very weak. But the sharpness in his eyes was strong, and his calm gaze seemed to contain two knives!
"The other side should have also passed the first two Karma Halls, but they have already lost two people. In addition to the guy we just killed … Hehe, his strength is only so-so!" Another martial artist sneered.
"With Big Brother Dugu alone, I'm afraid he can directly sweep the other side, right? The difficulty of this third Karma Hall is really low … "Someone in the darkness said.
To pass the third Karma Hall, one had to kill the martial artists on the other side.
Luo Zheng's entrance was the exit of these ten people, and the entrance of these ten people was the exit of Luo Zheng's group of seven!
The way to pass the third Karma Hall was to kill all the martial artists on the other side.
"Of course, Big Brother Dugu is a genius! Who can match him here? If we send Big Brother Ji Mo over, wouldn't he be able to crush those guys? "Another person said.
"However, the Rebirth Illusory Fog is being used by the other party. It's difficult to lure the other party over …" Someone said hesitantly.
"Heh, they can't break my 'Absolute Darkness Realm' either," another cultivator said in the darkness. It was clear that this Law of Darkness was set up by this person.
According to the rules of this Karma Hall, both sides' cultivators would each hold a long hook in their hands and confront each other from a distance. The side that was able to hook the other side's cultivators over and kill them one by one would be the victor.
Strictly speaking, the difficulty of the third Karma Hall they faced this time was much higher than before.
Because in this third Karma Hall, it was destined that only one team would be able to pass through. After the loser was killed, they would be directly sent back to the main city!
The reason for this situation was not because of a single person, but because the Illusory Battlefield was developing bit by bit. As the battle became more and more intense, the collisions would also become more and more intense! Experts would absorb more and more fantasy points, while experts of a lower level would find it hard to climb back up after failing once.
"What's the use if you can't break it? Are we afraid of them? Remove this broken thing of yours. It's so dark, I can't see anything! " A tall figure said in the darkness. This figure was about ten feet tall and was clearly a demon cultivator!
"Humph! Didn't I set up this Law of Darkness to protect everyone … "that person said, unconvinced.
"I don't need your protection. I'm standing here. Let's see who dares to hook me!" the demon cultivator shouted again.
"You …"
The two of them actually began to quarrel.
"Remove it." The martial artist who was as thin as a bamboo pole and was called Dugu said faintly, "Remove the Law of Darkness around Big Dream."
"Big Brother Dugu … are you really removing it?" that cultivator asked.
"Big Dream, if they discover you, they will probably hook you over as well … After you are hooked over, they can pull me over," Dugu said indifferently. "However, you have to be careful of their methods. The cultivators that can enter the Karma Hall are not weak!"
The demon cultivator 'Big Dream' laughed. "Humph, they're just a bunch of cowards. They're in a hurry to hide themselves in the fog and don't dare to fight openly. I can crush them when I go over. What is there to be afraid of?"
"Don't underestimate your opponent," Dugu said indifferently. "Go over first, then turn around and use your hook on me!"
Dugu's tone faintly contained an unquestionable aura.
Big Dream also had a transcendent status in the demon race. He was also an arrogant and unruly person. Not to mention the cultivators of other races, even the elders of the demon race would find it difficult to make him obey.
However, Dugu had saved Big Dream's life in the second Karma Hall. Or, it could be said that Dugu had relied on his own strength to break through a certain death situation in the second Karma Hall, bringing the other nine people through the second Karma Hall. Everyone felt great admiration for Dugu!
After hearing Dugu's words, he nodded and said respectfully, "I understand, Big Brother Dugu. As long as I go over, I will definitely pull you over first. The two of us will be able to clean up that motley crew! Hehe! "
"Okay, get ready," Dugu just responded indifferently.
After a while, the opposite shore, which was originally completely shrouded in darkness, underwent a strange change. A part of the darkness caved in!
A burly figure holding a Vajra Pestle gradually revealed itself. It was the demon race cultivator, Big Dream!
In the fog …
Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others all had their eyes fixed on the demon race cultivator.
Previously, they had used their hooks on each other, but they had gained nothing. The situation was a little anxious!
Luo Zheng, with his Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, could see some figures, but they were still very blurry. In addition, the other party was also very vigilant. He had used his hook three times, but still failed to lure the other party over.
But now, the other party had taken the initiative to withdraw part of the power of the Law of Darkness and pushed the demon race cultivator from behind the scenes to the front. What did this mean?
For a moment, several cultivators on Luo Zheng's side hesitated.
"The other party did it on purpose?" Jin Hai stared at the tall demon race cultivator and said.
"It should be. There must be some sort of trap." Ji Nan nodded.
Azure Demon looked at the demon race cultivator across from him, his mouth hanging open. After a moment of stunned silence he said, "That, that is Big Dream!"
"Big Dream?" Luo Zheng asked as he stared at Azure Demon.
Azure Demon nodded. He seemed to recognize the demon race cultivator across from him. "Empyrean Demondawn's only son, Big Dream! This fellow actually came! This, this … isn't this third Karma Hall too difficult? "
Jin Hai glanced at Cang Mo indifferently. "Is this guy very strong? Of the several proud sons of heaven of the demon race, there isn't such a person. "
In Jin Hai's opinion, as long as this person wasn't a proud son of heaven from a large family, it shouldn't be too difficult to deal with.
"This fellow isn't a proud son of heaven, because he doesn't have such a strong fate! But besides his fate, his strength and talent aren't any weaker than those proud sons of heaven! "Azure Demon continued to speak.
Whether it was a proud son of heaven or a Dao Child, they all had to have the destiny to compete in the great world. But, a martial artist that had the destiny to compete in the great world didn't necessarily have to be a proud son of heaven …
Azure Demon's meaning was simple. This person only lacked a single fate, but his strength still couldn't be underestimated!
Thus, after hearing Azure Demon's words, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others all had cautious expressions. And more importantly, this person had the confidence to stand there and wait for them to take action!
Luo Zheng grasped the hook in his hand and stared at the demon race martial artist across from him. His eyes moved from the demon race martial artist to the river of energy in the deep trench …
No matter how strong this person was, this hook contained the rules of the Heavenly Dao; it was impossible for him to break free. The moment this fellow was pulled over, he would be forced into a passive position. If Luo Zheng were to attack, this fellow might not be able to avoid it.
But, this person had such confidence in himself. He definitely had something else he could rely on.
As Luo Zheng was thinking this, that 'Big Dream' across from him roared out from the deep trench 3000 feet away.
"You bunch of cowards across from me, I am standing right here and you don't even dare to attack me?
"You might as well give up as soon as possible and disperse that fog. Then, come over here and beg me for mercy. If you do that, I'll let you die a quick and painless death!"

Chapter 1257
Da Meng, who was separated by a deep ditch, continued to provoke him verbally.
However, within the dense fog, everything was immersed.
After a while, a voice came.
"Idiot!"
Hearing this voice, Da Meng was slightly stunned, and anger appeared on his face. "You dare to scold me?"
"Idiot!"
Another voice came.
"You're the idiot!" Da Meng scolded angrily. He roared, and his voice echoed in the spacious hall.
"Liar! Didn't you say that you won't fight back when you're hit or scolded? I just scolded you twice, and you're already scolding me. Do you think I'll believe that you won't fight back? "The voice said.
"This …" Da Meng was slightly stunned, but he choked back his words. He was originally just provoking him, but Luo Zheng choked back his words. He was extremely angry, but he didn't know how to answer.
"Da Meng, ignore them. They won't be able to control themselves," Dugu's voice floated faintly from the darkness.
Da Meng nodded suddenly. "Humph, I'll see how long these guys can endure!"
"Pfft!" Ji Nan, who was in the fog, looked at Luo Zheng beside her and laughed. "I didn't expect you to be so good at quarreling!"
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and smiled slightly. At this moment, his left hand shot out like lightning, grabbed Ji Nan, and took a step back to the right. A hook crossed the deep ditch in the blink of an eye and went straight to Ji Nan's position.
But with Luo Zheng's tug, it allowed Ji Nan to avoid this calamity!
"That was close!" Ji Nan was also shocked and broke out in a cold sweat.
If she had been hooked, she would have been killed by the other ten people. If so, even if Luo Zheng and the others won and passed through this Karma Hall, the subsequent story would have nothing to do with her.
"Someone on the other side can see through my fog. I don't know if it's because of the sound or something else," Jin Hai said with a solemn expression when he saw this scene.
This Reincarnation Dreamland's fog didn't allow them to sit back and relax. Just like Luo Zheng's Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, which could also see through the Darkness Laws, some of the cultivators on the other side seemed to be able to see through the fog as well!
"I … can shoot him to death." Phantom, who had been silent all this time, slightly raised the Moon-Breaking Bursting Flame Bow in her hand.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "No need. I'll deal with this guy. But he must have other tricks up his sleeve. We'd better scatter!"
After passing the second Karma Hall, Luo Zheng had vaguely become the core of their group.
Since Luo Zheng said so, he must have the confidence to do so. No one had any more objections.
Soon after, Luo Zheng's figure flickered and moved to the center of the dense fog. His eyes were fixed on the Demon Race warrior. His left hand grabbed the chain at the end of the long hook, and his right hand suddenly threw it at the Demon Race warrior!
Because Jin Hai had cast this fog, both sides were in a stalemate. Now that the stalemate was about to be broken, everyone was naturally in a state of high tension!
"Xiu!"
The long hook drew a bright silver trajectory in the air and went straight to the Demon Race warrior!
At this moment, Luo Zheng clearly saw a sly smile on the Demon Race warrior's face.
However, Luo Zheng's face was extremely calm. No matter what kind of magical ability the Demon Race warrior had, he could kill him in an instant!
The speed of the long hook was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it had crossed a width of three thousand feet and caught the Demon Race warrior. With a gentle tug, the Demon Race warrior was pulled over by Luo Zheng!
The hook in the Karma Hall was, in principle, a special treasure of the Illusory Battlefield. It was similar to the Teleportation Token in Luo Zheng's hand. The Laws contained in it were almost irresistible.
This hook wouldn't cause any harm to the cultivator. At the same time, the cultivator couldn't break free from it. The moment he was hooked, the Demon Race warrior's burly body was almost weightless. He was directly pulled over by Luo Zheng.
"Hu …"
The moment the Demon Race martial artist was pulled over by Luo Zheng, he howled with laughter. At the same time, violent astral essence erupted from his body!
A body transformation cultivator's astral essence would normally erupt within their body. This was because astral essence couldn't be visualized like true essence; there was no need to draw out astral essence to control it …
But this Demon Race martial artist called Big Dream roared the moment he was pulled over. His astral essence turned into rhombus-shaped crystals that floated on the surface of his body.
Astral Crystal Saint Body!
This was the inheritance of Empyrean Demondawn's transcendent divine might!
Everyone knew that the risk of being hooked over by this Demon Race warrior was extremely high. Any martial artist that could obtain 5 million dream light dots and enter the Karma Hall was a ruthless character of the Illusory Battlefield. In their own main cities, these people were at the top of the food chain and had no natural enemies.
But, Big Dream had full confidence in his own Astral Crystal Saint Body!
After crystallizing his astral essence and forming his Astral Crystal Saint Body, let alone a Divine Sea realm martial artist, even a Divine Transformation realm martial artist would find it difficult to break through his defenses in a short period of time. He would have more than enough time to throw his hook behind him. As long as he could hook Big Brother Dugu over, these cowards would have reached the end of their road in the Karma Hall.
Just as he formed his Astral Crystal Saint Body, he threw out his hook behind him. As for the attacks of these martial artists, they would be withstood by his Astral Crystal Saint Body.
But at this time, Luo Zheng didn't attack. He only faintly smiled.
As Big Dream turned around, he also noticed Luo Zheng's smile. But, he didn't care.
But just as Luo Zheng smiled, another hook flew out from behind Luo Zheng, wrapping around Big Dream once more!
Huala …
The moment that the hook wrapped around Big Dream, his Astral Crystal Saint Body was destroyed by the Heavenly Dao rules contained within the hook. Not too far away, Jin Hai held onto the hook, his indifferent eyes looking at Big Dream as if he were looking at an idiot.
According to the rules of the Karma Hall, once a martial artist was wrapped around by a hook, they wouldn't be able to struggle free nor would they have the ability to fight back. Although the Astral Crystal Saint Body suddenly possessed an extremely strong defensive power, no matter how strong it was, it still couldn't compare to the rules of the Karma Hall!
Originally, Luo Zheng planned to directly push this person into the deep trench. Presumably, no one would be able to resist the multi-colored river of energy in this trench. Even if it was Luo Zheng, if he fell in, he would undoubtedly die.
But, this move wasn't safe at all!
He was extremely confident in his own strength. Amongst his peers, there were very few that could contend with him in terms of strength.
The Dreamland Battlefield was filled with geniuses. Since this Demon martial artist was so confident, Luo Zheng could only think of a safer method.
The Karma Laws of the Karma Hall were often filled with hidden killing intent. Even the slightest violation would result in death. For instance, the river of energy in this deep trench or the square boulder in the second Karma Hall. But, if one could use them, they would be incomparably fierce …
This hook contained an extremely potent Karma Law. Anyone caught in this hook would enter a special state. In this state, a martial artist would be weightless and unable to resist. They would also be unable to use true essence or astral essence. At the same time, they wouldn't be harmed!
Only when this hook was released could both sides fight!
So, just as Big Dream condensed his Astral Crystal Saint Body, Jin Hai, who was hiding not too far away, directly used the hook.
The rhombus-shaped astral crystal that Big Dream had used his astral essence to condense was naturally destroyed by the Heavenly Dao rules on the hook!
After Jin Hai hooked Big Dream to his side, his figure fluttered as he rapidly retreated to the side. He didn't directly confront Big Dream.
At this moment, Big Dream's face revealed a trace of panic! He had spent a great deal of astral essence to condense his Astral Crystal Saint Body, but it had been destroyed by a small hook? This was the strongest divine might that his father had ever comprehended in his life!
"Astral Crystal Body!"
Big Dream's thoughts raced. He didn't attack Jin Hai but condensed his Astral Crystal Saint Body once more. At the same time, he threw out the hook in his hand! The most important thing was to lure Big Brother Dugu over!
Whoosh …
But this time, Ji Nan, who was standing further away, used the hook.
Big Dream's Astral Crystal Body had just condensed when it was broken by Ji Nan's hook. At the same time, Ji Nan's tall and sturdy body was pulled towards her …

Chapter 1258
Big Dream was being dragged around by the hooks in their hands like a toy. He was so angry that he cried out.
"You guys seem to have entered the Karma Hall first and have the upper hand. But you guys don't seem to have used your brains …"
"In the Karma Hall, you don't rely on brute force. Divine Sea Realm warriors, even if you are a prodigy and have a supreme divine artifact in your hand, the Karma Law contained in the supreme divine artifact is not stronger than the Heavenly Dao …"
"Using the Heavenly Dao reasonably is the right way. I don't know what the original name of the Karma Law contained in the hooks is, but I'll call it 'disarm.' Once you are hooked, you have no ability to resist, even if you are a prodigy! Because you have been disarmed! "
Luo Zheng looked at Big Dream who was being dragged around and said indifferently.
Although his voice wasn't loud, everyone in the Karma Hall could hear it clearly as it spread out.
When the nine people in the darkness heard this, their eyes flashed with a sharp light!
The ten of them entered the Karma Hall before Luo Zheng's group and set up the Dark Dao in advance. They had indeed seized the upper hand.
But they did not study the hooks in their hands too much.
It was not that they did not think of it, but that they were too conceited.
Among the ten people on their side, there was one prodigy, two descendants of Heavenly Venerables, and two descendants of Great Realm Lords. Apart from that prodigy, the four of them all had the fate of Battle of the Worlds!
How could such a team put Luo Zheng's group in their eyes?
That was why Big Dream had proposed. Let the other side hook him first, then let Big Dream bring Dugu over. Then, it would be a naked slaughter. It was that simple and crude.
This was because they were confident in their own strength that they dared to execute such a plan …
Although they could not see what was happening in the fog, they could roughly imagine Big Dream's current situation.
"This fellow who spoke is interesting. Very interesting." 'Dugu' held the hook in his hand and sized it up. He had never thought about how powerful the karmic law contained in the hook was. He only knew that the hook was protected by the Heavenly Dao laws and could not be destroyed. Furthermore, as long as it hooked someone, it would definitely hook them over.
"What do we do now? Big Dream hasn't fallen yet. Should we save him? "another martial artist asked.
Dugu spread out his arms that were like sticks and said helplessly, "How do we save him? Unless he can lure me over, I will naturally be able to kill those guys. "
The other martial artists also fell silent. Big Dream's cries were very ear-piercing, as if he was mocking them for their childishness. No matter who it was, they would not be happy after being played, let alone being played so easily. Moreover, they were a group of proud and arrogant geniuses!
"Whoosh …"
The most unhappy one was naturally Big Dream, who was being hooked here and there.
Cang Mo had a smug smile on his face. Although they were both demons, he did not pity his own kind.
All of Azure Demon's Fantasy Points were obtained from his fellow clansmen. In this trip to the Illusory Battlefield, he had probably killed thousands of his fellow clansmen.
He only knew that the guy in front of him was not on his side!
"It's mine now!" Cang Mo threw the hook in his hand again, pulling Big Dream towards him!
Just as he pulled Big Dream in front of him, another long hook flew over. It was Luo Zheng's hook again …
However, after Luo Zheng pulled Big Dream in front of him, no other hook followed!
Big Dream was slightly stunned. With a roar, his palms, which were the size of palm-leaf fans, attacked from left and right. His own strength was also not bad. Previously, he wanted to rely on his own strength to kill the seven of them.
Now, Big Dream did not care about throwing the long hook to hook Dugu over. He only wanted to smash the head of this human youth in front of him into a pile of mud!
"Whoosh whoosh!"
The two palms slammed over, bringing along a violent palm wind. Just this palm wind contained the power to destroy houses and temples. One could imagine the power behind it.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent. He just looked at Big Dream and said indifferently, "It's over."
At the same time, Jin Hai's short figure had leaped high. The Supreme Artifact, Buddha's Blade, in his hand, had quietly swept across Big Dream's neck …
"Buddha said that the life and death of all things in the world is a cycle. You'd better be reincarnated …" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile. After he finished speaking, he gently patted Big Dream's chest. A powerful force entered Big Dream's body, crazily destroying his internal organs.
Reincarnated would not happen. If he was killed in the Karma Hall, Big Dream would naturally be kicked out of the Karma Hall. He would return to the main city and slowly wait for resurrection.
A thin line of blood slowly appeared on Big Dream's neck. Then, the line of blood became wider and wider. Gradually, brown blood escaped from it.
"Plop …"
This huge body fell head first in front of Luo Zheng.
As the body gradually dissipated, countless dreamy light spots escaped from it and shot toward Luo Zheng!
"Buddha … doesn't say that." Jin Hai's face revealed a depressed expression. He had cultivated in a large temple and naturally knew that Luo Zheng was spouting nonsense. At the same time, he said, "Why do all these Fantasy Points belong to you?!"
Whoever killed the other party would be able to absorb half of the Fantasy Points in their body.
The most fatal attack just now was obviously executed by Jin Hai. Luo Zheng had only used one palm.
The Fantasy Points belonged to the rules of the Fantasy Battlefield. Luo Zheng did not know why all the Fantasy Points in Big Dream's body were absorbed by him.
This person still had more than two million Fantasy Points in his body. Naturally, Jin Hai would be depressed.
"Don't worry. The other party … still has nine people!" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
This third Karma Hall was a collision between two groups of people. The difficulty was greatly increased, but the rewards were also very generous.
After all, the martial artists that could enter the Karma Hall were all wealthy individuals. If they could take out 5 million Fantasy Light Points, they would have at least 7 million Fantasy Light Points in their bodies. Killing them would give at least 1 million Fantasy Light Points.
"This guy shouldn't be the strongest on the other side," Ji Nan said as she stared at Big Dream's dissipating body.
"En," Luo Zheng nodded slightly and looked at the dark space on the other side. "In addition to this Demon Race cultivator, the guy who used the Law of Darkness is quite strong. In addition, there should be another powerful character hiding. Otherwise, this Demon Race cultivator would not be so bold."
"When he was first hooked over, he wanted to pull the other person over," the taciturn Phantom said. "Then, this person should have the confidence to kill all of us!"
"A person with such confidence should at least be a heaven's pride," Ji Nan added.
When this conclusion was inferred, the faces of the other cultivators sank slightly.
In the universe, there were probably only a hundred or so people who could be called heaven's pride. On average, there were only three heaven's pride cultivators in each of the fifty great worlds in the Fantasy Battlefield. Of course, this was just an average. Some great worlds might have more heaven's pride cultivators, while some great worlds might not even have a single heaven's pride cultivator.
When Ji Nan first entered the Karma Hall, she had been accompanied by two heaven's pride cultivators. Now, she had encountered a third heaven's pride cultivator. However, this heaven's pride cultivator was their opponent!
"How should we deal with that heaven's pride cultivator?" Jin Hai asked in a deep voice. As strong as he was, he did not have the strength to fight against a heaven's pride cultivator.
Feeling the subtle change in the atmosphere, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Even if it's a heaven's pride cultivator, we can still kill him. However, that heaven's pride cultivator now understands the rules of this long hook. I'm afraid he won't be so stupid as to be hooked over by us. How about we let them hook me over?"
"This …" Jin Hai was slightly stunned.
Everyone had figured out the abnormal power of this long hook. The 'Disarm' could break almost any power or martial skill. Those who could break free from the rules of the Heavenly Dao were probably only Celestial Venerables. Even if a Sector Lord powerhouse was hooked by this hook, they would also be bound and unable to resist.
Luo Zheng also understood this principle, so why did he still make such a suggestion?
Seeing Jin Hai's stunned expression, Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. "I'm just joking. I'm not that stupid."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1259
Similarly, Luo Zheng was unable to resist the Laws contained within the hook.
For example, that square boulder was originally an ordinary stone, but after attaching the Laws of the Heavenly Dao to it, even if Luo Zheng erupted with all his strength, he couldn't move the boulder in the slightest.
In this universe, only an Empyrean could break through the Laws of the Heavenly Dao to a certain extent. At this stage, Luo Zheng was far from enough.
But after Luo Zheng finished speaking, his gaze fell on Phantom.
This taciturn Fiend Night Clan woman held a longbow in one hand and a long hook in the other, vigilantly watching the opposite shore.
Moon Splitter Bursting Flame Bow …
When Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the Moon Splitter Bursting Flame Bow, his eyes flashed and a plan formed in his mind. He then said, "Perhaps, I can also be a fool for once …"
When Jin Hai and Ji Nan heard Luo Zheng's words, a trace of doubt appeared on their faces.
As for the carefree Azure Demon, he was even more puzzled. "Do you really plan on being hooked?"
This Big Dream had already learned from his mistakes.
If Luo Zheng was hooked, his final fate might be the same as Big Dream's. Using the long hook in his hand to toy with him and then easily kill him.
"Perhaps." Luo Zheng shrugged and transmitted his words with a true essence sound transmission. Although the two sides were separated by a distance of 3000 feet, a martial artist's sense of hearing was exceptionally developed. The other side might be able to hear his words.
Time quietly flowed by during this confrontation.
In the hearts of the martial artists in the Karma Hall, they were all somewhat anxious.
Almost all the martial artists that entered the Dream Hall could rush into the top 300 of this great world.
But as the competition in the Dream Battlefield became more and more intense, the martial artists at the top of the rankings gained Dream Points faster and faster. This was like rowing a boat against the current. If you didn't advance, you would fall behind.
Now, in this confrontation, the other martial artists outside the Karma Hall were crazily plundering Dream Points. Naturally, their rankings were constantly falling!
Every time they checked their rankings, they would discover that they had fallen one or two places …
"Big Brother Dugu, are we just going to keep waiting like this?" someone asked.
Dugu sat in place, his gaze falling on the constantly roiling fog. He faintly smiled and said, "Why can't we wait?"
"But …"
"The other party should be more anxious than us." Dugu said faintly. "They should be unable to keep their cool."
Actually, at this moment, Dugu didn't have much confidence.
It wasn't that he didn't have confidence in his own strength. If this third Karma Hall only allowed the two sides to kill each other, then this problem would be easily solved.
With him alone, it would not be difficult to clean up the seven cultivators on the opposite side.
But just as the person opposite him had said, strength wasn't the key to victory in the Karma Hall. Instead, it depended on who could grasp the rules within.
Big Dream's strength couldn't be said to be weak. Amongst this group of 10, Big Dream's strength was probably only inferior to him. It was because of this that he felt at ease allowing Big Dream to be hooked over, and he believed that Big Dream would have sufficient time to pull him over as well …
But the final result was unexpected.
Big Dream was almost toyed with and killed by the other party. It didn't even have the ability to resist.
It was also because of this that Dugu became vigilant.
"Whoosh …"
A long hook suddenly shot out, but in the end, it still returned without any success.
Both sides were carrying out this kind of meaningless probing, but in a situation where they couldn't lock onto each other, it was like fishing in a dark river. There was no way to hook.
In addition to using long hooks to probe, both sides also used some other attacks, such as flying daggers and bows, but in the end, it didn't cause much trouble for the other party.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's figure left the fog and appeared in front of everyone.
The moment Luo Zheng suddenly appeared, the expressions of the nine people led by Dugu suddenly became complicated …
"This guy appeared from the fog. Is he trying to imitate Big Dream? Is he taking the initiative to be hooked by us? "
"Isn't this guy looking for death? He may not have Big Dream's strength!"
"So what if he has Big Dream's strength? Isn't it easy to play with this guy if we hook him over? "
"Let me do it!"
Someone in the darkness was eager to try, wanting to throw his long hook at Luo Zheng.
Dugu saw this scene, but said faintly, "Wait a minute."
Looking at Luo Zheng, Dugu frowned slightly. The other party had already killed Big Dream. Obviously, he knew the pattern of the hooks in everyone's hands very well.
After being hooked, all of the body's state would be directly cleared by the long hook, and they couldn't fight back …
Under such circumstances, this person actually dared to leave the fog of the Rebirth Illusion. This person was either a fool or had other plans.
Thinking of this.
Dugu's voice faintly floated out from the darkness.
"You're the person who spoke just now. Big Dream, was it you who killed him?" Dugu asked. His tone contained an indelible arrogance, giving people a feeling of condescension at all times.
Luo Zheng looked at the darkness on the other side and swept a glance in the direction of the voice. Under the operation of his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, he saw a vague figure sitting quietly.
"It's me. What about it?" Luo Zheng responded.
"You're willing to reveal your position. Aren't you afraid of death?" Dugu asked again.
"I won't die. Why should I be afraid?" Luo Zheng retorted.
Dugu looked at Luo Zheng faintly, and a hint of hesitation appeared on his face. Since the other party was willing to show up, he must have made a complete plan. He frowned slightly, trying to guess the other party's thoughts.
The third Karma Hall in front of them was like a game of wits and courage. It depended on who had a deeper understanding of the rules of the game to be able to take the initiative. Dugu had always been conceited, and he was faintly uneasy when facing Luo Zheng.
"Not taking the bait …"
Although Luo Zheng had a smile on his face, he was slightly depressed in his heart.
If the other party was unwilling to take the bait, he didn't have a good way.
"Since you're not taking the bait, then let me!"
"Whoosh!"
Although he could only catch a faintly discernible shadow in the darkness, when the long hook flew out, it went straight for the person sitting upright in the darkness.
The long hook was like a shuttle, arriving in an instant!
Although the speed of the long hook was pushed to the extreme by Luo Zheng, the other party's reaction speed wasn't slow at all. His body moved slightly two feet and easily avoided Luo Zheng's hook. Out of confidence, he only moved two feet.
However, Luo Zheng didn't intend to take the bait. His move was just a provocation! His method was exactly the same as Da Meng's. However, Da Meng mocked him verbally, while Luo Zheng directly attacked.
Although the hook didn't hit, Luo Zheng didn't stop. He had firmly locked onto the thin blurry figure, and the long hook in his hand was thrown out again!
"Whoosh …"
The long hook flew out, and the figure could only move a few feet again to avoid the long hook.
Once …
Twice …
Thrice …
He threw the hook again and again, and returned without success.
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, and he seemed very patient.
However, in the darkness, Dugu's originally indifferent face finally revealed a trace of anger.
"Whoosh …"
After dodging Luo Zheng's hook, the long hook in his hand also flew out, going straight for Luo Zheng.
"It's coming!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. He was waiting for this moment.
The long hook was going straight for Luo Zheng, and was about to wrap Luo Zheng in it. However, when the long hook flew close to Luo Zheng, it suddenly stopped!
It was Dugu who grabbed the chain at the end of the hook, forcibly pulling the hook back in midair.
Looking in the direction where the long hook retreated, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of a sly smile. "Why did you pull it back?"
No one spoke in the darkness on the other side, but then a fierce aura came from the darkness. It came from Dugu.
"Brother Dugu … why didn't you do it?" a warrior asked.
"If you hook this guy over, he will die. Why did you hesitate …" Some people couldn't understand at all.
Dugu slowly got up, and looked at Luo Zheng from head to toe. The moment he threw the hook, he had an extremely bad premonition, so he pulled the long hook back at the last moment.
However, at this moment, the people around him couldn't bear it anymore. One of them suddenly threw the long hook at Luo Zheng, and it rolled towards Luo Zheng. Even if Dugu wanted to stop it, it was too late …

Chapter 1260
Luo Zheng's provocation was effective.
In the darkness, a long hook shot toward Luo Zheng and instantly wrapped around Luo Zheng.
The moment he was wrapped up, Luo Zheng was bound by a strange rule. This rule could not be resisted. His whole body was directly imprisoned, like a weightless duckweed, and he was pulled into the opposite darkness!
"Now!"
The moment Luo Zheng was hooked again, Phantom had already released the bowstring!
In front of her Moon-Splitting Bursting Flame Bow, rolling and rotating flames were suspended, and sharp arrow lights were faintly revealed in the flames!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!"
The target of these three flames was none other than Luo Zheng!
In fact, Phantom was also very hesitant at this moment.
The Moon-Splitting Bursting Flame Bow could be called a Supreme Artifact, so it naturally had its strong points. Although she could not fully release the power of these flame arrows, when fully activated, the power that erupted was simply unstoppable for ordinary warriors. Even a Heavenly Talent would have to retreat.
However, Luo Zheng insisted on doing so, and he vowed that there was absolutely no problem.
In this way, Phantom had no choice but to do as he said.
"Humph!"
Since someone on his side had pulled Luo Zheng over, Dugu snorted coldly. His thin figure suddenly flashed and quickly approached Luo Zheng.
Dugu had not thought of a way to break it, but it did not mean that he was afraid of Luo Zheng.
"No matter what scheme you have, since you are already here, you will die here." After saying that, Dugu waved his rod-like arm, and a long sword appeared in his hand.
Dugu was not his full name.
His full name was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
The only Heavenly Talent among independent warriors.
A Heavenly Talent was the hope of a large clan.
In a large clan, there were often only a few Heavenly Talents.
The existence of a Heavenly Talent often required the strength of the entire clan. For example, when Ji Luoxue participated in the battle on the Illusory Battlefield, even the ancestor of the Ji family personally came out to watch.
However, in the universe, there were always some exceptions.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was such an exception.
It only took him 31 years to reach the Spirit Sea Realm.
In a world full of geniuses, especially in the context of the battle of the general trend, this speed was not particularly arrogant.
After all, after the opening of this new era, all the core geniuses reached the Spirit Sea Realm quickly.
In the past, being able to open the Divine Sea before 50 years of age was already extremely rare. But now, this wasn't anything at all. There were many core geniuses that had already opened the Divine Sea at 21 or 22 years of age …
What was truly amazing about Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was that she had relied entirely on her own strength. From a nameless independent martial artist, she had managed to defeat a proud son of heaven from the Ten Thousand Buddha Holy Region's Calamity Temple!
It was because of that battle that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao became famous in a single battle.
At that time, Deities Without Thought had never thought that such an independent martial artist would appear out of nowhere!
The Four Great Clans immediately extended an olive branch to the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The title of Chosen One was just a title, but Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had defeated his opponent, which meant that he had the strength to fight against a Chosen One, so he was a Chosen One.
No one wanted to let go of such a top genius.
However, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao refused very bluntly.
Although he knew how powerful the Four Great Clans were, and he also knew that he would gain unimaginable benefits if he could receive personal guidance from a Celestial Lord, he still chose to refuse.
The reason was simple. His sword had helped him refuse.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was able to achieve so much because of his sword.
At that time, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was just an ordinary martial artist with a Connate cultivation. In the Upper Realm, he was just a speck of dust.
Once, after a fight, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was beaten half to death and thrown into a mass grave. He lay there for seven days and seven nights, dying. When he woke up, he found such a sword beside a skeleton.
This dark iron sword looked very ordinary and was not a divine weapon. Even if it was abandoned in the mass grave, no one would pick it up.
However, the moment he touched this sword, he was enveloped by a powerful consciousness …
It was a sword with self-consciousness, which was the slender dark iron sword in Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's hand.
The supreme martial arts he cultivated and the rare secret realms he explored were all bestowed by this dark iron sword. This iron sword was not only his strongest weapon, but also his master, his benefactor who had given him a new lease on life.
After obtaining this sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had risen to prominence. As an independent martial artist, she had collected the supreme treasures of many great worlds. As an independent martial artist, she had participated in the Four Clans Grand Tournament. From an unknown junior, she had slaughtered her way into the domain where the prodigies fought for. She had even defeated the prodigy of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region's Disaster Temple who had come from afar.
From then on, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's fame soared!
Now, in Gods No Thoughts, he was even neck and neck with Lie Qianhan, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and Ji Luoxue.
Some people thought that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao could be called a miracle among the Chosen Ones.
"Before absolute strength, all schemes are useless." At that moment, the consciousness of the sword in Dugu Jianxiaoxiao's hand was communicating with Dugu Jianxiaoxiao in this manner.
"I understand. Previously … I hesitated." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face was expressionless. At this moment, he held the sword in his hand and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
That sword had accompanied Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao for many years. He had a vague idea of its origin.
This sword was not a product of this universe. It came from a higher level of existence, which was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Way.
This sword told him that that place was called the Divine Realm.
In the beginning, the sword had followed him, and they had only been using each other. However, after the sword and man had accompanied each other for many years, their relationship had gradually deepened. He also knew some of the secrets of the sword, and the sword had helped him become a Dao Disciple, allowing him to surpass the Heavenly Dao …
When the Illusory Battlefield opened, this sword told Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao that the competition in the Illusory Battlefield would be very crucial.
Up until now, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had not encountered any resistance in the Illusory Battlefield. There were not many people among the younger generation in the universe who could be his match.
In his opinion, this guy in front of him seemed to be a little clever, but it was not enough to compete with him.
However …
The moment Luo Zheng was hooked into the darkness and regained his freedom.
Behind him, three extremely powerful balls of flame exploded!
The martial artist who originally hooked Luo Zheng was also impulsive. Impulsiveness did not mean that he was not confident. The moment he hooked Luo Zheng, he had already attacked. The short spear in his hand went straight for Luo Zheng's head. This spear thrust out, the tip of the spear spiraling. As long as it hit this guy, it would definitely crush his head!
But this martial artist never expected that just as he thrust out his spear, three flaming arrows would follow behind Luo Zheng!
"I …"
The martial artist cursed in his heart. At this moment, he no longer cared about assassinating Luo Zheng. His figure flashed, and he was about to escape.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His hands shot out like lightning and grabbed the martial artist! His hands were like iron hoops, firmly clamping on the martial artist's body. How could the martial artist break free?
"Die!"
At the same time, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's dark iron sword also pierced through the darkness and went straight for Luo Zheng.
He did not need to think too much.
This dark iron sword could almost settle everything! It was his greatest reliance, and also a part of his body.
When he defeated that genius from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, he did not rely on his own strength, but on this iron sword in his hand.
But this was enough, because this dark iron sword was his most precious treasure, and in a sense, he also belonged to this dark iron sword …
However, before his sword could pierce through, the three balls of flames suddenly exploded.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The three balls of flames burst open in an instant. Even the Dharma of Darkness could not restrain the light emitted by these flames. These flames even seemed to want to devour the Dharma of Darkness.
The martial artist who used the Dharma of Darkness stood in another place with a gloomy face. He was trying his best to maintain the Dharma of Darkness that he had set up.
"Ah ah ah ah …"
The other martial artists had already fled the moment the three balls of flames burst open, but the martial artist who was caught by Luo Zheng was directly burned into charcoal in the flames.
This Moon Splitting Bursting Flame Bow was a supreme artifact after all. It contained the Karma Law exclusive to the fire element. How could a Divine Sea Realm martial artist block it?
Seeing the raging flames burst out, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's pupils shrank slightly, and she felt the urge to retreat …
Perhaps it was because of this sword that she could achieve what she had today. Strictly speaking, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's heart of martial arts was not strong, but this was not important, because that sword was already a part of Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. It could represent Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
"Kid, don't be afraid. It's just the sixth level of the Bursting Flame Profound of the Dharma of Fire. I can still help you block it!"
At this moment, the dark iron sword sent a thought to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
At the same time, a golden light was suddenly released from the dark iron sword. The golden light spread from the sword's hilt. In the blink of an eye, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's arm was dyed golden. At the same time, the golden light spread to his arm, chest, and neck …
Then, he turned into a dazzling golden person.
Under the impact of the Bursting Flame Profound, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was not harmed in the slightest!
"But then again, that kid used such a method. Is he not afraid of the Bursting Flame Profound?"
The dark iron sword was also very puzzled. It could not figure this out.
After Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and the sword in her hand rushed into the Bursting Flame Profound, the dark iron sword finally saw the scene in front of it clearly. Like Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Luo Zheng was also plated with a layer of gold. The difference was that the dense golden vortexes on Luo Zheng's body seemed to be madly absorbing the flames that erupted from the Bursting Flame Profound.
"This, this is!"
When the dark iron sword noticed the changes in Luo Zheng's body, it sent a thought to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao in surprise.
"What's this?"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao asked doubtfully.
Ever since he established a connection with the dark iron sword, everything in the universe was child's play in the eyes of the dark iron sword. It didn't even put those Celestial Venerables in its eyes. It was as if there was nothing in the universe that was worthy of its shock.
But at this moment, when the dark iron sword noticed the changes in Luo Zheng's body, it revealed a strong feeling of surprise.
"It's okay. Kill this person first." The dark iron sword sent a thought to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao again.
"Understood." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was now very close to Luo Zheng. In fact, the dark iron sword had taught Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao the most, because this sword was simply an indestructible existence. As long as Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao could get close to the opponent, he could rest easy and leave the matter of attacking to the sword!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao even suspected that as long as he could get close to a Celestial Venerable, this sword could even kill a Celestial Venerable with one strike.
"Whoosh!"
The dark iron sword drew an arc in the air.
This dark iron sword did not erupt with any power. Only Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao knew how terrifying this sword was …
This guy in front of him was already a dead man.

Chapter 1261
Before Luo Zheng was dragged over, he had already thought of a way out.
He thought that the Phantom had prepared a powerful attack as his cover. Although the Broken Moon Bursting Flame Bow of the Phantom was extremely powerful, Luo Zheng's body was originally immune to fire injuries.
With the two of them working together, as long as the opponent dared to hook him over, he was confident that he could kill him!
Of course, the person who would really kill the opponent wasn't Luo Zheng. Therefore, the fantasy points that shot out from the body of the martial artist who had been burned into charcoal just now flew directly into the Phantom's body.
However, to his surprise, the opponent's prodigy was also able to withstand the damage of the Broken Moon Bursting Flame Bow. He even rushed towards him while facing the flames and wanted to kill him!
The moment this person rushed towards him with the long sword in his hand, Luo Zheng had already noticed the uniqueness of the iron sword.
Although the appearance of this iron sword looked shabby and ordinary, belonging to the category of unranked ordinary weapons, at that moment, it gave Luo Zheng great pressure!
If he was cut by this sword, he was afraid that he would die without a doubt!
However, just as this thought emerged, a long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng and quickly pulled him back.
"Hook him back!" The dark iron sword's order was almost unquestionable.
"Whoosh!"
In an instant, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao threw the long hook in his hand at Luo Zheng!
He also couldn't allow Luo Zheng to kill someone in front of him and then slip away openly!
Therefore, the long hook in his hand flew towards Luo Zheng like a bolt of lightning.
The moment his long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng, it made a "ding" sound. Ji Nan's long hook was originally wrapped around Luo Zheng's body, and now Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's long hook was added to it.
Under the collision of two completely identical rules, the long hook that wrapped around Luo Zheng was directly knocked away, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's long hook also failed to wrap around Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng, who was no longer bound by the long hook, was unable to fly in the air. At the same time, there was no place for him to borrow strength from. His whole body fell into the deep trench!
In this deep trench, colorful energy rivers slowly flowed.
According to the rules of the Karma Hall, these seemingly gentle energies were absolutely fatal existences. If one were to fall into them, they would undoubtedly die. There was no exception.
This was something that Luo Zheng had never thought of!
However, there was no panic on Luo Zheng's face. After all, there was no real death in the Dream Battlefield. His expression was extremely calm. Before he fell, he threw the hook in his hand at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
The intertwining of the hooks happened in an instant.
Luo Zheng had just started to descend, and the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was still in the process of retrieving her long hook. However, Luo Zheng's long hook was a step ahead of her and shot towards him!
The first to react was the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword …
However, no matter how fast the sword's reaction was, it was not the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Realizing that Luo Zheng wanted to drag the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao down with him, the dark iron sword quickly transmitted its consciousness to him.
However, it was still a step too late.
In other words, the sword did not make the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao react. He only released a strong sense of danger to the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
However, although the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao felt this sense of danger, by the time she realized that the danger came from Luo Zheng's long hook, the long hook had already wrapped around the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and pulled her fiercely towards Luo Zheng!
Therefore, at this moment, the two of them left the center of the deep trench and fell towards the energy river at the bottom of the trench!
"This guy is unforgivable!"
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword roared angrily.
After the two of them fell, they would probably die and be sent back to the main city.
However …
However, the expected scene did not happen.
At the critical moment, Jin Hai, who was behind them, once again threw a long hook at Luo Zheng. This time, he wanted to pull Luo Zheng back from the deep trench.
The timing of his attack was just right. After the long hook in his hand wrapped around the falling Luo Zheng, he dragged him toward the fog at an extremely fast speed.
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also faced the same problem. As he fell, a warrior behind him also threw a long hook, which wrapped around his body and dragged him back.
There was no clear winner or loser in this exchange of blows. Strictly speaking, the two of them did not even exchange blows.
While the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was rescued by his companions, he was unwilling to give up and threw his long hook at Luo Zheng again!
"Ding!"
The long hook in his hand shook off Jin Hai's long hook. Luo Zheng, who had just been pulled up, began to fall again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng could be considered to have thrown caution to the wind. Even if he really died in this Karma Hall, he would drag someone down with him. In less than a blink of an eye, the long hook in Luo Zheng's hand also swept towards the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Accompanied by a crisp "ding" sound, the long hook on Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body was also shaken off.
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also began to sink, but he twisted his body in the air and turned around. Suddenly, a sword light burst out from the dark iron sword and went straight for Luo Zheng. The sword light was very smooth and was displayed by the dark iron sword itself! Although it could not display its full strength because it had extracted the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's True Essence, the Concept contained in the sword light was extremely profound, and its power was naturally extremely sharp.
Luo Zheng's figure moved slightly to the side and unsheathed his long sword. Lightning and wind blades burst out from the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. At the same time, dozens of ghost shadows also rushed towards the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The two of them were in a very critical situation, but they seemed to have chosen to ignore it. As they fell rapidly, they used their own methods.
"This sword light …" Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly widened. He could not avoid it. If the sword light cut him, he would undoubtedly die.
But at this moment, another long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng and stopped his falling momentum. Because of the pull of the long hook and Luo Zheng's body twisting, he was able to forcibly avoid the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's powerful slash.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's situation was similar to Luo Zheng's. Another long hook shot out from the darkness and dragged the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to the other side.
But just when the two of them had a chance to return to their respective camps, the two of them were still competing with each other. After all, if they fell into the river of energy, they would most likely die.
The two of them shot out their long hooks again …
The two of them kept falling and were pulled up by the people behind them. At the same time, the two of them threw their long hooks at each other and continued to fall into the river of energy.
This thrilling scene lasted for seven rounds. They fell seven times and were pulled up seven times. Both of them destroyed the other's long hooks several times …
Neither of them dared to breathe a sigh of relief, but the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was secretly shocked. This guy looked ordinary, but he actually had such strength! Previously, he had underestimated Luo Zheng.
One must know that the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was well aware of the strength of this sword. Even so, he was unable to gain any advantage over Luo Zheng. He was anxious.
But at this moment, another flame exploded above the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's head!
"Boom …"
An intense explosion of flames erupted, forming a wall of flames that blocked the Law of Darkness. The cultivators shrouded in the Law of Darkness were unable to find the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao through the layer of flames.
The two long hooks that were originally intended to rescue the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not manage to hook onto the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Instead, they swept past him and went straight for Luo Zheng!
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who had lost the support of the long hooks, fell directly into the river of energy in the deep trench. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was accidentally pulled into the Law of Darkness on the other side by the long hooks.
Luo Zheng had just steadied himself when he saw the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao coldly staring at him from the corner of his eyes. His eyes were full of murderous intent and unwillingness as he fell into the colorful river of energy.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1262
The energy surging like a river began to corrode Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao didn't even care about the Heavenly Dao's rules in the Karma Hall.
The dark metal sword in his hand had the power to override the Heavenly Dao.
Before entering the Illusory Space, the sword had told Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao that the Illusory Battlefield had a special repulsive force towards him. It was possible that other than him, all hidden souls and living beings would not be able to enter together.
For example, when Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Battlefield this time, he wasn't able to bring Xun, Qinglong, and the others with him. The Illusory Battlefield's projection could only accept Luo Zheng alone. Even now, Luo Zheng couldn't communicate with them.
But the sword had forcibly broken this rule of the Illusory Battlefield and forced its way into the Illusory Battlefield.
The sword also knew that if he hadn't come, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wouldn't have been able to accomplish much with his own strength …
After entering the Illusory Battlefield with the sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was confident that he could compete for first place in the Illusory Battlefield.
Not only were those prodigies no match for him, but even a Dao Child who had truly comprehended the Dao was no match for him!
The Karma Hall was dangerous, and a moment of carelessness could lead to death. Just like the second Karma Hall he had just passed, there were countless life-taking ropes. According to the rules of the Karma Hall, these life-taking ropes were almost impossible to sever. But Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had relied on the sword to forcibly sever the Heavenly Dao rules within …
This was the fundamental reason why not a single one of the 10 of them had perished in the Karma Hall, and it was also the reason why the 10 core geniuses of the various clans addressed him as Big Brother Dugu. It was because they noticed that this' Dugu 'who was traveling with them this time seemed to be an unimaginably thick thigh ….
Under the leadership of 'Dugu', they might have been able to easily complete the Karma Hall.
Given their gains in the Karma Hall, the ten of them would probably be able to enter the top ten of this world!
But just as they reached the third Karma Hall, they were arranged to clash with another group of people. At first, they even thought that the difficulty would be lowered. After all, with 'Dugu''s' strength, he could easily wipe out the seven of them.
But they never imagined …
Just like that, Dugu fell into the energy river.
"I can't accept this … bring me up!"
This energy river rapidly eroded the layer of golden light covering Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body. This dark iron sword was incomparably tyrannical. If it were any other martial artist, if they were to fall into this energy river, they would have died in the blink of an eye. They would have been completely eroded.
"Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's's," the sword replied....
"Then, then … Let me float up, I want to say something to that guy!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had never imagined that he would be defeated in the Karma Hall. Moreover, it was caused by a brat of unknown origin. How could his proud heart accept this?
...
The dark sword's' surface suddenly flashed with a dazzling golden light. It dragged Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao up from the bottom of the energy river.
It was also because the dark sword was not at its peak. If it was at its peak, it would have been enough to protect Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao as he swam freely in the energy river. Not to mention that, it would have been easy for it to shatter the Heavenly Dao. But now, it could only protect Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao for a short while.
Even so, it was enough to stun the martial artists on both sides of the shore.
When the martial artists in the darkness saw Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao fall into the energy river, their hearts sank. After the battle in the second Karma Hall, the strength that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had displayed had completely convinced this group of proud geniuses. But now that he had fallen, the shock in their hearts was even greater.
As for Luo Zheng's' side …
Ji Nan had recognized him the moment Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao appeared from the darkness.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
That guy who had become famous in one battle.
It was also this person who had appeared out of nowhere and stolen much of Ji Luoxue's limelight.
It was a pity that Ji Luoxue had not fought Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao in the Four-Race Grand Competition.
Not only did Ji Nan recognize this person, but Jin Hai also recognized him. After all, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had become famous by stepping on that prodigy of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain. When this news spread to the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain, it caused a huge commotion!
Therefore, the moment Ji Nan saw Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, she was already in a state of despair. She sighed inwardly.
She was done for. Although she trusted Luo Zheng, in her heart, Luo Zheng's strength should be much stronger than hers, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others. But it was still unknown if he could fight against the prodigies.
However, just like that, Luo Zheng had dragged Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao into a state where his life was hanging by a thread. At the same time, Luo Zheng himself was also in an extremely dangerous state. Then, before Ji Nan could understand what had happened, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao fell into the energy river and disappeared in an instant. It looked like he was dead.
Although Luo Zheng did not rely on his own strength to win a head-on battle, but relied on luck and trickery to get this prodigy into the energy river, this was enough to make Ji Nan sigh incomparably. At the very least, Luo Tianxing's luck was probably much stronger than Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's.
However …
Just as Ji Nan was sighing slightly, a sword shadow emerged from the bottom of the dark river. After the sword came out of the water, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's originally sunk figure actually emerged. But at this moment, his face had been corroded beyond recognition by the pure energy flow in the river. And that was the result of the sword's full protection.
"He can still get up like this! This guy is so freakish! "
The rude Azure Demon also sighed.
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others could not help but gasp. They were really afraid that this guy could fly up from the energy river.
It was just that flying was forbidden in the Karma Hall. In his current state, this possibility was not high.
As for the warriors on Dugu Jian's side, there was a glimmer of hope in their eyes.
However, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not leave the river. It was already very strenuous for the sword to bring him up to the surface of the river. After all, this was almost a direct violation of the rules of the Heavenly Dao, and it consumed a lot of energy for the sword.
However, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not leave the river. After he appeared, there was only deep hatred in his eyes. Accompanied by a wild laugh, he stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Boy, you win this time! But you won only because of luck. It has nothing to do with strength! "
Luo Zheng stared at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's head in the river, his face showing a noncommittal expression. To be honest, Luo Zheng himself was very surprised that this person could survive in the energy river for so long. Even with his miraculous body, he would probably be corroded to death instantly if he fell into the river. This person seemed to have an extremely powerful force protecting him.
A force that could resist the rules of the Heavenly Dao to a certain extent …
Either the Divine Race came in person, or it was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
Was the problem with the sword?
"Do your best! I hope that you can have a smooth journey. This way, we will meet again sooner or later. At that time, I hope that you won't play such tricks again. I will make you lose to me fair and square … Gulong, gulong … "
The following words could not be heard clearly.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword had already reached its limit.
He quickly sank into the energy river. After losing the protection of the sword, his body was instantly corroded and melted, becoming a part of the energy river.
At the same time, a large ball of dreamy light exploded!
"So many dreamy light balls!"
Everyone's eyes suddenly lit up!
According to their previous experience, the dreamy light balls that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had exploded were at least tens of millions!
Those yellow light balls quietly floated above the energy river. They did not float up or down, and they emitted a strong attractive force to the warriors on both sides of the river.
But so what if the attractive force was strong? Who would dare to step into this energy river and absorb it?
When Luo Zheng saw this scene, a regretful expression appeared on his face. He was afraid that such a large amount of dreamy points would be wasted here. It was a pity that he did not kill this person with his own hands. Otherwise, these dreamy light balls would automatically enter his body.

Chapter 1263
Luo Zheng threw out his long hook, and with a backhand pull, Jin Hai was the first one to be pulled over.
At the same time, he had already rushed into the darkness!
After Jin Hai was pulled over, he immediately pulled Ji Nan over, followed by Phantom, Azure Demon, and the other three cultivators …
"Bang!"
Just as the cultivators on Luo Zheng's side were being pulled to the opposite side one by one, a muffled sound came from the darkness, and then a ball of dreamy light exploded and flew towards Luo Zheng!
The cultivators who could enter the Dream Hall naturally collected a lot of dreamy light spots. After absorbing them, Luo Zheng instantly gained over a hundred thousand dreamy points.
At this moment, how could Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others be willing to fall behind Luo Zheng?
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had died and returned to the main city to be resurrected. Their leader had fallen, and their morale had dropped to a freezing point.
Although the strength of the remaining seven people wasn't bad, under the circumstances that they didn't have the intention to fight, there was no need to fear them!
What's more, the strength of Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and Phantom could not be underestimated!
Accompanied by the flickering light of the Buddha's Blade, the cultivator who used the Law of Darkness was also killed. The darkness that shrouded this place dissipated, and the number of cultivators on the other side rapidly decreased, turning into dreamy light spots …
After the last person's dreamy points were absorbed by Ji Nan, everyone's eyes once again focused on Luo Zheng.
At this moment, this third Karma Hall didn't seem to be too difficult. From beginning to end, Ji Nan and the others didn't do much, and only Phantom helped Luo Zheng.
However, they also knew that this third Karma Hall was extremely dangerous. If it weren't for Luo Zheng bringing the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao into this energy river, they would probably be wiped out here … The reason they could pass through this Karma Hall was none other than Luo Zheng alone!
"Why are you looking at me?" Luo Zheng looked at the exit of the Karma Hall. Their exit was the entrance of the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's group.
Ji Nan pursed her lips and smiled, "That guy is very unwilling."
"Who?" Luo Zheng pretended not to know.
Ji Nan pointed at the energy river in the deep trench.
Luo Zheng smiled. "I've already offended Ji Luoxue. Adding another one won't hurt …"
This kind of character, even if he had fallen once, he would probably be able to catch up quickly. With the evolution of the Illusory Battlefield, the warriors who were ranked at the bottom would be constantly eliminated, while the warriors who were ranked at the top would constantly collide with each other. Sooner or later, Luo Zheng would meet this person again.
"That's true …" Ji Nan looked at Luo Zheng's indifferent expression and could only smile helplessly.
"However, these dreamy light spots are wasted," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the dreamy light spots floating on the river.
Not only Luo Zheng, but Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others also looked at those dreamy light spots with regretful expressions.
At this moment, Phantom walked beside Luo Zheng, holding the long hook in her hand and saying softly, "You go down, I'll hook you up!"
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng looked at Phantom.
"Trust me, I won't let you fall in," Phantom said seriously.
This long hook could hook a warrior back in an instant, but the large group of dreamy light spots always floated one foot above the energy river. If one jumped down and absorbed all the dreamy light spots in an instant, and someone threw the long hook at the same time, with the right timing, it was not impossible to take away these dreamy light spots.
However, to absorb these dreamy light spots, the warrior who threw the hook had to have an extremely precise timing!
If he was a little faster, he might not be able to catch the falling warrior. If he was a little slower, the warrior would fall into the energy river. Regardless of whether he was a little faster or a little slower, the warrior who fell in would be destroyed.
Another problem was the issue of trust.
This group of warriors had entered the Karma Hall together and had built trust among each other, but it was not enough to put their lives in the hands of others. If the person on the shore did not throw the hook, then they would really die unjustly, even though they would not really die in the Illusory Battlefield …
"I can hit a flying butterfly from ten miles away. There is absolutely no mistake," Phantom added.
She had been a woman of few words along the way, but at this moment, Phantom was very confident.
"We … will also throw the hook," Ji Nan said with a smile when she saw Luo Zheng's expression change.
"It's better to let Phantom throw the hook alone. When the two long hooks collide, the Laws contained in them will cancel each other out. I'm afraid it will be self-defeating," Jin Hai said. Although he was tempted, he did not dare to jump into the energy river.
Now, everyone regarded Luo Zheng as their backbone and expected him to lead the team further in the Karma Hall. No one wanted Luo Zheng to fall. As for Jin Hai, he was far less important than Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng glanced at Phantom, then at the dreamy points in the energy river …
Now, he only had a total of more than ten million dreamy points in his body. The dreamy points in the energy river were definitely not a small amount for Luo Zheng.
After pondering for a moment, he nodded at Phantom. These tens of millions of dreamy points were worth Luo Zheng's risk.
Then, he walked to the edge. Phantom stood behind Luo Zheng, holding the long hook in her hand.
"I'm jumping!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng leaped into the air.
Then, he jumped towards the dreamy light spot in the energy river.
The distance of several feet was covered in an instant by Luo Zheng's rapid fall.
At this moment, Phantom looked straight ahead, staring at the height of Luo Zheng's fall. Calculating in her heart, she threw the long hook in her hand towards the dreamy light spot.
When Luo Zheng's figure passed by the dreamy light spots, these ownerless dreamy light spots immediately drilled into his body!
But while he absorbed the dreamy light spots, he was less than a foot away from the energy river below …
"Whoosh …"
At the same time, the long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. Under Phantom's strong pull, Luo Zheng stopped falling at this moment. Under the pull of the long hook, Luo Zheng's head tilted forward, and the tip of his nose was only two or three inches away from the energy river!
If he fell any further, he was afraid that he would be eroded by this energy river.
Luo Zheng could resist the powerful flame force, but he absolutely could not withstand the erosion of this energy river …
"Huff … Huff …"
Under Phantom's strong pull, Luo Zheng's figure began to rise rapidly, and he returned to the shore almost instantly.
Seeing Luo Zheng come back intact, several cultivators showed envious expressions. How could they not be envious of the danger they took in exchange for tens of millions of dreamy points?
"Thank you," Luo Zheng, who returned to the shore, thanked Phantom.
Phantom just nodded slightly, "No need to thank me, this is what you deserve."
Although this Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was not killed by Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng was the one who killed him. If not for him, all of them would have died at the hands of the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
After collecting the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's dreamy points, Luo Zheng's ranking soared again …
Because cultivators from all over the Illusory Battlefield had obtained iron scrolls from various secret realms and entered the Karma Hall!
At this stage, everyone's ranking was fluctuating violently.
After all, entering the Illusory Hall required a deduction of five million dreamy points. For the cultivators in front, if tens of thousands of dreamy points were deducted, their ranking would drop a lot, let alone five million.
After Luo Zheng's initial deduction of five million dreamy points, his ranking fell directly.
But after he passed through the second Karma Hall, his ranking quickly returned. After absorbing tens of millions of dreamy points, his ranking in this Great World had reached the 23rd place!
And in the entire Illusory Battlefield, his ranking directly jumped from 9200 to 130 …
The top 100 was the place where the geniuses gathered!
This was already the top of the pyramid, the most outstanding existence in the universe!
"This Luo Zheng's strength is definitely not weak!"
"Who said he relied on an Immortal Mansion? His strength is probably comparable to the geniuses! "
"If this guy continues to rush forward, I'm afraid he will enter the top 100!"
Originally, many people in the universe had been paying attention to Luo Zheng. Even when Luo Zheng was ranked outside the millions, they had been paying attention to him.
Not long ago, Luo Zheng had entered the top 10,000 …

Chapter 1264
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Three Pure World, Jade Pure Sacred Ground …
Qingling Martial Hall was the core cultivation sacred ground of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
Only the disciples with the most outstanding talent could be selected to enter this martial hall.
During this time, the Divine Sea Realm martial artists of Qingling Martial Hall had all entered the Illusory Battlefield, so Qingling Martial Hall was deserted.
However, it was very lively outside a large hall in the center of Qingling Martial Hall.
Life and Death Realm martial artists, as well as Extreme God Realm martial artists, were all gathered here, looking at the pyramid formed by countless names at the top of the hall.
The competition in the Illusory Battlefield was ongoing. As the cultivation sacred ground of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground, Qingling Martial Hall had high hopes for some of the core geniuses …
"Shen Qing's ranking has risen again. He has entered the two hundred and twenty thousand!"
"It seems like it's possible for him to enter the top one hundred thousand …"
"He really lives up to everyone's expectations!"
On average, there were three tenth-rank sacred grounds in the one hundred thousand great worlds …
As the most outstanding martial artist of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground, it would be a great achievement if Shen Qing could enter the top one hundred thousand.
These disciples were not the only ones paying attention to Shen Qing. Even the Sacred Lord of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground came to observe from time to time.
The pyramid floated above the large hall, which was the only illusory space in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
The operation of the illusory space required a large amount of True Essence.
Usually, True Essence would only be consumed when there were people in the illusory space. However, because of the pyramid, the illusory space needed to constantly replenish True Essence.
In the Upper World, there were two ways to replenish True Essence.
The first method was to use True Essence Stones or Zhen Yuanyu. This method consumed a lot of resources. The more economical method was to let martial artists directly supply True Essence from their bodies.
There were not many things in the universe, but the number of martial artists was extremely large.
The True Essence of martial artists came from the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. As long as a certain number of martial artists gathered, they could continuously absorb the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. After the Yuan Qi was converted into True Essence in the body, it would be supplied to the illusory space to maintain the operation of the illusory space.
This method wasn't only used in the Illusory Space, but also in some large-scale Divine Inscription Formations.
In the back of this grand hall, there were over a thousand people sitting side by side, pouring their true essence into the divine runes below. These divine runes absorbed the true essence of different people and then gathered it together, erasing the martial artist's mark. Finally, the pure true essence was turned into the purest form of true essence that was supplied into the dreamland, maintaining the operation of the dreamland …
If his True Essence was cut off, the illusory space would gradually dissipate, and the pyramid at the top would also disappear.
"Sigh, although we're free from mining, I don't know how long it'll take to absorb True Yuan all day," complained a red-clothed woman.
Ning Yudie sat at the side of the red-clothed girl. Her hands were placed on top of the Divine Rune that was absorbing True Essence. Her expression was calm. "Our strength is weak and we don't have the qualifications to enter the Clear Spirit Martial Hall. Supplying True Essence here is better than mining …"
As an ascender, Ning Yudie had been summoned by a half-step World Lord of the Clear Jade Holy Lands to select a disciple.
At that time, Ning Yudie had a bad premonition. This half-step World Lord had chosen a female disciple; he definitely didn't have any good intentions.
The result was as expected. Although it was incomparably mysterious, in the end it was some sort of male and female dual cultivation technique that was said to be comparable to a transcendent divine might, and would be greatly beneficial to female martial artists …
But the final request caused Ning Yudie to let out a breath of relief. The most important requirement was that she had to maintain her virginity.
She was already a married woman, so she had escaped this calamity.
However, with Ning Yudie's status as an ascender, she should have been forced to work in the mines. But now that she had been brought here, it wasn't convenient for her to go back to mining. In the end, she was sent here to absorb heaven and earth origin energy every day and then pour her True Essence into the divine runes.
This task continued day and night. Although it wouldn't cause any harm to a martial artist's body, it was still extremely boring. It was unknown how long she would have to endure this.
"This Clear Spirit Martial Hall only recruits the most core disciples of the Holy Land … entering is just a dream!" The red-clothed woman curled her lips, "It's better to be taken in as a disciple by that half-step World Lord. In any case, you'll have a chance to stand out in the higher realms! It's a pity that I wasn't chosen! "
Not every martial artist was disgusted by the male and female dual cultivation technique. On the contrary, this was a shortcut for female disciples to rapidly improve.
Hearing this, Ning Yudie curled her lips and lightly said, "My husband, I wonder if he has the qualifications to enter this Clear Spirit Martial Hall …"
"Your husband? Hehe, dream on … think about it, there are countless Divine Sea realm martial artists in this tenth grade Holy Land. Those that can enter are the core of the core, the most outstanding martial artists of the Clear Jade Holy Land … "The red-clothed woman sneered.
"Pa!"
At this moment, a whip shadow suddenly lashed out, exploding beside the red-clothed woman and Ning Yudie!
"If you make any more noise, I'll chase you out of this place and send you to the mine to mine!" A rough voice rang out. Not far away, a fat woman said coldly.
Although the whip didn't hit Ning Yudie and the red-clothed woman, the air waves from the whip were like knives, scraping the two women's faces painfully.
Some martial artists transferred their quintessential essence here in exchange for some benefits. As for Ning Yudie and the other ascenders, they were doing hard labor here …
Ning Yudie lightly glanced at the fat woman, but her eyes were filled with a trace of frost.
Ning Yudie knew that her strength and talent were not worth mentioning in the Upper Realm, so she had always been careful and patient. However, there were always people who would deliberately make things difficult for her, especially this woman, who had been looking for trouble for no reason.
There was no need to visualize the quintessential essence here. Their whispered conversation didn't disturb others, but this fat woman didn't allow it. She was deliberately looking for trouble.
Probably feeling the coldness in Ning Yudie's eyes, the fat woman slowly walked over. She looked down at Ning Yudie and sneered, "How is it? What do you mean by looking at me like that? "
"Nothing." Ning Yudie turned her face away.
"I heard … you ascended to the higher realms to find your husband? Your husband is also an ascender? "The fat woman asked. She didn't know where she heard this from.
Ning Yudie's expression was cold. She didn't want to speak.
"How childish. The universe is so big. Who knows where your husband has ascended to? Besides, he's just a nobody. I'm afraid he's still mining in some sacred land's mine! "The fat woman deliberately mentioned this to ridicule her.
However, if it was her, it was possible.
The efficiency of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist was naturally much faster than the average person. However, it wasn't easy to complete a mission that required millions of top-grade quintessential essence stones.
It was normal for some Divine Sea Realm martial artists to spend decades or even centuries digging.
Ning Yudie's heart trembled slightly. Her expression didn't change, but her heart was filled with helplessness …
This woman ridiculed her, but her logic might be correct. Previously, she thought that finding Luo Zheng was as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack. However, it seemed that finding a needle in a haystack was too easy. Finding information about Luo Zheng in the universe was thousands of times harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
The fat woman left with a cold smile …
Ning Yudie mechanically transferred her quintessential essence into the divine pattern. Her eyes gradually filled with sorrow.
However, at this moment, a vigorous voice suddenly sounded in her ears!
"Hehe, we have 16 people in the top 100 of [Gods Without Thought]. It's worth celebrating, worth celebrating …"
The voice that suddenly sounded in her ears gave Ning Yudie a fright.
In the days after she ascended, everyone in the universe had been busy paying attention to the Illusory Battlefield. No one had made a sound in the universe. This was the first time that Ning Yudie had heard the mysterious sound of the Roaring Command.
"This sound … what's going on?" Ning Yudie's face was filled with curiosity.
"It's the sound of the Roaring Command," a martial artist beside her lowered his voice and told Ning Yudie, "This Roaring Command can transmit its sound to the entire universe …" This martial artist wasn't an ascender. He had been forced to enter this place to supply his quintessential essence for other reasons.
"Roaring Command?" Ning Yudie frowned as she thought about it. She felt that these three words sounded very familiar, as if she had heard them before, but after thinking about it for a while, she couldn't recall where she had heard them before. However, a light flashed across her eyes. If she could get this Roaring Token, wouldn't she be able to tell her husband where she was?
If Luo Zheng knew where she was, he would definitely set out to find her!
"This Roaring Command is so mysterious. How many quintessential essence stones can I buy it?" Ning Yudie asked.
For this ascension, Ning Yudie had made thorough preparations. She still had a lot of quintessential essence stones in her hands, about 200,000 top-grade quintessential essence stones.
She didn't expect that as soon as she asked, the martial artist would look at her like she was an idiot. "How many quintessential essence stones? Hehe … "
Ning Yudie didn't know why this martial artist was laughing.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1265
Looking at Ning Yudie's puzzled expression, the warrior said lightly, "The value of this Roaring Token can't be measured by Zhen Yuanyu. Ordinary warriors can't buy it. If you really want to buy it, I think it's worth at least a million Zhen Yuanyu, right?"
"A million Zhen Yuanyu!"
Although Ning Yudie had just ascended, she had heard that mining in the Holy Land required one to pay a hundred Zhen Yuanyu.
One Zhen Yuanyu could be exchanged for ten thousand supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu.
Then, a million Zhen Yuanyu, wouldn't that be a hundred million supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu?
Since the Cloud Hall and the Commerce Alliance joined forces to unify the Central Domain, her master had returned to the Cloud Hall. Now, the Cloud Hall was flourishing. Under the joint operation of the Commerce Alliance, the number of Zhen Yuanyu in the hall was not small.
For her ascension this time, her master, Granny Yu, had given her half of the supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu stored in the Cloud Hall in case she needed it.
This half of the supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu was worth more than two hundred thousand.
Just now, she was still considering whether to buy two Roaring Tokens. Now that she heard this number, she was shocked.
It turned out that the supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu that she brought up was nothing in the Upper Realm …
In fact, when the warrior said that the Roaring Token was worth a hundred million supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu, he was exaggerating the value of the Roaring Token by ten times.
The warrior couldn't be blamed. After all, the Roaring Token was a priceless item in the Upper Realm. Ordinary warriors could only see it once in their lifetime. Basically, only Realm Lords and Heavenly Venerables were qualified to use it. The warrior said that a million Zhen Yuanyu was just a rough estimate.
"Of course, even the Holy Lords and Realm Lords of the Jade Pure Holy Land only have one or two in their hands." The warrior shook his head and sighed. Compared to the Holy Lords of the Holy Land, warriors like them were like grass.
Ning Yudie pursed her lips, her face revealing a trace of melancholy. She wasn't counting on the Roaring Command, but she felt that it was somewhat familiar, as if she had heard of the Roaring Command somewhere before …
That warrior then sighed, "There is always an anomaly in this universe. A few years ago, there was a guy named Luo Zheng who used this Roaring Token to tell stories all day long. It is said that he was only at the Spirit Sea Realm. I don't know where he got this Roaring Token that can be used infinitely …"
Hearing this, Ning Yudie was stunned.
"Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie stared at the martial artist and asked. She couldn't help but raise her voice.
The other martial practitioners around her also turned to look at Ning Yudie, including the red-clothed woman beside Ning Yudie.
Fortunately, that fat woman wasn't here. Otherwise, he would have been taught a lesson …
"Sister Die, what's wrong?" the red-clothed woman asked when she saw Ning Yudie's expression.
As for that martial artist, he chuckled and said, "That's right. That guy is in the limelight now. I'm afraid there is no one in this universe who doesn't know him. It is said that this guy ascended from the Lower Realm and has an Immortal Mansion. He used that Immortal Mansion to kill several Celestial Venerables …"
In the eyes of many grassroots martial artists, Luo Zheng had become a legendary figure.
Because Luo Zheng's identity as an ascender, it also meant that Luo Zheng didn't have much of a background in the Upper Realm. However, as a Spirit Sea Realm martial artist, many forces and Celestial Venerables were helpless against him. This in itself was a miracle!
Luo Zheng's anecdotes were also constantly being spread among grassroots martial artists. Among them, many exaggerated and even fabricated identities emerged.
"In the past few years, that guy has told many pleasant stories. For example, Su San killed the Snake Celestial, for example …" When the martial artist said this, his face was full of fascination, as if he himself was Luo Zheng.
When Ning Yudie heard the two words "Luo Zheng," her first reaction was that she had misheard. Her second reaction was that she thought it was someone with the same name.
After all, there were so many martial artists in the universe. It wasn't strange for them to have the same name.
However, when she heard about the Immortal Mansion, Ning Yudie was more certain in her heart. After Luo Zheng obtained the "Gen" token, he was indeed able to freely enter and exit the Immortal Mansion. However, although the Immortal Mansion was incomparably magical, could it kill Celestial Venerables?
In the past six years, Ning Yudie had also gone to the valley in the Eastern Region. However, she found that the exit had disappeared …
However, when she heard the story of "Su San killed the Snake Celestial," she was certain!
This was a story that had been passed down in the Eastern Region. Ning Yudie had also heard of it before. It was widely circulated in the Eastern Region.
Luo Zheng, with an Immortal Mansion, told the story of Su San killing the Snake Celestial …
When these pieces of information overlapped, she was almost 100% certain that Luo Zheng was her husband.
The Roaring Token!
At this moment, Ning Yudie recalled that one of the three treasures that Luo Zheng had received from his master was the Roaring Token.
However, at that time, even Luo Zheng himself wasn't clear about the use of the Roaring Token!
The woman in red saw that Ning Yudie's expression was becoming more and more complicated. She asked again, "Sister Die, what happened to you?"
Ning Yudie pursed her lips …
At this moment, a clamor came from the main hall in front of them.
All the martial artists stared at the huge pyramid.
"This Luo Zheng actually jumped from over 9,000 to 130!"
"What a powerful strength! I'm afraid this guy is going to reach the top!"
"Not necessarily. The higher he goes, the more difficult it will be. There are many geniuses in front of him. How can it be so easy to surpass them?"
The martial artist who spoke to Ning Yudie just now laughed and looked at the pyramid in front of them. He said, "It's that Luo Zheng. Previously, it was said that this guy was just lucky and inherited a magical Immortal Mansion. His strength and talent are a mess. Now, Luo Zheng is rising rapidly and has already reached 130. It's really surprising. I think this guy will be amazing if he can enter the top 10,000 …"
Luo Zheng's name …
Although the distance was not close, Ning Yudie could still see the densely packed names at the top of the pyramid.
At first, she had searched along the top of the pyramid, but she couldn't find Luo Zheng's name. Then she gave up.
Since the pyramid represented the ranking of all the Divine Sea Realm martial artists in the whole universe, and there were hundreds of millions of martial artists in the Illusory Battlefield, the possibility of finding Luo Zheng's name among them was not high.
Now, Ning Yudie glanced around and found Luo Zheng's name at the top of the pyramid. The two golden words Luo Zheng were slowly floating somewhere at the top of the pyramid …
"Didn't I hear that there are hundreds of millions of Divine Sea Realm martial artists in the Illusory Battlefield?" Ning Yudie suddenly asked, "With his ranking, he should be able to enter the Qingling Martial Hall to cultivate, right?"
"Pfft …" The martial artist couldn't help laughing. After looking up and down at Ning Yudie, he asked again, "You're an ascender?"
Ning Yudie nodded. Although she knew that there were hundreds of thousands of Great Realms in the Upper Realm, she didn't have a thorough understanding of them. She could see that the tenth-grade Qingling Sacred Ground was also a colossus!
The martial artist said, "No wonder. For someone like Luo Zheng, let alone the Qingling Sacred Ground, I'm afraid that even the famous Thirteen Palaces won't be able to accommodate him. It's said that after he ascended, he directly left the tenth-grade Holy Land and was brought to the Thirteen Palaces. Now that he has achieved such a ranking, I'm afraid he can already be considered a prodigy of our Human Alliance …"
"Is that so?" Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of a smile.
When they were in the Central Domain, Ning Yudie had absolute confidence in her husband.
However, it was different in the Upper Realm where prodigies were everywhere. She didn't dare to have too much hope for Luo Zheng …
However, Ning Yudie never expected that Luo Zheng would have achieved so much in the past six years. The information she had just received was far beyond her imagination. It also far exceeded her expectations for Luo Zheng. At the same time, it also gave Ning Yudie the confidence to find Luo Zheng!
"Sister Die, why are you asking about the details? Do you know this person?" The woman in red beside her asked in confusion.
Ning Yudie smiled and looked at the pyramid. She said, "Did you forget what I told you? I ascended to find my husband."
The woman in red still had a strange expression on her face. "I know. So what?"
Ning Yudie said indifferently, "My husband ascended seven years ago. His name is Luo Zheng. If I'm not wrong, he's the person at the top of the pyramid!"

Chapter 1266
The red-clothed woman curled her lips. "Coincidence …"
This red-robed woman was a cultivator who ascended at about the same time as Ning Yudie, and the two of them could be considered fellow sufferers. Previously, when she heard that Ning Yudie ascended to the Immortal World to find her husband, she had advised Ning Yudie that the hope was too slim to even imagine and that it was better to give up.
Now that she suddenly heard this answer, how could she believe it?
The universe was so big, and there should be many cultivators with the same name.
However, she didn't know that Ning Yudie had completely confirmed Luo Zheng's identity.
Ning Yudie stared at the cultivator and said, "The story of Su San killing the Snake Immortal is a story that has been passed down in my Central Domain. Su San met the Snake Immortal in Bramble Mountain and fell in love with her. Later, the Snake Immortal's bestial nature couldn't be erased and caused harm to the world. In the end, Su San had no choice but to kill the Snake Immortal … This story should be like this, right?"
The cultivator suddenly nodded and looked at Ning Yudie with a look of trust!
The story of Su San killing the Snake Immortal was spread widely because of Luo Zheng's roar command. It was exactly the same as what the woman in front of him said.
And this story should be three or four years old.
This woman had just ascended, but she had heard of this story. At the very least, it showed that she and Luo Zheng did indeed come from the same lower realm.
This possibility …
In fact, Ning Yudie didn't want to prove anything to them.
She only knew that her husband was still alive, and she was already very satisfied to know where her husband was.
"This guy is still as unexpected as ever!" Ning Yudie looked at the countless names on the pyramid and thought.
As for the cultivator, after hearing these words, his heart was burning with passion.
This cultivator wasn't an ascender, and he didn't have any great background in the Jade Pure Holy Land. In order to earn a certain amount of compensation, he was arranged here to supply true essence to the dreamscape space.
It didn't matter if the woman in front of him was lying, but now it seemed that there was a fifty percent chance that it was true. If it was true, if he could help this woman … for a grassroots martial artist like him, it might be an opportunity!
Ning Yudie did not know what the martial artist in front of her was thinking. She thought for a moment and then asked, "But why did Luo Zheng use the Roaring Command to tell stories in the universe?"
"Heh, he wants to talk to a mysterious girl." The martial artist laughed. The conversation between Luo Zheng and the mysterious girl could be heard by all living beings in the universe, and this martial artist was no exception.
"Mysterious girl?" Ning Yudie's brows furrowed slightly as if it was a conditioned reflex.
The martial artist noticed Ning Yudie's expression and shrugged, "I don't know where that mysterious girl came from. The entire Huan Yu doesn't know her identity, but she did promise Luo Zheng to help him find his sister … in exchange, she told him to tell her a story." This matter was known by almost everyone in Huan Yu.
"His sister, Luo Yan?" Ning Yudie asked.
"Yes!" The martial artist's eyes suddenly lit up, and he became more certain in his heart, "It's this Luo Yan!"
"So they haven't found her yet …" Ning Yudie slightly lowered her head and said softly. Then she stared at the pyramid again.
She was interested in the pyramid at the top of the dreamscape space, so she looked down from above to observe the names on it.
These names were all Luo Zheng's competitors.
While she was observing, another sigh came from the other side of the hall …
"Luo Zheng's ranking actually rose by two places!"
Ning Yudie had a smile on her face. She swept past Luo Zheng's name and continued to look down, but not long after, she saw another familiar name.
Xi Youqin!
One hundred and sixty-fourth place!
When Ning Yudie saw this name, she was stunned again.
She actually had such strength?
Although Ning Yudie knew this girl's Extreme Violet Yin Body was very special, when she was in the Central Domain, Xi Youqin was only a Divine Core warrior, and without relying on her bloodline, her strength was a complete mess!
After that, this girl escaped into the Extreme Violet Realm.
How many years had it been?
She had already broken through to the Divine Sea realm? And she had such strength? She was almost the same as Luo Zheng?
How was this possible …
Ning Yudie couldn't accept this result.
But there were still some people in this world who had extraordinary talent.
Ning Yudie was indeed a genius with great talent, but compared to those Divine Sea geniuses from the Upper Realm, the gap was still very obvious.
But Xi Youqin was different.
Her First Grade Extreme Violet Yin Body was one of the supreme existences in the Extreme Violet Realm, and with the help of Old Man Wuding from the Wuding Tower, her cultivation and strength had improved at an incredible speed. With the ability of the First Grade Extreme Violet Yin Body, there were some abilities that others might not be able to cultivate in their lifetime, but for Xi Youqin, they were just a piece of cake!
Looking at Xi Youqin's ranking, Ning Yudie felt quite depressed. She couldn't help but sigh. How could this be …
… …
… …
After obtaining the reward from the third Karma Hall, Luo Zheng's ranking rose once again, but only by two places.
The reward from the third Karma Hall was only three million dreamy light spots, and everyone had one share. For Luo Zheng, the reward from the third Karma Hall was much less than the second Karma Hall. But, if the dreamy light spots from the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao were considered as the reward, then it was still quite a lot …
After leaving the Karma Hall, the hooks in everyone's hands that were attached to the Laws of Heavenly Dao gradually disappeared.
It seemed that the hooks weren't allowed to be taken out of the Karma Hall. Otherwise, the Laws of Heavenly Dao contained in the hooks would have been of great help to everyone.
Regretfully, everyone continued to climb up the stairs.
Now, everyone was in the upper middle section of this majestic mountain. Standing on the stairs, they could enjoy the scenery outside the mountain.
Although this Karma Hall was constructed by the Heavenly Dao, everything was vivid and lifelike. Perhaps these scenes weren't illusions, but completely real existences. For the Heavenly Dao, this wasn't difficult.
At this moment, Luo Zheng took the lead, and Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others followed closely behind.
After easily passing through the third Karma Hall, they were about to face the fourth Karma Hall, which was also the penultimate Karma Hall!
When Ji Nan first entered the Karma Hall, she was defeated in the fourth Karma Hall.
It could even be said that the penultimate Karma Hall had blocked almost 99% of the cultivators. It was really too difficult to pass through. Who knew what they would encounter in the fourth Karma Hall?
Soon after, everyone stood in front of the fourth Karma Hall …
The fourth Karma Hall was completely red, and there were faint flames swirling around it. Standing at the entrance of the hall, one could feel the scorching heat.
"So hot! So hot!" Azure Fiend cried out strangely.
"The rewards in the fourth Karma Hall are rich, but the difficulty cannot be underestimated. Everyone must be more careful!" Ji Nan lightly said.
"No matter how difficult it is, we can't give up now," Luo Zheng said.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's ranking was rapidly rising. Without hesitation, he took the lead and entered the Karma Hall. As for Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others, after sizing him up, they also followed closely behind.
The floor of the Karma Hall was covered with fine cracks. These cracks were only as thick as a finger, but within the cracks, there were streams of greenish-red magma that flowed. It looked like the blood vessels of a human body, and the greenish-red magma was equivalent to the blood of a human body.
Walking on the floor, one would also be roasted by the magma.
As for Ji Nan, Huan Ling, and the others, although they weren't injured, the heat was still unbearable. They all released their protective true essence and completely protected themselves.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't need this kind of protection. Ordinary flames couldn't harm him at all.
As the group continued to head deeper, the scenery of the Karma Hall kept on changing. It was as if they had walked into a huge volcanic cavern. They were no longer surrounded by the hall's walls but jagged, protruding rocks of irregular shapes. There was also a break in the path before them, and a lava lake appeared before them.
Looking at the tranquil magma lake, everyone stopped in their tracks one after another. Their eyes were filled with caution.

Chapter 1267
Previously, every time this group of cultivators entered the hall, everyone's gazes would be focused on Ji Nan.
After all, she was the only one who was familiar with the Karma Hall. Now, everyone understood that Luo Tianxing was their core!
Luo Zheng stared at the mountain-like giant and frowned for a long time. Everyone also stared at Luo Zheng, wanting to know what he planned to do next.
"What is this thing …" Luo Zheng rubbed his head and asked.
Ji Nan suddenly looked as if she was about to faint. This guy didn't know this lava giant at all …
As for Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others, they also showed helpless smiles.
Only Cang Mo didn't know what was going on. His bell-like eyes stared at the lava giant and said in a muffled voice, "This thing's strength is probably much greater than mine!"
"This is a life form of the Laws, a lava giant born from the Laws. It contains the Laws of Earth and the Laws of Fire. Such a huge lava giant can only be born from the Laws of Fire at the sixth level," Ji Nan said indifferently.
Life forms of the Laws weren't rare.
For example, Thunder Spirits were born from dense thunderbolts, and Flame Essences were formed from inextinguishable flames.
However, these were all relatively low-level life forms of the Laws.
High-level life forms of the Laws required a higher level of the Laws of Origin before they could be gradually cultivated.
For example, the golden wind blade in the giant storm that Luo Zheng encountered in the Chaotic Astral Ocean belonged to a relatively high-level life form of the Laws of Wind.
At this moment, everyone was looking for a way to pass through the lava lake.
Cang Mo moved his tall and sturdy body and walked two laps around the edge of the lava lake. Suddenly, he saw the surface of the lava lake fluctuate, spreading out fiery red ripples.
"What is this …" Cang Mo stared at the ripples, a strange look on his face.
"Gudong, gudong …"
At this moment, small lava bubbles appeared in the lava lake. After these lava bubbles burst, spiraling flames floated out. These flames danced in the air and then stopped spinning.
At this moment, everyone could clearly see that these balls of flames were actually small flame kittens about a foot long.
These little flaming kittens floating on the surface of the lake looked simple and docile. Their faint cat-like eyes glanced at everyone.
After floating for a while, they dived back into the magma lake. Magma bubbles kept bursting, and flaming kittens kept coming out of the bubbles …
"This little thing is quite cute." For some reason, Cang Mo stretched out a finger and waved it at the little flame cat.
"Meow …"
The small flame cat floating above the lava let out a low growl at Cang Mo. It slowly floated towards Cang Mo.
However, this little flame kitten's movement speed was extremely slow. Its four limbs glided clumsily in the air, and its speed was much slower than an ordinary person's walking speed.
However, just as the flaming kitten glided halfway, everyone heard a shrill meow!
"Meow!"
The originally docile flaming kitten suddenly swelled. In an instant, its entire body swelled to more than ten times its original size, and it pounced towards Cang Mo!
The flaming kitten originally gave off a docile and obedient feeling, but now it gave off a strong sense of oppression. The might of the Fire Laws contained within was so strong that it made it difficult for people to breathe normally. He felt as though a small sun had appeared behind him.
Cang Mo completely relied on his conditioned reflexes to turn and run. As he ran, there was a sizzling sound behind him.
The heat from the flaming kitten was transmitted to his armor. The armor on his back did not melt, but the heat was enough to burn his armor until it was boiling red!
"This flame … everyone, disperse!"
Everyone also realized that the flaming kitten was so powerful that they all retreated.
"Help!" Cang Mo also hurriedly called for help. The flaming kitten had been following Cang Mo all the way, and he could not shake it off. If the flaming kitten caught up to him, he would probably be reduced to ashes in an instant!
"Help him." Although Ji Nan and the others chose to retreat, it did not mean that they would abandon Cang Mo here.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Jin Hai raised his hand and slapped out three icicles. Jin Hai's attainments in the Law of Ice were not low, but before the three icicles could touch the flaming kitten, they turned into a handful of water and were instantly evaporated by the powerful heat!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He suddenly erupted with Vital Essence, and after accelerating his body, he rushed over from the other side. With a slight tilt of his body, he raised his leg and kicked Cang Mo's back armor!
The power of Luo Zheng's kick was not weak. He directly kicked Cang Mo out of the Karma Hall!
After being kicked, Cang Mo's speed more than doubled. After he rushed out of the Karma Hall, the flaming kitten slowly floated back. It did not choose to attack Luo Zheng and the others, but instead jumped and merged into the magma again …
"This flaming kitten … should be the pure power of fire born from the seventh level of the Law of Fire." Huan Ling took a step back, stared at the flying kittens, and whispered, "In other words, the Law of Fire contained in this magma lake is probably not the sixth level, but at least the seventh!"
Among the cultivators present, only Huan Ling majored in the Law of Fire, and only she had the right to speak.
"The seventh level of the Law of Fire! No wonder these kittens gave me so much pressure. "Ji Nan had said that the two Source Laws contained in the Lava Giant should be around the sixth level. She had indeed underestimated it.
"Who cares what level it is? The problem is how do we pass through it now!" Cang Mo stared at the huge magma lake and asked.
There was no bridge or rope in this magma lake. It was a dead end …
The key point was that this was not ordinary magma. With the strength of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, they could directly swim across ordinary volcanic magma. How could ordinary magma break through their Protective True Essence?
But now, the power of the Law of Fire contained in the magma lake was far from what they could resist.
This was also in line with the rules of the Karma Hall. Starting from the first Karma Hall, it was basically impossible to survive any danger. The only time was when Luo Zheng used the Little Skulls to flip over the square boulder. That was also because the Little Skulls behind Luo Zheng contained power that was almost comparable to the Law of Heavenly Dao. Therefore, they were able to resist and even compete with the Law of Heavenly Dao itself.
Standing at the edge of the magma lake, Luo Zheng retreated a few steps as he sensed the intense heat. His eyes constantly scanned the surroundings of the cave, trying to find the secret to passing through the magma lake … …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1268
There were many craggy stone pillars and stalagmites protruding from the stone walls on both sides of the cave.
However, they couldn't form a path. It was obviously unrealistic to climb along these stone walls …
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng's face revealed a gloomy expression.
The third Karma Hall was still okay. At least there would be some hints. For example, those long hooks placed on the side in advance could at least let people understand a thing or two.
However, the fourth Karma Hall didn't have any hints. It just threw out a lava lake that was a hopeless place for Divine Sea Realm warriors. How could they pass through?
In the end, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the huge lava giant.
There were countless cracks on the lava giant's huge body. From those cracks, one could faintly see flames spurting out.
Seeing this lava giant, Luo Zheng suddenly had an idea …
"Maybe the path through this lava lake is on this lava giant's body," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Ji Nan smiled, "What a coincidence. I also thought of that."
On one side of the lava lake, there was a lava giant the size of a mountain. A few hundred feet away, there was another lava giant. These lava giants were arranged in a straight line. It was reasonable to see these lava giants as bridges to pass through the lava lake.
"But how do we persuade these guys to send us over?" Jin Hai asked while staring at the lava giant after hearing the conversation between the two.
The two's idea was indeed too crazy. However, under everyone's observation, the more they looked at it, the more it seemed to be the case …
"Attract that guy's attention and lead it here!" At this point, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He had already taken the dark golden longbow in his hand. Then, he took out a long black arrow from his quiver and nocked it on the bowstring.
No one stopped Luo Zheng's actions. However, their expressions became serious. It was not a good idea to annoy this big guy. However, if they didn't take the risk, their trip to the Karma Hall would end here.
"Buzz …"
As Luo Zheng's bowstring made a sound, the black arrow left the bowstring and flew toward the lava giant!
"Sou!"
When the black light flew halfway, it once again released an explosive sound midway. It had undergone a second acceleration. Its speed was even faster and its power was even greater!
"Bang …"
After a short while, the black light exploded on the Lava Giant's chest! It was impossible for Luo Zheng to miss even if he wanted to …
At this moment, everyone, including Luo Zheng, held their breaths and stared motionlessly at the Lava Giant. If anything went wrong, everyone would run away. The remaining seven people had earned 5 million fantasy points from this trip to the Karma Hall. If they died here, their losses would be even greater.
However …
After a few breaths of time, the giant monster was still slowly rotating. Although Luo Zheng's arrow had caused quite a commotion, it didn't cause any damage to the Lava Giant. It simply ignored Luo Zheng's attack!
"It's useless," Luo Zheng curled his lips and turned his head to look at Phantom.
The bow in Phantom's hand was a Sovereign artifact. Its power couldn't be compared to the one in Luo Zheng's hand. Now, he could only pin his hopes on her.
She understood Luo Zheng's gaze. Before Luo Zheng could speak, she had already taken out the Moonbreak Bursting Flame Bow and aimed at the Lava Giant not far away.
Pull the bowstring, draw the bow …
Soon after, a rotating flame condensed in front of the bow.
"Pop!"
It was accompanied by the sound of the bowstring vibrating.
This intense flame also shot towards the Lava Giant ….
"Rumble …"
After the flame exploded, it spread out on the surface of the Lava Giant and burned fiercely.
The Moonbreak Bursting Flame Bow activated the Profound Meaning of Flame Burst, continuously bursting out balls of powerful flames …
However, this Lava Giant was originally a high-level Law Being born from the Laws of Fire and the Laws of Earth. These flames were absolutely fatal to other life forms, but they couldn't pose the slightest threat to this Lava Giant.
The Lava Giant was even constantly absorbing the flames. However, after the flames exploded, they spread along the cracks on the surface of the Lava Giant's body. Soon after, all the flames were absorbed by the Lava Giant.
"It's useless," Phantom shook her head and frowned slightly.
However, at this moment, everyone suddenly saw a large stone flying over their heads and smashing toward the Lava Giant!
Turning their heads, they saw Azure Demon maintaining his throwing posture. Azure Demon chuckled, "I also want to try …"
However, the Azure Devil found a three foot wide rock from who knows where and threw it out.
"This rock of yours is just a small pebble to the Lava Giant. What use can it have?" Jin Hai said disdainfully. Previously, Jin Hai had threatened to kill Azure Demon. Along the way, he didn't like Azure Demon. Firstly, Azure Demon was a Demon Race cultivator. Secondly, Jin Hai felt that Azure Demon was useless …
Azure Demon only smiled foolishly and pointed at the stone, saying, "It hit!"
"Bang …"
Everyone looked back and saw the large stone smash into the Lava Giant's shoulder and instantly shatter into pieces.
Just as Jin Hai said, such a large stone was just a small stone to the Lava Giant's mountainous body. What threat could it pose to the Lava Giant?
Jin Hai snorted disdainfully. Just as he was about to mock Azure Demon, the Lava Giant's body trembled slightly and it began to move.
"It can't be, it wants to chase me again? I was just joining in on the fun … "
Upon seeing this scene, Azure Demon was stunned. He did not expect that he could really trigger the Lava Giant. It was just an ordinary rock thrown over. Why was it chasing after him?
Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others all had baffled expressions on their faces …
Just now, Luo Zheng and Phantom's attacks had no effect on the Lava Giant. The Lava Giant was like an inanimate object, motionless. Perhaps in the eyes of the Lava Giant, Luo Zheng and the others were just mosquitoes, not enough to cause it any harm, so it didn't pay any attention to them.
But why did Azure Demon's stone have such an effect?
"Azure Demon, where did you get that stone from … where is he?" Ji Nan turned around and only saw Azure Demon's back. This Demon Race cultivator had already fled, rushing out of the Karma Hall. Obviously, he was afraid of the Lava Giant's pursuit!
Jin Hai snorted, "This guy was born in the wrong body!"
Although the Demon Race cultivators were not favored among the many races in the universe, this race had always been brave and good at fighting. They would even risk their lives to win. This was the greatest advantage of the Demon Race.
It was rare to see a Demon Race cultivator like Azure Demon running away at the slightest movement …
"Look, this Lava Giant shouldn't have been alarmed by Azure Demon's stone," Phantom suddenly said.
Everyone looked over and saw a large number of flame kittens floating above the magma in front of the Lava Giant. At this moment, the Lava Giant twisted its body and stretched out its giant hand to grab those flame kittens!
"Meow! Meow … "
Although these flame kittens were extremely agile, under the cover of the Lava Giant's huge palm, it was difficult for them to escape. Only a few flame kittens managed to escape, but even more flame kittens were firmly bound in the Lava Giant's hand.
After the Lava Giant caught a large number of flame kittens in its hand, it stuffed them into its magma-formed mouth.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Under the Lava Giant's chewing, the little flame kittens let out mournful cries and exploded into balls of flames that danced wildly in the Lava Giant's mouth. Although the little flame kittens weren't very big, the power they erupted with before they died made everyone secretly shocked.
After seeing this scene, Ji Nan's pretty eyes flashed, "I understand, these flame kittens should be the Lava Giant's food! It feeds on these little things! "
"In other words, if we want to attract the Lava Giant's attention, we can only rely on these flame kittens …" Luo Zheng said lightly.

Chapter 1269
These flaming kittens did not look big, but since they were creatures born in this magma lake, they were also extremely terrifying creatures of the laws.
Otherwise, they would not be qualified to be the Lava Giant's food!
It could even be said that these flaming kittens were originally the Lava Giant's companion, but it was unknown why they had taken the shape of a cat.
Luo Zheng said that it was a good idea to use these flaming kittens to attract the Lava Giant's attention.
The problem was that these flaming kittens were definitely not to be trifled with …
In the magma not far away, a ripple was transmitted, and a magma bubble emerged. After it burst open, a flaming kitten emerged. The flaming kitten meowed and looked very cute.
Luo Zheng and the others stared at the flaming kitten.
Capturing the flaming kitten first and then attracting the Lava Giant was indeed very difficult.
But this was the fourth Karma Hall, after all, so it was normal for it to be so difficult.
"I can try, but I can't guarantee success," Ji Nan said indifferently as she stared at the flaming kitten. Then, with a flip of her hand, a piece of sacred wood appeared in her hand.
She mainly cultivated the Law of Wood, but she also dabbled in the Law of Ice …
The small piece of sacred wood kept twisting and growing crazily, and a layer of frost gradually appeared on its branches. Finally, the branches intertwined to form a small cage.
"The Builder Wood is omnipotent. It can melt fire and ice …"
Ji Nan did not bring the Ji Family's Supreme Artifact into the Illusory Battlefield this time.
It was not that the Ji Family did not have it, but Ji Nan did not need it.
There was a piece of wood in her body, and this piece of wood was her weapon. It was an existence comparable to a Supreme Artifact.
This piece of wood was called the Builder Wood.
It had the shape of an ox, and its skin was like a tassel, like a yellow snake.
Its leaves were like a luo, but it was actually like a luan.
Its wood was like a luan, and it was called the "Builder Wood".
According to legend, the Builder Wood was born in the Divine Territory. It was hundreds of meters tall and had the fate of all gods!
This piece of Builder Wood had been in her body since she was born. The Ji Family originally wanted to take it out. After all, this item was extraordinary. Even for the Ji Family, it was a rare sacred item. If it was forged with this piece of wood, it would be enough to create a Supreme Divine Weapon that was ranked in the top 500.
However, when the Ji Family tried to extract the Creation Wood from Ji Nan's body, they realized that Ji Nan seemed to have a special connection with the wood.
This Builder Tree had a spirit and refused to leave Ji Nan. When the Ji family forcibly extracted it, there was a natural phenomenon that day. A twelve-colored dragon-shaped lightning bolt streaked across the sky and shattered the entire Ji family's mourning hall …
Under such a phenomenon, the Ji family gave up on extracting the Builder Wood from Ji Nan's body …
As Ji Nan grew up, so did the Builder Tree. It had become a weapon that she could not part with.
As for why the Builder Tree was born in Ji Nan's body and why it would cause such a phenomenon when it was forcefully extracted, the Ji family had always kept these matters a secret. Even Ji Nan herself did not know what was involved in this matter.
"Using ice to counter fire, I can try to trap that little flame cat inside! But … who's going to lure that little flame cat over? "Ji Nan asked.
At this moment, Azure Demon, who had been hiding outside the hall for quite some time, had returned. Everyone's gazes gathered on him …
"Me? I'm not going! "Cang Mo's huge head shook like a rattle-drum.
Jin Hai looked disdainfully at Cang Mo before saying, "Let me go!"
"I'll do it." Luo Zheng stepped forward.
Although the fire laws in the Karma Hall were extraordinary, Luo Zheng had a divine artifact body after all. Although Luo Zheng was not sure if he could withstand the burning flames, he still had a considerable advantage compared to Jin Hai and the others.
Luo Zheng was the core of their team. Now that he had stepped forward, Jin Hai did not have any objections.
Next, everyone retreated a distance of about ten feet. Ji Nan waved her slender fingers and the Builder Tree fell to the ground. The Frost Cage woven from the branches and leaves of the Builder Tree was emitting a biting cold air, causing the temperature within a radius of ten feet to drop by a lot.
After the ice cage was set up, Ji Nan and the others retreated to the side.
Luo Zheng strolled toward the edge of the magma lake. As he walked, he lightly kicked the ground with the tip of his foot, and a piece of gravel on the ground flew high into the air and landed in Luo Zheng's hand. He held the small stone and stared straight ahead.
The bottom of the magma lake was probably covered with these little flame kittens.
As the magma bubbles exploded one by one, these nimble little spirits could be seen emerging from the magma. After playing around for a while, they dived back into the magma.
"Pop!"
Not far to the side of Luo Zheng, another small magma bubble exploded, and a little flame kitten emerged from it.
"Meow …"
The little kitten stretched its body, and its fur made of flames danced continuously. This cute little guy was actually an extremely fierce creature!
"Swish!"
Luo Zheng's fingers trembled slightly, and the gravel in his hand shot toward the little flame kitten!
The gravel had just gotten close to the little flame kitten when it was melted halfway. However, this gravel had already attracted the little flame kitten's attention.
At this moment, everyone held their breaths and stared at the distant Luo Zheng.
Ji Nan pursed her lips. Although the Builder Wood was a divine tool, her current cultivation was limited. She did not know if the ice cage formed by the Builder Wood could restrain it.
"Meow …"
The little flame kitten let out a soft cry. Its cat eyes glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng, and with a tumble above the magma, it sank into the magma!
"This …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression as if he had seen a ghost.
As for Cang Mo, he wanted to express that he had seen a ghost even more! How could there be such a huge gap between martial artists? Cang Mo had not intended to provoke the little flame kitten, but the little flame kitten had pursued him relentlessly. However, the little flame kitten in front of him was extremely docile and did not even bother to pay attention to Luo Zheng.
It seemed that not only were these creatures of law intelligent, but they also had their own personalities …
The first one had failed, so they could only look for the next one.
Fortunately, there were many of these little flame kittens. Not long after, another little flame kitten floated up from the magma.
This time, Luo Zheng did not show any mercy. As he circulated the Primal Chaos Qi in his body, three sharp icicles condensed in his hand. With a flip of his hand, the three icicles shot towards the little flame kitten!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
The three icicles shot out, instantly alerting the little flame kitten.
It rolled, and the flame fur all over its body rose sharply. At the same time, it let out a shrill cry.
"Meow!"
Although Luo Zheng did not major in the Law of Ice, he cultivated all of his origin laws at the same time. Even if the icicles driven by the Primal Chaos Qi did not contain other profundities, their power was definitely not ordinary!
However, the little flame kitten did not dodge and directly crashed into the seemingly soft body …
Before the icicles could pierce into the flaming kitten's body, they turned into water vapor in the air and dissipated in the dry cave in the blink of an eye!
The little flame kitten's temper was clearly very irritable. After the icicles dissipated, the little flame kitten's momentum did not weaken in the slightest. The flames on its body burned brighter and brighter as it rushed towards the culprit, Luo Zheng!
"Retreat!"
Because he had already made arrangements, Luo Zheng calmly began to retreat in an orderly manner.
After the little flame kitten rushed ashore, it rapidly grew from the size of an ordinary kitten to the size of a leopard. How was this a fire kitten? It was a fire leopard!
Seeing this scene in the distance, Ji Nan raised her eyebrows slightly and waved her finger. The Builder Wood on the ground began to sway and the Builder Wood began to grow again. The Frost Cage she condensed with the Builder Wood was too small. Seeing the size of the flame kitten skyrocketing, she quickly adjusted the size of the Frost Cage.
"Meow!"
The little flame kitten chased Luo Zheng all the way from behind.
The speed of the man and the kitten was extremely fast!
The distance of ten zhang was covered in an instant. Luo Zheng's figure quickly swept past the Frost Cage formed by the Builder Wood!
"Now!"

Chapter 1270
The ice cage formed by the Builder Wood opened, and like a monster opening its mouth, it enveloped the flaming kitten!
Luo Zheng also turned around abruptly!
Everyone stared at the ice cage nervously.
"Meow!"
The flaming kitten let out a shrill cry and struggled in the cage, trying to break free!
At this moment, Ji Nan's expression was extremely solemn.
The Builder Wood had merged with her. She constantly urged the Builder Wood to seal the kitten, and at the same time, she had to supply her true essence to turn it into ice in order to weaken the power of the Law of Fire on the flaming kitten …
The Five Elements promoted and restrained each other, and fire restrained wood. However, the Builder Wood was extremely special and did not fear fire.
However, this flaming kitten was a lifeform of the Law born in this magma. It was also extremely fierce, and with Ji Nan's strength, it was extremely difficult to imprison it.
"Meow!"
Under the flaming kitten's attack, the ice cage constantly changed shape. However, the Builder Wood was still the Builder Wood, the legendary Divine Wood of Heaven and Earth. Although only a section was taken, its toughness also contained divine power. No matter how the cage changed shape, it would not break!
However, the pressure it brought to Ji Nan was also increasing. At this moment, there was no trace of blood on her face. It was completely pale, giving her a strange sense of beauty.
However, the flaming kitten was still abnormally fierce, and the extent of its struggle was also increasing!
With a flip of her hand, Ji Nan took out a piece of Zhen Yuanyu, crushed it, and quickly absorbed it. In a short period of time, most of the true essence in her body had been consumed.
The amount of True Essence required to restrain this little flame kitten was even more than the amount of True Essence required to fight a large battle.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and waved it. The chaotic energy in his body was drawn out, and from his hand, a vigorous cold energy spread out and sprayed towards the flaming kitten in the cage!
In addition to Luo Zheng, the warriors who had mainly cultivated the Law of Ice also did the same, assisting Ji Nan in subduing the flaming kitten …
"Huff … huff …"
Under the constant suppression of the cold air by the crowd, the fire kitten's movements became smaller and smaller. Its originally shrill cries gradually became softer and softer. The flames on its body were also dissipating at a visible rate. The fur that was formed by the flames also dimmed.
Not long after, the flaming kitten finally stopped struggling and lay down obediently in the ice cage.
"Shh …"
Ji Nan let out a deep breath and reached out to wipe the sweat off her forehead. Imprisoning this little flame kitten was still too difficult for her. If it weren't for the other martial artists suppressing it together, she was afraid that even the Builder Wood's cage would have been broken by it!
"You really caught that thing. You are all crazy." In the distance, Azure Demon stared blankly at the little flame cat in the ice cage. He seemed to be scared out of his wits. While everyone was suppressing the little flame cat, he was hiding far away.
However, Azure Demon was a Body Refinement Martial Artist. He originally could not help much.
Ji Nan slowly walked to the side of the ice cage. She stood a little closer as her pretty eyes stared at the little flame kitten.
At this moment, the little flame kitten looked like it was on the verge of death. Its cat eyes looked very pitiful.
"This little guy is really pitiful." Ji Nan shook her head. She could not bear to see it like this.
"This Illusory Battlefield was originally constructed directly by the Heavenly Dao. Everything in it is just a projection of the Heavenly Dao. Everything here is just an illusion. When the Illusory Battlefield dissipates, it will naturally dissipate as well. It is not pitiful," Jin Hai retorted.
His argument was reasonable. The Illusory Battlefield and the Illusory Space worked on the same principle. These creatures might not be real.
"Meow …"
At this moment, the little flame kitten meowed weakly again.
How could Ji Nan not understand this principle? However, women were more compassionate after all.
If they wanted to pass through this magma lake, they could only wrong this little guy.
"The next step is to use this little flame kitten to lure the Lava Giant over." Luo Zheng asked, "But how do we send this cat over?"
The Lava Giant was a distance away from them. If they directly threw the cat over for the Lava Giant to eat, it would be meaningless. The key was to lure the Lava Giant over.
In fact, they had caught the little flame kitten. However, they were not sure if it would really be effective. What they were doing now was just a test to pass through this magma lake.
"This, leave it to me." Ji Nan stared at the little kitten with a complicated expression. She reached out and grabbed the end of the Creation Wood. She lifted the ice cage and said emotionally, "Little kitten, I just want to borrow you. If you can't lure the Lava Giant over, I will definitely put you back into this magma lake …"
After saying that, Ji Nan reached out and shook her hand gently!
This Creation Wood was in line with her thoughts. It could be long or short.
She grabbed the end of the Creation Wood. The middle section began to extend rapidly. Hanging on the ice cage, it stretched out and extended into the distance!
One thousand feet …
Two thousand feet …
Three thousand feet …
Four thousand feet …
Five thousand feet …
The ice cage imprisoning the little flame kitten was getting closer and closer to the Lava Giant.
Ji Nan was like flying a kite. Holding the Creation Wood in her hand, she lifted the ice cage higher and higher. Finally, it reached the front of the Lava Giant.
However, the ice cage kept shaking in front of the Lava Giant, but the Lava Giant turned a blind eye to it!
Seeing this scene, the faces of Luo Zheng and the others sank slightly.
If they couldn't lure the Lava Giant, they really didn't have a good way to pass through this magma lake.
"Shake again …"
Ji Nan's hand shook slightly. This shake was transmitted to the ice cage at the top of the Creation Wood. The ice cage swayed left and right.
"Meow." At this moment, the little flame kitten let out a soft cry.
"Boom …"
Just as the little flame kitten let out a cry, the mountain-like Lava Giant opened its eyes made of stone.
When it saw the little flame kitten in front of it, it suddenly opened its huge mouth and bit the little flame kitten!
"Withdraw!"
"Whoosh!"
Ji Nan secretly swore in her heart that she would not let the little flame kitten be swallowed by the Lava Giant. With a light shake of her wrist, the Creation Wood began to quickly retract.
"Woo …"
The Lava Giant's huge body slowly turned around and let out a strange cry!
It waved its huge arm and grabbed at the ice cage that was retracting along with the Builder Tree. However, Ji Nan's Builder Tree was retracting at an extremely fast speed, and the lava giant grabbed nothing but air!
"Woo … Woo …"
The Lava Giant let out a low roar. It lifted one of its legs and took a step forward!
"Boom …"
A series of heavy footsteps could be heard, and the entire cavern shook!
The moment the Lava Giant lifted its leg, the magma gathered under its feet and formed a whirlpool. When it took a step forward, the magma was pushed aside, forming circles of magma waves that suddenly spread out.
This magma was different from ordinary magma. The magma in the mouth of an ordinary volcano was a dark red magma formed after sand and stones were burned and melted. It was more viscous.
But in this magma lake, the Earth and Fire Laws contained in the burning and melting sand and stones had reached the pinnacle. This red magma was like clear water and was not viscous. Therefore, the magma waves spread at an extremely fast speed!
"Retreat!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng and the others began to quickly retreat.
No one was willing to be covered by the magma waves. Even Luo Zheng was very vigilant.
If this magma could temper his body and bring him closer to the next level, it would be fine. But in this situation, he would not rashly accept the baptism of the flames!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, and the others began to rapidly retreat. Ji Nan was naturally no exception. She took back the little flame kitten and also retreated.
However, the Lava Giant's body was huge. It seemed to move very slowly, but in fact, its movement speed was absolutely not low. It took two steps and covered a distance of ten thousand feet.
At the same time, its huge arm swung several hundred feet and directly smashed towards the little flame kitten in the ice cage!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1271
This lava giant's fist was the size of a palace.
Even Cang Mo, who was ten feet tall, was incomparably tiny in comparison to this enormous fist!
The lava giant's fist contained a strength that gave off an intense oppressive feeling. Perhaps as long as one was lightly pressed against by this fist they would be crushed to pieces. Even Luo Zheng's divine artifact body was no exception!
This sort of high level life form of the Laws was enough to contend with a Divine Transformation realm martial artist or even a World Master …
For it to be placed in the fourth Karma Hall proved just how terrifyingly difficult it was.
But it was also because of this that everyone wanted to conquer this fourth Karma Hall even more. With such difficulty, the rewards for passing through it would likely be extraordinary!
Everyone's only hope of passing through this Karma Hall was that this lava giant's intelligence was relatively low. If this lava giant had the intelligence of a normal adult, then let alone the seven of them, even if there were 70 or 700 of them they still wouldn't be able to pass through this Karma Hall.
Even so, their actions were crazy and risky to the extreme!
Riches and honor were sought in the midst of danger. After all, there was no true death in the Dream Battlefield. This could be considered a great gamble!
Bang, rumble rumble …
As this fist came crashing down, the ground seemed to cause a magnitude 10 earthquake, as if it were surging in waves!
It wasn't just the ground that shook. The entire cave, the entire Karma Hall, and even the entire mountain began to shake …
"What a formidable strength. Even if I fully open my dragon scales, I fear I will still be far inferior to this lava giant …"
Luo Zheng's confidence in his own strength came from Qinglong. But, he still hadn't fully opened the strength of his dragon scales. Moreover, the lava giant in the Karma Hall was able to contend with a World Master, and its pure strength far surpassed a World Master.
It was also because of the constraints of the Heavenly Dao rules that although the cave was violently shaking, it didn't collapse.
As for the flame kitten, at the critical moment, Ji Nan suddenly pulled the Creation Wood back to her side. She placed one hand on top of the ice cage. She could feel the flame kitten trembling in her cage!
Without any hesitation, Ji Nan rapidly retreated. Her feet crisscrossed as she retreated, her soft waist twisting like a snake. Her toes flashed with a green light. After this light flashed, green grass began to rapidly grow, leaving behind a bright green path on the ground.
This was the Ji Family's unique "Spirit Deer Erratic Steps"!
However, the group wasn't trying to avoid the Lava Giant. They had spent so much effort to lure the Lava Giant over. Their goal was to use the Lava Giant to pass through the lava lake.
"Go, you only have one chance. Jump up along its arm!"
Whether it was Jin Hai, Phantom, or the others, they couldn't help but feel timid and slightly hesitant in their hearts.
However, Luo Zheng roared and took the lead. His body drew an arc in the air as he climbed onto the arm of the lava giant!
As soon as Luo Zheng stood on the Lava Giant's arm, he felt a strong burning sensation coming from his feet. However, the Lava Giant's flames were hidden inside its body, so they wouldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
Following closely behind, Phantom, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the other two warriors protected their bodies with True Essence and jumped onto the top of the fist. Then, they increased their speed and rushed up the arm!
"Hey … hey … you guys, wait for me!"
Cang Mo was staring at the huge fist in a daze. Seeing that there was no one around him, he recovered from his daze and realized that if he didn't keep up, he would be abandoned here. The Vital Essence in his body suddenly erupted at this moment. How could his huge body slow down in the slightest?
In fact, Cang Mo's strength wasn't bad. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to accumulate five million fantasy points. However, compared to Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and Phantom, he was slightly weaker.
Under the eruption of his Vital Essence, his speed increased sharply. In the blink of an eye, he rushed behind Jin Hai …
These seven people were like seven small ants, running on the Lava Giant's body!
"Ji Nan! Give me that Frost Cage! " Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he leaned on Ji Nan's side. He reached out to grab the Frost Cage.
Although everyone climbed onto the Lava Giant's body, the Lava Giant didn't have much interest in external objects. Even when Luo Zheng shot at it with his longbow, the Lava Giant didn't respond. Its only target was the flaming kitten. Luo Zheng wanted to take the initiative to take on the heavy responsibility of seducing the Lava Giant.
Unexpectedly, just as Luo Zheng reached out his hand, Ji Nan took back the Frost Cage. "Let me do it. Only I can control this Jianmu. Don't worry … I can handle it!" She turned her face sideways and smiled at Luo Zheng.
"Then you … be careful!" As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, he heard the Lava Giant make a low growl again. The Lava Giant raised its other arm, which was its left hand, and slapped toward the right shoulder!
Seeing the Lava Giant's left hand suddenly slapping toward them, the seven people's speed became even faster toward the Lava Giant's shoulder!
At first, everyone was running on the Lava Giant's arm, which was equivalent to running on a very gentle "hillside". Because of the Lava Giant's previous punch, its huge right arm was almost flat. However, as the Lava Giant slowly stood up, its arm also gradually became vertical. The angle of the "hillside" suddenly increased, almost becoming a vertical 90-degree cliff. Below the cliff was the irresistible lava!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Fortunately, the Lava Giant's body wasn't smooth. Even on its right arm, there were countless protrusions. Everyone stepped on those protrusions and continued to jump!
The Lava Giant's huge left hand slapped toward Ji Nan. The range of this huge palm was enough to cover the seven people together.
"Jump!"
Ji Nan lifted the Frost Cage and let out a shout. Her nimble figure abruptly rose to a height of ten zhang and leaped onto the Lava Giant's shoulder!
Then, Luo Zheng, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, and the others …
"Jump!"
The last one, Cang Mo, also roared. Two balls of black vital essence suddenly burst out from under his feet, and he almost flew into the air!
However, it was impossible to fly in the Karma Hall. He only used the impact of the explosion of vital essence to throw his burly body high up into the air. In the end, he fell head first onto the Lava Giant's broad shoulder!
"Plop …"
Cang Mo's head fell into a crack on the Lava Giant's shoulder. When his head entered, it was burned by the flames in the crack. He howled in pain and quickly pulled his head out of the crack. A large portion of his brown whip-like hair was already charred!
"Boom!"
At the same time, the Lava Giant's left hand slapped the top of its right arm. Under this huge force, countless stone chips fell from its right arm. Some of the stone chips were squeezed by the huge force and shot out like hidden weapons, making sharp whistling sounds in the air …
"Drip drip drip …"
Most of the stone chips fell into the lava below!
"Go, let's continue forward!"
At this moment, the group did not stop. Their plan was to use the Lava Giant as a bridge to help them cross the lava lake.
The Lava Giant's slap did not hit Ji Nan. Its huge head twisted, opened its mouth, and bit at the group on its shoulder. It wanted to swallow them all in one bite. Or rather, it only wanted to swallow one target, and that was the flaming kitten in Ji Nan's hand!
"Ao …"
The Lava Giant opened its mouth, which was hundreds of feet wide and high. It was a bottomless giant cave. Looking inside the mouth, they could see the light of the fire refracting from the Lava Giant's throat. The Lava Giant's stomach must be filled with lava and flames!
"Everyone, jump up again. Don't be swallowed by it!"
Seeing that the big mouth was about to swallow them, Luo Zheng took the lead and jumped up onto the Lava Giant's head.
As for Ji Nan, she stuck the end of the Builder Wood in her hand into the ground. The Builder Wood began to grow rapidly, and its whole body began to elongate rapidly.

Chapter 1272
"Meow …"
The flame kitten whimpered pitifully in the ice cage.
"Don't be afraid, this big guy can't eat you!"
Ji Nan stood on the head of the lava giant and even took the time to comfort the flame kitten!
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
Soon, Phantom and Jin Hai also jumped on the head of the lava giant.
"Don't eat me!"
Cang Mo roared. He also flipped over and jumped towards the Lava Giant's head.
At this moment, the lava giant suddenly roared, and a strong suction force burst out from its big mouth!
There were two warriors on its shoulder, one from the Night Clan, Dark Thoughts, and the other from the Human Clan, Li Ran …
Before they could jump, they were pulled toward the mouth by the powerful suction force!
"Ah ah ah …"
The Human Clan warrior, Li Ran, tried his best to jump but was unable to escape the suction force. He let out a series of frightened cries as his whole body was pulled into the lava giant's throat.
As for the Night Clan warrior, Dark Thoughts, he didn't jump high at this moment. Instead, he rolled on the lava giant's shoulder and rolled under the lava giant's head, where the neck was, avoiding this disaster!
"Another one has fallen!"
When they entered the fourth Karma Hall, they still had seven people, but now they had lost another one, leaving only six people!
As Ji Nan said, the more people there were in the Karma Hall, the better. Only by cooperating with each other could they increase their chances of passing, but death was unavoidable.
The Night Clan warrior vigilantly rolled onto the lava giant's neck and quickly climbed up from the left side of the lava giant's face, joining Luo Zheng and the others.
"Wu …"
The lava giant twisted its head, but the terrain above its head was open. Even if it was slanted, it was difficult to get the warriors on top of it down.
"What do we do now …" Cang Mo asked hurriedly.
The terrain above the lava giant's head was open, but it was definitely not a place where one could sit back and relax. Its arms had already begun to wave, and it was likely that its two giant hands were about to slap down on the top of its head.
Luo Zheng looked into the distance, his mind spinning rapidly …
There was more than one Lava Giant in the lava lake. From this angle, there were more than ten Lava Giants scattered side by side in the lava lake.
According to Luo Zheng's previous plan, he would use the flaming kitten to lure the Lava Giants over one by one. Then, he would treat them as a bridge, and everyone would cross the bridge …
But now, it seemed that this plan was still too difficult.
If it wasn't careful, it would be swatted to death by the Lava Giant like a mosquito!
"Let's go. The giant is coming," Phantom said softly, staring at the trajectory of the giant's arm.
Although the Lava Giant's movements were slow, that was only from a large-scale observation, but its absolute speed was definitely not slow. Just like how the Lava Giant's running speed seemed very slow, but with the speed of Luo Zheng and the others, it was absolutely impossible for them to outrun it. If they really waited for the Lava Giant's two giant hands to reach them, it would be too late for them to dodge.
"Throw this little flame kitten … out!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed with a bright light!
"What?" Ji Nan didn't understand.
"Extend the Builder Tree … Extend it as far as possible and throw it out like fishing!" Luo Zheng didn't explain. He didn't know whether his idea was useful or not, but right now, they had to take it one step at a time.
Ji Nan nodded, and the Builder Tree in her hand suddenly extended, pushing the Frost Cage at the top of the Builder Tree out.
Seeing this, Jin Hai was the first to understand …
The Lava Giant's intelligence was low. Ji Nan's extension of the Builder Tree was equivalent to throwing the little flame kitten in front of the Lava Giant!
The Lava Giant originally wanted to reach out and grab the little flame kitten, but when it saw the little flame kitten suddenly appear in front of it, it changed the direction of its arms and tried to grab the kitten …
"Make it a little longer!"
"Okay!"
It wasn't difficult to understand. At this moment, Ji Nan also knew Luo Zheng's plan.
In order to make the donkey hurry, the coachman hung a carrot in front of the donkey. The donkey wanted to eat the carrot, but it couldn't bite it in the end. So, the donkey chased all the way forward, pulling the carriage forward.
This was a very ancient method.
Although the Lava Giant was powerful and undefeatable, the key point was that its intelligence wasn't high. Perhaps this method would be effective?
"Bang!"
The Lava Giant clapped its hands together, but it couldn't catch the little flame kitten in front of it. Ji Nan raised the Builder Tree in her hand high, as if she was raising a fishing rod. At this moment, the Builder Tree had already extended six to seven hundred feet, hanging far in front of the Lava Giant. In the end, this distance was longer than the Lava Giant's hands. No matter how it stretched out its hands, it wasn't long enough to catch the little flame kitten!
"Wu wu …"
The Lava Giant didn't know how to pull the thin Builder Tree. It reached out and tried to catch the little flame kitten, but it found that its arms weren't long enough, so it took a step forward.
"Dong …"
When the Lava Giant took a step forward, Luo Zheng, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, and the others looked at each other with joy on their faces.
He had actually succeeded by accident!
"This guy … is really stupid," Ji Nan said with a smile. She held the slender Builder Tree tightly in her hand and stared at the pitiful little flame kitten hanging in the air in the distance. She said with a smile, "I can only wrong you for now!"
"Meow!"
The little flame kitten was terrified. It could only see the Lava Giant walking towards it, but it couldn't close the distance between the two.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
The Lava Giant took a step forward in the magma lake. With every step it took, the magma would set off waves. Deep in the magma lake, everyone felt the temperature rise sharply!
Everyone treated the Lava Giant as a free vehicle and slowly moved forward in the magma lake.
"I really overestimated the Lava Giant's intelligence …"
At this moment, Ji Nan could even control the direction of the Lava Giant. As long as she turned the Builder Tree in her hand, the Lava Giant would also change its direction. It seemed that only the little flame kitten existed in its eyes.
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the Lava Giants. At this moment, he said, "These Lava Giants are arranged in a row and distributed equally. Perhaps the way to pass through the magma lake is to use these Lava Giants as a bridge … Perhaps we took advantage of a loophole and took a shortcut."
No one could force their way through the Karma Hall. If they wanted to pass through the hall, they could only make full use of the rules inside.
But now, they used such an easy method. Perhaps this was an oversight in the layout of the Karma Hall!
"Dong, dong …"
Under the attraction of the little flame kitten, the Lava Giant carried them all the way to the center of the magma lake. At this speed, it wouldn't take long for them to pass through the magma lake. However, they didn't know if they would completely pass through the fourth Karma Hall after passing through the magma lake.
"Wu, wu …"
Originally, everyone thought that they could sit back and relax, but the situation changed again!
Previously, when they passed by the other Lava Giants, those Lava Giants didn't react at all. However, at this moment, another Lava Giant seemed to have discovered the little flame kitten in the air and actually walked over with its legs!
"What's going on!" Luo Zheng was shocked. They only needed to attract one Lava Giant. Attracting two would only be a big problem.
"I don't know. I'm afraid that the Lava Giant also saw my little flame kitten …" Ji Nan said with a frown as she held onto the Builder Tree.
"There are many of these things in this magma lake. Let's find something else!" Jin Hai said with a sullen face.
However, if the Lava Giants had such intelligence, they probably wouldn't be tricked like this. After discovering the little flame kitten, these Lava Giants would take the initiative to capture it and swallow it. From a certain point of view, this was the rule of the Karma Hall.
The other Lava Giant took a step forward and directly pounced on the little flame kitten hanging in the air!
However, this Lava Giant's actions angered the Lava Giant under Luo Zheng's group. The Lava Giant no longer chased after the little flame kitten. Instead, it waved its huge fists and bombarded the other party …
The noise caused by such a huge fight wasn't small. It was like two huge mountains fiercely colliding together.
"Everyone get down!"
"Boom!"
Under this huge shock, Luo Zheng and the others also got down on the Lava Giant's head at the same time. They grabbed onto some protruding stone pillars or cracks above their heads and firmly fixed their bodies to prevent themselves from being thrown out by the violent shock.

Chapter 1273
These two behemoths fought hand-to-hand on the magma lake in order to compete for the flaming kitten.
Under the pure contest of strength, the power that erupted was also astonishing!
"Boom!"
The fist of one Lava Giant smashed directly on the chest of the other Lava Giant!
When such behemoths collided, the recoil force transmitted by this huge force was very terrifying. Everyone was like little insects climbing on the heads of the giants …
Azure Demon's hands were firmly gripped in a crack in the stone. Even though the scorching power of the fire in the crack was boiling hot, he wanted nothing more than to squeeze his entire body into the crack … It was better than being thrown down.
As for Jin Hai and Huan Ling, they each hugged a stone pillar, firmly fixed on it.
However, Ji Nan was holding the slender Builder Wood with one hand. She wanted to avoid the flaming kitten being involved in the fight between the two giants, so she could only use one hand to stabilize herself!
This sudden jolt caused her to lose her balance. After grabbing onto nothing, she was thrown up and flung backwards!
"Ah!"
Ji Nan's eyes showed a look of horror, and her other hand was still holding on to the Builder Wood!
The faces of Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others all sank!
At this moment, Luo Zheng slid down the top of the Lava Giant's head. His figure suddenly flashed, and he grabbed Ji Nan's arm. At the same time, he punched downwards!
The power that erupted from his fist was also the power of 20,000 dragon scales!
He directly nailed his fist into the top of the Lava Giant's head, firmly fixing himself, while his other hand held on to Ji Nan tightly.
Luo Zheng's punch did not cause much damage to the Lava Giant itself. After all, the Lava Giant was so huge that Luo Zheng's punch was like a mosquito bite.
"That was close," Ji Nan also breathed a sigh of relief, her chest heaving up and down. She was held by Luo Zheng with one hand, and the other hand was still holding the Frost Cage high. She did not want this flaming kitten to die because of her …
"But the situation doesn't seem good." Luo Zheng, who was crawling on the ground, stared at the fierce battle between the two behemoths.
Previously, he was indeed a little proud, but he did not expect that Ji Nan's actions would attract other Lava Giants …
Now that the two behemoths were fighting, Luo Zheng's group was probably the most miserable one.
They were still too insignificant in this lava lake. Now, they could only place their hopes on the lava giant under their feet and hope that it would not be defeated.
If this guy was defeated and fell into the lava lake, Luo Zheng and the others would be completely annihilated!
"Boom!"
Boom!
"Bang!"
A series of loud, muffled sounds reverberated in this spacious and huge cave.
Although the fourth Karma Hall was massive, it wasn't big enough to contain such a large cavern. However, the fourth Karma Hall was built against a mountain. Perhaps everyone had already entered the interior of the mountain, or perhaps it was an extension of space. In any case, the Karma Hall was constructed. As long as one's strength was strong enough, the Heavenly Dao would have the final say on how to construct it …
Boom!
Suddenly, the lava giant opposite them punched the lava giant under Luo Zheng in the face!
Along with the violent tremors, the lava giant staggered backward. Everyone on top of its head swayed continuously as if they were sitting on a boat.
Huge waves were set off in the magma lake, and flames spread out in all directions from the surging magma!
"Don't fall! Don't fall! Don't fall … "
Azure Demon's voice was almost sobbing as he prayed.
The lava giant was already leaning backward at a sixty-degree angle. Once it fell, everyone would fall into the lava!
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
After staggering a few steps, the lava giant finally fell down!
Everyone saw the lava rapidly approaching them. Or rather, the lava giant was falling backward at an extremely fast speed!
Ten thousand feet …
Five thousand feet …
Three thousand feet …
One thousand feet …
Five hundred feet …
Seeing that the lava giant's head was about to fall into the lava, everyone's faces were filled with despair.
If this continued, their trip to the Karma Hall would come to an end!
Although everyone had already earned more than five million fantasy points, if they died now, the fantasy points they would lose would be even more. …
It was only ten feet away!
The lava had already covered the surface of the lava giant's body!
Boom!
At this moment, the lava giant used its hands to support itself in the lava lake, stopping its falling momentum. Although its body had already sunk into the lava lake, its head did not fall in!
Jin Hai and the rest wiped the sweat off their foreheads. They had just escaped a calamity.
The lava giant used its arms to support itself, flipped over, and started attacking the lava giant opposite it!
However …
At this moment, everyone, including Luo Zheng, wanted to curse at the same time!
Because this fellow was actually using its head to hit the lava giant!
If it were any other time, they would probably praise this guy for using his head to headbutt his opponent. But now, everyone was climbing on top of this guy's head. If he were to headbutt his opponent, under the pressure of everyone, not even a speck of dust would be left!
"Quickly get away from this fellow's head!"
Luo Zheng pulled out his fist, kicked hard on a stone pillar, and rushed up. He was still holding onto Ji Nan with one hand. After all, she had to control the Builder Wood in her hand, and Luo Zheng could not abandon her.
Everyone quickly retreated and climbed from the lava giant's head to the back of its head. This place was safe for the time being.
However, if this fellow used its head to hit the lava giant, there would be a huge earthquake in a while. After everyone rushed up, they each looked for a place to settle down …
Boom!
This lava giant used its head to hit the lava giant. It was a good decision!
At the very least, the lava giant on the opposite side was directly lying on its back in the lava lake after being hit by the lava giant.
"That was close!" The Phantom, who had always been quiet, could not help but sigh.
Everyone was risking their lives on this lava giant. If they were not careful, they might really die like a bug.
Now that the lava giant had defeated its opponent, Luo Zheng immediately brought Ji Nan back to the top of its head. She once again threw out the strangely long Builder Wood, swinging it back and forth in front of the lava giant!
"Meow …"
As for the flame kitten, it was still full of innocence. It really did not know what had happened …
After the lava giant discovered the flame kitten, it returned to the right track and began to chase after the flame kitten. It once again carried everyone slowly forward in the lava lake.
This time, Ji Nan had learned her lesson. She controlled the Builder Wood to hide as much as possible. At least, she did not want to attract the lava giants on the other side of the lava lake. If they fought again, they might not be able to escape!
Soon after …
Everyone finally saw the other side of the lava lake!
Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, and the others showed joy on each other's faces. They had passed the fourth Karma Hall that could not be crossed just like that?
The corners of Ji Nan's mouth also curled up slightly. In any case, the Builder Wood in her hand had made a great contribution in the fourth Karma Hall. Although this piece of Builder Wood was only used by her as a fishing rod …
However, at this moment, everyone heard dull footsteps behind them again!
Thump, thump, thump …
After the sound was transmitted, everyone looked back.
The lava giant that had fallen in the lava lake before was now flying toward them at an extremely fast speed!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1274
At this moment, they were very close to the other side of the lava lake. However, the lava giant that had just been knocked down was chasing them again!
The speed of the Lava Giant wasn't slow at all. If they collided, the Lava Giant would definitely roll in the lava.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
The lava giant's running footsteps seemed to be stepping on everyone's hearts!
Seeing this, Jin Hai suddenly raised the Buddha Sun Blade in his hand. After straightening it, he placed the tip of the blade parallel to his eyes and looked at the shore not far away. He was measuring the distance between here and the shore.
After a short while, Jin Hai revealed a bitter smile.
"Only six thousand feet. I … can't jump over."
When warriors reached the later stages of cultivation, they could fly!
However, it was impossible to fly in the Karma Hall. Although they couldn't fly, it didn't mean they couldn't jump. The jumping ability of a Divine Sea Realm warrior was amazing.
With one jump, they could jump a distance of six thousand feet. Moreover, they were standing on top of the lava giant's head. There was still a height difference.
However, it would be extremely difficult for him to cross the distance of six thousand feet with his own jumping ability.
Moreover, they only had one chance. If they fell into the lava, they would be eliminated …
"Cang Mo, can you jump over?" the Night Clan warrior asked secretly.
The Demon Clan warriors mainly cultivated the Body Refining Technique. The explosive force of vital essence was much stronger. With the explosive force of vital essence, Cang Mo could jump a lot further than ordinary warriors.
Cang Mo looked at the other side and revealed a bitter expression. "How can I jump over?!"
Everyone was also worried. They had already reached the end of the lava lake. In the end, all their efforts would be in vain? No one would be willing to accept this!
"Three thousand feet … can you all jump over?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Jin Hai's sharp eyes flickered. "Three thousand feet should be the limit."
"I can," Phantom answered simply.
Ji Nan nodded slightly. "If you try your best, it won't be a problem … but why are you asking this?"
Luo Zheng looked back at the lava giant that was rushing over. He didn't have time to explain. He just said, "Jump to the left later!"
With that, Luo Zheng quickly walked to the lava giant's head and squatted down!
At the same time, he began to continuously extract the power of the dragon scales!
This time, Luo Zheng poured the power of the dragon scale into his legs …
A distance of six thousand feet might be difficult for other martial artists to cross, but for Luo Zheng, it wasn't too difficult!
"He … is going to jump over directly!"
"Are you crazy? It's so far! "
"Don't forget his strength …" Ji Nan said faintly.
After passing through the second Karma Hall, Luo Zheng obtained ten million Fantasy Points just by relying on his strength.
When his pure strength erupted, it was even several times stronger than the trump cards of many geniuses!
If he were to use this power to propel himself forward, a distance of six thousand feet would not be too difficult.
But was Luo Zheng the only one who passed?
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others had complicated expressions on their faces.
They formed a temporary team and wandered around the Karma Hall. In the end, only Luo Zheng could leave. Naturally, they felt somewhat disappointed.
But what did Luo Zheng mean? He wanted them to jump to the left?
While everyone's thoughts were running wild, Luo Zheng stepped on the Lava Giant's head. His entire body suddenly stretched out!
The enormous power poured into his legs directly left two deep footprints on the Lava Giant's head. His entire body was like an arrow leaving the bow, shooting forward!
When Luo Zheng flew through the air, a small spinning mountain appeared in his hand! This was the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain that Luo Zheng had refined.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng suddenly threw the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain into the lava lake not far away.
What seemed like a careless move was, in fact, a precise calculation!
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was unshakable and could withstand the flames of the lava!
And the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could be used as a foothold for them to pass through the lava …
"Huff … Huff …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already crossed six thousand feet and steadily landed on the shore!
"Luo Tianxing has already passed!"
"We … I'm afraid we're all going to die here!"
"That guy!"
Ji Nan's face revealed a resentful expression. In any case, they had traveled together, but at the critical moment, he had abandoned her …
"Dong! Dong! Dong … "
The other Lava Giant was not far away at this moment. From the looks of it, it planned to directly use its huge body to crash over. Combined with the impact of its flying speed, this force was probably unimaginably huge!
At this moment, Luo Zheng, who had already reached the shore, suddenly raised a hand!
Everyone was slightly taken aback when they saw his inexplicable actions.
"What does he mean by this …"
"Plop, plop …"
A large number of lava bubbles began to emerge from the lava lake!
It seemed that something in the lava lake was about to rise, and a large amount of lava was pushed to the sides.
Not long after, everyone saw a mountain peak emerging from the lava lake, and that "mountain peak" was still constantly growing!
Luo Zheng had just thrown the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain into the lava lake. At this moment, he was controlling the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to constantly grow and restore its original size!
Soon, a Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain appeared in front of everyone!
"Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!"
Ji Nan's originally disappointed face suddenly glowed with color.
"This … this looks like the small mountain that Luo Tianxing was playing with before!"
"How can it become so big!"
Jin Hai, Azure Demon, and the others also gaped, staring at the constantly growing Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Since they couldn't jump such a long distance, they could use the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain as a foothold and jump a second time!
"Hurry and jump!"
Luo Zheng stood on the shore, shouting at Ji Nan and the others.
"I, I, I'll jump!"
The first to react was the demon race martial artist Azure Demon.
He was already terrified to the extreme, but after his astral essence erupted, his massive body was like an elephant. He leapt high into the air, drawing a parabola in the air before smashing into the Divine Essensefused Mountain!
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, Azure Demon stood firmly on the mountainside of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. At the same time, he didn't forget to rub his chest, a look of lingering fear on his face.
Jin Hai's expression was calm. He took two steps back from the giant's head and then jumped up!
With this jump, he was like a great roc spreading its wings. He glided through the air, crossing the distance of 3000 feet in an instant!
Besides Jin Hai, Phantom and Darksider also jumped up at the same time … although they couldn't fly, some basic movement techniques were still effective. At the very least, they could jump a greater distance in the air.
Seeing this scene, Ji Nan gently put away the piece of Builder Wood in her hand. The frost cage at the top of the Builder Wood quickly melted away, and the branches that were originally growing out also began to rapidly shrink and disappear. The Builder Wood finally turned into a section that was the length of an arm and quickly drilled into her palm.
After the ice cage was broken, the flame kitten that had been imprisoned for a long time regained its freedom.
"Meow!"
The flame kitten seemed to be frightened, but it didn't run away. Instead, it shivered where it was.
"Hurry and jump into the magma. It's not safe here," Ji Nan said to the flame kitten.
However, the flame kitten remained where it was, looking at Ji Nan with a pitiful expression.
Ji Nan frowned slightly and reached out to grab the flame kitten …
The flame kitten was a life form born of the Laws of Fire. It was a mass of flames, and touching it would definitely cause one to be burned.
However, the flame kitten had been imprisoned in the ice cage for so long. In addition, Luo Zheng and the others had sprayed cold air at it. At this moment, its body was dim and lightless. Ji Nan reached out and had True Essence protecting her body, so she only felt a slight burn.
"Hurry and go!"
Ji Nan picked up the flame kitten and threw it over the lava giant's head.
The magma was a fatal existence for martial artists, but it was the flame kitten's habitat …
"Hurry and jump! Ji Nan! "
"It's too late, hurry and leave!"
Hearing their voices, Ji Nan nodded. After drawing out a strand of True Essence, she jumped. Like a nimble skylark, she suddenly fluttered in the air.
"Whoosh …"

Chapter 1275
Just as Ji Nan's feet left the top of the lava giant's head, the two lava giants collided without any suspense!
"Boom …"
Accompanied by a huge muffled sound, Ji Nan had already floated over and stood firmly on the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng also breathed a sigh of relief.
Ji Nan was not in a hurry just now, and even calmly released the flame kitten, which made them anxious to death …
If it had been one or two breaths later, Ji Nan wouldn't have been able to jump even if she wanted to!
"Run to the top of the mountain!"
Ji Nan had just steadied herself when Luo Zheng's voice came again.
At the same time, the two lava giants, under the fierce impact, fell into the magma lake!
As their huge bodies fell, the magma in the lake was expelled in all directions, forming a wave of magma hundreds of feet high that spread out in all directions!
"Go up!"
"Hurry, hurry …"
Azure Demon was the first to rush up, followed by Golden Sea Phantom and the others.
The crisis was not over yet. If the magma wave could cover the Divine Essencefused Mountain, they would have no place to hide …
However, in this crisis, Azure Demon was the most alert. He was like a huge apeman, constantly erupting with astral essence as he quickly rushed to the top of the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Then, with another leap, he jumped more than three thousand feet and directly jumped onto the shore!
"Bang!"
As soon as he reached the shore, he fled. The magma wave spread out in all directions, not only spreading towards the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but also towards the shore.
Luo Zheng was originally standing on the shore, but at this moment, he had no choice but to retreat to avoid being covered by the magma wave.
Now, Ji Nan and the others had no chance to jump onto the shore. The magma wave had eroded a lot of space on the shore. If they jumped over, they would plunge into the magma.
They could only wait on the top of the Divine Essencefused Mountain for the magma wave to recede …
"Hualala …"
The magma wave continued to flow around the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Ji Nan and the others' faces were tense as they watched the approaching magma wave.
The four of them were already standing at the top. If the magma wave rose, they would have no place to hide!
Fifty feet …
Ten feet …
Fifty feet …
The four of them squeezed at the top of the mountain, looking down at the lava that kept surging up.
In the end, the magma spread until it was only three meters away from the peak of the mountain before it stopped spreading. The tides rose and fell, and when there was a rise, there was a fall. The magma gradually receded.
"Phew …"
Ji Nan heaved a long sigh of relief, and the others also relaxed.
When the two Lava Giants fought, the waves of lava also came one after another, but in the end, they were unable to surpass the first wave.
After the magma on the shore subsided, everyone jumped up from the mountain peak and finally reached the shore.
Then, Luo Zheng reached out and waved his hand. The Divine Magnetic Mountain slowly rotated in the magma and became smaller. In the blink of an eye, it turned from a big mountain to a mini mountain the size of a fist and returned to Luo Zheng's hand.
"Does this count as us passing the fourth Karma Hall?" Ji Nan asked with a smile.
Ji Nan was also the type of person who refused to admit defeat!
In the previous round of the Karma Hall, there were two prodigies helping. But in the end, except for those two prodigies, everyone else died in the fourth Karma Hall.
And their deaths were not due to their lack of strength!
It was because the two prodigies were not on good terms with each other. Both sides roamed and fought along the way and did not care about the lives of their companions.
Currently, with their cooperation, they had only lost four people to reach this point. This result was already quite shocking.
After passing through the magma lake, everyone planned to continue forward. According to the rules, there should be a considerable reward after passing through the Karma Hall.
However, just as they were about to leave, a flame emerged from the edge of the magma lake. Then, a flame kitten climbed up to the shore.
"Meow!"
The flame kitten meowed softly.
Luo Zheng stared at the flame kitten and found that the color of its fur was a little dim. "Hey, this flame kitten … seems to be the one you just encountered."
Ji Nan's eyes narrowed slightly as she recognized it. Although these flaming kittens looked similar, this flaming kitten had been tortured by them for a long time, so she could tell it was different.
"What does this flame kitten want to do?" Ji Nan looked at the flame kitten with a strange expression.
"Meow." After the flame kitten came ashore, it slowly crawled towards Ji Nan. It did not feel any hostility from the kitten. On the contrary, it seemed to want to get close to Ji Nan.
"You … want to go with me?" Ji Nan stared at the kitten and asked.
"Meow …"
The kitten's appearance was very cute. After hearing Ji Nan's voice, it meowed even more pitifully.
"But this Illusory Battlefield is an Illusory Realm. I'm afraid I can't take you out of the Illusory Battlefield. But this Karma Hall should be fine, right?" Ji Nan reached out to grab the flame kitten.
The flame kitten contained pure and powerful nomological power of fire. But when Ji Nan picked it up, she did not feel any burning sensation. Instead, she felt incomparably warm.
"This guy … really plans to follow you." Jin Hai's face was also full of surprise.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "The flame kittens in this lava lake are all the lava giants' food. There must be even more powerful existences in the lower layers of the lava lake. After all, the environment is harsh for them to survive here."
Ji Nan held the flame kitten in her arms with a faint smile on her face. "Then I'll take care of it for a while!"
She was going to treat this ferocious creature as a pet.
Only then did the group continue to move deeper into the cave. But before they could take two steps, they saw countless dots of light floating towards them!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Hearing the sound and seeing the red dots of light, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. "Fire wasps?"
"I knew it. This fourth Karma Hall won't be so easy to pass …" Cang Mo instinctively hid at the back of the group.
Seeing the swarm of fire wasps flying towards them, they were about to drown the group.
Luo Zheng casually flicked his finger and a wind blade swept out like a ribbon …
"Pa!"
Contrary to Luo Zheng's expectations, these fire wasps were not difficult to deal with. The wind blade slashed lightly, and one of the fire wasps exploded!
At the same time, a large ball of dreamy light exploded from the fire wasp's body!
The dreamy light rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"This …" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
Everyone's eyes met, and two words appeared in their minds at the same time. "Reward!"
Without a doubt, the large swarm of fire wasps in front of them was the reward for passing the fourth Karma Hall …
Each fire wasp contained tens of thousands of dreamy light dots. The fire wasps in front of them were densely packed, and in their eyes, they were a huge amount of dreamy light dots!
Everyone's faces were filled with excitement!
Cang Mo, who was originally hiding at the back, immediately rushed up when he saw this scene.
The others were not slow either, and they each used their own methods to kill these fire wasps!
These fire wasps were indeed the reward for passing the Karma Hall. After all, they swarmed over and did not have any intention of attacking. They simply fluttered in the air, allowing them to kill them one by one. However, the dreamy light dots they contained were not few at all. Killing one fire wasp would give them tens of thousands of dreamy light dots. If they could kill a thousand, they would receive ten million dreamy light dots.
It had to be said that the Karma Hall was very difficult, and if one was not careful, they would die. However, once they passed it, the dreamy light dots would flow like water.
With this, Luo Zheng killed more than eight hundred fire wasps and absorbed more than eight million dreamy light dots. In comparison, it was actually not as good as the second Karma Hall.
However, this was somewhat unfair. In the second Karma Hall, most of the cultivators only obtained one or two million dreamy light dots. The stronger cultivators only obtained three or four million dreamy light dots. Luo Zheng was purely an exception, which was why he obtained more than ten million dreamy light dots.
Apart from Luo Zheng, the other cultivators' gains were not bad either. Ji Nan killed more than seven hundred fire wasps, and Jin Hai and company killed an average of six hundred fire wasps …
After obtaining the reward, everyone continued forward, passing through the hall and climbing towards the mountain peak.

Chapter 1276
The plundering of Fantasy Points in the entire Illusory Battlefield had reached a climax!
Most of the top-ranked warriors already understood that the most important way to plunder Fantasy Points was to enter the Karma Hall!
However, the Karma Hall was not so easy to enter.
The first was to obtain a metal voucher.
The second was to pay five million Fantasy Points.
Be it the former or the latter, they were not conditions that ordinary warriors could achieve.
The metal voucher had to be obtained from a mystic realm in the wilderness. It was definitely not a simple matter to pass through the mystic realm.
As for five million Fantasy Points, how many people in a main city could accumulate them?
Illusory Battlefield, in a main city of a large world.
A silver door of light appeared in the center of the main city. From this door of light, nine warriors slowly walked out.
The moment these nine martial artists came out, some of the surrounding martial artists revealed looks of awe on their faces! They were clear that these were true experts!
After passing through the Karma Hall, all the warriors would be transported to a specific main city. And this main city was usually located in the center of the large world!
This rule was deliberately arranged by the Illusory Battlefield.
After all, warriors who could pass through the Karma Hall's test without dying were basically the top 50 experts in this large world.
Waves of experts would leave the Karma Hall and gather in the central main city. There was a high possibility of an even more intense collision happening …
Nine people had entered the Karma Hall at the same time, but only one person had died. This strength was simply astounding.
"Boring. I didn't expect the reward of the fifth level of the Karma Hall to be this …" A long-haired man in the lead shook his head and could not help but grumble.
"Heh, I find it interesting to bring a treasure out of the Illusory Battlefield. Some treasures are extremely heaven-defying existences!" Another bald warrior laughed. He had obtained a resurrection token in a mystic realm of the Illusory Battlefield! Those who possessed this token could be resurrected once!
He had not died in the Karma Hall, so he naturally would not use this resurrection token.
However, the entire Illusory Battlefield was just an illusion. It was just a projection constructed by the Heavenly Dao. If he did not use this resurrection token, he would not be able to bring it out of the Illusory Battlefield. It would be a waste.
He never expected that the reward of the fifth level of the Karma Hall was to be able to choose any treasure to bring out!
Naturally, he chose this resurrection token.
With this token, it was equivalent to having an extra life. This was an effect that could only be obtained by "resurrecting the will of the heavens"!
And the person with the Mandate of Heaven's Resurrection was an Empyrean!
What's more, that Celestial Venerable couldn't resurrect himself. He could only resurrect others. Other than that, there were many other restrictions …
Without a doubt, even if this bald martial artist did not win in the Illusory Battlefield, he would still have profited greatly.
Among this group of people, there was a woman who was ranked fourth, but her face was gloomy.
This woman was dressed in a plain white robe and a long white dress that dragged on the ground. She had a pale white embroidered brocade draped over her shoulders. Her beautiful face gave people a feeling of indifference and elegance.
She was Xi Youqin who had entered the Illusory Battlefield.
From the beginning to the end, Xi Youqin had never paid attention to her ranking and Fantasy points.
Although she had promised her master that she would strive for a good result in the Illusory Battlefield, she wasn't very interested in these things.
However, she had entered this place through the Purple Extreme Realm after passing through a big world. After being assigned, she directly entered the main city of the Devil Clan …
What was even more troublesome was that this main city of the Devil Clan was surrounded by six other main cities!
Those were the true battlegrounds.
And just like that, Xi Youqin left the main city in a daze and began to kill along the way …
She also didn't remember how many of those smelly fellows she had killed. Xi Youqin's goal wasn't to kill those fellows. Her goal was to find Luo Zheng.
Just leaving the main city was not a simple matter. Before figuring out the rules, she even took the initiative to give up resistance and was killed once. In the end, she discovered that she had been reborn in a main city. Depressed, she could only vent her frustrations by slaughtering.
Thus, she used her sword array alone to slaughter seven main cities of the Devil Clan!
Only now did all the Demon Race cultivators understand that this seemingly beautiful, elegant, and clean Human Race woman was a completely nightmarish character.
The final result was obvious. No one dared to leave the main city.
However, in terms of plundering Fantasy points, Xi Youqin had a natural advantage!
She used 100,000 swords to set up a ring-shaped sword array and firmly encircled a main city.
This move could practically drive all the martial artists in a main city crazy!
Ordinary experts, no matter how strong they were, couldn't truly slaughter all the martial artists in a main city.
After all, there were exits everywhere in the main city. One could escape by jumping off the city walls. With countless martial artists running together, no matter how strong one was, it was impossible to kill all of them. At most, it would be good if one could kill one percent of them.
For example, Ji Luoxue had only obtained the title of City Lord with the help of a large number of guards and subordinates of the Ji Clan. Only then did he set the rules for a main city.
However, Xi Youqin was different. Her sword array encircled a main city …
Whether powerful or not, they were all unable to leave the city. Once they left the city, they would be killed. They could only obediently stay in the main city.
In the end, those Devil Clan martial artists couldn't take it anymore. They could only come to an agreement with Xi Youqin. Each of them would be killed by her three times!
After killing her three times, this group of Devil Clan martial artists finally sent her away …
After repeating this several times, she directly charged into the top 100 of the entire Illusory Battlefield.
However, she took the initiative to let others kill her once and lost half of her Fantasy points. After that, she slowly climbed back up …
From beginning to end, Xi Youqin didn't check her ranking.
She was only looking for Luo Zheng!
However, after learning that this Illusory Battlefield was divided into 50 great realms, Xi Youqin was unhappy.
This meant that the probability of Luo Zheng being in the same great realm as her was only one in fifty!
After entering the Karma Hall this time, she originally still had a trace of hope. However, she didn't encounter Luo Zheng in the Karma Hall …
The long-haired youth stared at Xi Youqin and asked, "Younger Sister Youqin, why are you unhappy?"
Xi Youqin glanced at him indifferently, then walked to the side of the city wall. She was too lazy to leave the city or fight with others.
As for the long-haired youth in front of her, it was said that he was a prodigy of the Human Alliance. His strength wasn't ordinary. In the Karma Hall, he had always been the leader. Along the way, he had tried his best to protect Xi Youqin. Thus, she hadn't displayed any strength in the Karma Hall.
"Nothing," Xi Youqin replied indifferently.
"Killing people is the happiest. This main city is the exit of the Karma Hall. There must be many powerful figures gathered here. How about I accompany you out of the city to kill people?" The long-haired youth smiled faintly.
Those who could completely pass through the Karma Hall were either prodigies or existences second only to prodigies. For example, the various great realm masters and the direct descendants of Heavenly Venerables. However, this long-haired youth didn't take them seriously at all. When his words spread out, it attracted the attention of many cultivators in the city. After all, this main city was different from other main cities. It was a place where super prodigies gathered!
Xi Youqin tilted her head and thought for a moment. "Alright, but I will kill you once we leave the city." Xi Youqin looked indifferently at the long-haired youth, her tone indifferent.
The long-haired youth chuckled. "That's not necessary. If Younger Sister Youqin wants to spar, I can accompany you!"
Xi Youqin didn't say anything else and walked out of the main city. However, she was thinking in her heart. The 50 great realms of the Illusory Battlefield would merge sooner or later. Otherwise, the prodigies scattered across the 50 great realms wouldn't be able to compete. It was better for her to raise her ranking. As long as she was at the top, she would eventually be able to meet Luo Zheng.
However, she didn't know what his ranking was now.
After an incense stick's worth of time, a sword light flashed outside the main city like a bolt of lightning.
Following the long-haired cultivator's pained scream, he was sent back to the main city by Xi Youqin to be revived …
The long-haired cultivator was wrapped in a curtain of light. He was also thinking bitterly. No matter how he thought about it, he couldn't understand how this gentle and weak girl with a scholarly aura was able to be escorted through the Karma Hall by him.
But how did this girl have such strength?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1277
There were still many experts hibernating in this main city.
After seeing this scene, these experts went into hiding again.
The way Xi Youqin killed that prodigy alarmed several prodigies in the main city.
They secretly inquired about this woman's origin and finally learned that she came from the Extreme Purple Realm and possessed the extremely rare first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Physique …
That long-haired youth was ranked 74th in the Illusory Battlefield. After being killed by Xi Youqin, half of the Illusory Battlefield's huge amount of Illusory Points were taken by her. At this moment, her ranking soared.
From over 100, she climbed all the way to 64!
Warriors who entered the top 100 would enter the eyes of the entire universe!
In the Extreme Purple Realm, a burst of cheers came from the Indefinite Tower.
"Little Junior Sister has entered the top 100!"
"The top 100 are all prodigies from various large clans … Little Junior Sister has indeed lived up to everyone's expectations!"
"A first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Physique can almost be called the master of the Extreme Purple Realm. It's inevitable for her to enter the top 100!"
Ninety-nine percent of those who could enter the Extreme Purple Realm had the Extreme Purple Yin Physique, but there was a huge gap between them.
Just a few years ago, many warriors in the Indefinite Tower welcomed such a little junior sister.
In fact, Xi Youqin's seniority in the Indefinite Tower was extremely high. After all, she was directly apprenticed to Indefinite Old Man, so she was two or even three generations higher than many disciples in the Indefinite Tower!
However, in the eyes of others, she was still young, so they only cared for her as a little junior sister.
Before they set off, many people were very worried.
Xi Youqin's strength and talent were not to be doubted, but their little junior sister was naive and romantic and did not know the ways of the world. She would probably encounter a lot of setbacks in the Illusory Battlefield. After all, in a battle between warriors, most of the time, it was not strength that was competed, but wisdom and trickery.
"Isn't Little Junior Sister always talking about that man of hers …"
"I wonder if she'll be able to see him this time!"
"I'm afraid it'll be a little difficult. Little Junior Sister can stand out, but her man is just a person from the lower realm. I'm afraid he'll be eliminated soon. How can she meet him?"
Just as everyone was discussing, a tall woman appeared. She was also Indefinite Old Man's disciple and could be considered Xi Youqin's Senior Sister.
"Eliminated? Youqin is a genius. How can her man be eliminated? "The woman said indifferently.
Xi Youqin had been in Indefinite Tower for several years, and she only had a good relationship with this woman, so this woman knew many of Xi Youqin's little secrets.
"Senior Apprentice Sister Yuan, Xi Youqin was born in the Lower Realm. How can an ascender compete with an Upper Realm cultivator?"
"To put it simply, the man that Xi Youqin likes might not even be able to enter the top one million in the Fantasy Battlefield. He'll probably be eliminated sooner or later!"
"I think so too …"
It wasn't that super geniuses couldn't be born in the lower realms.
These martial artists rarely walked out of the Indefinite Tower and rarely went to the outside world. However, they also knew that there were many famous powerhouses in the Upper Realm who had ascended from the Lower Realm, such as the famous Empyrean Illusory Sea.
It was already amazing that Xi Youqin's Boundless Realm could give birth to a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Physique like Xi Youqin. How powerful could the man she missed be?
However, Senior Apprentice Sister Yuan only smiled faintly. "The man that Youqin misses is called Luo Zheng."
Xi Youqin had only revealed this name to Senior Apprentice Sister Yuan. No one else knew.
"Luo Zheng?"
"This name sounds familiar …"
The Extreme Purple Realm was at the edge of the universe. It was a broken Small Realm, and it was very special. It was considered to be drifting outside the universe, so they couldn't hear the Roaring Command.
However, in these few years, the disciples of Indefinite Tower had to travel across large realms, so there were always people who knew about the outside world.
"I remember now! It's the guy who told stories in the universe! I heard that guy killed a Celestial Lord, and the Roaring Command in his hand was free! "
"You don't need to remember. I've already seen his name. He's now ranked 125 …"
"Xi Youqin's man is actually Luo Zheng. I've heard of this person from the Luo Tian Realm. It's said that he was besieged by several major races and is now hiding in an immortal mansion!"
Luo Zheng's name was now hanging at the top of the pyramid, but it hadn't rushed into the top 100. In addition, the people in the Extreme Purple Realm didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng before. After hearing this, many people looked down from the top of the pyramid and instantly found Luo Zheng's name.
This time, many female disciples in Indefinite Tower suddenly burst into an uproar.
Xi Youqin was originally the object of their envy. Her talent was extremely high, and her bone age was so young. Moreover, she was the direct disciple of Indefinite Old Man!
From the moment she stepped into Indefinite Tower, she was surrounded by many halos. The entire Indefinite Tower was considerate and protective of her. Even if she cultivated for a few hours and ate a bitter pill, she had to be coaxed before she could go …
Xi Youqin, who grew up like this, casually rushed into the top 100 of the entire Illusory Battlefield!
And the man she had been thinking about was also in the top 100.
Many women suddenly felt extremely unbalanced in their hearts.
They had the Extreme Purple Yin Physique and were sent to Indefinite Tower by various major families from afar to gain experience. In the end, the gap was so big that it was hard for them to accept!
…
…
At the same time.
Luo Zheng led Ji Nan and the others to the top of the mountain of Karma Hall. They were about to face the last Karma Hall.
"Can this still be called a hall …"
Cang Mo stared at the rows of stone pillars in front of him and shouted.
There was indeed a hall at the top of this mountain, but it was likely that it once existed.
Now, in front of everyone, there was only a row of round stone pillars. This hall seemed to have collapsed long ago …
"This is the last test. Don't underestimate it. I'm afraid the difficulty of this hall is far greater than the previous ones," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Now, everyone had a tacit understanding. After Luo Zheng spoke, everyone followed behind him at the same time.
Although the top of the hall had long disappeared, the two tall pillars at the entrance still stood there. This was the entrance to the fifth Karma Hall.
The moment Luo Zheng walked into this Karma Hall, a strange feeling was transmitted from the depths of his heart.
After Ji Nan and the others entered the two pillars, their expressions also changed slightly!
"Creak …"
At the same time, everyone heard a teeth-aching sound. It was the ear-piercing sound of rubbing against the axles of some dilapidated doors.
"Clang!"
Then, the sound of a heavy door closing could be heard.
When the sound of the door closing sounded, everyone turned their heads. There was no door between the two pillars at all. Where did this sound come from?
Phantom frowned slightly. She took a light step forward and rushed between the two doorposts. Then, she stretched out her hand and wiped it away …
"The door is closed," Phantom said softly.
Everyone's faces also showed curiosity. They turned their heads one after another and reached out to touch it like Phantom.
Sure enough, between the two doorposts, there was a door that didn't exist.
"Since the door is closed, we will continue to move forward. I don't think you have any plans to withdraw, right?" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
It had not been easy for everyone to fight their way to this place. If they gave up just like that, they would not be willing. The rewards from the second to fourth halls of the Karma Hall were astonishing amounts of Fantasy Points. What could the fifth hall give them?
"Meow," The flame kitten in Ji Nan's arms whimpered softly. Ji Nan smiled and said, "Little Fire agrees. Let's move forward."
Women were indeed women. In such a short time, Ji Nan had already given the flame kitten a name: Little Fire.
As for the ancestral dragon beside Luo Zheng, it had followed Luo Zheng for a long time, but he still hadn't given it a name. He didn't even have such an idea …
Ji Nan originally didn't have a contract beast, so she didn't bring a spirit beast bag with her. She could only hold the flame kitten by her side.
But just as Ji Nan's voice fell, from the deep sky at the top of the mountain, a thin lightning suddenly fell. The lightning spread all the way down and wrapped around a stone pillar!

Chapter 1278
These thin bolts of lightning were like bolts of spring thunder, causing the Karma Hall to begin to reorganize.
A large number of fragments emerged from all the stone pillars. These fragments seemed to remember each other's positions, constantly reassembling …
Roofs, beams, cornices, walls, doors, floors …
It was as if an invisible giant was rapidly building a large hall. Soon, a magnificent palace appeared in front of everyone. Everyone was in a circular hall, and in this circular hall, there were six long corridors!
"Six corridors?"
"In other words … the six of us have to be separated?"
"Isn't this Karma Hall supposed to divide the work and cooperate?"
Everyone's faces were filled with doubt, unable to understand the arrangement of this Karma Hall.
However, based on their previous experience in the Karma Hall, if they wanted to pass through this hall, they could only follow its rules. If this Karma Hall really wanted to separate everyone, they didn't have much choice.
"Weng …"
At this moment, azure lightning began to flicker above the doors of every corridor.
These lightning bolts began to converge into words, which were their names!
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, Cang Mo, An Si, and Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng?"
Everyone was slightly stunned when they saw this name.
Then, they all looked at Luo Zheng in unison …
Among the six of them, only Luo Tianxing had the surname Luo, and this corridor didn't have Luo Tianxing's name.
"I already said that Luo Tianxing is definitely a fake name," Ji Nan's eyes flashed slightly as she stared at Luo Zheng with a smile, "But I didn't know that Luo Tianxing was actually the famous Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng had long been a legendary existence among the younger generation of martial artists.
Putting aside his own strength for the time being, his deeds had long been spread throughout the universe. For them, they could already recite it by heart.
Even the most ignorant and inexperienced martial artist couldn't not recognize Luo Zheng!
After all, there was such a person in this universe. Every once in a while, he would tell you a story. You would have to listen even if you didn't want to. Moreover, the story wasn't that "bad". If you accidentally got lost in it, you might have to endure for a few more months before you could hear the end. Because that guy said that he would break it down next time …
After killing the four Celestial Masters, Luo Zheng spent the past six years like this. The trillions of living creatures in the universe also spent their lives under the baptism of his "voice".
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Phantom, and the others were no exception!
"You are really Luo Zheng!" Jin Hai stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly. He couldn't hide his identity anymore. Who would have thought that the Karma Hall could directly mark his name at the end? Luo Zheng could only nod. "Yes, I am Luo Zheng."
"Hahaha …" Jin Hai laughed and punched Luo Zheng on the shoulder. He laughed and complained, "I've been killed by you these past few years!"
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "How did I kill you?"
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that Jin Hai had been cultivating in seclusion in the temple to comprehend the heart of Buddhism. Originally, he wanted to use peace as a primer. What he needed the most was peace of the six senses.
Although he wasn't an orthodox Buddhist disciple, he still cultivated with hair.
However, on normal days, those Celestial Masters would shout a sentence from time to time. After all, the roaring command was precious. If it wasn't a very important matter, the Celestial Masters would often finish one sentence and only continue after a long time.
Moreover, with Jin Hai's willpower, he could automatically filter out the ordinary words that rang in his ears.
However, Luo Zheng's voice was endless. Moreover, Luo Zheng wasn't speaking seriously. He was telling a story!
The story was mysterious and exaggerated. It was always fascinating.
When Jin Hai was in seclusion, he heard the story echoing in his ears. His mind couldn't help but follow Luo Zheng's train of thought …
Comprehending the heart of Buddhism, the most important thing was to pay attention to peace of the six senses. There couldn't be the slightest distraction!
With Luo Zheng telling the story vividly, how could Jin Hai have peace of mind? It was a good thing that he didn't go crazy, but his cultivation would be greatly delayed.
After Jin Hai finished, Cang Mo also nodded hurriedly. "I've also encountered it! I … "
Phantom smiled and didn't speak. As for whether she was affected by Luo Zheng during her seclusion, it was unknown.
There were so many living beings in the universe. When Luo Zheng was telling the story, there were cultivators who were cultivating in seclusion. Even at a critical moment in their cultivation, the Roaring Command would definitely cause a lot of trouble for other cultivators. It was likely that many of them had suffered from Qi Deviation because of this.
Now, everyone finally understood why this unknown Luo Tianxing had such strength!
Ji Nan kept smiling. She was thinking of Ji Luoxue again.
She always thought that Ji Luoxue was invincible. This time, Ji Luoxue should have the strength to take first place, but he was defeated by Luo Zheng. She didn't know if Ji Luoxue would have the chance to fight with Luo Zheng next time.
If they fought, would Ji Luoxue be stronger, or would Luo Zheng be stronger?
Previously, she thought that Luo Zheng could fight with Ji Luoxue, but he would be defeated in the end.
Now, Ji Nan understood that Luo Zheng would definitely become one of the strongest opponents Ji Luoxue faced. This fellow hadn't just concealed his name, he'd concealed his strength all along the way!
Everyone was very interested in Luo Zheng. If they weren't asking him about the roaring command, they were asking about the immortal mansion …
Luo Zheng answered casually. If he could answer a question, he wouldn't hide it. If he couldn't answer a question, he would just gloss over it.
As he spoke, he pointed at the six corridors in front of him and said, "I think … everyone should turn their attention back to here!"
Luo Zheng didn't expect that this group of people would be so curious. They asked one question after another. Apart from Huan Ling, the others didn't stop.
If they continued asking like this, they probably wouldn't finish asking after several days and nights!
Thus, he had no choice but to correct everyone's questions. He moved the questions back on the right track and returned to the Karma Hall!
Ji Nan stuck out her little tongue and said with a smile, "Okay, I'm just a little gossipy. Although I knew that you also entered the Illusory Battlefield, I didn't expect to meet you here!"
Luo Zheng nodded indifferently. "But the most important thing right now is the Karma Hall, not me … Everyone can only enter the six corridors according to the one marked with their name. I'll give it a try."
After speaking, Luo Zheng walked toward the corridor next to his. This corridor was marked with Ji Nan's name. In other words, this corridor belonged to Ji Nan.
The moment Luo Zheng walked into the corridor, an irresistible force blocked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't force his way in. This was the Karma Hall. Since Luo Zheng wasn't allowed to enter, it was impossible for him to force his way in …
Everyone knew that they would have to take the next path by themselves. After making some preparations, they all entered their respective corridors.
Among them, the most depressed was probably Cang Mo.
He didn't play any role along the way. It could be said that he had mixed in with everyone.
Now that this path was divided into six, he could only rely on himself. However, there was no confidence in his eyes. He could only enter his own corridor unhappily.
After Luo Zheng glanced at the corridor, he also stepped into it.
This corridor was very wide. Even if a carriage rushed over, it would be able to speed through this corridor.
Walking on the soft carpet, Luo Zheng had an illusion that this fifth Karma Hall didn't seem to have any difficulty.
However, after walking a few dozen meters, he suddenly stopped in his tracks.
In front of Luo Zheng, there was a torch hanging on the wall. The flame on the torch was still burning. It seemed to be used to illuminate this corridor.
However, Luo Zheng felt something strange from the burning flame.
"There seems to be a powerful soul in this flame!" Luo Zheng murmured as he stared at the torch.
To be able to make Luo Zheng feel oppressed, the strength of this soul was probably far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
"Is this the test?"
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to the flame. He planned to go around it.

Chapter 1279
* Rumble … *
That flame suddenly bloomed in Luo Zheng's eyes!
This flame didn't feel like it was burning. It could even be said that it was originally a flame of nothingness, a flame that burned the soul!
However, the power contained within the flames was unimaginably enormous!
"Huff huff huff …"
The corridor suddenly disappeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes …
It was replaced by a world of ice and snow!
The swirling cold wind contained an immeasurable amount of the Law of Ice!
"My soul was forcefully pulled into this world of ice and snow?"
Luo Zheng glanced at his hands. His body was shrouded in a jade-green radiance. Apparently, he was in his soul state.
"Ding ling ling …"
A crisp sound of a bell was heard.
Luo Zheng saw a small bell in the air!
"What's this bell …"
When the small bell appeared, a figure gradually condensed in the wind and snow.
It was a woman with a graceful figure who was draped in an emerald blue ribbon!
This woman's legs were bare. She danced in the endless cold and quietly stared at him!
"Kekekeke …"
The world of ice and snow was still fine. Luo Zheng's soul was strong enough to resist the cold.
But under this woman's indifferent gaze, Luo Zheng felt like he had fallen into a ten-thousand-year-old ice cellar. At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul seemed to be sealed. The surface of his soul was frozen, and a thin layer of frost appeared. At this moment, Luo Zheng was almost unable to think.
"What a strong Law of Ice. But this is just the comprehension released by the soul. It's just an illusion!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed, and the green light on the surface of his soul became even more intense!
"Crackle crackle …"
Countless cracks suddenly appeared on the frost on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. Then, with a burst of popping sounds, the fragments fell to the ground!
The woman floating in the air saw this scene, and a smile appeared on her face …
She took the bell in her hand and gently shook it. A large amount of snowflakes drifted down from the sky!
"Again?"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly turned cold. His figure flashed, and he rushed toward the woman!
The cold wind whistled in his ears. As Luo Zheng rushed forward, he saw that the woman only swayed slightly. Like a snowflake drifting in the air, she floated behind him!
She retreated as much as Luo Zheng advanced.
The two of them chased each other in this boundless space, but the distance between them couldn't be closed.
"This movement technique … It's familiar …"
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed, but there was a glimmer of light in his eyes!
Baqu Feiyan?
Only this kind of strange movement technique could allow the user to be as light as a feather and maintain a certain distance from him.
However, Luo Zheng had only been able to keep his opponent three inches away from him even though he had cultivated Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke. If he had an extremely powerful technique, he would be able to break through the three inches distance! For example, Ji Luoxue had once broken his Eight Winding Smoke!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's soul began to emit a white mist. He also used the Eight Winding Smoke!
"Hu …"
When Luo Zheng used the Eight Winding Smoke, he felt as light as a feather …
Strictly speaking, Smoke was not a movement technique. It was more like a body refining technique. It was just that it was the opposite of ordinary body refining techniques.
He made himself as light as a feather, like a wisp of smoke. If the wind blew, the smoke would also drift with the wind!
Therefore, Smoke relied on external forces and not one's own strength.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was using Eight Directional Smoke Flying. His speed was not fast, but the woman's speed was also slowed down. She was originally 'pushed' by Luo Zheng's momentum, but with Luo Zheng's slow drifting, the thrust produced was almost negligible. The woman could not borrow the force to move forward, and the distance between the two rapidly shrank!
The woman looked at Luo Zheng, who was slowly drifting over, and her face flashed with a trace of doubt.
"You … also know the Floating Technique?"
Since the woman appeared, she hadn't said anything. This was the first time she asked Luo Zheng.
"Floating Technique? Not at all! "
As the distance got closer, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand towards the small bell!
The woman's waist gently twisted, and the bell jingled. After avoiding Luo Zheng's probing, the snowflakes between heaven and earth suddenly became incomparably large. Each snowflake was the size of a washbasin. These huge snowflakes condensed together, forming a boulder-like hail that rapidly fell. For a moment, the world was filled with crisp sounds.
Luo Zheng and the woman both used Smoke and Smoke. They could safely avoid the hail, but because of the disturbance caused by the falling hail, Luo Zheng couldn't get close to the woman.
"Strange. You're clearly using the Floating Technique. Where did you learn this technique?" the woman asked.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Then tell me first. Who are you?"
Hearing this, the woman replied indifferently, "This is the Emperor's Corridor …"
"You're an Emperor?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"No." The woman shook her head. "I'm an imprint left behind by a True God."
"A True God?"
Hearing the woman's answer, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed.
Seeing the change in Luo Zheng's expression, the woman said indifferently, "This is your test. Although I'm just an imprint, I'll still test your soul …"
After saying this, the woman gently waved her hands. From the sky, rivers of ice poured down from the sky towards Luo Zheng!
This river of ice was ten zhang wide. The temperature here was extremely low. When the river of ice poured down, it condensed into a thick icicle in the sky and went straight towards Luo Zheng!
"Using the illusion of a True God to test my soul …"
Luo Zheng's face flashed with a cautious expression. Facing the falling river of ice, Luo Zheng suddenly swung his fist!
"Bang …"
When Luo Zheng's fist collided with the river of ice, a crack appeared at the bottom of the river of ice. In an instant, the crack spread, and the river of ice broke into countless pieces of ice and collapsed with a loud bang.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed, and a second river of ice poured down!
"Bang!"
With a punch, the river of ice broke apart once again …
The woman quietly floated in the air, holding the small bell in her hand. Her expression was calm.
This space was still the memory of the Heavenly Dao. Although this woman had transcended the Heavenly Dao and become a True God, she was born from this Heavenly Dao. This memory was indelible.
"Before this, 1,400 martial artists had flown through here … but not a single one of them was compatible with my Divine Dao!"
The woman flicked her ten fingers, and blue sparkling lights flashed in the sky …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Dozens of rivers of ice poured down again!
As Luo Zheng dodged, he shattered the rivers of ice one by one …
"Your Divine Dao? What Divine Dao is it? "Luo Zheng took the time to ask.
The woman's eyes flickered slightly, "I used ice as my face and was imprisoned in the river of ice for 100,000 years. In the end, I comprehended the Snow Imprint Divine Dao and obtained the Profound Ice Godhead. My name is Yu Han …"
This Illusory Battlefield was an excellent cultivation opportunity for ordinary martial artists.
Countless martial artists experienced life and death transformations, and after leaving the Illusory Battlefield, their strength would explosively increase.
However, to those core geniuses and proud sons of heaven, this wasn't much at all. Anything that could be done in the Illusory Battlefield could also be done in the Illusory Battlefield.
But what they obtained in the Illusory Battlefield was much more important than what ordinary martial artists obtained. For example, this Emperor's Corridor!
The Divine Dao was naturally the path to becoming a True God!
In this universe, those that could transcend the Heavenly Dao and become a True God were few and far between. There were also very few factions and family clans that possessed the ability to transcend the Divine Dao. In the entire universe, there were no more than ten of them. And martial artists that truly had the qualifications to cultivate this ability were even rarer.
These people were called Dao Children.
They were existences that surpassed the proud sons of heaven. Even if all the family clans and factions of the universe were gathered together, they would only be able to gather a few people.
Even some Empyreans themselves didn't have the qualifications, much less their descendants.
Luo Zheng had previously encountered Ji Luoxue. She was a proud son of heaven of the Ji Family and also the Ji Family's most likely candidate to become a Dao Child! And what the Ji Family possessed was the Five Elements Divine Dao!
And the most important symbol of becoming a Dao Child was the complete blossoming of the Mahayana Lotus Flower!
There were some martial artists that had just stepped into the Divine Sea realm or had opened a seven-leaf or even nine-leaf Lesser Mahayana Lotus Flower. But in their entire lives, they had never opened a Mahayana Lotus Flower.
There were also some martial artists that had opened a Mahayana Lotus Flower at the Divine Transformation realm. But in time, they had stepped into the World Lord realm and had even shouldered the mandate of heaven and opened all the Mahayana Lotus Flower leaves.
This sort of situation was called a life form that was limited by the Heavenly Dao. The vast majority of Empyreans were like this; they had no hope of stepping into the Divine Dao in their lifetime.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1280
The restrictions of the Heavenly Dao were almost unchangeable.
Some Empyrean powerhouses, in order to escape this restriction, had to pay a great price to refine a secret medicine that allowed them to escape the mystery of being in the womb and reincarnate with the memories of their previous lives.
They had to cultivate from the beginning. But when they reached the Life and Death Realm and opened their lotuses to cross minor heavenly tribulations, they still couldn't escape this restriction …
This was also why the great races attached so much importance to the Illusory Battlefield, and why so many proud sons of heaven were gathered.
Because only from this group of people could a True Divinity be born, and only then could they surpass the Heavenly Dao!
And now, all the possibilities were concentrated in the Divine Sea realm.
It wasn't that there weren't any geniuses in the Divine Transformation realm or the Divine Extreme realm. It was just that after the opening of this great world, many geniuses began to grow at an explosive rate. And, these geniuses were all concentrated in the Divine Sea realm. Most of their skeletal ages were between 20 and 40 years old …
So, some people called this generation the Golden Generation.
Snow Seal Divine Dao …
Cold Rain …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
This woman probably wasn't from this era. He had never heard of this name before.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng grasped this opportunity to stare at the woman and ask, "After surpassing the Heavenly Dao and becoming a True Divinity, where will they go?"
Luo Zheng now had a rough idea of where Luo Yan was. Although the mysterious woman had promised to help him inquire about Luo Yan, she hadn't given him a response.
Thinking about it, the young man who took away Luo Yan was also a True Divinity existence. Then, after these True Divinities surpassed the Heavenly Dao, where did they go? It couldn't be in the chaos …
"The Divine Realm, the endless Divine Realm," the woman indifferently replied.
"The Divine Realm!"
Luo Zheng firmly engraved these two words in his mind.
At this moment, the rivers of ice that were pouring down had already stopped …
She placed her finger on the small bell and gently shook it again.
The blizzard stopped in an instant, and the whole world fell into silence. It was like the silence after a heavy snowfall in the middle of winter.
In this world, there was only Luo Zheng, and besides him, there was only a vast expanse of white …
At this moment, an invisible chill rushed towards Luo Zheng!
This chill directly penetrated Luo Zheng's spine and spread throughout his entire body. At this moment, his soul was frozen from the inside out, and he no longer had any strength to resist.
What he faced was absolute coldness!
At this temperature, not only did the energy completely disappear, even the mass disappeared.
Under this strange temperature, even the frozen ice and snow were extremely warm to Luo Zheng...
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the temperature began to rise. At the same time, the woman let out a soft sigh. "You are not compatible with the Snow Seal Divine Dao …"
Boom!
At the same time, a flame exploded in Luo Zheng's mind!
When he came back to his senses, everything in front of him suddenly disappeared. The lamp on the wall was still hanging there, emitting a lustrous light, illuminating the Emperor's Corridor.
Each lamp contained the imprint of a True God …
This kind of experience was indeed crucial to martial artists.
If a martial artist majored in ice-type cultivation methods, they would be able to comprehend a lot in that absolute coldness!
It was a pity that Ning Yudie didn't have the opportunity to enter this place. She majored in ice-type cultivation methods, and although the probability was very low, it wasn't impossible for her to be compatible with the Snow Seal Divine Dao.
The Real God named Yu Han had mentioned Divinity earlier on. However, he did not know what Divinity was.
If he returned to the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng would probably have to ask the Book Immortal and the others for guidance …
If he wanted to surpass the Heavenly Dao and pursue the Realm of the Gods, these things would be of utmost importance to Luo Zheng.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng walked past the lamp and continued forward.
Before he'd taken two steps, he discovered a series of engraved murals on the walls of the Emperor's Corridor.
The first mural depicted the birth of a baby girl. On that day, snow filled the sky, and there was an eclipse of the sun in the sky …
In the second mural, the baby girl had already grown up, stepped onto the martial path, and pursued the ultimate power …
The third mural …
"I understand now. The life of this True God is recorded in these murals."
After being titled as a True God, the Heavenly Dao would actually engrave these murals …
As Luo Zheng walked forward, he looked at these murals.
From this girl's step onto the martial path, to being valued, to opening the lotus flower, and so on, it was all recorded in the murals.
"When this girl entered the Life and Death Realm, she only opened one lotus leaf of the Hinayana Lotus Flower?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
In the Upper Realm, the number of lotus leaves was regarded as the possibility of surpassing the Heavenly Dao. The more lotus leaves opened, the greater the possibility, and to a certain extent, it was equivalent to talent!
One lotus leaf belonged to a very ordinary genius. Even in ordinary tenth-rank Holy Lands, they wouldn't be regarded as a core disciple.
Just like now, any core disciple in a tenth-rank Holy Land would open five or even seven lotus leaves.
However, as he continued forward, Luo Zheng understood why this girl could become a True God.
Every time this girl experienced a heavenly tribulation, she would open one lotus leaf very steadily. After she passed nine minor heavenly tribulations, the Hinayana Lotus Flower would open nine lotus leaves!
As for the three incarnations, Divine Sea Realm, Extreme God Realm, and Divine Transformation Realm, she would open one lotus leaf for every heavenly tribulation …
Finally, the Mahayana Lotus Flower and Hinayana Lotus Flower would open completely, and she would become a Dao Child.
However, she became a Dao Child relatively late. She was already at the late stage of the Divine Transformation Realm, which was equivalent to a half-step Realm Lord.
As he looked at the murals, Luo Zheng sighed slightly.
When Luo Zheng went through his first minor heavenly tribulation, he had already opened 35 lotus leaves. The Mahayana Lotus Flower was only missing the final lotus leaf.
However, after enduring the heavenly tribulations, Luo Zheng's cultivation had increased a lot, but the final lotus leaf still hadn't bloomed.
Only by opening the final lotus leaf could one become a Dao Child!
Luo Zheng didn't know when the final lotus leaf would open …
As he walked past the murals, he saw the most exciting scenes in this girl's life, including the scene where she traveled through the universe and became a True God.
When Luo Zheng finished looking at the final mural, a torch appeared in front of him!
Luo Zheng stared at the torch, which also exuded a strong aura. However, this aura was different from the aura of the True God from before. This torch contained an extremely domineering will, which was an aura that looked down on the world!
"This flame also contains the imprint of another True God …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took another step forward!
"Boom!"
The flame suddenly exploded, enveloping Luo Zheng once again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was standing on an empty battlefield. In front of him was a lone city, and behind him was an army of thousands of men and horses!
In front of the gates of the lone city stood a tall and sturdy Demon Race martial artist with a large saber in his hand. The army of thousands of men and horses were also Demon Race martial artists.
That extremely domineering aura was emitted by this Demon Race martial artist!
"Attack the city!"
With a command, countless Demon Race martial artists began to roar and attack the city.
"This is … an internal war of the Demon Race?"
Luo Zheng's gaze sharpened slightly.
"Haha!"
With an earth-shaking laugh, the saber-wielding Demon Race martial artist swung his saber horizontally, resisting the army of thousands of men and horses with his strength alone!
"The aura of tens of thousands of martial artists, but it's not just one person. This person … is the True God of the second lamp?"
Just as Yu Han had said, every single lamp in the Emperor's Promenade had the mark of a True God recorded within it. These True Gods had been born within this universe, and they were memories that the Heaven Dao wouldn't obliterate.
"Kill!"
"Kill!"
"Kill!"
The soldiers roared. They were like a tide, not only surging towards the True God, but also towards Luo Zheng!
The first Demon Race martial artist rushed towards Luo Zheng. His figure flashed slightly, and he snatched the sword from the other party's hand. His eyes flashed slightly, and the huge sword reverberated. Instantly, more than a dozen Demon Race martial artists' heads flew into the sky, decapitated by Luo Zheng's sword!
But at this moment, Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of danger from behind him. In an instant, he rolled forward and lay flat on the ground!
"Whoosh —"
It was a huge saber aura that spread out.
This saber aura spread three feet above the ground. After Luo Zheng lay down, the saber aura shot past the tip of his nose!

Chapter 1281
In this soul environment, what was displayed was not the strength of a True God …
Instead, it contained his Dao, allowing the martial artist to personally enter and comprehend his Divine Dao!
A single person guarding a lone city, using one blade to resist an army of thousands!
From the body of this Demon Race martial artist, there was a domineering aura of supremacy between heaven and earth.
After this blade strike, no one in the Demon Race army stood up.
Of course, Luo Zheng was an exception …
However, after Luo Zheng dodged the blade energy and stood up, the Demon Race martial artist's gaze fell on Luo Zheng!
The moment the Demon Race martial artist stared at him, Luo Zheng felt an enormous pressure!
"You … why aren't you lying down!"
The Demon Race martial artist roared, causing Luo Zheng's soul to tremble incessantly.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze was resolute, and he indifferently replied, "I didn't break my legs, so naturally, I won't lie down."
"If you don't want to lie down, then kneel!"
"Whoosh!"
The Demon Race martial artist waved the long blade in his hand, pointing it at Luo Zheng from afar, and the large blade pressed down on him!
This blade did not press down on Luo Zheng's body.
However, Luo Zheng instantly felt an enormous pressure pressing down on his shoulders!
Under the suppression of this enormous force, Luo Zheng's knees slightly softened. This pressure contained a fierce and domineering aura, as if a mountain was pressing down on Luo Zheng's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was in a soul body, and the power of this pressure was not real power, so he naturally could not use the power of the dragon scales to resist.
"Why aren't you kneeling down and submitting to me!"
The Demon Race martial artist roared!
The large blade pressed down by another two points, and the pressure increased by another two points. Naturally, the force Luo Zheng had to bear also increased by another two points!
In the face of such power, Luo Zheng straightened his legs, but still firmly stood in place. His eyes were fixed on the Demon Race martial artist, and there was not the slightest hint of compromise on his face.
"I, Luo Zheng, don't kneel to the heavens, don't kneel to the earth, and have no regrets in my life. How can I kneel to you!" Luo Zheng said coldly, and his body straightened even more!
The Demon Race martial artist sneered, "If you don't kneel, then die!"
"Whoosh!"
The large blade was brandished!
An incomparably thick blade energy, wrapped in a supreme aura, fiercely slashing towards Luo Zheng!
"Humph!"
Luo Zheng also tit for tat.
Although the giant sword he had disarmed from the demon soldier wasn't suitable for use, in a battle on the soul level, it was originally a battle of momentum.
He Luo Zheng Yang Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's Sword Intent slashed out and collided with that thick Saber Qi, but was instantly annihilated. The strength of the two was clearly not on the same level!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes slightly narrowed, and he retreated a few feet.
The moment he retreated, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly changed. All the emotions in his eyes had disappeared, and they were replaced by extreme coldness!
"Yi Shen Sword!"
"Xiu!"
The Yi Shen Sword was originally a sword move that was based on the comprehension of the soul level.
Now that Luo Zheng was in the soul state, it was equivalent to removing the burden of the physical body. This Yi Shen Sword was driven by emotion, and this sword move was even purer!
"Bang …"
The huge blade energy collided with Luo Zheng's sharp sword intent, and a muffled sound erupted.
Although this sword intent was small, it was invincible. Under this collision, it forcibly cut open a crack in the blade energy.
When the blade energy spread to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng naturally drilled through the crack …
"Huh?"
This time, it was the demon warrior's turn to be surprised.
He was a mark of a True God. Although he didn't have the strength of a True God, when he slashed out, the blade energy was displayed to the extreme. How could it be so easily broken by this junior in front of him?
"Whoosh!"
The demon warrior slashed out again.
It was another overbearing blade energy!
Facing the blade energy, Luo Zheng's face was expressionless. He waved the huge sword in his hand again, and broke the blade energy again!
After breaking the blade energy of the demon warrior twice in a row, the demon warrior laughed heartily. He carried the long blade on his body and suddenly stepped forward, heading straight for Luo Zheng!
Seeing the demon warrior heading straight for him, Luo Zheng's face was indifferent. His long sword circled in the air, and once again stabbed towards the demon warrior!
"Yi Shen Sword!"
This True God powerhouse, even if it was just a mark, was an existence that Luo Zheng couldn't defeat.
But this Emperor's Corridor was ultimately just a test. What Luo Zheng could do was to unleash his strength to the extreme.
He believed that if even he couldn't pass through this Emperor's Corridor, there probably wouldn't be many people who could pass through this Illusory Battlefield. Moreover, when he passed through the first torch, that girl called Yuhan did not compete with him. After all, this was a test and comprehension of the Divine Way!
"Clang!"
When the blade and sword collided, a crisp sound erupted.
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly retreated, and then slashed out again!
"Yi Shen Sword!"
The Yi Shen Sword only had one sword move. It was to turn complexity into simplicity, but there was complexity within simplicity.
To be able to break through ten thousand moves by severing emotions …
Back then, Empyrean Yi Jian was able to contend against a True God with the strength of an Empyrean. The power of this sword could be imagined!
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
"…"
Under the collision of the blade and sword, the surprise in the demon warrior's eyes became more and more intense.
Ever since the Emperor's Corridor opened, many arrogant young boys had passed through here …
Making these juniors kneel down was really not a simple matter.
But not a single person was able to exchange so many moves with him. Furthermore, he also discovered that this brat's sword intent contained an aura that was actually not much weaker than his!
In the eyes of this True God, this was a very miraculous thing.
After all, his blade contained the power of a tyrant. He used this to prove his Divine Way!
A Divine Sea Realm brat, what right did he have to contend with him with one sword move?
"What sword art are you cultivating?" the demon warrior asked in a cold voice.
"Don't recognize it?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly, the longsword in his hand slashing out again, "Want to learn, I can teach you!"
"Clang!"
The blade and sword collided.
"Good, good, good! Even more arrogant than this old man was back then! "Hearing Luo Zheng's words, this demon warrior did not get angry but laughed instead. There was even a look of appreciation in his eyes.
But it was under this blade that the enormous sword in Luo Zheng's hand shattered with a loud bang.
This enormous sword that he had seized at the last moment was actually a mediocre weapon. Under this collision, it shattered …
Seeing this scene, the demon warrior took advantage of the situation and rushed forward. The purpose of his existence was not to kill Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, he gently flicked his longsword. Not far from him, a sword on the ground flew towards Luo Zheng!
"I don't believe that you can break this move of mine! Hold your sword well! "
After he finished speaking, the Demon Race cultivator slashed his long blade toward the sky!
One slash! Two slashes! Three slashes …
The thick dark clouds in the sky were split by his blade energy!
After these slashes, the demon warrior coldly said, "The blade is the tyrant. What I have pursued all my life is the power of a tyrant. I entered the Dao with the blade, which is to dominate the Divine Way! And to obtain the Vajra Godhead! My name is Mo Chen! "
When his voice fell, the thick clouds were cut apart. A ray of sunlight broke through the clouds, but it was as if the clouds were parted to reveal the fog!
At the same time …
Invisible blade energy descended from the sky and gathered on Luo Zheng's body!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Luo Zheng pointed his longsword towards the sky. His expression did not change in the slightest.
The imposing manner of the blade energy was astonishing. This domineering aura blended into the heavens and the earth. Luo Zheng was still unmoved.
Severing emotions meant severing all emotions!
In the face of the blade energy descending from the sky, although Luo Zheng was insignificant, he gave people a feeling of looking down on the common people. Even if the pressure was greater, Luo Zheng still ignored it!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless blade energies descended!
They constantly surged around Luo Zheng!
These blade energies were like torrents in a river, and Luo Zheng was like a boulder in the middle of these torrents, standing tall and unmoving. These torrents could not do anything to Luo Zheng. Naturally, they separated to two sides …
After a long time, the thick aura in the sky closed again.
There was no blade energy descending from the sky …
Luo Zheng looked at the True God named Mo Chen in front of him. He had already exited the state of severing emotions, and his eyes were a little more lively!
Mo Chen noticed the change in Luo Zheng and laughed, "You are not suitable for my Divine Way! Moreover … you already have your own Divine Way. However, the Divine Way that you cultivate is destined to be in vain! "

Chapter 1282
In the universe, there was an invisible limit to power.
For example, when cultivating the Law of Fire, the highest level was the tenth level, and the tenth level was perfection.
However, a Divine Sea Realm martial artist could reach the fifth level at most. An Extreme Divine Realm martial artist could reach the sixth level, a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist could reach the seventh level, a Sector Lord martial artist could reach the eighth level, and a Celestial Venerable martial artist could reach the ninth level!
This was the power of the boundary, and it was difficult to cross.
However, some Celestial Venerables who inherited the Mandate of Heaven regarding the Law of Fire could cultivate the Law of Fire to perfection, which was the tenth level of the Law of Fire.
This kind of perfection referred to the perfection under the Heavenly Way, but it was not the real perfection.
There was a higher level above the tenth level, which was a height that countless creatures in the universe could not touch or even understand.
To reach this level, one had to cross the Heavenly Way and become a True God.
However, not everyone could cultivate to become a True God.
The lotus flower floating above the heads of many martial artists directly announced the possibility of crossing the Heavenly Way.
Every martial artist cultivated a different Divine Path.
For example, the Five Elements Divine Path, the Snow Seal Divine Path …
"If I'm not wrong, you're cultivating the Emotion Severing Divine Path!" Mo Chen said lightly.
"Emotion severing … is a Divine Path?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Luo Zheng had faintly touched the essence of the Emotion Severing Divine Path, which was why he could use the Yi Sword to such an effect. However, he did not know that the Emotion Severing Divine Path was also a way to prove one's Dao. He thought it was just a method that he had comprehended from the Yi Sword.
"Yes, the Emotion Severing Divine Path is an extremely powerful Divine Path … but it is also a forbidden Dao!" Mo Chen continued, "If you really succeed in cultivating this Dao, you will attract the wrath of the Gods. This Dao cannot be taken!"
Mo Chen's character was a typical ambitious and ruthless person. In the beginning, he was also a fearless existence in the universe. He had used his wild nature to create a domineering Divine Path, which gave rise to an extreme comprehension.
However, when he mentioned the Emotion Severing Divine Path, his face revealed a cautious expression.
"Is that so?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly.
His character was completely different from Mo Chen's. He was naturally not as arrogant as Mo Chen, but Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was extremely tenacious.
In the face of the True God's advice, Luo Zheng would think carefully, but these words could not change Luo Zheng's original intention.
Mo Chen guessed Luo Zheng's thoughts. He laughed and waved his saber. "That's all I have to say. You … go!"
"Boom …"
This isolated city, this battlefield, and the demon army lying on the ground suddenly dissipated. Luo Zheng once more returned to the Emperor's Promenade.
However, Mo Chen's soul imprint was watching Luo Zheng's departing figure within the rising flames above the torch, and he continued to ponder …
"This person is Fateless."
"It just so happens that the Fateless cultivates the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao …"
"That's not right. He's not really a fateless person. His fate must have been concealed by someone using a great divine ability. He's trying to steal the sky and change the sun …"
"What is their true goal?"
"…"
Luo Zheng did not know that Mo Chen was thinking about this.
He just strolled in the promenade and continued to observe the murals on both sides of the promenade.
These murals recorded Mo Chen's life.
This person was also a big anomaly in the Demon Clan. His life was extremely bumpy, and he was rejected by the Demon Clan. Because the Demon Clan was in danger, he returned to the Demon Clan and saved the Demon Clan with his own strength … All of these were recorded in the form of murals.
Of course, one of the murals was the scene that Luo Zheng experienced in the flame illusion.
Mo Chen had once guarded an isolated city by himself. Moreover, he had faced an army of tens of millions of Devil Race soldiers alone. And, he had defended that isolated city for three whole years!
"This person became a True God by no means by chance. Others may rely on luck to become a True God, but this person's luck is extremely bad. In the end, he still achieved such an achievement. It's admirable and lamentable!"
Luo Zheng did not reject all the Demon Clan. Although almost none of the Demon Clan warriors that Luo Zheng encountered were good people, this clan had always had its own way of doing things.
As he continued to move forward, another torch appeared in the promenade ahead …
The third True God, Shen Wuyue …
He entered the Divine Dao with his own Divine Martial Art. He was born six eras ago. Cycle after cycle of Heavenly Dao destruction reincarnation. Even if he was a True God, he would be forgotten by history.
The fourth True God, Lan, entered the Divine Dao of Absolute Killing …
He was born three eras ago, and he was the Supreme of the Demon Night Clan …
The fifth True God …
Luo Zheng walked further and further in the Emperor's Promenade.
Under the aura of these True Gods, he felt their determination and characteristics to enter the Dao.
"Perhaps these True Gods pursue different things, and their personalities are completely different. However, in the end, they all have a heart that pursues the pinnacle and even surpasses the pinnacle!"
"It's also with the support of such great perseverance that they have the possibility of crossing the Heavenly Dao."
"I … won't give up."
Just as Mo Chen said, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao wasn't chosen by Luo Zheng. However, since he had already embarked on this path, Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest bit of regret in his heart. This was the obsession Luo Zheng possessed.
The sixth True God …
The seventh …
The deeper he went, the stronger the aura emitted by the Emperor's Promenade became.
Even True Gods were divided into strong and weak.
From their aura, one could judge their true strength.
The further one went, the stronger their strength would be, and the more difficult the test would be.
However, in the end, none of them had a Divine Dao that suited Luo Zheng.
The eighth …
The ninth …
The tenth …
Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the flame in front of him.
The flame flickered at an extremely fast speed, swaying rapidly in Luo Zheng's eyes.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a familiar feeling from the soul in the flame.
"This flame …"
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took another step forward.
"Boom …"
The flame once again exploded in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, his face immediately revealed a look of surprise.
On top of a mountain, there were countless long swords inserted …
Slaughter … Sword Mountain!
When Luo Zheng had comprehended the perfect sword intent, he had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
He had never thought that he would actually return to the Slaughter Sword Mountain in this flame.
No, this wasn't the real Slaughter Sword Mountain.
It was just an environment created by the soul imprint of knowledge …
In this Emperor's Promenade, Luo Zheng observed very carefully.
The illusions created by the soul imprints of these True Gods should be the scenes that left the deepest impression in the universe.
For example, Mo Chen guarding the lonely city, or Yu Han's Snowfall Domain. These were probably the indelible impressions left by these True Gods.
The Slaughter Sword Mountain …
It was only born in this cycle of evolution.
As for the person who had an indelible imprint on the Slaughter Sword Mountain …
Yi Jian Tianzun!
This name suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
The Yi Jian Tianzun had left behind a poem in the Orange Sea Realm, which was to integrate his extreme comprehension of the Yi God's sword into it.
It was said that this Sky Sovereign had already disappeared?
If he died, his destiny would dissipate and condense a new crown of destiny.
From this point, it could be determined that the Yi Jian Tianzun was not dead.
Since he saw the Slaughter Sword Mountain here, did that mean that the Yi Jian Tianzun had already become a True God? Furthermore, he had also become a True God using the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?
This was only Luo Zheng's own judgment. Perhaps there were other top figures in the Slaughter Sword Mountain who had climbed the True God Dao. They might not necessarily be the Yi Jian Tianzun …
It was just that Luo Zheng felt that this was the most likely possibility.
Standing at the foot of the mountain, Luo Zheng raised his head to look at the top of the mountain. He saw a faint figure on the peak of the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
"Climb up!"
Regardless of whether or not this person was the Yi Jian Tianzun, Luo Zheng would still investigate.
"Whoosh …"
When Luo Zheng advanced, a sword rose from the ground and flew towards Luo Zheng.
It was just a Profound Artifact.
Luo Zheng extended two fingers and clamped the tip of the sword into his fingertips. The Profound Artifact was unable to move, and with a light shake of his wrist, the Profound Artifact lost its spirit.
He carried this ordinary longsword and slowly walked up the mountain.
Back then, when Luo Zheng climbed up the Slaughter Sword Mountain, every step was filled with fear, but now, it was as if he had stepped into an uninhabited land. The swords rose from the ground and shot towards him, but Luo Zheng casually pushed them away, as if they were weak and powerless willows.
Even though it was only an illusion and not the real Slaughter Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng still felt a lot of emotions.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1283
Not long after, Luo Zheng was already halfway up the mountain.
His eyes were fixed on something not far away …
It was here that Luo Zheng had encountered the smoke of that longsword.
But now, he didn't see it.
After walking a few dozen feet forward, Luo Zheng threw his long sword here. But now, Luo Zheng still didn't see it.
"This illusion isn't the real Slaughter Sword Mountain. It came from the soul imprint of the True God. I'm afraid it's a scene from a long time ago. Maybe a hundred thousand years, a million years, or even ten million years ago. It's impossible to find my long sword …"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Those long swords soared into the sky one by one.
At the halfway point of the mountain, the long swords attacking Luo Zheng were immortal long swords …
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Luo Zheng waved the profound long sword in his hand, shaking off those long swords one by one, and continued to move forward.
He wanted to climb to the top of the mountain to see that person.
Immortal weapon, sacred weapon, divine weapon, third grade, second grade, first grade …
The higher he went, the higher the grade of the long swords stuck in the mountain, and the sharper the attacks formed by the long swords.
Moreover, there were a variety of attacking methods.
Even in the Way of the Sword, there were countless Ways of the Sword.
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao … Strictly speaking, it's also a kind of Way of the Sword. But I don't know if I can achieve the Divine Dao by practicing other Ways of the Sword."
This question suddenly hovered in Luo Zheng's mind …
Just like those True Gods he had met before, they had all stepped into the Divine Dao. Didn't it mean that there was no specific cultivation method for the Divine Dao?
As long as one cultivated a method to the extreme, surpassing the limit of the Way of the Heavens, could one achieve the Divine Dao?
Then wouldn't there be countless Divine Dao in the world?
Why … was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao called the Forbidden Dao?
Amidst his chaotic thoughts, Luo Zheng gradually walked to the top of the mountain.
On the top of the mountain sat a middle-aged man with a long beard. This middle-aged man with a long beard sat upright, and beside him floated a short sword.
The short sword was two and a half feet long, white in color. The body of the sword was simple and unadorned, and its sharpness was restrained, making people unable to see any clues.
"Two Feet Godly Sword!"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Although he had already guessed that the person at the peak of the mountain was the Sword-fighting Empyrean, when he saw the two foot long Yi god sword that Yun Luo had mentioned before, it could be considered as confirming his identity.
However …
Since this Sword-fighting Empyrean had appeared in the Emperor's Corridor, then he should be called Sword-fighting True God!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The white Two Chi Godly Sword suddenly began to hum. It circled in the air and flew towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was very familiar with this white dagger.
Back then, in front of the huge rock in the Orange Sea Realm, Luo Zheng was also ravaged by this white sword shadow.
Seeing the sword flying towards him, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. He lightly blocked the sword with the profound weapon in his hand.
How could a Xuan Tool long sword clash with this Two Chi Shen Yi Sword?
With a "dang" sound, it instantly shattered …
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He raised his hand and another long sword appeared in his hand.
This sword was a first grade divine artifact that he had just captured.
However, there was no supreme artifact in this Killing Swords Mountain. Presumably, martial artists who possessed a supreme artifact did not need to enter the Killing Swords Mountain to comprehend it. Naturally, they would not insert their swords here.
"Ding!" Ding! "Ding!"
Immediately after, Luo Zheng brandished his sword and clashed with the two foot long Yi god sword three times!
From beginning to end, the Sword-fighting Empyrean had never opened his eyes, as if he was not interested in Luo Zheng.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng was not interested in the previous Empyreans, but he was extremely interested in this Sword-fighting Empyrean …
However, at this moment, the two foot long Yi god sword automatically protected its master. Every time Luo Zheng wanted to walk up to the peak of the mountain, it would be forced back by the two foot long Yi god sword.
Even if Luo Zheng used the Formless Technique, he could only barely block the two foot long Yi god sword. However, the Sword-fighting Empyrean still did not open his eyes to take a look.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned. His gaze focused slightly, and a sword intent that was jumping around suddenly shot out!
Yi God's Sword!
Luo Zheng would only use this sword move in moments of crisis.
Even when he was fighting against Ji Luoxue, he had never used it. However, facing these True Gods, Luo Zheng would not hold back in the slightest. He did not have the qualifications to hold back.
"Ding!"
After this sword thrust out, the power contained within it directly sent the two foot long Yi god sword flying!
When Luo Zheng slashed out with this sword.
The Sword-fighting Empyrean suddenly opened his eyes …
There was even a trace of astonishment in his eyes.
Luo Zheng clasped his hands together and kowtowed to the Sword-fighting Empyrean, then slowly walked forward.
Before he could say anything, the Sword-fighting Empyrean had already spoken, "You, what is your name?"
"Junior, Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
"You know who I am?" the Sword-fighting Empyrean asked.
"Sword-fighting Empyrean," Luo Zheng replied.
The Sword-fighting Empyrean stared at Luo Zheng, and after a few breaths of time, he said: "My name is Chen Huang Yi Jian, and I use the sword to prove my Dao and enter the Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"
Empyrean was only his title, Chen Huang Yi Jian was his real name.
Now that he had become a True God, it was no longer appropriate for him to be called an Empyrean.
"You, you seem to have walked on my path of the sword?" The Sword-fighting Empyrean stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"Yes, Senior Sword-fighting." Luo Zheng nodded.
Chen Huang Yi Jian's face revealed a trace of a smile. He was still sitting upright on the mountain peak. With a grab of his hand, the two foot long Yi god sword flew back into his hand. After holding the sword in his hand, he thrusted it towards Luo Zheng.
On this sword, there was a green light hidden within.
This green light was also a sword intent …
But this sword intent was a thousand times purer than the sword intent Luo Zheng had comprehended!
This was the pinnacle of sword intent!
Facing this sword, Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest.
He did not feel any killing intent from Chen Huang Yi Jian, and knew that the other party was only probing. He also thrusted his sword out.
The sword techniques of the two were almost exactly the same, and the simplest sword was also the pinnacle sword. It was just that Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Yi god sword was still lacking, and his sword intent had not been reborn to the pinnacle.
The two swords did not collide.
Chen Huang Yi Jian's sword stabbed halfway, then retracted. But in the instant it retracted, the two foot long Yi god sword stabbed out again.
Luo Zheng also did not hesitate. Chen Huang Yi Jian's sword retracted, and Luo Zheng also retracted. Chen Huang Yi Jian's sword stabbed out, and Luo Zheng also stabbed out …
These two people were stabbing at each other across the air, but there was no substantial sword technique!
One sword …
Ten swords …
One hundred swords …
One thousand swords …
Ten thousand swords …
One hundred thousand swords …
Time was already empty at this moment.
Luo Zheng did not know fatigue, and Chen Huang Yi Jian was also quite patient.
This was a test, and also a kind of training, but also a kind of silent teaching!
After a million swords.
Chen Huang Yi Jian suddenly retracted his hand, and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently, "If I did not see it with my own eyes, I would never believe that someone could see through the poem I left behind …"
"This junior is just a coincidence," Luo Zheng replied.
"No," Chen Huang Yi Jian smiled faintly, "No, the number of destiny can also be fixed. Someone is pushing you from behind."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face showed a puzzled look. He did not understand, "Pushing me from behind?"
"I don't know who it is … and I don't know what he is planning, but this is the arrangement of this person," Chen Huang Yi Jian continued.
At this point, Luo Zheng frowned. He did not understand the mystery in Chen Huang Yi Jian's words, but he faintly felt a trace of uneasiness.
He was not a fatalist. Even if he was in an irreversible adversity, he would still use his last bit of strength. At least, his fate was always in his own hands.
But from Chen Huang Yijian's words, there was another explanation. Was there someone behind him arranging his fate?
Seeing Luo Zheng's slightly conflicted expression, Chen Huang Yijian only faintly smiled, "This is not a question I want to discuss with you, and I don't care …" Then he opened his mouth and asked, "How many lotus leaves have you opened?"
"Nine-leaf Lesser Ascension, twenty-six Greater Ascension," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Chen Huang Yi Jian nodded again, and a look of approval appeared on his face, "Not bad, the Divine Sea realm has opened thirty-five leaves. It won't be long before you become a Daoist disciple, not bad, not bad …"

Chapter 1284
Chen Huang Yijian did not have much interest in the martial artists that passed through the Emperor's Corridor.
He had entered the Divine Path by severing emotions, and he knew that this was a forbidden path. He had long since extinguished his heart of inheritance.
So along the way, there were many martial artists that passed by his torch, but he never opened his eyes to look at them.
There were some sword geniuses with firm hearts who forced their way up the mountain, but they were chased away by his two-foot Yi Divine Sword.
But here, he met a fellow who had comprehended the Yi Divine Sword.
And the degree of comprehension was not low either!
It had reached 99%, with only one point left to perfection!
And this fellow had not only comprehended the Yi Divine Sword, but also opened 35 lotus leaves, still only one leaf left to perfection.
In Chen Huang Yijian's eyes, Luo Zheng was like a perfect jade wall with a missing corner.
That last corner was in his hands. He only needed to reach out and gently close that corner, and it would be perfect!
Facing Chen Huang Yijian's praise, Luo Zheng did not speak, only standing in place.
Chen Huang Yijian looked up and down at Luo Zheng, then asked, "Have you ever had a master?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
Hearing this answer, Chen Huang Yijian's eyes flashed with disappointment, but then he smiled faintly. He had taught Luo Zheng the Yi Divine Sword, so he could be considered Luo Zheng's half master.
"Do you know that the Severing Emotions Divine Path is a forbidden path?" Chen Huang Yijian continued to ask.
Luo Zheng nodded, "I just found out not long ago."
"Then do you know why the Severing Emotions Divine Path is a forbidden path?" Chen Huang Yijian asked again.
"I don't know."
Luo Zheng was only at the Divine Sea Realm. With his current understanding of cultivation, he had reached the Extreme Divine Realm at most. He knew that after the Extreme Divine Realm was opened, he could nurture life in his body. As for the difference between the Divine Transformation Realm, World Lord, and Empyrean, he knew nothing.
As for the various Divine Daos, he only knew their names. As for what they truly represented, he was like an ignorant child who had absolutely no understanding of the ways of the world.
"You don't know? That's good," Chen Huang Yijian did not intend to explain to Luo Zheng. He only said, "Your Yi Shen Sword is almost perfect, but there is still one thing missing. Do you know what that is missing?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's expression became extremely serious.
Six years ago, Luo Zheng had already mastered the Yi Shen Sword to ninety-nine percent completion. However, when this sword was unleashed, he always had a trace of regret and was unable to achieve perfection.
In these six years, other than cultivating the Eight Winding Smoke, Thunder Calamity Kill, and Ten Thousand Laws Enemy Book, he was also constantly comprehending.
However, after six years, Luo Zheng was stuck in a predicament with no progress at all.
Xun had thought of a solution for him, and Qinglong had also given him advice …
Even with Luo Zheng's talent, he still couldn't comprehend it after spending six years.
Luo Zheng had considered all the directions and methods, but there was still no progress.
Qinglong told Luo Zheng that this last point probably did not lie with Luo Zheng. Since he could not comprehend it himself, then he had to find an external cause.
"Senior Yi Jian, please enlighten me," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Yi Jian Tianzun said indifferently, "If you want to know, then make a trip to the Sword Manor … there, you can solve the doubts in your heart."
The Sword Manor was not a tenth rank Holy Land.
At first, this Sword Manor was a group of independent sword cultivators gathered together and established a power.
After countless years of development, focusing on the path of the sword, the Sword Manor also gradually evolved into a huge power.
However, the person who truly allowed the Sword Manor to have a place in the universe was naturally Chen Huang Yijian!
The Sword Manor today had long become the Holy Land of the sword cultivators in the universe!
And the Slaughtering Sword Mountain was in the Sword Manor.
"Sword Manor …" Luo Zheng firmly remembered these two words in his mind.
At this moment, Chen Huang Yijian waved his hand, and the two foot long Yi Shen Sword flew towards Luo Zheng. However, it abruptly stopped beside Luo Zheng.
A green light appeared on the tip of the sword, and it continuously danced on Luo Zheng's arm!
Not long after, a sword shaped pattern emitting green light was left on Luo Zheng's arm. After that pattern flickered for a while, it naturally disappeared into Luo Zheng's arm.
"I … can only do this," Chen Huang Yijian sighed softly, and a complicated look appeared in his eyes, "You can go …"
"Boom …"
As Chen Huang Yijian waved his hand, the illusion of the Slaughtering Sword Mountain suddenly dissipated, and turned into a flame that condensed on the torch.
Senior Yi Jian's gaze …
At the last moment, Luo Zheng noticed Chen Huang Yijian's expression.
After he became a True God, did he really encounter some trouble?
No matter what trouble it was, with Luo Zheng's current strength, it was impossible for him to interfere. There was no point in thinking about it.
Since Senior Yi Jian had told him that the last gap was hidden in the Sword Manor, after this Illusory Battlefield ended, he would most likely have to go to the Sword Manor.
This time, walking through the Emperor's Promenade, Luo Zheng had not only obtained this piece of information! He and Chen Huang Yijian had played Myriad Sword, and he had also greatly tempered his sword intent. This harvest was naturally not small, but he did not know if there would be a reward in the fifth Karma Hall?
The last Karma Hall was different from the previous ones. This Emperor's Promenade did not have much danger. It was only the pressure of the True God imprints. Warriors could dare to feel the Divine Dao here. From a certain point of view, this was actually an excellent reward.
As he thought about this, Luo Zheng walked forward, still paying attention to the murals on both sides of the Emperor's Promenade.
These murals recorded how Chen Huang Yijian had tempered his Sword Heart, how he had joined the Sword Manor, how he had become the master of the Slaughtering Sword Mountain, and even how he had fought in the Orange Sea Realm …
The soul within the lamp once again let out a soft sigh.
Three thousand Divine Daos, only one restriction remained: the Severing of Emotions.
In the past, Chen Huang Yijian had walked the Severing of Emotions Divine Dao. The benefits he had obtained were that his strength far surpassed that of an ordinary True God. As an Empyrean, he had the strength to harm a True God.
But a Restriction Dao was a Restriction Dao.
This Divine Dao was originally a path that prohibited others from walking together …
Now, Chen Huang Yijian also understood the implications. However, he was currently hiding in Soaring Firmament. Being chased by a Sovereign, there was nothing he could do.
Looking at Luo Zheng's back, Chen Huang Yijian was extremely puzzled.
Since they had paid such a great price to conceal this child's fate, why did they insist on having him cultivate the Severing of Emotions Divine Dao?
What did that person want to do?
…
…
As he walked forward, Luo Zheng did not encounter any torches on the walls.
"Each person can only encounter ten torches. In other words, the imprints of ten True Gods? Or … in this universe, after countless evolutions, only ten True Gods were born? "
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng quickly shook his head. Although True Gods were rare, they were not that rare.
After walking for a while, Luo Zheng discovered the exit of the Emperor's Promenade. When Luo Zheng walked through this promenade, he discovered that the originally six scattered Emperor's Promenades had finally gathered here. This was also a circular hall, and there were already martial artists waiting here.
"Ji Nan, Phantom!"
As it turned out, the two women in their group of six had already passed through the Emperor's Promenade.
"Luo Zheng has come out!" Ji Nan smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng.
The three people's gazes met, and they discovered that there was a slight change in each other's expressions.
This was a change in their comprehension of the Divine Dao.
Although they had not yet found a Divine Dao that suited them, as long as they passed through those soul flames, they would eventually feel the aura of those True Gods …
Perhaps these auras did not test the soul and were still very beneficial to martial artists.
"This fifth Karma Hall is easy to pass," Phantom said faintly.
"Which True Gods did you see? I saw the legendary Lord Fei Chen, "Ji Nan said with a smile with a hint of excitement in her eyes.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and casually mentioned a few of the True Gods. This was not a secret that could not be revealed, but Luo Zheng naturally would not mention Chen Huangyi, who was a True God.
After this exchange, another figure flashed out of one of the Emperor's Promenades. It was Jin Hai.
Jin Hai put his palms together and closed his eyes slightly, but his mouth was chanting like an eminent monk. After he had completely walked out of the Emperor's Promenade, he smiled at Luo Zheng and the others. "I have received advice from the Buddha of the Past …"
In the Ten Thousand Buddha Divine Realm, there was no concept of Divine Dao. What they called Buddhist Dao was Divine Dao.

Chapter 1285
Jin Hai was extremely lucky to be able to receive guidance from the Dipankara Buddha.
Jin Hai was only one step away from becoming a prodigy!
He had comprehended the Heart of the Past in front of the Dipankara Buddha and cultivated the Immortal Indestructible Body.
Luo Zheng had previously shattered the Subduing Dragon Arhat countless times in the ancient temple, but it had recovered completely. He had relied on the power of the Past Solemnity Calamity.
What Jin Hai had comprehended was precisely this Dao.
The rewards from the Emperor's Corridor were difficult to find in the entire universe.
Although the torches were only burning a soul imprint of a True God, it was undoubtedly equivalent to a True God personally imparting Dao.
In this universe, how could one find the original body of a True God?
Not long after Jin Hai came out, a hearty laugh came from the entrance of the Emperor's Corridor.
"Hahaha, you all passed?"
Azure Demon's burly figure came out of the Emperor's Corridor with a happy smile on his face.
The Emperor's Corridor was only three meters tall and seemed a little narrow compared to Azure Demon's body.
"The difficulty of the fifth Karma Hall is too easy. The illusions in the torches look frightening, but they're actually useless. You can pass through them easily …" Azure Demon continued with a hint of pride on his face.
Hearing Azure Demon's words, everyone had a strange expression on their faces.
The fifth Karma Hall was actually not considered a test.
Because they would pass no matter what …
The aura emitted by the True Gods had to be comprehended and matched with one's own efforts. This was actually an excellent cultivation opportunity.
Ji Nan blinked and stared at Azure Demon as she asked, "How did you pass?"
Azure Demon shrugged. "I was sucked into the illusions by the flames, so I ran and ran and ran … Then I left the flames. There were a few times when I thought I was going to die, but I didn't pay attention and left the illusions."
Luo Zheng: "…"
Jin Hai: "…"
Phantom: "…"
Everyone was speechless.
Presumably, the soul imprints of the True Gods hidden in the flames were also speechless …
After Jin Hai patiently explained the value of the Emperor's Corridor to Azure Demon, Azure Demon stood there in a daze for a long time. Then he let out a strange cry and turned around to return to the Emperor's Corridor.
But at this moment, no matter what he did, he couldn't enter the Emperor's Promenade. It was impossible to go in the opposite direction.
Not long after, the Night Clan martial artist also left the Emperor's Promenade. Although he didn't deliberately conceal his aura, his aura was still much fainter. It seemed that he had made some gains in the Emperor's Promenade.
After everyone gathered in the circular hall, they continued to move forward.
They had all gained quite a bit in the Emperor's Corridor, so they were naturally in a good mood. Only Azure Demon's face was filled with gloom. Even his intestines were green with regret.
Following the only exit in the hall, everyone entered a circular hall not long after. In the center of the hall, there was a circle of golden light flashing.
Around the disc, there were six mysterious pinkish dots of light floating in the air like little fairies.
"Ding …"
Just as they entered the palace, the six pink dots of light flew towards them and floated in front of their foreheads.
Then, a thought entered everyone's minds.
When everyone digested that thought and understood the meaning behind it, everyone's faces revealed a hint of ecstasy!
"This … actually has the ability to turn illusions into reality! This is the real reward! "Jin Hai exclaimed in surprise.
Ji Nan's eyes kept turning, and her face was full of joy.
She had spent five million fantasy points to enter the Karma Hall for the first time and had failed. She had been directly sent back to the main city.
Unconvinced, Ji Nan had decided to spend five million fantasy points and return to the Karma Hall.
For someone like her who didn't have a lot of fantasy points, this was a huge gamble. Now, Ji Nan also understood that her investment had paid off handsomely.
As for Azure Demon, he was still in a state of foolishness …
Luo Zheng stared at the pinkish dots of light in front of him with a shocked expression.
It turned out that this pinkish dot of light was actually an opportunity to bring an item out of the Illusion Battlefield.
When everyone entered the Illusion Battlefield, they entered as projections. In other words, they had perfectly replicated themselves and entered the Illusion Battlefield.
In theory, this world would produce two copies of themselves …
As for Ji Luoxue, who had two bodies with one thought, theoretically producing four Ji Luoxue …
Then, it wasn't just their physical body that had been 'duplicated'. Their treasures, True Essence Stones, spatial rings, and so on had also been duplicated.
For example, the Buddha Blade in Jin Hai's hands was one outside and one inside. Another example was Luo Zheng's Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword and Black Star Pickaxe. There was one inside the Illusion Battlefield and one outside the Illusion Battlefield.
When they left the Illusion Battlefield, the projection would disappear, and only the experience of the Illusion Battlefield would be left.
However …
This pinkish dot of light in front of them could bring their own items out.
For example, Luo Zheng could use this pinkish ribbon of light to bring the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword out of the Illusion Battlefield.
Another example was Jin Hai, who could bring a paragon artifact like the Buddha Blade out of the Illusion Battlefield …
This was tantamount to giving everyone a chance to duplicate a treasure!
The Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword was fine. It was originally Luo Zheng's own item, and Luo Zheng wouldn't choose to bring it out. Although a first-grade divine artifact was powerful, Luo Zheng only needed one. After all, he still had Shenzi Shenzi to forge a peerless divine weapon for him. As for the need for a weapon, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry.
But the Buddha Blade was different.
Even though Jin Hai's status wasn't low in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm and was second only to the prodigies, he still wasn't qualified to possess a paragon artifact.
It was just that after the Illusion Battlefield opened, the various clans would hand over their treasures to their juniors in hopes that the power of their weapons would help them achieve a good ranking.
When they left the Illusion Battlefield, Jin Hai had to return the Buddha Blade.
Now that he had brought the Buddha Blade out with this pinkish dot of light, two Buddha Blades would appear in the universe at the same time, and they would be exactly the same Buddha Blade!
After Jin Hai handed over the original Buddha Sun Blade, the other Buddha Sun Blade would permanently belong to him!
This was a happy event that was enough to drive Jin Hai crazy! Even in his dreams, he wanted to completely possess this Buddha Blade, so at this moment, he didn't hesitate at all and set the item he brought out of the Illusion Battlefield as his weapon.
"Whoosh!"
With a crisp sound, the Buddha Blade was unsheathed.
Then, Jin Hai grabbed the pinkish dot of light in his hand and gently squeezed it.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The dot of light instantly shattered into countless fine powder and drifted toward the Buddha Blade. Under the scattering of the powder, a small imprint appeared on the surface of the Buddha Blade.
Items with this imprint could be brought out of the Illusion Battlefield!
Compared to Jin Hai, Luo Zheng was slightly more conflicted.
He also had a lot of treasures in his hands …
But he wasn't in a hurry to duplicate them. Moreover, his greatest weapon was himself. He couldn't possibly duplicate himself and bring it out, right? The thought just now had clearly stated that it had to be an item.
"Item …"
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment.
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng's eyes shone brightly.
"I'm really stupid. Why must I limit it to the items I brought in? Since there's no need to duplicate them, then there's no need to duplicate them! "
Whether it was the Thunder Wind Divine Sword or the Black Star Pickaxe, these treasures weren't worth Luo Zheng duplicating them and bringing them out. After all, having one was enough.
But Luo Zheng had a treasure that belonged to the Illusion Battlefield, and that was the Teleportation Token!
If he could bring the Teleportation Token out, then wouldn't he be able to roam freely in this universe?
Now that he had been trapped in the Immortal Mansion for six years, he couldn't even take half a step out of it. This was also a serious problem …
With the Teleportation Token, even a Heavenly Venerable would find it difficult to keep him here.
But this Teleportation Token seemed to only record the main city of a large world in the Illusion Battlefield. What would happen if he brought it out of the Illusion Battlefield?
It might not even have any effect …
"Whether or not I can bring it out is another matter. After all, this Teleportation Token is a special item in the Illusion Battlefield!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly took out the Teleportation Token and grabbed the pinkish dot of light in his hand. After crushing it, the light dot turned into powder and began to drift toward the Teleportation Token.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1286
The fine powder continued to flutter and fall, gathering towards the Teleportation Medallion!
"Success?"
Luo Zheng's heart was beating wildly …
Originally, after the Illusory Battlefield closed, everything would return to dust, dust to dust. Now, he could bring the teleportation token out! How could he not be excited?
After a while, a mark the size of an ant appeared on the corner of the teleportation token!
It seemed that bringing the teleportation token out wouldn't be too much of a problem.
However, whether the teleportation token would allow him to teleport was still a question mark.
If it couldn't be used, then Luo Zheng would have wasted an excellent opportunity on the teleportation token.
This was like a gamble, but Luo Zheng was willing to take this risk. After all, if he won the bet, the benefits to Luo Zheng were self-evident. The entire universe would be unimpeded for him!
"Eh? What is this? "
Cang Mo's neck stretched over Luo Zheng's head and stared at the small teleportation token in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Whoosh …" In an instant, Luo Zheng stuffed the teleportation token into his spatial ring and said indifferently, "Nothing."
Cang Mo's eyes widened and he said discontentedly, "So mysterious …"
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about this rash fellow.
Luo Zheng wasn't the most conflicted one among this group of people.
The most conflicted one was Ji Nan …
There was a piece of Jianmu in Ji Nan's body.
This Jianmu could be considered her life source magic treasure. Moreover, the Jianmu itself was a living creature that had completely merged with her.
Generally speaking, Ji Nan shouldn't hesitate.
However, at this moment, she was holding the flame kitten in her arms, and her expression was uncertain.
She wanted to bring this flame kitten out of the Illusory Battlefield!
In fact, this flame kitten was considered a high-level law creature. Even in the Divine Fire Realm, it was quite rare. Wanting to capture this flame kitten was not an easy task.
However, her Jianmu was a legendary piece of divine wood. It could be considered a product of the Heavenly Dao. Now that she had a chance to replicate it, she was very conflicted.
"Ji Nan, what are you hesitating about?"
After putting away the Teleportation Token, Luo Zheng stared at Ji Nan and asked.
Ji Nan pursed her lips. "I'm thinking about what to bring out …"
"Hehe, what's there to consider? Your Builder Wood is naturally the best choice! "Jin Hai said.
Although Ji Nan had only used the Builder Wood as a fishing rod that could be lengthened or shortened in the Karma Hall, the astonishing life force contained within the Builder Wood was obvious to all. With the help of the Builder Wood, Ji Nan definitely had some powerful abilities that she had yet to unleash.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, Ji Nan really didn't need to hesitate.
"But, but … I want to take this kitten with me," Ji Nan said, blinking her eyes.
"You're crazy!" Jin Hai shouted.
Phantom, who was not far away, glanced at them indifferently, but did not say anything. She just smiled slightly.
What Ji Nan took away had nothing to do with the other martial artists. Outside of Karma Hall, everyone was still competitors. But in Karma Hall, everyone was a team.
This flaming kitten might be very rare, but it was definitely not a precious treasure. The price to tame a similar flaming kitten in the Divine Fire Realm was probably only equivalent to a first-grade divine tool.
It could not be compared to her piece of Jianmu wood at all.
Originally, Ji Nan was still very hesitant.
But at this moment, a firm look suddenly appeared on her face, and she crushed the pink light in her hand.
She didn't take out a piece of Builder Wood. The powder drifted towards the flaming kitten, and finally left a mark on its fur.
As for Jin Hai and the others, their eyes widened as they looked at the scene before them.
The preciousness of the pink light was self-evident, yet Ji Nan had wasted it on a cat just like that …
They were speechless. They just felt a burst of heartache!
But Ji Nan's face was full of willfulness. She didn't feel the slightest bit of regret. Instead, she teased the flaming kitten in her arms.
"Meow …"
The flaming kitten seemed to know something, and it softly acted coquettishly towards Ji Nan.
Not long after, everyone would use up their one chance.
At the same time, six exits appeared on the walls of the hall. They were the exits to leave the Karma Hall.
"After leaving the Karma Hall, will we return to our original main city?" Jin Hai asked.
Ji Nan shook her head and said, "No. The exit of the Karma Hall is fixed in one of the main cities in the Great World. All the warriors who enter the Karma Hall will eventually gather in that main city."
"If that's the case, then that main city …" Jin Hai frowned slightly.
Ji Nan nodded. "This is the original intention of the Illusory Battlefield. The warriors who can enter the Karma Hall are basically the top existences in this Great World. If the exit is fixed in one place, the collisions between them will be even more intense!"
Jin Hai raised his eyebrows slightly. A hint of fighting spirit appeared in everyone's eyes.
Among the six of them, even the weakest, Azure Demon, was an absolute overlord in his main city …
And the people they wanted to challenge were people on the same level as them!
"Then … let's go out," Phantom said.
At this moment, Ji Nan suddenly tilted her head and smiled at Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, I have a request! You're not allowed to attack us! "
"That's a good suggestion. I agree!" Azure Demon immediately chimed in.
After cooperating with each other in the Karma Hall, everyone was completely convinced by Luo Zheng. Under constant observation, they all imagined what would happen if Luo Zheng was their opponent.
This was a cruel thought. They would discover that no matter what they did, they would not be able to defeat Luo Zheng.
Therefore, whether it was Jin Hai, Phantom, Ji Nan, or the others, they were more or less afraid of Luo Zheng. So, before Ji Nan left the hall, she suddenly made such a request.
Hearing their proposal, Luo Zheng smiled and nodded.
Even Jin Hai, who thought highly of himself, did not speak. In Jin He's eyes, there were very few people he admired, and there were even fewer cultivators in the same realm that he admired. However, he had no choice but to admire Luo Zheng …
Then, everyone stepped towards the six lights!
In the center of a main city in the center of this Great World, six lights suddenly shot out, gradually forming a door of light …
"They're out, they're out! Another team has passed through the Karma Hall! "
"This team seems ordinary. Only six people survived."
"A mediocre team. I reckon that the strength of the strongest person can't be considered a Heaven's Pride …"
In the center of this main city, there were many cultivators watching.
These cultivators' strength was ordinary. They were not qualified to obtain the iron certificate, and it was even more impossible for them to have five million fantasy points. Being assigned to this main city was their bad luck.
After all, this was the exit of the Karma Hall. Those who could enter the Karma Hall were all leaders of the various main cities. As for the cultivators who could pass the Karma Hall's assessment, they were extremely rare existences. They were either Heaven's Pride or existences second only to Heaven's Pride!
Therefore, the ordinary cultivators in this main city were destined to be cannon fodder …
After the first batch of martial artists had passed through the Karma Hall, a brutal massacre had unfolded around the main city. All of the martial artists who had the strength to escape had already run away. As for the martial artists who remained in the main city, they had accepted their fate and simply stayed in the main city to watch the show, refusing to leave the city at all!
Some experts had no interest in these cannon fodder. After leaving the Karma Hall, they quickly moved to other main cities or explored more mystic realms.
However, there were still many experts who chose to stay. Since this was the exit of the Karma Hall, they were destined to encounter other experts.
Who was the sheep that contributed fantasy points and who was the wolf that stole fantasy points? That would depend on one's own ability and strength.
After Luo Zheng stepped out of the door of light, he looked around indifferently and asked, "Jin Hai, Ji Nan, what do you plan to do?"
Jin Hai's eyes flashed slightly. "I still have some things to digest. I want to find a secluded place to comprehend them."
The Past Solemnity Calamity was a Buddhist scripture and also a cultivation technique. The Past Solemnity Calamity was different from many divine martial arts. It was a very common Buddhist scripture in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm.
However, there were only a few people who could fully comprehend it.

Chapter 1287
Now that Jin Hai had received Dipankara's guidance, he naturally wanted to find a place to consolidate his understanding.
To Jin Hai, this was even more important than obtaining Dream Points.
"I also have some matters to attend to, so I'll be leaving first …" Phantom said indifferently. She didn't seem to want to stay in this main city and wanted to leave.
This small team that had been put together at the last minute was now disbanded.
As for Ji Nan, she tilted her head as she hugged the little flame cat and stared at Luo Zheng. "I'm going to follow you."
"Why are you following me?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with confusion.
"To watch you fight others," Ji Nan said with a smile.
Luo Zheng shrugged. There would definitely be a great change in the Dream Battlefield, but before that change arrived, Luo Zheng would continue to fight.
Even though his current ranking was high enough, this wasn't his goal!
Just the Karma Hall had given him such benefits. Luo Zheng wanted to see what the final result and reward of the Illusory Battlefield would be.
At this moment, several cultivators slowly walked over. There were humans and other races among them, but the one leading them was from the Demon Night Clan, a rare male from the Demon Night Clan.
"Oh, what a coincidence. Isn't this Phantom?"
This man from the Yao Night Clan had a head of green, curly hair. His slender eyes were like willow leaves, giving off a demonic feeling. There was a blood-red mole between his eyebrows, and his voice was rather frivolous.
At this moment, Phantom was about to leave, but when she heard this voice, her body trembled. She turned around, her expression gloomy.
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others blinked. They knew that this male from the Demon Night Clan had come with ill intentions.
"Ming Dao, it's you …" Phantom's voice trembled slightly. The Dream Battlefield was so large, but she hadn't expected to meet him here!
In the Karma Hall, Phantom's performance was remarkable. Although she didn't speak much, she always maintained her calm and vigilance. She hadn't expected this male from the Demon Night Clan to be able to make her so anxious. To Phantom, this male was like a nightmare.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng just rubbed his nose and stood to the side with an indifferent expression.
The green-haired male from the Demon Night Clan called Ming Dao walked towards Phantom and casually touched her chest.
The women from the Demon Night Clan had impressive figures, and Phantom was wearing a set of tight-fitting cloud leopard leather armor that accentuated her figure even more.
Ming Dao, in front of everyone's eyes, directly put his hand into the leather armor and casually touched it. Phantom didn't resist, but her expression was extremely unnatural, and her eyes filled with murderous intent!
"Hey, I haven't seen you for a few months, but you haven't grown bigger. How disappointing." Ming Dao shook his head. He felt the murderous intent in the eyes of the Phantom, but he did not care at all. He just said, "When you and I were alone, I didn't see you hate me so much. You have to pretend to be chaste in front of others?"
"You bastard!"
After being splashed with a basin of dirty water by the Underworld Dao, the Phantom finally couldn't bear it anymore.
This Phantom was introverted. Along the way, everyone knew almost nothing about her background. They didn't know anything about her.
However, just from the confrontation between the two, everyone could guess …
Phantom must have been blackmailed by this man from the Demon Night Clan called Ming Dao. Otherwise, Phantom wouldn't have reacted like this.
As for the reason, no one knew.
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in knowing. He only knew that Phantom had cooperated with him before and could be considered his friend.
At this moment, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, the most cowardly Azure Demon, and the Demon Night Clan cultivator who had no sense of existence, all gathered around.
Ming Dao glanced indifferently at the cultivators behind Phantom. His pointed chin was raised high, and his disdainful eyes swept over Luo Zheng and the others, finally stopping on Ji Nan's body and her chest. "Oh? These … are your companions who went through the Karma Hall with you, right? "
Luo Zheng's face was expressionless as he walked in front of Phantom, separating her behind him. Luo Zheng's indifferent eyes stared at this person indifferently, and he answered on behalf of Phantom, "Yes."
"What, you … want to stand up for Phantom?" Ming Dao's slender eyes deliberately widened, and his expression was very exaggerated and playful.
"Not us, just me," Luo Zheng said indifferently. "I'm not standing up for her. I just don't like you, so I want to torture you to death."
Luo Zheng's expression and tone were incomparably calm, but the content of his words was very arrogant. He wasn't an arrogant person, but in the face of such a guy, Luo Zheng could only treat him with contempt.
Luo Zheng's words stunned Ming Dao. He never thought that someone would dare to speak to him like this.
"Torture me to death? Hahahaha … "Ming Dao laughed wildly.
The several cultivators following behind Ming Dao also began to laugh maniacally. These cultivators were from the Human Race, the Night Demon Race, the Night Race, and other races. They were also people who had entered the Karma Hall with Ming Dao, and they had formed a temporary team.
Because this main city was set as the exit of the Karma Hall, the competition in this main city was very fierce, and the number of Fantasy Points transferred was also very large.
When cultivators from other main cities fought, there would often be one or two people in each main city with millions of Fantasy Points. Killing one person would give at least a few hundred Fantasy Points, and at most hundreds of thousands of Fantasy Points.
But in this main city, a battle between cultivators could easily absorb tens of millions of Fantasy Points, or even tens of millions of Fantasy Points …
But because the number of Fantasy Points was too large, many of the geniuses who passed through the Karma Hall were very vigilant. They either hid in the city and refused to leave, or they fought in groups!
After passing through the Karma Hall, many people were already familiar with each other. Now that they left the Karma Hall, they naturally grouped together!
In this main city, there were three teams that practically monopolized the entire main city. The other cultivators were simply unable to contend with them.
And the favorite targets of these teams were naturally the powerhouses who passed through the Karma Hall …
Any cultivator who could pass through the Karma Hall was indeed very strong, but the number of Fantasy Points they had far surpassed ordinary cultivators.
And Ming Dao was the core of one of the teams!
They guarded the west gate of the main city and had plundered countless powerhouses' Fantasy Points. Among them, there was even a prodigy who had been killed by them.
Seeing these people laughing so wildly, Azure Demon also suddenly laughed out loud.
The Demon race cultivator's voice was loud, and his laughter was like thunder, instantly suppressing Ming Dao's voice.
Ming Dao frowned, stared at Azure Demon, and asked, "You, what are you laughing at?"
"Nothing. I saw you laughing, so I laughed too!" Azure Demon waved his hand and continued laughing.
This answer caused Luo Zheng to reveal a faint smile. This Azure Demon was quite useful …
Ming Dao coldly snorted and turned to stare at the Phantom behind Luo Zheng. "In a while, outside the city, let me kill you three times and give me all your Fantasy Points." After saying that, he stared intently at Luo Zheng. "As for you, I wonder if you dare to leave the city and fight?" "Yes.
"There doesn't seem to be a single prodigy in this group, right?"
"An existence that can't withstand a single blow is basically a coward!"
"Ming Dao … don't expect them to leave the city. These guys will definitely hide in the city. I've already seen several groups of such guys."
The cultivator behind Ming Dao didn't forget to ridicule Luo Zheng at this moment.
Cold killing intent appeared in the eyes of Ji Nan and Jin Hai. Jin Hai was just about to speak but was stopped by the Phantom.

Chapter 1288
The Yao Night Clan was divided into six factions.
These six factions were the most ancient clans of the Yao Night Clan.
It was because these clans possessed the bloodline of the ancient Yao Night Clan that the Three Kings were born from these six clans.
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow had risen to become the fourth Heavenly Venerate of the Yao Night Clan with Yao's help. Naturally, his clan had soared as well.
Even within the Yao Night Clan, where the Three Kings reigned supreme, there were still internal conflicts.
These six factions controlled the Elder Council and relied on the Three Kings to maintain the balance within the Yao Night Clan.
However, with Xun's disappearance, the balance was broken.
Among them, the two factions under the King of Life maintained their silence. Just like the King of Life, they didn't express any opinion on Yao's arbitrary decision.
As for the two factions that relied on the King of Massacre, one of them had sided with Yao, while the other had pledged to follow Xun to the death. Therefore, Yao had directly dealt with them.
This faction was the owner of the Yao Night Clan's Holy Spear. Generations of Massacre Kings had used their Holy Spear, so they were also known as the Holy Spear Faction.
The Holy Spear Faction's situation in the Yao Night Clan could only be described as extremely difficult. They either chose to hide or were forcefully enslaved by other factions. If they were men, they would be forced to do hard labor. If they were beautiful women, they would be treated as playthings.
Huan Ling was the daughter of the Holy Spear Faction's leader.
If it weren't for the two Kings fighting each other, Huan Ling would probably be a prodigy of the Yao Night Clan.
Now, Huan Ling was just a plaything in the Underworld Dao's harem.
After Ji Nan saw Luo Zheng's real name in the Emperor's Gallery, she became more and more interested.
When Huan Ling saw the name "Luo Zheng" in front of the Emperor's Gallery, her excitement could not be described with words.
The news of Xun had already spread throughout the Yao Night Clan in the past few years.
Even in her dreams, Huan Ling hoped that Luo Zheng would eventually return to his throne with Xun. Only then would the Holy Spear Faction welcome a glimmer of hope. Only then would Huan Ling be able to regain her freedom.
When news of Xun had first spread through the universe, the Holy Spear Faction had not thought too much about it.
From their point of view, it was impossible for the current Xun to fight against Yao. Just like what Yao said, Xun did not have the qualifications to compete with her.
However, as things continued to develop, that Luo Zheng actually killed Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow!
Not only had he killed Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow, but he had also killed three Heavenly Venerates from other races …
Ming Dao was the son of Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow.
During those days, Phantom secretly looked at Ming Dao's soulless appearance, but she was very happy in her heart!
At the same time, the name Luo Zheng was deeply engraved in the mind of the Phantom.
She knew that he was the hope of the Holy Spear Sect, and also her biggest hope …
How could she not be happy to meet Luo Zheng in the Dream Battlefield?
Although she was extremely excited, she didn't show it on her face. She didn't say anything and didn't dare to do anything.
Luo Zheng was not strong enough now. He needed to go down his own path. Phantom regarded Luo Zheng as a cautious hope. They could not wait to protect him, so how could they be willing to disturb him?
Even if she was very confident in Luo Zheng's strength, she didn't want him to get into trouble here because of her.
Therefore, Phantom chose to remain silent and say such words.
However, she didn't know Luo Zheng's character.
When Luo Zheng heard that Ming Dao was the son of Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow, a warm smile suddenly bloomed on his face. He looked at Ming Dao and said, "So, you are the son of Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow?"
"Heh," Ming Dao smiled proudly, "Now that you know, it's too late to regret it. The five of you, kneel down and let me kill you three times … I can consider letting you go!"
Not far away, Azure Demon crossed his arms and grinned, "There are six of us, right? Don't you know how to count? "
Even someone as timid as Azure Demon chose to advance and retreat together with Phantom …
Ming Dao coldly snorted and turned his gaze to Ji Nan. "I, Ming Dao, have no other hobbies than to collect beautiful women. This human beauty also has a unique flavor. If you can accompany me in this Illusory Battlefield, I can spare you from death."
Ji Nan tilted her head and curled her lips. She didn't retreat at all, but stared at Ming Dao and said, "Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow is just a mediocre lower Heavenly Sovereign. If you want me to accompany you, this Illusory Battlefield is really inconvenient. After all, it's just an ethereal projection. It's not as happy as in reality."
"Then where is this girl? I can travel thousands of miles to find her." Ming Dao looked at Ji Nan's lips with a frivolous smile.
Ming Dao naturally couldn't really travel across countless great worlds just for a beautiful woman …
However, the vast majority of martial artists in this Illusory Battlefield were young martial artists. It was impossible for them to lose to each other in terms of momentum.
As long as this woman wasn't the daughter of some great clan's Heavenly Sovereign and was just an ordinary tenth-grade Holy Land genius, it shouldn't be difficult for Ming Dao to take her away with his current strength.
Ji Nan only lightly spat out two words. "Ji Family." Then, she smiled charmingly at Ming Dao and asked, "Do you dare to come? Not to mention your useless father, even if the King of Punishment personally brought you here, would he dare to come to the Ji Family? "
Ji Nan was indeed not a direct descendant of a Heavenly Sovereign, but her status in the Ji Family was second only to the two Ji Family prodigies …
In this universe, who could go to the Ji Family and casually take away a member of the Ji Family?
Therefore, when Ji Nan revealed her origins, Ming Dao's expression instantly froze. He didn't expect this woman to be a member of the Ji Family.
"Hmph, I don't care where you're from. This is the Illusory Battlefield. Whoever is stronger will be king!" Ming Dao changed the topic and circled back to his original words.
Ji Nan ridiculed, "Wouldn't it have been better if you said so earlier!"
Then, she walked over and patted Luo Zheng's strong arm. She smiled softly and said, "The rest is up to you!"
This battle was simply unavoidable.
The two teams moved out of the main city.
At the same time, a large group of cultivators followed behind them.
These cultivators didn't have the strength to fight with these prodigies, but they had the right to watch the show …
"Tit for tat! That woman is actually from the Ji Family!"
"So what if she's from the Ji Family? She's most likely not a prodigy from the Ji Family … "
"I don't think that woman intends to make a move. She seems to want that young man to do it. What's his background?"
"No matter what his background is, I'm afraid he'll suffer in the end. Ming Dao is a prodigy of the Fiend Night Clan and the son of Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow. His strength is unfathomable!"
As everyone discussed, Huan Ling's expression was very complicated.
She didn't speak much to begin with, so she didn't know what to do at this moment. She could only hope that Luo Zheng could really defeat Ming Dao …
Although Luo Zheng had displayed extraordinary strength in the Karma Hall and even killed a prodigy in the third Karma Hall, he hadn't relied on his own strength. Instead, he had used the rules of the Karma Hall to kill that prodigy. Would he be a match for a prodigy?
Ji Nan, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, Cang Mo, and Ansi stood on the city wall.
The first to leave the city wall was Ming Dao. After stepping out of the city wall, he flew into the air. After taking a dozen steps, he turned to look at Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng hadn't left the city, he said, "Friend, don't tell me you're regretting it at the last moment? If you're willing to be a coward, I can't do anything to you if you stay in the main city. "
Although Ming Dao said this, he was afraid that Luo Zheng wouldn't leave the city. If that happened, he really wouldn't be able to do anything to Luo Zheng. He was only saying this to provoke him.
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. "I'm not regretting it. I'm just waiting for some things. If those things don't come, that's naturally for the best!"
"What things …"
At this moment, many small black dots floated over from both sides of the city wall.
"Cough, cough, cough …"
They were the hundreds of small skulls. They couldn't enter the city, so they circled outside the main city.
Now that Luo Zheng had come to the west side of the main city, they naturally gathered around.
Luo Zheng sighed softly. It seemed that it was difficult to get rid of these small skulls. Even if he left the Karma Hall, they could still follow him out. He really didn't know how they did it.
"What the hell is this?" Ming Dao's face was full of astonishment as he stared at the constantly gathering skulls.
Luo Zheng stepped out of the city wall. All the small skulls rushed toward Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng didn't care. He grabbed a small skull and held it in his hand. He pointed the small skull's black eye sockets at Ming Dao, but his face showed a smile that was both good and evil. "You don't need to know what this small skull is. You only need to know that I killed your father. Now, I don't care how many times I kill his son …"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1289
When Luo Zheng finished speaking, there was a hint of confusion in Ming Dao's willow-leaf-like eyes.
After all, Luo Zheng's words were too sudden …
But at the instant he understood, his entire body shook abruptly, and he revealed a wisp of strong killing intent!
"You, you are Luo Zheng!"
Ming Dao was the only son of Empyrean Broken Shadow!
Although the Demon Night Clan was innately powerful, what limited the development of this clan was their ability to reproduce. Even though Empyrean Broken Shadow had many women, he only had one descendant, Ming Dao.
When the news of Empyrean Broken Shadow's death spread, it was a great blow to Ming Dao.
To Ming Dao, Luo Zheng was the murderer of his father.
Although he had never seen Luo Zheng before, he had fantasized countless times in his mind. In this life, he would kill Luo Zheng with his own hands!
It was just that Ming Dao never imagined that he would run into Luo Zheng in the Dream Battlefield!
"No way, that fellow is Luo Zheng!"
"The fellow who killed four Empyreans?"
"Speaking of which, the stories he told with the Roaring Command were quite good …"
"Hehe, this is wonderful. It's normal if you think about it. As a Divine Sea realm martial artist, Luo Zheng will inevitably step into the Dream Battlefield. To be able to see this boy with our own eyes is our good fortune!"
"I want to know, if this fellow has the ability to kill Empyreans, just how strong is he?"
After Luo Zheng's identity was revealed, it immediately caused a heated discussion atop the city walls.
Before, everyone had only watched powerhouses fight, but in the hearts of most martial artists, they believed that with Ming Dao's strength, Luo Zheng would suffer a great loss here.
But now, things were different!
Luo Zheng was a legendary existence. Although his strength was ordinary, his fame was greater than that of some Empyreans!
In the universe, there were only 128 Empyreans. Many martial artists might not be able to recognize all 128 Empyreans, but Luo Zheng … it was impossible for them not to recognize him. This was because this fellow had used the Roaring Command to bombard their ears for six years!
"Yes, I am Luo Zheng." Luo Zheng lightly nodded.
A surge of murderous aura shot up into the sky from Ming Dao's body. That murderous aura was like a demonic beast that almost took form in the air …
"I really didn't expect to meet you in the Illusory Battlefield!" Ming Dao glared at Luo Zheng. His eyes were filled with killing intent, as if he wanted to pierce through Luo Zheng. "It's a pity that this is the Illusory Battlefield. I can't really kill you …"
Although the killing intent in his eyes was strong, the expression on his face was extremely cautious.
Some people said that Luo Zheng was only relying on that divine immortal residence, and that he himself was just an ordinary ascender …
Facing this kind of rumor, Ming Dao was disdainful.
Since this immortal abode had the ability to kill Celestial Venerables, then how could the inheritance in the immortal abode be child's play?
This Luo Zheng already knew that he was Broken Shadow Empyrean's son in the main city, but he didn't reveal his identity. Instead, he only revealed his identity after leaving the city. It was clear that he was afraid that after learning that he was Luo Zheng, he would refuse to leave the city …
In other words, Luo Zheng was fully confident that he could kill him?
With a thought, Ming Dao came up with this analysis in his mind!
He wasn't a brainless person. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to become a heaven's pride. Even if he was the son of a Celestial Venerate, if he wanted to become a heaven's pride of a race, he had to rely on his own talent and hard work!
Therefore, although many of the sons of Celestial Venerates in the universe had excellent aptitudes, they still weren't heaven's pride …
The monstrous killing intent that escaped gradually dissipated in the air.
Although Ming Dao's killing intent was strong, he didn't rely on it to fight his enemies. It was just a way for him to vent his emotions.
After calming down, the killing intent on his body completely dissipated, replaced by absolute calmness.
Although he couldn't really kill Luo Zheng in the Illusory Battlefield, he also understood that this was just a rehearsal. The battle between him and Luo Zheng would eventually take place one day …
"You … are very confident."
"It's good to be confident. For us martial artists, if we want to take a step forward in this difficult martial path, the martial path is the first …"
"But blind confidence is also a kind of stupidity!"
A cold smile appeared on Ming Dao's calm face. With a light flick of his finger, two spear tips dropped out from his Sumeru Ring.
This was a strangely shaped spear.
The shaft of the spear was made up of two long shafts, one black and one white. They twisted around each other in a spiral and gradually extended out. When they reached the front of the spear shaft, the two long shafts parted, each turning into a sharp spear tip!
This was a double-pointed spear with two spear tips!
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed as he stared at this double-pointed spear. He frowned slightly.
Black and white double-pointed spear …
He seemed to have heard of it from Kaoru.
"Luo Zheng, be careful. That's the Holy Spear of my Fiend Night Clan," Phantom whispered from atop the city wall.
It wasn't just Phantom. When the other martial artists of the Fiend Night Clan saw this Holy Spear, their expressions became extremely solemn.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter …
The Fiend Night Clan's strongest weapon.
Ever since the ancient Fiend Night Clan's inheritance, it had been in the top ten of the Universe Myriad Spirit Tablet. Until now, its ranking had never dropped even once!
This Holy Spear of Slaughter didn't belong to anyone. It didn't even belong to Kaoru. According to the rules of the Fiend Night Clan, only Kaoru had the right to use this Holy Spear of Slaughter.
But now, the Holy Spear of Slaughter had been brought into the Illusory Battlefield by Ming Dao …
Many of the Fiend Night Clan members sighed in their hearts.
In the past, this kind of thing would never have happened …
When the Illusory Battlefield opened, many prodigies had indeed borrowed their clan's supreme artifacts. For example, Jin Hai had borrowed the Sun Buddha Blade. After all, it was only a projection of the Sun Buddha Blade. It wouldn't be lost, and it wouldn't damage the real Sun Buddha Blade.
However, the Holy Spear of Slaughter wasn't just a supreme artifact. Like the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer, it was a symbol of the Fiend Night Clan's king.
The Holy Lightning Chained Hammer represented punishment, while the Holy Spear of Slaughter represented slaughter.
How could they lend such a precious treasure to a prodigy?
"Sigh, the Fiend Night Clan these days … They're simply too reckless …"
"Ever since Yao took over, there have been no rules in the Fiend Night Clan."
"In any case, they call the shots …"
Some of the Fiend Night Clan members on the city walls sighed in their hearts.
Ming Dao gripped the Holy Spear of Slaughter tightly as he stared at Luo Zheng and said calmly, "I originally planned to use this Holy Spear of Slaughter against those Daoists. I didn't plan on using it now …"
This was only the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield. The clashes in this Illusory Battlefield would only become more and more intense.
As he spoke, he lightly waved the spear and pointed it at Luo Zheng. "This treatment is enough for you to be proud of!"
Upon hearing Ming Dao's words, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "What an honor. However, this spear doesn't seem to belong to you, right?"
"Since it's in my hands, of course it belongs to me," Ming Dao said proudly. As a member of the Fiend Night Clan, he naturally knew what the Holy Spear of Slaughter meant.
Luo Zheng stared at the spear, deep in thought.
What a pity …
If he could seize this Holy Spear and use the Karma Hall's reward to make a copy of it and give it to Xun, that would be perfect.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slowly drew a longsword from his spatial ring. It was the Lightning-Wind Divine Sword.
As the longsword swung, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. "Since you're so shameless as to claim your clan's Holy Spear as your own, then I have nothing to say …"
"If you have nothing to say, then die! Hahaha … "
At this moment, Ming Dao attacked without warning. Although he was confident that he could defeat Luo Zheng, his personality was cold and stubborn. Even if he had an absolute advantage, he would still go all out. Moreover, Ming Dao wasn't sure of Luo Zheng's true strength right now.
Using a surprise attack was in line with Ming Dao's personality!
The Holy Spear of Slaughter suddenly spun in Ming Dao's hands. Two cold rays of light flashed from the two spears, and then the spear pierced towards Luo Zheng!
A huge spear shadow emerged from the Holy Spear of Slaughter. The spear shadow spun wildly and shot towards Luo Zheng.
The spear shadow contained an oppressive might, as if it could pierce through everything.
This was the most basic technique of the Holy Spear of Slaughter, Single Thought!

Chapter 1290
When Ji Nan saw the Holy Spear of Slaughter, she felt her heart palpitate.
The piece of Builder Wood in her body even gave Ji Nan a warning. She could feel the uniqueness of this spear!
The black and white materials used to create the Holy Spear of Slaughter seemed to resonate with the Creation Wood in her body.
She naturally did not know that the black and white shaft of the Holy Spear of Slaughter also came from the other two Divine Woods.
The Eastern Hibiscus, the Western Ruo Wood, the Northern Star Creation Wood, and the Southern Dipper Seeker Wood.
These were the legendary Four Divine Woods.
The Four Divine Woods were existences that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
Hibiscus had never appeared in the universe before.
The Creation Wood had only appeared once with Ji Nan's birth.
As for the Seeker Wood and the Ruo Wood, they had been placed here since the birth of the universe.
The reason was simple. Ruo Mu was a suitable place for the sun to reside in. When the many living beings in the universe were born, the sun that could illuminate all living things was incredibly important. It could be said that the final step in the creation of the universe was to light up the sun, and Ruo Mu was a crucial step.
As for the Seeker Wood, its reproduction speed was extremely fast. Its roots were almost everywhere, supporting the entire universe's 100,000 Great Realms and millions of Great Chiliocosms. However, although this kind of wood was everywhere, it was nowhere to be found. Therefore, it was called the Seeker Wood.
The Seeker Wood was white, and the Ruo Wood was black.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was made from the Seeker Wood and the Ruo Wood.
Therefore, when Ji Nan sensed the power of these two Divine Woods, she could not help but remind Luo Zheng.
Even without Ji Nan's reminder, Luo Zheng knew that this spear shadow could not be resisted. His figure twisted in midair and quickly dodged to the side.
"Eight-Turn Flying Smoke!"
The spear shadow came straight for him at an extremely fast speed. In order to be safe, Luo Zheng directly used Eight-Turn Flying Smoke.
With Luo Zheng's own dodging and Ba Qu Flying Smoke pushing back, the spear finally swept past his side and heavily stabbed into the city wall.
"Rumble …"
It was at this moment that a strange scene occurred.
A small hole was drilled into the indestructible city wall by the crazily spinning spear shadow!
Because this spear had two spear tips, as it spun, it was equivalent to digging out a piece from the city wall.
"This power …"
Even Luo Zheng was stunned.
Although the Holy Spear of Slaughter had only drilled a fist-sized hole in the city wall, it was enough to shock everyone present.
The city wall contained the Heavenly Dao rules.
With the Heavenly Dao rules, the city wall was an impenetrable existence.
Not to mention the Divine Sea Realm, even if an Extreme God Realm, Divine Transformation Realm, or even a World Lord personally came, they wouldn't be able to move the city walls in the slightest. It would be impossible for them to even peel off a single brick from the city walls.
Only an Empyrean who had inherited the Mandate of Heaven would be able to break through this wall. Because of the Mandate of Heaven, they would be able to control a portion of the Heavenly Dao.
......... com................................................
"Hmph, you dodged pretty quickly, but let's see how long you can hide!"
The long spear in Ming Dao's hand pierced forward continuously …
No Turning Thought. This was only the Holy Spear of Slaughter's basic spear skill. It didn't consume much true essence, but its power was truly abnormal!
The giant spear shadows shot towards Luo Zheng as if they didn't cost anything!
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
If those spear shadows were to shoot towards the ground outside the city walls, they would directly drill into the depths of the ground and disappear. No one knew where they would drill to before they dissipated. The entire ground was filled with a muffled rumbling sound all the time.
The spear shadows that shot towards the city wall left behind small holes.
However, as Luo Zheng dodged, a shadow of a spear suddenly shot out and shot into the main city!
Above the city walls of the main cities, there was an invisible protective layer formed by the Heavenly Dao Laws. It was also a protective layer that was like a thin film that covered the various main cities.
As the spear shadow pierced through, it actually pierced through the invisible membrane!
The city walls were densely packed with martial artists!
According to convention, everyone knew that within the city, the boundary of the city wall was an absolute safe zone. No matter how fierce the battle between martial artists was, they couldn't cross it.
The martial artists in front, in order to see more clearly, stuck close to the edge of the city wall.
Puff!
The sound of air leaking could be heard.
That spear shadow, which had no hesitation, directly pierced through this thin film and pierced the body of a martial artist.
Because this scene happened in an instant, the martial artist didn't even have time to react. He was still watching Luo Zheng, who was constantly dodging, attentively observing Luo Zheng's strange movement skill. This martial artist might not be able to learn Luo Zheng's Eight Winding Smoke, but he was able to gain some insight from it. It was already a great harvest.
That spear shadow directly pierced through the martial artist's chest, leaving behind a smooth and round bloody hole. He had been pierced through by this spear shadow!
But he still maintained his standing posture, and his expression didn't change much …
"Hey … you!"
Until the martial artist beside him pointed at his chest.
The martial artist lowered his head and saw the large hole in his chest. Only then did he react. He fell to the ground with a loud bang, bursting into balls of illusory light. The martial artist's corpse gradually disappeared, and his soul flew back to the city to be resurrected.
Legend had it that some people didn't even know they had died. Although their vitality was cut off, they could still walk as if they were flying. They were no different from a living person. But when others told them that they were dead, they would immediately die.
Perhaps this legend was adapted from this kind of incident …
No matter what, when the martial artists on the city wall saw this scene, their expressions changed greatly.
They finally understood that the city wasn't indestructible. Although the Heavenly Dao Law was incomparably tyrannical, there were still some powerful people in the universe who could break it!
In an instant, all the martial artists on the city wall began to retreat.
They indeed liked to watch a show, but it wasn't worth it to lose their lives for it. Although one could revive after dying in the Illusory Battlefield, no one would complain about having too many Fantasy Points. Squandering their Fantasy Points just to watch a show was a waste of their Fantasy Points.
"Retreat, retreat!"
"Let's stand further away and watch …"
"I was standing behind that person just now. Fortunately, the spear shadow was quickly obliterated by the Heavenly Dao Law. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to escape death!"
Amidst the commotion, these martial artists left the city wall one after another, crowding on the other buildings in the city to watch. Some timid martial artists weren't willing to give up the opportunity to watch the battle, so they simply looked for a more hidden corner and poked their heads out to watch.
In this way, the city wall was empty.
However, Ji Nan, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, Cang Mo, and the others didn't choose to leave. Their strength might be inferior to Luo Zheng and Ming Dao, but the difference wasn't too great. When the spear shadow penetrated the light membrane, its speed would be greatly reduced. With their strength, dodging it wasn't difficult.
The martial artists who followed Ming Dao also didn't leave. In addition to these two groups of people, there were some more courageous martial artists or martial artists who liked to be in the limelight standing on the city wall …
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The speed of the spear shadow was extremely fast. Luo Zheng could only maintain an extremely high speed, circling around Ming Dao.
In less than thirty breaths of time, Luo Zheng had already dodged hundreds of spear shadows, but almost every one of them was extremely dangerous. He relied on his own dodging strength and the Eight Winding Smoke Flying Technique to barely dodge them.
"This can't go on. There will be a time when I'll be hit by the spear shadow!"
Although Luo Zheng was very confident in the strength of his body, he didn't think that he could take a spear without being injured!
With a flash of his eyes, Luo Zheng once again flashed past the spear shadow, and at the same time, a dark golden longbow appeared in his hand!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!"
The longbow suddenly appeared in his hand, and three black lights were shot out by Luo Zheng!
"A third-grade divine artifact bow and arrow … Naive!"
Ming Dao's face was full of disdain. The spear in his hand spun twice like a windmill.
"Dang, dang, dang …"

Chapter 1291
This longbow had been obtained from the four Divine Kingdoms and was considered a pseudo-divine artifact. Luo Zheng didn't really expect it to cause any trouble for Ming Dao.
But as he fired the three arrows, he held the sword in one hand and rapidly approached Ming Dao like a shuttle!
After Ming Dao deflected the three arrows, he saw Luo Zheng coming straight for him. His expression was still calm …
To be honest, even as a prodigy, Ming Dao felt a little uneasy after discovering that his opponent was Luo Zheng.
Now, many races actually didn't care much about Luo Zheng killing Heavenly Venerables. But many large races still sent many Realm Lords to surround the immortal abode tightly. In these five or six years, they hadn't relaxed for a moment. Their target wasn't Luo Zheng, but the immortal abode itself.
This Luo Zheng was definitely a strong opponent with the immortal abode's inheritance.
But after seeing the first-grade divine artifact longsword in Luo Zheng's hand, Ming Dao's heart completely relaxed …
Does this immortal abode lack a weapon inheritance?
It's just a first-grade divine artifact. What can you use to fight me?
Looks like the rumors about this immortal abode's inheritance have been exaggerated …
Ming Dao naturally didn't know. This immortal abode didn't have any ready-made weapons, but it did have some extremely rare materials.
He only knew that with this Holy Spear of Massacre, he was practically undefeatable.
"Childish!"
Seeing Luo Zheng rapidly approaching him, Ming Dao suddenly swung the spear!
A blood-red light escaped from the double-pointed spear. This light was like a dragon, circling in the air and spreading out like a fan!
"Twin Killing Intent!"
The second spear technique of the Holy Spear of Massacre!
This Holy Spear of Massacre had extremely pure destructive power.
Some of the supreme divine artifacts on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele had different uses. Some weapons contained extremely bizarre karma laws, and each had different ways of killing people.
But in terms of pure destructive power and sharpness, the Holy Spear of Massacre was definitely in the top three!
Swoosh!
This blood-red light spread out. Luo Zheng frowned slightly, but he was forced back dozens of feet by this light.
With the Nether Dao spear in hand, a wisp of a cold smile appeared on his face. "I didn't expect that the renowned Luo Zheng is also just a coward who only knows how to retreat and run when fighting others. Haha!"
Ever since the two had started fighting, Luo Zheng had been constantly retreating. Indeed, he was helpless against Ming Dao with the Holy Spear …
"There's no choice. This Holy Spear of Massacre is the Fiend clan's number one weapon!"
"With this weapon, hehe, even an ordinary martial artist would have the strength to fight against a Heaven's Chosen!"
"Ming Dao's only by relying on his weapon's advantage a lot …"
Many warriors discussed in hushed voices.
Hearing Ming Dao's's words. com Luo's by relying on his weapon's's a lot of their own. If you have the guts, get a Sacred Slaughter Spear too! "
Fights between martial artists were never fair.
In this world, there would always be someone who was stronger than you in all aspects. His talent was stronger than yours, his luck was stronger than yours, and his weapon was also stronger than yours …
There was no point in saying such things.
Luo Zheng didn't have any complaints. After Ming Dao took out the Holy Spear of Massacre, he saw the Holy Spear of Massacre and Ming Dao as one. All he thought about was how to defeat Ming Dao who had the Holy Spear of Massacre.
Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air, suddenly raised the long sword in his hand high. Then, he ran his hand along the body of the long sword all the way to the tip of the sword.
Finally, his two fingers stopped at the tip of the sword. He clamped the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword's tip and pointed the sword's hilt at Ming Dao …
This was a strange action.
Ji Nan, Azure Demon, Phantom, and the others were all puzzled by this scene …
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly …
In the Emperor's Promenade, Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the Yi God's Sword.
The Yi Sword Art that Chen Huang created didn't only have one move!
At the peak of the Massacre Sword Mountain, he and Chen Huang had played millions of sword moves.
That was actually an exchange, and not a competition of sword moves …
The chess was about sword moves, but it was about the understanding of the Sword Dao, about the understanding of both sides.
This was a game of chess.
Both sides used their swords as chess pieces. They robbed, lifted the pieces, tightened their qi, and drew the ground …
Sharp, long, standing, block, parallel, top, climb, suppress …
The Yi Sword Art didn't only have one move. On the contrary, the so-called Yi God's Sword could transform into almost any sword move! It was ever-changing!
At the crucial moment, using the most appropriate sword move and launching the fiercest attack. This was the core of the Yi Sword Art!
To do this, it was like playing chess. Not only did one need to be extremely familiar with oneself, one also needed to see through the opponent's every move.
Luo Zheng pointed the sword's hilt at Ming Dao. He wanted to switch places and guess his next move.
Ming Dao looked indifferently at Luo Zheng and coldly snorted. "Pretending to be mysterious!"
The Holy Spear of Massacre stabbed out again. Without hesitation, the huge spear shadows shot out ten times and went straight for Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was still standing in the same place, still holding the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword's tip …
"That brat still hasn't dodged!"
"If he doesn't dodge, I'm afraid he'll be killed by those spear shadows!"
"Luo Zheng, don't be in a daze!"
Seeing those spear shadows flying over and less than ten feet away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly opened. There was a smile on his face, and when the smile disappeared, all the emotions in his eyes were severed!
After severing his emotions, Luo Zheng's thoughts would enter a very strange state.
In this state, Luo Zheng's state of mind didn't fluctuate at all. He didn't know joy or fear …
With a slight flick of his finger, the long sword flew in the air and changed direction. Holding the long sword in his hand, he rushed towards those spear shadows!
Luo Zheng's long sword gently turned and blocked the sword!
It was still a basic sword technique, but now Luo Zheng's understanding of this most common sword technique had risen to another level.
This sword parry would be able to parry any attack!
"Ding!"
The first huge spear shadow pierced through. Everyone only felt that Luo Zheng's long sword was slightly blocked, and the spear shadow directly changed direction and flew in another direction.
"Ding!"
The second huge spear shadow was the same!
"Ding ding ding ding …"
These spear shadows shot over, and there seemed to be an invisible force field in front of Luo Zheng. Any huge spear shadow that approached Luo Zheng was pushed away by that invisible force. In everyone's eyes, this was simply a magical skill!
And to do this, Luo Zheng only relied on an ordinary defensive sword move, the sword block.
The long sword was not placed at the top of the double-pointed spear, but along the spear shaft. This was the weak point of the spear, like the seven inches of a snake!
The Thunder Wind Ghost Sword was simply unable to directly confront the huge spear shadow. However, in this state, Luo Zheng's control of everything was extremely accurate, to the point that it made one's hair stand on end!
"One Thought No Turning!"
Seeing this scene, Ming Dao's heart began to panic for no reason!
These spear shadows flew out, but they couldn't stop Luo Zheng at all. He was actually able to block them so easily?
This guy … How did he do it?
Luo Zheng didn't give Ming Dao too much time to think. The essence of the Yi Sword Technique was everywhere, suppressing his opponent and not giving him time to think!
"Ding ding ding …"
After blocking the huge spear shadows, Luo Zheng quickly approached Ming Dao.
"You! Die for me! "
The Sacred Slaughter Spear once again shot out a blood-red light!
"Twin Killing Intent!"
"Ding!"
This time, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Sword once again blocked. This time, the long sword directly blocked the upper half of the Sacred Slaughter Spear's shaft.
That incomparably powerful Twin Killing Intent was cut off by Luo Zheng's sword before it could even be unleashed …
As a prodigy, Ming Dao's reaction speed was extremely fast!
The moment his spear was blocked by Luo Zheng, he quickly retreated!
At the same time, the long spear rapidly retracted along his armpit. As he retreated, Ming Dao turned a circle. The long spear had just retracted when it once again stabbed towards Luo Zheng from another direction!
"Reincarnation Pierce!"
Ming Dao was also anxious. He didn't have time to activate the Sacred Slaughter Spear's spear technique, so he used his most commonly used spear technique!
However …
Luo Zheng seemed to have foresight. As if he could predict Ming Dao's spear, he retracted half a foot to the left in advance.
This Reincarnation Pierce naturally missed and slid past Luo Zheng's shoulder!
A battle between martial artists was like a game of chess.
A wrong move would ruin the whole situation.
Luo Zheng had foresight. After tricking Ming Dao into revealing this flaw, he followed him like a shadow. He wouldn't give his opponent the slightest chance!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1292
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he might be able to take down Ming Dao in an extremely violent manner if he used all his strength.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was indeed very powerful.
However, if Luo Zheng dodged the attack and used the explosive might of the Yi God Sword and the vast amount of Primal Chaos Energy, he could exhaust Ming Dao to death.
However, Luo Zheng gained a lot from this game of chess with Chen Huang Yi Shen.
And this Ming Dao was the most suitable person to test his sword!
After getting close to each other, the two began to fight at close quarters.
Ming Dao wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng by retreating rapidly, but Luo Zheng would not give him the chance. He always kept a distance of three feet from him!
"Ding, ding, ding, ding …"
The Holy Spear of Slaughter pointed, stabbed, and swung …
However, when each move was only half done, Luo Zheng could predict it in advance and block it with the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword in front of him!
At this moment, Ming Dao felt that he was shackled by invisible shackles!
He clearly had the strength of a prodigy, and he clearly had the Holy Spear of Slaughter …
Not to mention those prodigies, even those Daoists would find it difficult to resist this spear!
The premise was that he could stab …
Luo Zheng's face was calm and emotionless like a zombie. However, Ming Dao saw this expression and saw it as a great mockery.
When the many cultivators on the city walls saw the two fighting to such an extent, their eyes filled with shock.
This fight was not like a fight between Divine Sea Realm warriors.
"Luo Zheng … is really strong. He didn't use any martial arts techniques. He only used a long sword to completely seal Ming Dao and make him unable to use his full strength!"
"This Ming Dao is a bit stupid. He has the Holy Spear of Slaughter but has no chance to fight back! If I were Ming Dao, I would definitely cut off all means of retreat and counterattack! "
"I think you are the stupid one. In this case, Ming Dao has no chance to fight to the death. Because before that happens, Luo Zheng will kill him!"
Ji Nan held the flame kitten in her arms and stared at Luo Zheng's moves. Her eyes flashed with a strange light. "This guy should be testing his sword …"
"Using a Heaven's Pride to test his sword, hehe, I underestimated Luo Zheng's courage and strength," Jin Hai said with a faint smile.
Although Luo Zheng's previous performance was incomparably stunning, everyone only regarded Luo Zheng as a prodigy …
Even among geniuses, there were differences in strength.
For example, Ji Luoxue was an elite amongst prodigies, and his strength was already close to that of a Daoist. So long as he comprehended some more, he would be able to comprehend the Divine Dao and become a Daoist. Then, he would be a candidate to become a True God …
As for ordinary prodigies, there was still quite a gap between them and a Daoist.
But now, Ji Nan once again adjusted her judgment. Luo Zheng and Ji Luoxue at his peak were probably on par …
"Get out of my way!"
At this moment, Ming Dao's heart was filled with anger!
If Luo Zheng had supreme strength, it would be fine if he could really kill him!
But this guy was only alert for a moment, restricting him in every aspect. He had a body full of strength but was unable to display it!
If they were to face each other head-on, he would have pierced countless holes in this fellow's body.
This kind of grievance grew wildly in his heart like weeds.
The Sacred Spear of Massacre in his hand danced wildly like a spinning wheel, trying to force Luo Zheng away!
Whoosh! Whoosh!
But Luo Zheng seemed to be glued to his spear. The faster the Sacred Spear spun, the faster Luo Zheng's body spun!
What kind of f * cking movement technique was this!
Ming Dao cursed wildly in his heart!
This guy was a ghost that couldn't be shaken off!
Whoosh …
When his Sacred Spear stopped spinning, Luo Zheng was still holding his sword close to his body, staring at him expressionlessly.
"Go to hell!"
The Sacred Spear suddenly bounced back and stabbed toward Luo Zheng like a wild dragon exploring the sea. His spear moves were fast and ruthless, and together with the Sacred Spear, it was almost unstoppable. So this time, when he entered the Illusory Battlefield with the Sacred Spear, he was full of confidence. His goal was to enter the top ten of the Illusory Battlefield!
But no matter how fierce the moves, no matter how powerful the weapon, if it couldn't be fully displayed, it was useless!
Clang!
This fierce spear was still only able to stab halfway. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword was placed on top of the spear shaft. With a gentle swing, there was a crisp sound, and the Sacred Spear was once again pushed away …
Luo Zheng was like a very patient chess player, skillfully displaying his chess skills and controlling his own situation.
He didn't move forward, he didn't retreat a step …
He was fully testing his understanding of the Yi Sword Technique.
But as Luo Zheng's opponent, Ming Dao was becoming more and more irritable at this moment. He was almost driven crazy by this feeling of helplessness, and there was a stuffy feeling in his chest. He wanted to swallow this stuffy feeling, but he couldn't swallow it. He wanted to spit it out, but he couldn't spit it out!
The gap between Ming Dao and Luo Zheng was originally not so big.
But in the eyes of everyone, the fight between Ming Dao and Luo Zheng was like an adult teaching a child a lesson, with almost no strength to fight back …
Phantom, who had been watching the battle, had an uncontrollable excitement on her face at this moment!
Before the battle, she thought that Luo Zheng would win against Ming Dao.
But she never thought that it would be such an ending.
That insufferably arrogant Ming Dao was actually easily toyed with by Luo Zheng just like that …
As the two fought, they were entangled all the way from a distance, gradually approaching the city wall.
Above the city wall, there were seven or eight people watching this scene with gloomy faces.
"Brother Ming Dao seems to be no match for that Luo Zheng."
"It's not that he can't win. With the full power of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, Luo Zheng is definitely not Ming Dao's opponent. It's just that this guy's sword technique is strange, and he's controlling the situation to prevent Ming Dao from performing."
"We should take action!"
The rule of the Illusory Battlefield at this stage was that there were no rules.
Although this battle was between Luo Zheng and Ming Dao, no one said that they were not allowed to lend a helping hand.
These warriors who followed Ming Dao also understood that as long as they helped Ming Dao and gave him space to perform, they would be able to kill Luo Zheng with the help of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter.
So the eight warriors jumped out at the same time and left the city wall.
"Oh no, those guys want to join the battle!" Ji Nan's bright eyes flashed with a touch of fierceness.
"Let's go too!" Jin Hai made a prompt decision.
Phantom also jumped out of the city wall at the same time. After all, Luo Zheng was helping her …
Seeing that the warriors of the two teams on the city wall seemed to want to join the battle, the warriors watching the battle on the city wall suddenly became excited.
"There are more and more people! Hehe, this battle will be more exciting! "
"I'm afraid that the warriors on Luo Zheng's side will be at a disadvantage. After all, there are more people on Ming Dao's side …"
These warriors who followed Ming Dao were all made friends in the Karma Hall. Their strength was also not bad!
As soon as they left the city wall, these eight warriors divided the work clearly. Two of them went to help Ming Dao resist Luo Zheng, the other three directly attacked Luo Zheng, and the other four intercepted Luo Zheng's helpers, namely Ji Nan, Phantom, and the others.
This distribution was indeed a flawless plan.
However, they missed one point. They still miscalculated Luo Zheng's strength.
They thought that Luo Zheng had no time to be distracted in order to seal off Ming Dao …
However, the moment they left the city wall, Luo Zheng's long sword had already brewed a rapidly contracting sword essence, and at the same time, he stabbed out with a backhand.
"Yi Shen's Sword!"
The rapidly contracting sword essence drew a graceful arc in the air!
It was almost close to the city wall as it stabbed toward them!
"Puff!"
That sword essence contained an extremely fierce momentum, and at this moment, it streaked toward the top of the city wall.
The two warriors who had just left the city were stunned. Almost before they could react, a bloody scar appeared in the middle of their bodies. These two warriors were killed by Luo Zheng's sword, and they fell down from the city wall …
Such a terrifying sword strike immediately shocked all the martial artists present. Even Ming Dao, who had been ravaged by Luo Zheng, had a stunned expression on his face. This was this fellow's true strength?
Inside and outside the main city, there was silence.
However, Luo Zheng still did not stop. The first sword stabbed out with a backhand, killing two warriors, and the second sword was almost without hesitation.
After completely falling into the state of severing emotions, Luo Zheng's behavior became very rigid, and his attacks were even more ruthless.
"Yi Shen's Sword!"
The long sword slashed out in the air.
Another sword essence streaked across the air, and the second sword killed another three warriors …
In just a few breaths' time, Luo Zheng used Yi Shen's Sword to kill five people, and these five people were all followers of Ming Dao.

Chapter 1293
Such two swift and fierce swords suddenly slashed out in the air, causing everyone to be a little dazed …
Ji Nan and the others had already determined that Luo Zheng was using Ming Dao to test his swords, so they didn't use their full strength. However, the two swords still caught them off guard. Although they had already left the city, they were still floating in the air …
In the Karma Hall, Luo Zheng didn't use the Godly Yi Sword.
What he displayed was his tyrannical physical body and monstrous strength.
Ji Nan sniffed her delicate nose and said, "This guy doesn't need our help at all …"
There were many onlookers here, and there was no lack of desperadoes secretly observing the battle between Luo Zheng and Ming Dao.
In their opinion, whether it was Luo Zheng or Ming Dao, both had an astronomical number of Fantasy Points. If they could kill them and obtain half of their Fantasy Points, their ranking would soar, and they would quickly enter the top ranks of this great world!
These fugitives were observing and waiting for an opportunity to strike.
If they succeeded, they would make a huge profit. If they failed, they would only be killed once …
Now that they saw Luo Zheng's true strength, these people dispelled this crazy idea. This Luo Zheng was too terrifying.
As for Ming Dao, who was holding the Holy Spear of Slaughter, his expression was extremely unnatural. He was a little dazed.
At this moment, Luo Zheng stared at Ming Dao and said indifferently, "Shall we … continue?"
Surrounding but not killing, in the dao of gambling, it was called killing one's heart.
This was the Illusion Battlefield. Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to shatter Ming Dao's martial heart, but it was enough to severely damage his confidence!
Whoosh!
The Holy Spear of Slaughter stabbed out again.
"Ding …"
It was still blocked by Luo Zheng's sword. Then, Luo Zheng's voice sounded.
"You're a prodigy of the Fiend Night Clan, but a prodigy shouldn't be so weak …"
Now, Ming Dao couldn't use his spear. His entire back was pressed against the city wall, and there was no way out. He could only look at Luo Zheng in despair. Under this pressure, he even had the urge to at least get rid of this demon-like guy!
"So you made a mistake. It's a good thing to have a sharp weapon, but you've lost your confidence. You blindly rely on this spear, and you can't display your strength …" As Luo Zheng spoke, his eyes regained some vigor. He gradually withdrew from the emotion-severing state, and a faint smile appeared on his face....
Luo Zheng's words suddenly made Ming Dao's heart........
... From the beginning to end, he had only used the Holy Spear's's's ability.....
After Luo Zheng had sealed his attacks, he had become extremely passive from the beginning to the end. His own strength was not only limited to this, but he had relied too much on this spear.
Even worse, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was very powerful, but it also depended on who was wielding it ….
Since the Holy Spear of Slaughter was forged, it was powered by the King of Slaughter's' Faith. Ordinary warriors could use their True Yuan to power it, but they couldn't display the true power of the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
"Yes, I rely too much on the Holy Spear," Ming Dao said dully. But in the blink of an eye, Ming Dao's eyes burst into a smile again. This smile contained a trace of coldness. "But you've also made a mistake …."
"What mistake?" Luo Zheng stared at Ming Dao and asked.
"Your mistake is …. You think you've won!"
As soon as Ming Dao finished speaking, two thin vines suddenly spread out from the Holy Spear of Slaughter's shaft. The top of the two vines, one black and one white, was extremely sharp. The moment they grew out, they drilled into Ming Dao's arm ….
If they were here, they would understand what Ming Dao was doing.
He was worshipping him. He was offering himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter ….
The King of Slaughter of the Fiend Night Clan led his subordinates to resist the invasion of foreign clans.
As the King of Slaughter, there was no such thing as failure. There was only death ….
If he faced an opponent he couldn't defeat, the King of Slaughter would activate the final move of the Holy Spear and offer himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
All his meridians would be replaced by Ruo Mu and Xunmu. After offering himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he would become a killing machine controlled by the Holy Spear of Slaughter. He would become an immortal existence in a short period of time. His combat strength would also increase tremendously!
The past Kings of Slaughter mostly died in this tragic way. But before they died in battle, they would drag two or three Empyreans down with them!
Back then, Xunmu was killed by Yao. In the face of internal strife, Xunmu didn't choose to offer himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter. At that time, he thought there was still room to turn things around. Otherwise, even if the Faith Pond was sealed, Xunmu would still drag Yao into hell.
There was no true death in the Illusory Battlefield ….
But after Ming Dao offered himself, he could return to the main city and be resurrected. So at this moment, he offered himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter without hesitation.
When the two vines invaded Ming Dao's arm, his face paled. It was clear he was in great pain.
The vines began to extend rapidly. Two bulges could be seen on the skin of his arm. They were like two worms wriggling in his body. They followed his arm and quickly invaded his internal organs. They quickly spread out in his body and finally took control of his body!
At this moment, Luo Zheng had an extremely bad feeling in his heart. This was a state of life and death crisis!
Luo Zheng, who realized that the situation was not good, twisted his arm and suddenly thrust his sword at Ming Dao!
This sword directly pierced through Ming Dao's chest ….
But after Luo Zheng withdrew his sword, he didn't find a single trace of blood on it.
The blood in Ming Dao's body had been sucked dry by the Holy Spear of Slaughter. And on the black and white Holy Spear of Slaughter, there were traces of blood.
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows furrowed. The Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword erupted with an unparalleled might!
Puff puff puff puff ….
Every slash of the sword left a shocking wound on Ming Dao's body.
But no blood flowed out. Moreover, the sword couldn't shatter Ming Dao's body. Ming Dao's meridians had been replaced by the two divine trees, Ruo Mu and Xun Mu. Just like the Jianmu, these divine trees that came from the Heavenly Dao couldn't be broken!
Not long after, Ming Dao suddenly opened his eyes. At this moment, his eyes were in a sluggish state, revealing waves of death intent. At the same time, his throat involuntarily made strange sounds.
After offering himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter, the Holy Spear became Ming Dao's master, and Ming Dao became a "zombie" controlled by the Holy Spear.
Realizing that something was wrong, Luo Zheng abruptly retreated along the main city's wall, pulling away from Ming Dao by several feet!
At this moment, Ming Dao began to move. Or it could be said that the Holy Spear began to move ….
Whoosh!
Although Ming Dao's movements were slightly stiff like a zombie, his speed was extremely fast.
However, its speed was surprisingly fast, so fast that even Luo Zheng found it difficult to dodge!
Even though Luo Zheng had pulled away from Ming Dao, the Holy Spear of Slaughter in Ming Dao's hand caught up with Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye. The double-tipped spear in his hand was as fast as lightning as it pierced toward Luo Zheng!
It was a straight stab!
There was nothing fancy about it, but it was very deadly because its speed was so fast that Luo Zheng couldn't understand it.
Among all the martial arts in the world, only speed was unbreakable.
When one's speed reached such an extreme, every move and every move was fatal.
Even if Luo Zheng used the Eight Paths of Flying Smoke and twisted his body as much as possible, it was difficult for him to avoid it. The spear directly pierced through Luo Zheng's right chest and went through Luo Zheng's back. This spear left four bloody holes on Luo Zheng's shoulder, from which fresh blood flowed out.
After the first spear succeeded, Ming Dao's right hand gently retracted, and the second spear followed closely behind.
Before offering himself, Ming Dao had already transmitted the idea of killing Luo Zheng to the Holy Spear. At this moment, the Holy Spear of Slaughter's only goal was to kill Luo Zheng. It wouldn't stop until one of them was dead!

Chapter 1294
Ming Dao, who had sacrificed himself to the Holy Spear, was like a puppet caught in a massacre.
As Luo Zheng retreated, Ming Dao took advantage of the situation and chased after him!
However, due to the protection of the Heavenly Dao, Ming Dao, who was holding the Holy Spear, was blocked outside the city wall just like those little skulls!
The difference was that those little skulls could not penetrate the thin film, but Ming Dao, who was controlled by the Holy Spear, had this ability!
"Bo!"
The invisible film was directly torn apart by the blood-red light released by the Holy Spear, and he actually drilled into the main city!
The strength of the sacrifice determined the power of the Holy Spear at this moment.
For example, after sacrificing himself, he could completely squeeze out the potential of the Holy Spear, and the power it erupted with was incomparable.
However, after Ming Dao sacrificed himself, his strength also soared greatly!
However …
Although Ming Dao broke through the invisible film, he was still suppressed by the Heavenly Dao in the main city!
Luo Zheng quickly retreated, and the Holy Spear spun wildly, going against the Heavenly Dao all the way as it chased after Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng could not fight back. After all, fighting was prohibited in the main city.
However, Luo Zheng did not want to fight Ming Dao at all. Flying and fighting were prohibited in the main city, so he just kept retreating …
Fortunately, under the suppression of the Heavenly Dao, Ming Dao's speed was not fast. Going against the Heavenly Dao required extremely powerful strength. After Ming Dao sacrificed himself, although he could resist the Heavenly Dao to a certain extent, it was still very difficult for him to move forward. His speed was not much faster than Luo Zheng's.
As for the onlookers, they could only choose to watch the show. After all, no one could make a move …
From the main city wall, Luo Zheng kept retreating while Ming Dao kept approaching. The spinning double-tipped spear was less than a foot away from the tip of Luo Zheng's nose!
100 feet, 200 feet, 300 feet …
When it was 1,000 feet away, the tip of the spear was less than two inches away from Luo Zheng's face!
However, at this moment, Ming Dao suddenly stopped moving and froze on the spot.
Everyone looked at the scene in front of them in silence. They had never seen a fight that could be fought in the main city before.
Whoosh …
A gentle breeze blew past …
Some fine powder fell from Ming Dao's body …
Soon, Ming Dao's entire body began to disintegrate, turning into dust. The Sacred Spear of Slaughter also fell to the ground with a clang.
Previously, the Underworld Dao had relied on the power of the Holy Spear of Slaughter to resist the Heavenly Dao's rules to a certain extent.
However, there was a time limit to the consecration. The stronger one was, the longer this time limit would be.
With Ming Dao's current Divine Sea Realm cultivation, if he offered himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he would only be able to last for less than 50 breaths.
When all of his vitality was drained away by the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, the Heavenly Dao's laws formed an irresistible pressure that pressed down on his body. This was why his body was instantly reduced to dust!
"Buzz …"
A red light floated away. That was Ming Dao's soul. After this death, he naturally returned to the main city to be resurrected.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows at this moment.
"No Fantasy Points?"
As a prodigy, Ming Dao had broken through the Karma Hall and fought in this core main city for a long time. The number of Fantasy Points in his body should be an astonishing number. However, no Fantasy Points appeared from Ming Dao's body. Luo Zheng also looked puzzled.
Ming Dao's ranking was indeed higher than Luo Zheng's. He was ranked fourth in this major world and 88th in the Illusion Battlefield!
However, no Fantasy Points appeared from Ming Dao's death. Everyone also looked puzzled.
"What's going on? Why didn't Fantasy Points appear after Ming Dao died?"
"Isn't this cheating?"
"Perhaps Ming Dao has other methods?"
Luo Zheng was not the only one puzzled. Everyone else was also puzzled, including Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others. They walked down from the city walls and surrounded Luo Zheng.
As for the Phantom, it heaved a sigh of relief. Although Luo Zheng was considered to have "retreated", he still won in the end …
Fighting prodigies was often accompanied by huge risks. Naturally, it was proportional to the rich rewards, such as a huge number of Fantasy Points.
However, at this moment, a sinister laugh was heard, and a cultivator walked towards Luo Zheng. "Hehehe, since the boss of the Underworld is willing to sacrifice himself, he must have thought of a way out. You are also very strange …"
This warrior was a warrior who followed Ming Dao. Previously, Luo Zheng had killed five people with two swords. The remaining three had retreated to the main city. This person was one of them.
As he walked, he casually glanced at the Holy Spear of Slaughter on the ground …
According to the rules, after dying in the Illusion Battlefield, a warrior's clothes, equipment, and spatial rings would reappear along with their resurrection.
However, the strange thing was that the Holy Spear of Slaughter did not disappear. Instead, it fell here.
This warrior naturally did not want the Holy Spear of Slaughter to fall into Luo Zheng's hands. Now that Luo Zheng had not picked up the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he approached the double-pointed spear as he spoke. In any case, there was no fighting in the main city. Whoever snatched it would own it …
However, although Luo Zheng was puzzled, when he saw the warrior walk over, he gently picked up the Holy Spear of Slaughter with the tip of his foot and then stuffed it into his spatial ring. He even smiled faintly at the warrior. "I am indeed very puzzled. Can you solve my doubts?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, the warrior's face suddenly stiffened. He cursed in his heart and then said coldly, "Big Brother Ming Dao has obtained three Exemption Tokens! These three Exemption Tokens allow him to not lose any Fantasy Points when he dies! Heh … Don't mention killing him once, even if you kill him three times, you will gain nothing. I advise you to hand over Big Brother Ming Dao's weapon. Otherwise, he will never let you go! "
When everyone heard this person's explanation, they suddenly understood. Envy immediately appeared on their faces.
He actually had three Exemption Tokens. This thing was too excessive!
Luo Zheng felt relieved. He was just curious. Since he had the opportunity to obtain a Transfer Token, it was not strange for someone else to obtain three Exemption Tokens. As for this person's threat, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly. "Won't let me go? Without this Holy Spear of Slaughter, what qualifications does he have to not let me go? "
Regardless of Ming Dao's strength, he had already developed a cowardly awareness towards Luo Zheng. He had lost in terms of momentum. Now that the Holy Spear was in Luo Zheng's possession, he did not have the courage to confront Luo Zheng head-on …
Soon, Ming Dao, who had revived in the main city, rushed over. The moment he saw Luo Zheng, he asked with a gloomy expression, "Where is my weapon!?"
After enshrining the spear, his consciousness had been sealed. Thus, until his death, he did not know what had happened. Now that he saw Luo Zheng standing here and his Holy Spear could not be found, how could his expression be good?
"It was taken by this person!" the warrior said to Ming Dao.
Anger flashed in Ming Dao's eyes. He stretched out his hand and said sternly, "Again!"
"This Holy Spear of Slaughter originally did not belong to you. How can you talk about returning it?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Since he had obtained this Holy Spear of Slaughter, Luo Zheng began to plan in his heart. Should he use five million fantasy points to make a trip to the Karma Hall?
If there was time …
Luo Zheng was willing to give Xun a surprise.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ming Dao stared at Luo Zheng for a while, and a sharp glint flashed in his eyes. "I did not expect that the world-famous Luo Zheng was just a coward. He did not dare to face me head-on and even fled into the main city with his tail between his legs. Even with the suppression of the Heavenly Dao, he was almost killed by me. Haha!"
Since they could not fight in the main city, Ming Dao could only provoke him with words.
"We can fight again outside the city," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"Return the spear to me. Naturally, we can fight again," Ming Dao said again.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and stared at Ming Dao with a mocking gaze. "Naturally, it is impossible to return the spear."
"Hmph, then forget about it. You can't do anything to me in the main city!" Ming Dao said coldly.
Although his weapon was confiscated from Luo Zheng, it was not a big deal. Now that Ming Dao was ranked fourth in this big world, he should be able to enter the next stage without any worries …
And this Holy Spear of Slaughter was just a projection. It did not matter if it was lost. However, Ming Dao could only use his life source magic weapon in the next stage.
At this moment, Ming Dao's gaze swept over and stared at Phantom. "You bitch! Come here! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1295
When he explored the Secret Realm, he obtained three exemptions.
If he sacrificed himself with the power of the Sacred Spear, he would be almost invincible.
Not to mention ordinary prodigies, even Daozi could be killed at will after he sacrificed himself to the Sacred Spear of Slaughter.
But this situation should happen in the wilderness …
If Luo Zheng met him in the wilderness, far away from the main city, Luo Zheng would undoubtedly die!
Although the Underworld Dao worshipped him, he would not lose any Fantasy Points.
However, after being played by Luo Zheng just now, Ming Dao could not hold back.
In fact, his best choice should have been to lure Luo Zheng into the wilderness. However, at first, Ming Dao felt that he could defeat and kill Luo Zheng with the Sacred Spear. After falling into a passive position, he had lost this opportunity, so he chose to sacrifice himself at that time!
This approach was undoubtedly stupid. The main city was next to him. Even if he sacrificed himself and his strength soared, it was an impossible task to kill Luo Zheng in the main city.
The final result was that the Sacred Spear was seized by Luo Zheng …
At this moment, the knot in Ming Dao's heart could be imagined. At this moment, seeing Phantom standing silently not far away, he naturally had to find someone to vent his depression!
Phantom, who was not far away, heard Ming Dao's shout, and her body suddenly trembled.
"Don't go," Ji Nan whispered.
A complicated look flashed on Phantom's face, and she stood still.
"Bitch! Don't forget where you are now! "Ming Dao stared at Phantom and said coldly, a smile even appearing at the corner of his mouth.
Phantom was still in his palace. In the Illusory Battlefield, Ming Dao might not be able to do anything to her, but once she left the Illusory Battlefield, she was just a toy to him …
Phantom pursed her lips, and a sad look appeared in her eyes.
Although Phantom did not explain, with Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others' vision, how could they not see that Phantom was helpless?
In the end, Phantom moved away and walked toward Ming Dao …
The smile on Ming Dao's face grew wider and wider. Previously, the dispute between him and Luo Zheng was because of the Phantom. He had suffered a loss because of Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could do nothing to him in the end.
When Phantom was halfway through, Luo Zheng stood between them again and stared at Ming Dao with calm eyes.
"What do you think?" Ming Dao's voice carried a hint of sarcasm.
"Let her go," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"Sure." Ming Dao laughed heartily. "Give me back my spear!"
A trace of hesitation appeared on Luo Zheng's face … He really wanted to make a copy of the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
At this moment, Ming Dao also saw that although Luo Zheng looked indifferent, he actually valued his companions very much. Although Phantom had only gone to the Karma Hall with him once, Luo Zheng would not stand idly by.
"Hahaha …" Ming Dao's gaze fell on Phantom again, and he ordered, "Take off all your clothes. Let's have an erotic dance for everyone's entertainment!"
Hearing Ming Dao's words, many onlookers suddenly showed a touch of excitement in their eyes.
The women of the Demon Night Clan were all noble and elegant. It was rare to see their naked bodies.
Phantom gritted her teeth, "Ming Dao! I … "
"Remember, you are not my woman. You are just my plaything. Remember your identity. You have no choice!" Ming Dao's smile became more and more intense.
In Ming Dao's view, Phantom had no room to resist at all. This was the case in the outside world, and it was the same in the Illusory Battlefield!
The reason was very simple. The Holy Spear Sect had not only fallen into his hands, but also many of Phantom's relatives. With Ming Dao's status, it could be said that he controlled Phantom, including the life and death of the people around her. Phantom had no room to disobey his orders.
Phantom gritted her teeth, glanced at Luo Zheng, and asked softly, "Luo Zheng, will you return to the Demon Night Clan with my King?"
My King was naturally referring to the King of Slaughter supported by the Holy Spear Sect, Xun.
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Phantom was a woman of few words. Although he could guess the general situation like Jin Hai and Ji Nan, it was impossible for him to guess the ins and outs of the matter. After all, Luo Zheng was not a prophet.
"Six years ago, I had always hoped that Luo Zheng and Xun could return …"
"To be able to rescue me from that damned Dark Winter Palace …"
"I am still very young. My skeletal age is only 28 years old. I still have a chance to become a heaven's pride of the Demon Night Clan. I don't want to be Ming Dao's plaything. My talent … is better than his!"
"But I also know that a few years is too short. It's impossible to return so quickly …"
"I might … not be able to wait until that day …"
As Phantom spoke, tears welled up in her eyes.
She was not the only one who was looking forward to it. The entire Holy Spear Sect was enduring humiliation as they waited for the day when Xun returned.
Phantom was very clear about the consequences of disobeying Ming Dao today. When she left the Illusory Battlefield in the future, her fate would be very miserable.
But Phantom also understood that although Ming Dao seemed to be making things difficult for her, he was actually using her to threaten Luo Zheng.
Phantom now understood that she did not want to affect Luo Zheng in any way. At this moment, she wanted to get an answer from Luo Zheng.
Looking at Phantom's current expression, Luo Zheng felt a soft spot in his heart being touched.
Helping Xun return to the throne was still a mess. Although he went to the Asura World, sent people to infiltrate the Demon Night Clan, and then killed Xun to tell him a secret hidden in the stars, Luo Zheng was trapped in the Immortal Mansion and could not do anything for six years!
He did not know that there were so many people in the Demon Night Clan who had such great expectations for him …
Luo Zheng stared at Phantom and reached out to wipe away the tears on her face. He nodded and said, "I will!"
Just these two words made Phantom stop crying. After she nodded, she rubbed her eyes and walked towards Ming Dao. There was an almost resolute sneer on her face. After sniffing her delicate and tall nose, she said, "Ming Dao, in fact, I have always wanted to tell you that I think your talent in martial arts, if it weren't for your father, is almost a waste …" She paused for a moment and continued, "When you are in bed, you are even more useless."
After saying that, a relieved smile suddenly appeared on Phantom's face. She smiled very gently, as if she was relieved.
She had endured enough over the years.
She was a person of few words, but she had said so much in a row.
The Demon Night Clan was much more bold and unrestrained than the Human Race when it came to matters between men and women, so her words were unrestrained.
Regardless of whether the style was bold and unrestrained, as a man, the most intolerable thing was for a woman to expose his shortcomings in front of so many people. Moreover, Phantom was just one of his many playthings!
"Pfft …"
Ji Nan, who was not far away, blushed slightly, but she could not help laughing.
As for the many warriors around, they all had some strange expressions on their faces …
This was a dignified genius, a Divine Sea Realm warrior. How could she not be good in that aspect?
Jin Hai put his hands together. His face was calm, but the corners of his mouth were slightly raised.
As for Cang Mo, he could not help but burst into laughter. The laughter from his rough throat was very harsh.
Ming Dao's face stiffened. He stared coldly at Phantom, wishing he could cut her into pieces with his gaze. In a fit of anger, he actually laughed, "Hahaha … Phantom, I didn't expect that after letting you enter the Illusory Battlefield, you would grow up! Very good, very good … Do you know what the price will be? "
"Death," Phantom said calmly. At this point, her wish seemed to have been fulfilled by Luo Zheng's promise. Anyway, she was tired of living like this and being a plaything of this kind of person.
"No," Ming Dao shook his head, "How can I let you die so easily? You should know the most terrible punishment of my Demon Night Clan!"
Phantom replied faintly, "The Eternal Night Punishment."
"Yes, I will throw you and your entire clan into the Eternal Night Punishment … I will let you experience an unforgettable torture! Hahaha … "Ming Dao's emotions were abnormally agitated. He roared wildly. He could only use threats to vent his anger.
Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart. He could only blame himself for not being strong enough. The sooner he became strong, the sooner he could return to the Demon Night Clan with Xun …

Chapter 1296
This was the voice of the mysterious girl.
The rules of the Illusion Battlefield had been announced by this mysterious girl several times …
But now, the rules had suddenly changed.
In the first stage of the Illusion Battlefield, the various main cities could still be protected by martial artists because of the existence of the powerful Heavenly Dao. As long as you didn't leave the main city, you would be safe.
Even if you were a prodigy, the Daozi wouldn't be able to do anything to you …
However, the later stages of the Illusion War, the more intense the competition would be.
The Illusion Points would start to tilt towards a small number of people.
For example, Ming Dao had a large number of Illusion Points and was ranked fourth in this world. As long as he didn't leave the main city, it would be very difficult for others to catch up.
However, at this moment, the rules of the Illusion Battlefield changed.
The main city was no longer a safe haven for martial artists. On the contrary, it would become an Asura Battlefield …
After all, almost all the martial artists were concentrated in the main cities. Only a small number of martial artists would leave the main city to explore the endless wilderness.
Once all the restrictions were removed, all martial artists would be able to fight freely!
At the moment of contact, the little skulls wandering outside the main city began to rush into the city and bite Luo Zheng's back row. Those little skulls were densely packed and formed a cloak of skulls.
Ming Dao was originally laughing wildly, but after hearing the mysterious girl's voice, he was suddenly stunned.
Luo Zheng looked at Ming Dao indifferently, and a warm smile appeared on his face. "Why aren't you laughing?"
Previously, Ming Dao didn't care about his defeat. He had three exemptions in his hands. Even if he was killed by Luo Zheng three times, he wouldn't lose any Illusion Points.
Moreover, after the Sacred Massacre Spear was taken away, he wouldn't foolishly rush out of the city. Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him.
Who knew that the battle restrictions in the main city would be removed at this moment?
A chill suddenly swept across the back of his neck. As long as he could maintain his position as the fourth in the world, he would definitely be able to advance to the next stage of the Illusion Battlefield!
However …
After realizing the danger he was in, Ming Dao shot backward almost like a conditioned reflex.
He had already lost the courage to fight Luo Zheng head-on. Now, all he wanted was to escape!
"Huala …"
At the same time, the entire main city began to fall into chaos.
This main city was not the only one in chaos.
In the entire Illusory Battlefield, the fifty great realms would fall into chaos …
The martial artists in every main city began to recklessly kill each other. There were also a large number of martial artists who began to flee in all directions. The main city was no longer their shelter, but a slaughterhouse!
Somewhere in another great world.
His long and tender fingers gently intertwined and waved, and huge swords began to dance along with his fingers at the same time, forming a complicated sword array and descending towards a main city!
Weak, strong, good at hiding, good at surprise attacks …
Eighty percent of the martial artists in this main city had perished under the sword array!
Xi Youqin cocked her head to the side as she looked at the main city that had been reduced to rubble. There was a look of yearning on her face.
"My luck was pretty good. They all hid in the main city and refused to come out. I was about to leave … but the rules changed!"
…
Xi Youqin's act of instantly annihilating an entire main city by herself was rather extreme, but it was not uncommon.
Many experts reacted at this moment and tried their best to kill the martial artists in the main city!
In the outside world, under everyone's observation, the name rankings on the pyramid began to fluctuate violently once again! Countless names kept surging up and down in the pyramid like a tidal wave.
The lower the ranking of the martial artists, the greater the fluctuation.
On the contrary, the names of the martial artists near the top of the rankings fluctuated much less.
After all, the martial artists at the top of the food chain in the Illusory Battlefield were at the top of the food chain.
This change in the rules was not only harmless to them, but it was also very beneficial.
Under such circumstances, the experts could plunder a greater amount of Illusory Points …
Just like before, when Ji Luoxue controlled a main city, she could only collect two Illusory Points for each martial artist she targeted.
If she collected too many Illusory Points, they might as well not leave the city. After all, if they were killed by Ji Luoxue once they left the city, it was equivalent to giving her free Illusory Points.
However, at this moment, Ji Luoxue did not need to collect Illusory Points. She would start plundering the entire main city at an extremely fast speed. In any case, no one could stop her.
However, this situation still depended on which main city it was. For example, the core main city that Luo Zheng was in was the exit of the Karma Hall. There were countless experts there. Apart from Ming Dao, there were also a few other prodigies.
No one could easily kill 80% of the martial artists like Xi Youqin. Even Luo Zheng could not do it …
"Huan Ling, Ji Nan … Protect yourselves." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, his figure suddenly shot out and chased after Ming Dao!
Ming Dao retreated at an extremely fast speed. After retreating several hundred feet from Luo Zheng, he flipped over and sped into the sky. However, Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow at all. Almost at the instant that Ming Dao rushed out, he followed closely behind.
Although Luo Zheng had taken away this person's Sacred Spear, he did not take away his Illusory Points. At this moment, Luo Zheng only had one thought in his mind, and that was to completely plunder all of Ming Dao's Illusory Points!
…
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Cang Mo, Huan Ling, and An Si quickly gathered together at this moment!
The martial artists who had originally planned to watch either started fighting or fled like Ming Dao. Many of them quickly flew into the sky.
The group of cultivators who reacted the fastest had succeeded. They had escaped into the vast wilderness to seek refuge for the time being.
As for the martial artists who reacted slightly slower, they were intercepted and killed. After contributing half of their Illusory Points, they slowly began to "revive" in a corner of the main city.
Ji Nan and the others were not ordinary after all!
If the five of them worked together, perhaps even Luo Zheng would be helpless.
Except for a few geniuses in the main city, they would not encounter any natural enemies here. To put it bluntly, they were the only ones who could plunder other people's Illusory Points. No one could plunder them!
Streaks of sharp light dissipated in all directions, and strong waves of True Origin attacked. This kind of scene could only be seen in a racial war. Although there had been rumors over the years that many races in the universe would definitely fall into chaos and launch an unprecedented global war, this war was the real battle of the world!
At this moment, in the Illusory Battlefield, it was a rehearsal in advance.
On the other side, Luo Zheng did not let Ming Dao escape too far away. When Ming Dao escaped to an altitude of thousands of feet, he was intercepted by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng deliberately took the Sacred Spear of Slaughter in his hands. Holding the spear in one hand and the sword in the other, he looked at Ming Dao with a faint smile on his face. "Should I kill you three times? Or five times? You choose one? "
If he was killed once, he would lose half of his Illusory Points. If he was killed twice, he would lose three-quarters. If he was killed three times, he would lose seven-eighth …
Ming Dao's face was gloomy. If he was really killed by Luo Zheng three times, his ranking would probably fall out of the top 100,000 …
That was a loss he could not accept. With a flip of his hand, he took out a purple spear again. This was a first-grade divine artifact, and it was Ming Dao's life weapon!

Chapter 1297
At this moment, Ming Dao's face was livid. He stared at Luo Zheng, thinking about how to deal with it.
According to the prediction of the powerful figures in the clan, the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield was about to end!
The first stage would eliminate most of the warriors. In each big world, perhaps only 50 people could enter the second stage!
In the 50 big worlds, there were a total of 2,500 people …
There were trillions of warriors in the whole world, and only a few would survive. These 2,000 people were the elites of the elites in the Divine Sea Realm. They were either the descendants of some big worlds, the sons of Celestial Venerables, heavenly talents, or Daoists!
These predictions were based on the fragmented information left behind in the last round of evolution.
But they were still mostly correct.
Just like how Ming Dao knew about the existence of these main cities and the Karma Hall before he entered the Illusory Battlefield!
In this Illusory Battlefield, Ming Dao's journey was smooth sailing. Without too many accidents, he climbed all the way to the fourth place in the big world.
This ranking was more than enough for him to enter the second stage!
There might be people who could push him down a few places, but it was impossible for him to fall out of the top 50.
He could choose a place with good scenery in the main city to sleep …
However, he didn't expect that the rules of the Illusory Battlefield would suddenly change. The powerful figures in the clan didn't predict that people could kill each other in the main cities. Maybe it wasn't recorded in the historical records, or maybe the records were incomplete.
Now Ming Dao was really regretting it.
If it weren't for the Phantom, he wouldn't have provoked this damn Luo Zheng!
And because of his impulsiveness, the Sacred Spear fell into Luo Zheng's hands. What could he use to fight against Luo Zheng?
"Whoosh!"
From his Sumeru Ring, a blood-red light shot out. That was his natal magic treasure, the Flying Crane Spear. It was a first-grade divine weapon. In the hands of an ordinary warrior, it was a precious treasure. But compared to the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, it was naturally thousands of miles away.
Even if Ming Dao knew that he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, as a heavenly talent, how could Ming Dao be tied up without a fight?
Besides, if he used his full strength, he might not lose to Luo Zheng!
"Blood Crane Dance!"
As the Nether Dao spear swept out, rays of blood-red light spread out, and mixed with countless spear shadows, shot straight at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed slightly, and he activated [Eight Paths of Flying Smoke] with a calm expression on his face …
Ever since he had played Go with Chen Huang, his understanding of swordsmanship had reached a new level.
Not only had Luo Zheng's swordsmanship improved, but his thinking in the battle had also improved qualitatively. For example, when he saw Ming Dao's spear sweeping toward him, he could calmly determine the best way to deal with it!
But this time, Luo Zheng did not draw his sword!
Instead, he raised the spear in his left hand and aimed it at Ming Dao.
Luo Zheng wasn't good with guns!
But when one cultivated to Luo Zheng's level, they could use grass, trees, and flowers as weapons. In the eyes of mortals, they could use all kinds of weapons …
Moreover, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was originally very powerful. When he held the Holy Spear of Slaughter in his hand, there was a huge will in the Holy Spear of Slaughter that was connected to Luo Zheng. It was this will that transmitted a very hungry feeling, desperately asking for something from Luo Zheng!
"Huh?"
When Luo Zheng obtained this spear before, he had only placed it in his Sumeru Ring. He didn't expect that after activating the Holy Spear, there would be such a mystery.
The Holy Spear was alive …
It was like a person who had been hungry for three days and three nights and was eagerly waiting for Luo Zheng to feed it.
"This Holy Spear of Slaughter was owned by the kings of the Night Demon Clan. I'm afraid that it's not just True Essence that drives this Holy Spear, but also the power of faith …"
"I don't have the power of faith, and I don't have a trace of True Essence in my body. I can only try using Chaos Qi."
Luo Zheng extracted a wisp of Chaos Qi from his body and circulated it through his meridians, pouring it into the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
"Crackle …"
When Luo Zheng poured the Chaos Qi into the Holy Spear of Slaughter, the Holy Spear of Slaughter suddenly emitted the sound of frying beans.
Opposite him, Ming Dao's hand bloomed with several spear lights, but how could Luo Zheng, who was using Eight Winding Smoke, be easily pierced by him? Every time, Luo Zheng was able to dodge Ming Dao's attack by three inches …
At this moment, Ming Dao heard the Holy Spear of Slaughter erupt and was slightly stunned. He stared at the Holy Spear of Slaughter …
"What's going on with this spear?"
However, Luo Zheng's face was also full of confusion …
He only felt the moment the Chaos Qi poured into the spear, the Chaos Qi was completely devoured by the spear!
"Not enough?"
Although he didn't know what had happened, Luo Zheng understood that this Holy Spear of Slaughter was definitely a glutton. Even with the Chaos Qi's condensed form, it still wasn't full?
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Chaos Sea was not small. This time, the Chaos Qi was continuously poured into the Holy Spear of Slaughter …
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't think too much. Feeling that the Chaos Qi was enough, he lightly shook the Holy Spear of Slaughter, held it with his left hand, and stabbed it towards Ming Dao!
"Whoosh …"
Using the Chaos Qi, a huge spear shadow appeared on the side of the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
This Single Thought was the Holy Spear of Slaughter's spear skill. It didn't need to cultivate any special martial skills. It could be directly used with the Chaos Qi!
Whether it was the size or the degree of its condensed form, this huge spear shadow far surpassed the Single Thought that Ming Dao had used before!
After noticing the spear shadow, Ming Dao's eyes flashed with shock. This Luo Zheng's Single Thought spear skill was more than a hundred times stronger than his? And this was the first time that Luo Zheng had used it …
For a moment, Ming Dao thought that his eyes were playing tricks on him!
Why?
Ming Dao was naturally aware of the characteristics of the Sacred Massacre Spear. Even though he did not know why the Sacred Massacre Spear had exploded, the spear shadow that was created with a single thought was related to the amount of vital essence that was poured into it.
Even if Ming Dao poured all of his True Essence Sea into it, it was impossible to achieve such an effect!
"This, this … is impossible!" Ming Dao roared.
"Nothing is impossible." Luo Zheng smiled slightly and suddenly thrust the Holy Spear of Slaughter toward Ming Dao!
The majestic illusory spear shadow spun wildly and strangled toward Ming Dao!
Previously, Ming Dao's Single Thought could leave a small hole on the city wall, and Luo Zheng's spear shadow could probably destroy the city wall under the protection of the Heavenly Dao's rules.
Facing this spear, Ming Dao couldn't resist at all!
"Run!"
This was the only thought in Ming Dao's mind at this moment.
However, he couldn't escape in the end, and Luo Zheng wouldn't let him escape either!
The huge spear shadow directly swallowed Ming Dao and disappeared completely in the blink of an eye.
Then, a red light spot flew toward the main city below with Ming Dao's soul. Although the rules had changed, cultivators could still be resurrected in the main city.
"There are still no Fantasy Points. Ming Dao has three exemptions … If I want to obtain his Fantasy Points, I have to kill him three times first!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng followed the red light spot. As long as Ming Dao was resurrected, he would kill him again!
The battle in the main city was already unusually intense …
Many cultivators in the main city were experts who had returned from the Karma Hall, and there were also a few prodigies among them. Now that everyone was fighting in the main city, one could imagine the destruction caused.
Under the protection of the Laws of the Heavenly Dao, all the buildings in the main city were originally intact, but in less than an incense stick's worth of time, the huge main city had been reduced to a pile of rubble.
"Boom!"
Bam!
"Huala …"
All kinds of nomological powers flew in all directions. If one wasn't careful, they might die without knowing who killed them.
In the streets of the main city, circular balls of light appeared. They were cultivators who had been resurrected after being killed.
Near these balls of light, there was a group of cultivators standing guard. When the cultivators who had been killed were resurrected, they would instantly attack and kill them again …
Some of the weaker martialists fell into this vicious cycle. They were resurrected, killed, resurrected, and killed again. The fantasy points in their bodies were also exhausted in the repeated deaths.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1298
Luo Zheng flew into the main city, and the aura he emitted attracted the attention of many martial artists.
Fear appeared on the faces of these martial artists …
His fight with Ming Dao was still vivid in their minds. This person was definitely not an existence that ordinary martial artists could provoke.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze swept past these people and passed over their heads …
The Fantasy Points in these martial artists' bodies ranged from a few hundred thousand to a few hundred. Luo Zheng naturally had no interest in them. At this moment, he had already set his sights on Ming Dao.
The red dot flew over and landed on the west side of the main city. When Luo Zheng arrived, he happened to see the red dot land and expand, turning into a round ball of light as tall as a person. Ming Dao would reconstruct himself within it …
Even with the power of the Heavenly Dao, it was impossible to revive so many martial artists at the same time and reconstruct their bodies.
All the martial artists who entered the Illusion Battlefield were currently enveloped by the light of the Heavenly Dao. They only needed to project their bodies again.
However, Luo Zheng did not know why the equipment they carried with them would not be projected after reconstructing the projection …
He still held a sword in one hand and a spear in the other, guarding one side of the ball of light.
After a short while, the ball of light that enveloped Ming Dao began to fluctuate, and a figure stepped out of the ball of light!
When the figure stepped out, Luo Zheng smiled and suddenly thrust the spear in his left hand …
Ming Dao's face was full of misery. He had no chance to escape or fight back. The moment he stepped out of the ball of light, he was killed by Luo Zheng without any resistance!
Whoosh …
This time, Ming Dao still did not produce any Fantasy Points.
The red dot of light, including Ming Dao's soul, flew toward the other side of the main city.
"I've killed this person three times. His three immunity tokens should have been used up." Luo Zheng swung the spear in his hand and chased after the red dot again!
Not long after, Ming Dao resurrected from the ball of light again. Without exception, he welcomed Luo Zheng's spear again!
The three Immunity Tokens that Ming Dao had obtained through a great opportunity had all been used up. After being killed by Luo Zheng, he was unable to keep the fantasy points in his body!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
When Luo Zheng took back his spear, a sea of dreamy light spots suddenly exploded!
The dreamy light spots were overwhelming and eye-catching. When the martial artists scattered around saw so many dreamy light spots, their eyes went wide.
If they could absorb these dreamy light spots, they might be able to instantly enter the top 100 of this great world!
However, Ming Dao had been killed by Luo Zheng, so his Fantasy Points were directly handed over to Luo Zheng. If others wanted to obtain these Fantasy Points, they could only kill Luo Zheng. At this moment, it was fine if Luo Zheng didn't come to plunder their Fantasy Points, but who would dare to plunder Luo Zheng's Fantasy Points?
Luo Zheng's gaze didn't stop at these Fantasy Points. A red light spot burst out from Ming Dao's corpse and continued to fly toward a corner of the main city. At the same time, Luo Zheng also followed.
Killing Ming Dao once only squeezed out half of his Fantasy Points, but Luo Zheng planned to squeeze out all of Ming Dao's Fantasy Points!
As for the sea of dreamy light spots, they were like thousands of little fairies that followed behind Luo Zheng …
Ming Dao was wrapped in the ball of light, and his face was pale.
He had a total of 70 million fantasy points in his body!
After being killed by Luo Zheng, he had lost half of them and only had 30 million fantasy points left!
With a thought, he checked his ranking. The overall ranking of the Fantasy Battlefield was 2,400, and he was ranked 47th in this great world!
Fortunately …
He didn't fall out of the top 50!
While he was rejoicing, Ming Dao felt an even bigger headache.
The problem was that Luo Zheng was still chasing him. If he was killed again, he was afraid that he would completely fall out of the top 50 and have no chance to enter the second stage of the Fantasy Battlefield!
As a prodigy, he couldn't even squeeze into the top 2,500?
This was no longer a matter of shame …
After stepping into the ball of light, he stared at Luo Zheng and gritted his teeth. "Luo Zheng, don't go too far!"
However, Luo Zheng didn't care about Ming Dao at all. He still had a faint smile on his face. The long spear in his hand pierced out again, and Ming Dao was once again swallowed by the spear shadows produced by One Thought …
"Pfff!"
At this moment, a huge amount of dreamy light spots burst out from Ming Dao's body again.
However, compared to before, the number of dreamy light spots had decreased by half. There were only about 17 million dreamy light spots left, and Ming Dao only had 17 million dreamy light spots left. It was certain that he would fall out of the top 50.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng still didn't intend to let Ming Dao go. He chased after him again, preparing to kill Ming Dao for the sixth time.
"Luo Zheng, if you are willing to let me go, I can let Phantom go!" Ming Dao roared loudly this time.
With Ming Dao's status, he might not be able to control the Sacred Spear Sect's position. However, he could control Phantom's fate. He realized that Phantom was the only bargaining chip in his hand!
Although he had fallen out of the top 50, as long as he kept these 10 million fantasy points, he still had time to catch up!
"Pfff!"
Luo Zheng still didn't respond and pierced Ming Dao's body with his spear again.
"Can I really let Phantom go …" Ming Dao said weakly.
"No need," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Luo Zheng didn't believe in such a person's promise. He didn't believe that his compromise could be exchanged for the other party's tolerance.
Some grudges were unavoidable. He would bring Xun back to the Fiend Night Clan to settle the score.
After the sixth kill, Ming Dao only had 8 million fantasy points left in his body …
"Continue …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he flew away again.
After the seventh kill, Ming Dao only had 4 million fantasy points left in his body …
After the eighth kill, 2 million fantasy points …
After the ninth kill, 1 million fantasy points …
After the tenth kill, 500,000 fantasy points …
Towards the end, Luo Zheng no longer cared about how many fantasy points he could obtain from Ming Dao.
He only killed the Underworld Dao experts time and time again to wash away all the fantasy points on him.
After killing Ming Dao for the twelfth time, he only had around 100,000 fantasy points left. At this moment, Luo Zheng finally stopped killing Ming Dao. As for Ming Dao, his fantasy points had been plundered from 70 million to around 100,000. He had fallen from fourth place in the Great World to around 80 million. At this moment, Ming Dao could only be described as wanting to cry but having no tears!
"Luo Zheng!"
Phantom's voice sounded behind Luo Zheng.
Ji Nan and the others appeared together with Phantom.
In the chaotic battle in the main city, the five of them huddled together. Not only did they not die, but they also obtained a considerable amount of fantasy points.
Others might not dare to kill them, but they could kill others …
The 'sheep', who had lost the protection of the Laws, surrendered their fantasy points at an unprecedented speed without any leeway to resist.
Luo Zheng nodded faintly at Phantom. "I have already washed away Ming Dao's fantasy points."
"I saw it." A relieved expression appeared on Phantom's face.
Luo Zheng stared at Phantom and asked, "Are you mentally prepared?"
Phantom hesitated for a moment before saying, "Even if it's the Eternal Night Punishment, I will bear it. I will try my best to live. I … still want to see that day."
The pain of the Eternal Night Punishment was simply indescribable. Those who were not from the Fiend Night Clan would not know how terrifying it was!
"That day won't be too far away," Luo Zheng said.
Hearing this, Phantom's eyes shone brightly.
What people were most afraid of in this world was not pain or setbacks. Pain could be endured, setbacks could be overcome, but what people were most afraid of was having no hope.
Just like Liu Yu, who was on the verge of collapse and had been imprisoned for a long time, only with hope would there be the motivation to live. What Luo Zheng could give them now was his promise, which was the hope they looked forward to the most.
Luo Zheng was not a person who would break promises.
Every time he made a promise, the pressure on him would increase.
But things had already come to this point. Regardless of whether he made a promise to others or not, he would take this step …
At this moment, Luo Zheng checked his ranking again. After checking, he was slightly taken aback.
His ranking in the Dream Battlefield had finally rushed into the top 100, ranking 77th.
And in this large world, he was ranked second? He had squeezed out all of Ming Dao's fantasy points, leaving only 100,000 fantasy points for him. Luo Zheng also had a lot of fantasy points!

Chapter 1299
At this stage, the ranking competition in the Illusory Battlefield had reached its most intense moment.
The names on the pyramid were constantly vibrating, and the attention of the outside world was also unprecedentedly huge …
"Lie Qianhan actually jumped to first place! Unbelievable, didn't he drop to the 200th place previously? "
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng also returned to the top three …"
"What's that Purple Conch thing? I have never heard of this person, but he actually entered the top ten … "
The top 100 in the Illusory Battlefield were the subject of everyone's discussion.
After all, the entire Illusory Battlefield was divided into 50 large worlds. At this stage, the geniuses of the 50 large worlds were still unable to meet each other. Therefore, the strength of the top 100 could not be directly measured. They were all the top experts of each large world.
Ning Yudie stared at the name on the pyramid while transferring her True Qi to Yang Kai.
Seeing Luo Zheng's name always made her feel at ease.
As she understood the Illusory Battlefield, she understood more and more what kind of state her husband was in now, and what kind of future he would have.
These top 100 geniuses were the favored children of heaven and earth. Even the gods had to take care of them. Any one of them would be valued by the various large races, because the future Dao Children would be born from these people. The True Gods of the universe would also be born from them …
Previously, Ning Yudie had heard of the Battle of the Great Era from Luo Zheng.
Then what was this Battle of the Great Era?
Not only was Ning Yudie unclear, but Luo Zheng himself was also not very clear.
Now, she believed that this Battle of the Great Era was the Divine Dao!
However, Ning Yudie did not know that this understanding of the Great Era was very narrow.
In fact, not only Ning Yudie, but the majority of the martial artists in the universe were also not very clear about this.
They only knew that after the Great Era descended, geniuses were like a fountain, and ordinary geniuses were not qualified to be called geniuses …
What was a genius? Being different from the masses, possessing incomparable talent and ability, this was a genius.
When the number of geniuses in the Great Era increased, then everyone was not considered a genius.
In the current universe, the true geniuses could only be the geniuses of the various large powers and races.
These people had all opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. If this Lotus Flower was perfected, they would become Dao Children. This was the possibility of becoming a True God.
Not only did these people have the possibility of becoming True Gods, but they also carried the fate of the universe.
As the Battle of the Great Era continued to evolve, the crisis in the universe would erupt sooner or later. This kind of crisis was something that every cultivator and every living being in the universe could not avoid.
Every generation of Yan Ji was like this.
In the last evolution cycle, the danger that erupted in the great world was the fall of the stars and the arrival of the fire devil.
In the last cycle of evolution, the crisis that broke out in the world was the God's Punishment Plague …
The crisis that erupted in the Evolution Era before that was the fall of the stars …
One Era of Evolution was 3.6 billion years old, and before that was 10 billion years ago. There was no longer any historical data that could be found. The martial artists in the universe could only trace back to three Era of Evolution, and this history was still incomplete.
After all, after each cycle of evolution and extinction, all civilizations would disappear, and the things that could be passed down to the next evolution era were few and far between.
"Which force does Xi Youqin belong to? Why is she ranked sixtieth? "
Ning Yudie's face was a little gloomy. Naturally, she was not convinced that Xi Youqin was better than Luo Zheng.
"This Xi Youqin seems to be very unfamiliar, but I heard that this girl seems to have some background. She seems to be from the Extreme Purple Realm," someone replied.
"The Extreme Purple Realm, huh? The Extreme Purple Yin Constitution, so that's how it is." Although Ning Yudie knew that Xi Youqin had the Extreme Purple Yin Constitution, and that the giant swords that she used to control were very powerful, she did not know that the Extreme Purple Realm was so powerful in the Upper Realm that they could cultivate Xi Youqin to enter the top hundred of the universe?
"Whoosh!"
However, at this moment, a whip shadow suddenly lashed toward Ning Yudie!
"Smack!"
The whip shadow exploded in front of Ning Yudie's face!
Although it did not hit Ning Yudie, the strong wind brought about by the explosion of the whip shadow was like a knife that attacked her!
At this moment, faint ice crystals appeared on Ning Yudie's face. These ice crystals were arranged according to a certain distance, forming a special protective layer of vital energy.
"Crack …"
The blade-like strong wind cut the ice crystals, and the surface of these ice crystals cracked, revealing Ning Yudie's angry face.
If it were not for the protection of these ice crystals, her face would have been cut into pieces. Although there was a way to restore her appearance, she would have suffered a lot of damage!
"You, what are you trying to do!"
Ning Yudie suddenly stood up and glared at the middle-aged woman not far away with a face full of anger.
Although she was serving as a laborer here, pouring her vital energy into the illusory space of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground for free, she was not a slave of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground!
The middle-aged woman who was holding the whip not far away stared at Ning Yudie with a cold smile. "I've said it before, no noise is allowed here, but you've done it again. This whip is just a warning. If there's a next time, it won't be just this whip."
"I was only discussing in a low voice. It won't affect the pouring of vital energy. Besides, someone else is also talking. You … Why are you targeting me?" Ning Yudie asked coldly.
"Heh." The middle-aged woman held the whip in her hand as a disdainful smile appeared on her face. "Someone else? You're just an Ascended cultivator who has come from the lower realm to serve as a laborer. What right do you have to compare yourself with someone else? A slut like you … "
At this moment!
A black broken blade spiraled over and silently flashed a few times in the air. It then fluttered next to the middle-aged woman!
The broken blade was extremely fast and almost unavoidable. It instantly cut off the middle-aged woman's right arm!
Puff!
As blood sputtered out, the middle-aged woman let out a squeal like a pig being slaughtered.
As the martial artists who were pouring their true essence saw this, their complexions didn't change much. But, they all stood up and stared at the scene in front of them.
To a martial artist, losing an arm wasn't strange at all. But, if someone dared to injure someone here, that meant there was a problem. This person definitely had a considerable status within the Jade Pure Holy Lands.
After all, in front of the great hall of the dreamland space, even the Holy Lords of the Holy Lands had personally come to observe. How could an ordinary person dare to do anything here? Wasn't that the same as seeking death?
"Who is it? Why did you injure me!? "
The middle-aged woman clutched her arm, her eyes filled with bewilderment. This middle-aged woman could be considered an intelligent person. She knew that the person who dared to cut off her arm was not someone she could afford to provoke!
But, she hadn't done anything wrong, so why did they want to cut off her arm? Based on what?
The middle-aged woman couldn't accept this and thus opened her mouth to question this person!
Before long, a person walked out from the void. This person had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation. Many sharp-eyed martial artists recognized this person. This person was the Ninth Palace Master of the Jade Pure Holy Lands. She could be considered a top 100 ranked character of the Jade Pure Holy Lands!
"The reason I cut off your arm is to teach you some manners." The Ninth Palace Master coldly said. Then, she turned to look at Ning Yudie. Her cold face seemed to melt away as if it had met the sun, replaced by a warm smile. "Is this … Miss Ning?"
Ning Yudie was stunned. This person's cultivation was unfathomably deep, so why was she being so polite to her?
After she ascended, she had been despised everywhere and treated unfairly. Regret filled her heart. If she had known this would happen, she would have never ascended. In the Jade Pure Holy Lands, the Divine Sea realm wasn't anything at all!
"I am Ning Yudie." Ning Yudie truthfully replied.
The Ninth Palace Master kindly smiled. "Miss Ning, can you come with me?"
Being so polite, Ning Yudie had a strange expression on her face. But, she still nodded. "But, I still have to pour my true essence into this place …"
"Miss Ning's words are too polite. There is no need to mention this matter again." The Ninth Palace Master smiled.
Thus, Ning Yudie was led away by the Ninth Palace Master.
Under the watchful eyes of everyone present, the Ninth Palace Master personally brought away a woman who had just ascended. Naturally, everyone began to discuss this.
"Just where did that woman come from? She was actually taken care of by the Ninth Palace Master? "
"Look at how beautiful she is. Could some great figure of the Jade Pure Holy Lands have taken a liking to her?"
"What's the use of being beautiful? Not to mention those great figures, even you and I have many beautiful women by our side. "

Chapter 1300
Ning Yudie followed behind the Ninth Palace Master, feeling a little uneasy in her heart.
With her intelligence, how could she not guess what was going on?
She was just an ascender with no background in the higher realms. What good thing would happen to her?
There was only one possibility, Luo Zheng.
But after some understanding, she also knew about Luo Zheng's current situation.
He was indeed very famous in the universe, but this fame didn't come from any power. Moreover, he seemed to have offended many big powers …
Although Ninth Palace Master was very polite, she wasn't sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing.
Ning Yudie was more afraid that she would fall into the hands of Jade Pure Sacred Land and be used as a bargaining chip to threaten Luo Zheng. This was what she didn't want to face …
But she didn't have any room to resist!
She followed Ninth Palace Master around the illusory space and came to the plaza in front of the hall.
At this moment, all the core figures of Jade Pure Sacred Land were gathered here.
32 Palace Masters, various Palace Masters, Deacons, Elders …
The auras emitted by these people were abnormally strong. The weakest was at the Divine Transformation realm. There were even a few martial artists whose strength was unfathomable.
Ning Yudie was at the Divine Sea realm. Those she couldn't see through were at least half-step Sector Lords.
But under Ninth Palace Master's lead, these people all gathered their gazes on Ning Yudie …
"Is this woman really Luo Zheng's wife?"
"Luo Zheng is also an ascender. It isn't impossible for him to marry and have children in the lower realms. But the chances of him impersonating her are higher!"
"Impersonating? Hehe, wait until the Sacred Lord uses her Spirit Heart God Art to check. There's a price to pay for impersonating! "
Seeing Ning Yudie being brought here, the martial artists in the plaza began to discuss.
The Illusory Battlefield had reached its climax. They were especially concerned about the overall ranking.
The strongest core genius of Jade Pure Sacred Land, Shen Qing, had already entered 70,000 and his ranking was still rapidly climbing!
According to everyone's expectations, Shen Qing being able to rank around 100,000 was already a very impressive result. But now, Shen Qing had already rushed to 70,000. This naturally surprised the higher-ups of the Jade Pure Sacred Land.
After all, they were only a tenth-grade Holy Land, and there were hundreds of thousands of tenth-grade Holy Lands like them in the universe.
Of course, Shen Qing's results couldn't be compared to Luo Zheng's.
With Luo Zheng's current ranking, the entire Human Alliance would place great importance on him!
After all, less than a hundred out of the three thousand major worlds of the Human Dao Alliance had made it into the top ten thousand.
Under the gazes of so many powerhouses, Ning Yudie felt a little unnatural.
In the end, she followed Ninth Palace Master to an old man in a Daoist robe.
This Daoist robed old man sat on an immortal rattan chair. His gaze was fixed on the pyramid at the top of the Dream Space until Ninth Palace Master bowed deeply towards the old man. "Sacred Master, I have brought the person."
The Daoist robed old man was the Jade Pure Sacred Master. He was the master of this tenth-grade Holy Land.
After hearing Ninth Palace Master's words, the Jade Pure Sacred Master slowly withdrew his gaze. Perhaps it was because of the cultivation method he cultivated, but the Jade Pure Sacred Master looked exceptionally old. His movements were also incomparably slow. However, within his wrinkled eyes, there was a pair of bright eyes.
He glanced indifferently at Ning Yudie, then said in an aged voice, "Are you really Luo Zheng's wife?"
The cultivator by Ning Yudie's side was originally a grassroots cultivator. However, he was still a cultivator from the higher realms who had been born and raised in the Jade Pure Sacred Land.
After learning of Ning Yudie's background, he took this as an opportunity and used his connections to report it to his superiors.
He didn't expect that this matter would actually be reported by the Jade Pure Sacred Land's higher-ups. The cultivator who reported it also promised that if Ning Yudie's identity was confirmed, he would be given a decent reward.
Ning Yudie replied, "I'm here to find my husband."
The Jade Pure Sacred Master nodded slightly. "Look into my eyes …"
The moment Ning Yudie focused her gaze, she felt that she couldn't pull her gaze away from the old man's eyes. It was as though her entire body had sunk into them.
This was a Soul Divine Power!
Ning Yudie instantly came to this conclusion.
However, with Ning Yudie's cultivation, how could she resist the Soul Divine Power of a Sacred Master?
However, other than feeling her gaze being attracted, Ning Yudie didn't feel any discomfort.
After a while, the Jade Pure Sacred Master closed his eyes, and Ning Yudie's body suddenly trembled. Then, she let out a sigh of relief.
The other higher-ups of the Jade Pure Sacred Land also stared at the Jade Pure Sacred Master. The Jade Pure Sacred Master slowly said, "Luo Zheng ascended to the Spirit Channeling Realm of the Human Dao Alliance and was sent to the Thirteen Palaces to cultivate … He's considered a member of the Human Dao Alliance. Since you're Luo Zheng's wife and have the opportunity to ascend to the Jade Pure Sacred Land, I naturally have to take care of you. However … back then, Luo Zheng was sent directly to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. If you're willing, I can send you to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace."
Although the Jade Pure Sacred Master was old and clumsy, he could see the situation very clearly.
If Luo Zheng hadn't climbed to the top of the pyramid, he wouldn't have asked about this matter. At most, he would've sent someone to investigate and casually settle Ning Yudie down.
Although Luo Zheng's reputation had been great before, he'd only displayed the power of the immortal estate. Now, Luo Zheng had completely proven his strength and was ranked seventy-seventh in the Dream Battlefield.
With the background of the great world, if this child were to mature, he would definitely become an extremely important figure in the Human Dao Alliance.
If he could improve on this ranking, he would only need one more step to become the main character of this great world ….
The significance of this would be extraordinary.
Then, his achievements would surpass Celestial Sovereign Mirage Sea's achievements in the past.
Taking care of Ning Yudie now was just a meager effort for the Jade Pure Sacred Land. However, if they could gain Luo Zheng's goodwill, even a fool would do such a deal.
"The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace?" Ning Yudie asked curiously.
The Jade Pure Sacred Master nodded. "Yes, that's the cultivation sacred land of the Human Dao Alliance. Only the most outstanding cultivators can set foot there."
"I'm not going …." Ning Yudie shook her head. "I think I'll stay here and wait until Luo Zheng arrives."
Hearing Ning Yudie's answer, the Jade Pure Sacred Master smiled faintly. "You can stay here. If the battle in the Dream Battlefield ends, I can help you send out a roar command to summon Luo Zheng. However, you know Luo Zheng's current situation. The major races aren't willing to let him go. He's trapped in the immortal estate, and I'm afraid he won't be able to escape in a short time."
"I understand." Ning Yudie nodded. "Then I'll thank you in advance, Sacred Master."
The Jade Pure Sacred Master said politely, "It's nothing. You can also enter the Jade Pure Martial Hall to cultivate. Ninth Palace Master, she'll be under your palace …."
Hearing the Sacred Master's words, Ninth Palace Master's face lit up.
This kind of thing, anyone would be willing to do. It was just a matter of accepting a disciple from the Imperial Palace. Regardless of Ning Yudie's aptitude, everyone knew that Luo Zheng was a person of great importance. If they could make him owe them a favour, it would definitely not be a bad thing!
Moreover, the Sacred Master had already used his Spirit Heart Divine Ability to sense her and confirmed that this woman was Luo Zheng's first wife.
A martial artist could have many women, but he could only have one wife, and she was probably a very important existence to Luo Zheng.
"But I don't want to cultivate now." Ning Yudie's gaze landed on the pyramid. "I want to watch from here …."
"It's a piece of cake." Ninth Palace Master smiled and found a good spot for her in the square ….
From this moment on, Ning Yudie was considered an official disciple of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground. She had also stepped into the core of the Jade Pure Martial Hall!
Previously, when Ning Yudie heard about the Jade Pure Martial Hall, she also looked forward to it. She was even wondering if her husband was qualified to enter it. But now, the Sacred Master just knew about her relationship with her husband and casually placed her there.
At this moment, Ning Yudie felt as if she had fallen into a dream ….
What did her husband do to make them value him so much?
She naturally didn't know about Luo Zheng's performance at the Torch Flame Inheritance. She also didn't know that the several Heavenly Venerables of the Human Dao Alliance were silently watching Luo Zheng's every move!
"That little fellow …" Looking into the distance and looking at Luo Zheng, who was ranked 77th, a gratified look appeared on Ning Yudie's face. "Unknowingly, he has already reached such a stage."
Thinking back to when she first met Luo Zheng, he was only in the Xiantian Mystic Realm, she felt very emotional.
＝＝＝＝＝