Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.14

Chapter 1301
After the rules of the Illusory Battlefield changed, it took three days for the situation to slowly stabilize from an abnormally intense state.
Many quick-witted cultivators fled the moment the rules changed.
The main city was no longer safe. On the contrary, it was the most dangerous place …
Right now, the wilderness was their hiding place.
After squeezing out all the Fantasy Points from the cultivators in the main city, some experts no longer lingered in the main city. Instead, they turned their gazes to the endless wilderness outside the main city. Now, not only could they obtain Fantasy Points by killing all kinds of vicious beasts in the wilderness, they could also find some hidden cultivators.
Therefore, the cultivators in the Illusory Battlefield began to quickly disperse!
Luo Zheng did not participate in this phase of the hunt.
Several hundred thousand Fantasy Points were meaningless to Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng was ranked second in this great world, his target should be the top ten cultivators.
Previously, the cultivators that Luo Zheng plundered were not specific targets. Usually, they were cultivators in a certain main city. Whoever showed up, he would treat them as his prey.
Now, it was difficult for him to find a top-ranked cultivator in the vast sea of people …
Of course, for Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others, this phase was more important.
Now, Ji Nan was ranked sixty-third in this great world, Jin Hai was ranked fifty-seventh, and Phantom was ranked eighty-first …
The top fifty cultivators of each great world were qualified to enter the second phase. They were not too far away from the fiftieth rank. Now was the time for them to fight with all their might.
This team was temporarily disbanded …
After Luo Zheng left the main city, he found a corner in the wilderness and took out the Sacred Spear of Slaughter.
Under the nourishment of the primal chaos aura, Luo Zheng discovered that the Sacred Spear seemed to have undergone some changes.
When he poured the primal chaos aura into it, the Sacred Spear of Slaughter seemed to have encountered sweet dew for a long time. The surface of the spear cracked, which was why it emitted popping sounds like beans.
After carefully sizing it up, Luo Zheng discovered that the Sacred Spear of Slaughter was slightly bent!
The two types of divine wood, one black and one white, were entangled with each other to create this Sacred Spear. The divine wood was so strong that it was almost indestructible in the Heavenly Dao.
But now, it was actually slightly bent?
After sizing it up again, Luo Zheng discovered that the middle part of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter seemed to have a bit of green in it.
Looking over, Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly!
They turned out to be two fresh green buds …
"Even if it was a divine wood, it was ultimately forged into the Sacred Spear of Slaughter. Even if divine wood is special and immortal and indestructible, it should not grow these shoots …"
After thinking, Luo Zheng speculated that it was because of the primal chaos aura.
After speculating, Luo Zheng Was Luo Zheng's, he became more and more.
However, he did not have a deep understanding of the divine tree. In the end, this was only Luo Zheng's own speculation. As for what kind of mutation existed in the Holy Spear of Slaughter, it was likely that no one could answer Luo Zheng's question.
Luo Zheng Luo 'Luo Zheng Domain, Luo's Luo Zheng Spear, Sacred Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Luo Holy Luo …......
That was what Luo Zheng had in mind.
The real Sacred Spear of Slaughter should still be in Ming Dao's hands. After all, he had brought this Sacred Spear of Slaughter into the Illusory Battlefield.
It would be very difficult to obtain the Sacred Spear of Slaughter. That place was probably the core area of the Fiend Night Clan.
Would it be possible to make a copy of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's hand flashed, and a metal certificate appeared.
The current chaotic battles did not have much meaning to Luo Zheng. If he could walk through the Karma Hall again, he would only have to spend five million Fantasy points.
Moreover, the Fantasy points reward from the Karma Hall would definitely not be low!
Entering the Karma Hall was a risk for any cultivator. Take Huan Ling, Ji Nan, and the others for example. They were not far away from the top 50. Rather than risking their lives in the Karma Hall, it was safer to rob other cultivators. After all, if they died in the Karma Hall, they would probably have no chance of entering the top 50.
With the Fantasy points Luo Zheng had accumulated, even if he died and lost half of his Fantasy points, it was impossible for him to fall out of the top 50.
And if he succeeded, Luo Zheng would be able to make a copy of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter!
This risk was very worth it for Luo Zheng.
"The biggest problem is whether anyone is willing to enter the Karma Hall …"
After checking, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
The consciousness transmitted from the metal certificate told Luo Zheng that there were nine people gathered in the Karma Hall. Only one more person was needed to open the Karma Hall!
It seemed that there were still some cultivators who were not willing to give up!
In any case, with their current Fantasy points, they would definitely not be able to enter the top 50. They might as well take out five million Fantasy points and fight!
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng paid another five million Fantasy points. Using the metal certificate in his hand, Luo Zheng stepped into that special space for the second time …
Time passed very quickly …
In the blink of an eye, another six days had passed.
In these six days, the intense battles in the Illusion Battlefield had gradually come to an end.
There was an invisible hand beside the martial artist. The name of this hand was' Strength '. It was this hand that distributed everyone's Fantasy Points.
Under the plundering of many experts, the Fantasy points rapidly condensed on those experts' bodies. These experts' Fantasy points then condensed on the stronger cultivators' bodies …
Those "penniless" cultivators had already lost the value of plundering.
At this moment, Luo Zheng once again stepped out from behind a door of light. There was now a small imprint on the Sacred Spear of Slaughter in his hand!
This was the second time Luo Zheng stepped into the Karma Hall. This time, he did not encounter Chen Huang Yijian. Instead, he encountered other True Gods. In the Karma Hall, Luo Zheng obtained forty million Fantasy points.
What made Luo Zheng feel strange was that he was still unable to surpass the first rank. He was still ranked second in this Great World!
Who was first? Luo Zheng was truly curious. However, it was impossible for him to accurately find that person among the hundreds of millions of cultivators. Therefore, he did not know.
"I wonder what kind of expression Xun will have when she sees the Sacred Spear of Slaughter." Luo Zheng stared at the imprint on the Sacred Spear of Slaughter and a smile appeared on his face. During this period of time, the two sprouts on the Sacred Spear of Slaughter grew longer and longer. They were tightly entwined together.
Not long after Luo Zheng left the Karma Hall, the mysterious girl's voice once again resounded in the sky.
"The second stage of the Illusion Battlefield has begun. The top fifty cultivators of each Great World, please move!"
Following this voice, all the cultivators in the Illusion Battlefield raised their heads at the same time and looked at the endless sky.
Some people were only one rank away from entering the top fifty. At this moment, they were roaring with unwillingness. They really wanted to know how much of a difference there was between their Fantasy points and the person in front of them …
Some people rejoiced in their hearts. Originally, they did not have much hope. However, due to luck, they managed to kill a cultivator and obtain millions of Fantasy Points. This allowed them to rise to the top 50 and obtain the qualifications to enter the second stage.
In these fifty Great Worlds, a total of two thousand five hundred people would enter the second stage.
These two thousand five hundred people were the best of the best. They were either extremely strong or had heaven-defying luck …
Among these two thousand five hundred people, the one who was the happiest and also the most worried was Xi Youqin.
She was happy because she could finally leave this Great World and find another place to look for Luo Zheng. She was one step closer to Luo Zheng. However, she was worried that Luo Zheng would not be able to enter the top fifty of a Great World. If that happened, she would not have the chance to see Luo Zheng!
While she was feeling both happy and worried, a golden door of light appeared in front of Xi Youqin. With light steps, she stepped inside.
At the same time, a golden door of light appeared in front of Luo Zheng. "The second stage? The top 50 … Then, behind the golden door of light, the people I'll meet will be the strongest of the 50 Great Worlds! They will also be the most outstanding geniuses in the entire universe! "

Chapter 1302
Luo Zheng was traveling in a golden space. The surrounding light was like a thorn that wrapped around him.
After traveling for a long time, he finally saw the end of this space.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped out of the golden light gate, three blood-red fortresses appeared in front of everyone's eyes …
"Three blood-red fortresses, so that's how it is …"
When Luo Zheng obtained the Teleportation Token, he discovered three main cities marked with red markings in that special space. However, at that time, these three main cities were in a state where he couldn't enter. Even with the Teleportation Token, he couldn't enter these three main cities.
It turned out that these three main cities were the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield …
"Weng …"
Behind Luo Zheng, golden light gates opened one after another. The cultivators scattered across the 50 great worlds all passed through the golden light gates.
The moment they passed through the golden light gates, their first reaction was the same as Luo Zheng's. Their first reaction was to look at the three huge blood-red fortresses in front of them.
Next, they sized each other up. Their eyes were filled with vigilance.
None of the first two thousand five hundred cultivators were easy to deal with.
They represented their families, forces, and races to fight for the highest glory.
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the blood-red fortresses suddenly began to shake.
The gate of the blood-red fortress was a huge beast head. This beast head had a ferocious appearance, as if it was a creature from hell. It crawled in front of the gate, exuding a savage aura. The two huge eyes on the beast head quietly overlooked the front. With a single glance, one's heart would beat faster!
At this moment, the gate of the fortress opened. The beast head opened its gloomy mouth …
"The gate is open!"
"Let's go in?"
"What the hell is this thing? It's just a statue, but its aura is so terrifying?"
As the light gates opened, the cultivators gathered on the plain in front of the blood-red fortresses and sized up the gate in front of them.
The two thousand five hundred cultivators were divided into three groups and entered three different blood-red fortresses. There were more than seven hundred cultivators standing on the plain in front of each fortress …
Some cultivators were very decisive and didn't stop at all. After the city gate opened, they walked forward.
Even more martial artists hesitated. They were only a step away from the top of the Dreamland Battlefield, so they had no choice but to be careful.
Until the mysterious girl's voice sounded again …
"Warriors, please enter the Blood Castle." The mysterious girl's cold voice sounded again.
After hearing these words, the originally hesitant cultivators all revolved their True Essence and flew towards the city gate. The originally hesitant cultivators now seemed to be scrambling to be the first to leave ….
From the moment the gate opened, Luo Zheng had already started walking towards the city gate. His speed was neither fast nor slow.
Seeing those cultivators surpass him, intending to seize the initiative in this main city, Luo Zheng's face only revealed a faint smile.
After entering the mouth of the beast head, there was an open passage in front of them. Following the passage, they arrived at the center of the Blood Castle. There was a huge hall, and in the center of the hall was a pyramid.
On the pyramid, there were many concave caves. These caves were ten feet deep and ten feet high, and within these caves, there were statues!
"This … this is actually my statue!"
"My statue is also here …"
"Why would everyone's statue appear on this pyramid?"
"Ranking! I am ranked 170th on the Dreamland Battlefield, and my statue is also on the pyramid. 170th position, this is … everyone's ranking! "
When someone discovered this secret, everyone began to size it up.
Before, the cultivators could only check their own ranking, but they knew nothing about the cultivators who were ranked ahead or behind them.
Now, through this pyramid, everyone could directly understand their own ranking.
Luo Zheng approached the pyramid and glanced around …
He discovered Ji Nan's statue at the bottom of the pyramid.
"Two thousand and thirty-first place …"
After seeing Ji Nan's ranking, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. She finally broke into the top 50 and entered the second stage of the Dreamland Battlefield.
Following these statues, Luo Zheng saw the statues of Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others … but he didn't see the statue of Cang Mo.
This guy still failed at the last step and was eliminated?
After looking at the bottom row, Luo Zheng's gaze slowly moved up. The higher the ranking of the pyramid, the higher the position.
As his gaze swept through the crowd, his gaze suddenly froze. His eyes widened, and his face was filled with disbelief. Then, he let out a deep breath.
"I didn't expect him to come …"
Luo Zheng jumped up and occupied the fifth floor of the pyramid. In front of Luo Zheng stood the statue of a human cultivator.
This cultivator held a sword in one hand, and his face was full of heroic spirit and pride. Under his sword-like eyebrows, there was a pair of star-like eyes. It was Hua Tianming, who came from the same Great Thousand World as Luo Zheng!
There were 100,000 worlds in the universe, and there were as many as a trillion Divine Sea Realm cultivators. However, there were only 2,500 cultivators who stood here representing each world. That was to say, on average, only one Divine Sea Realm cultivator from every four worlds could enter the second stage …
However, in the world where Luo Zheng came from, there were two people who entered the top 2,500.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face also revealed a smile. Looking at Hua Tianming's statue, there was a trace of vicissitudes, and his temperament became more profound.
However, he didn't know where Hua Tianming had ascended to and which world he entered the Dreamland Battlefield from. Since he could enter the top 2,500, he probably had the strength of a Heaven's Pride!
That sword-wielding young man had caught up with him so quickly.
In the world below, Luo Zheng had been ahead of Hua Tianming by a lot. At that time, the gap between Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng was almost impossible to predict.
However, even Luo Zheng didn't expect that after six or seven years, Hua Tianming would catch up with him one day!
It should be known that Luo Zheng's speed of progress in these years couldn't be underestimated. He also had the Immortal Mansion as his backing. The gap between him and Hua Tianming would only grow bigger and bigger. However, now Hua Tianming was ranked 540th in the pyramid, which really surprised Luo Zheng! Fei Fei
"Brother Tianming must have a new opportunity. Otherwise, no matter how talented he is, it's impossible for him to advance so quickly! He's not in this scarlet castle. Unfortunately … I still have some good wine in my spatial ring. If I meet him, I'll drink a hundred of his jars first! "
The three scarlet castles divided the 2,500 martial artists. The martial artists of this scarlet castle were all gathered in this spacious hall. Luo Zheng could see everything clearly at a glance. Naturally, he didn't find any trace of Hua Tianming. Presumably, he was in another scarlet castle.
Meeting Hua Tianming was already very, very unexpected for Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng never imagined that what happened next would make him speechless!
As Luo Zheng climbed up the pyramid, he wanted to engrave everyone's appearance in his mind. These people were all his opponents, so he naturally wanted to remember their characteristics …
"Why did they leave these statues inside?"
Luo Zheng was very curious about this question. However, the mysterious girl who presided over this Illusory Battlefield didn't give any hints, so everyone could only guess.
"This is myself." Luo Zheng fixed his gaze on his own statue and pondered for a moment. He even reached out his hand to touch it, and then immersed his consciousness into the statue. However, he still couldn't find anything special about it.
Thinking back and forth, Luo Zheng still couldn't think of a reason. He could only continue climbing.
However, just as he reached the first floor, which was the top of the pyramid, his gaze suddenly focused on a woman …
When Luo Zheng saw this woman, his pupils suddenly dilated, and his eyes widened like copper bells.
In contrast, although Luo Zheng was surprised when he saw Hua Tianming, he quickly felt relieved. With Hua Tianming's talent, coupled with his perseverance, it wasn't impossible for him to encounter a great opportunity and reach this step!

Chapter 1303
Luo Zheng was shocked, and he couldn't help but rub his eyes, wondering if he was seeing things...
This woman was wearing an apricot yellow silk robe and a brocade firework skirt that trailed on the ground, outlining her beautiful figure. There was a kind of cold temperament between her eyebrows, and her entire person had an incomparably beautiful bearing …
"Youqin … is actually ranked 43rd. Is there a mistake?"
Luo Zheng had a bitter taste in his mouth. He never thought that Xi Youqin would participate in the Illusory Battlefield!
Xi Youqin was only at the Divine Core realm when he first met her!
Although she had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, she had never been willing to cultivate. She even viewed cultivation as her biggest enemy.
Ever since Luo Zheng met Xi Youqin, she had never cultivated properly for even a single day...
Why was she able to stand here?
Why was she ranked 43rd?
Was it because of her Extreme Purple Yin Body?
Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out...
After being separated from Xi Youqin for so many years, Luo Zheng had missed her a lot.
Was she still the same clingy little girl from before?
In just a few years, Xi Youqin had become more generous, and a charming confidence could be seen on her face. Luo Zheng couldn't compare the Xi Youqin in his memories with the current Xi Youqin, as if they were two completely different people.
"Youqin, is she also in the other two blood red castles?"
When he thought about how he would be able to see Xi Youqin again, he couldn't help but feel a sense of anticipation...
Fated encounters were wonderful beyond words.
In the world where Luo Zheng came from, there were three people who managed to make it into the top 2500. Was this fate, or just a coincidence?
...
In front of another blood red castle.
Xi Youqin's clothes fluttered in the wind, her pretty eyes filled with nervousness as her gaze skimmed over the statues of the pyramid layer by layer.
"There's no Luo Zheng's statue on this floor..."
"There's no statue on this floor either..."
While circling around, she kept mumbling to herself, and her expression became more and more nervous.
At this moment …
A warrior in a brocade robe also flew up and followed beside Xi Youqin.
This martial artist looked extremely young, probably less than twenty years old. There was a cold aura between his eyebrows.
While Xi Youqin was sizing up the statues, the warrior was sizing up Xi Youqin …
First floor, second floor, third floor …
Xi Youqin scanned the floors one by one, and her expression became more and more disappointed. Her little mouth also pouted. The higher she went, the lower the possibility of finding Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Xi Youqin realized that someone had been following her.
Her mood was a little bad. At this moment, she suddenly turned her head. Her extremely beautiful eyes contained a trace of anger. "You! Why are you following me?! "
This warrior had been quietly sizing up Xi Youqin from behind. When he entered the blood red castle, he was attracted by Xi Youqin's special aura. This time, he wanted to befriend her.
However, when he saw that Xi Youqin seemed to be seriously looking for something, he did not open his mouth to speak. Now that he was suddenly shouted at by Xi Youqin, he was slightly startled.
Since he was young, no one had dared to shout at him like this.
Even the Saint Lords and Realm Lords were polite and respectful when they saw him...
This was because he was a Daoist. The Mahayana Lotus had thirty-six leaves, and he had already reached the peak!
He was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, the person who had always been in the first half of the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield!
When he entered the blood red castle, many warriors had already recognized Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
Many people deliberately kept a certain distance from him. There were also some warriors who had the intention of climbing up to him and befriending this legendary Daoist.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's attention had always been focused on Xi Youqin!
Just when Xuanyuan Chenfeng was startled, Xi Youqin jumped again. Her body fluttered as she stood on the fourth floor of the pyramid and continued to look for Luo Zheng's statue.
The startled expression on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face only existed for a moment. Then, it disappeared without a trace. Looking at Xi Youqin's back, the interest in his eyes seemed to become more and more intense!
He followed her again and said, "Miss, you seem to be looking for something? I am Xuanyuan Chenfeng. I can help you... "
In the universe, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was probably one of the few people who had the highest chance of crossing the Heavenly Dao. He was destined to be the main character of this great battle, the strongest among his peers!
According to his character, he would not take the initiative to say his name. However, this lady did not recognize him and was extremely cold. He was a little depressed.
However, after hearing his name, she should be able to understand …
Xi Youqin stopped and turned back to stare at Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Xuanyuan Chenfeng showed an indifferent expression. He could almost guess what Xi Youqin would say next.
"You are Xuanyuan Chenfeng?"
"The legendary Daoist of Gods No Thoughts?"
"..."
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had already heard these words countless times. It made him very tired.
However, when it came from the mouth of this beautiful lady, it made him feel very comfortable.
However …
Xi Youqin's eyes only blinked a few times. She frowned and said, "Xuanyuan Chenfeng? Who are you? Please don't follow me! "
She was currently annoyed. How could she have a good tone? After saying that, she flew up again!
Xi Youqin did not pay attention to the strong people in the universe. How many Empyreans, how many Realm Lords, their relationships, who was the strongest person in the universe …
Many martial artists discussed as if they were familiar with their family treasures.
However, Xi Youqin did not have the slightest interest in these. She cultivated martial arts for so many years only because of a sentence from the nameless old man.
She could give Luo Zheng a surprise and be able to accompany Luo Zheng more.
This reason was enough. As for the famous genius Xuanyuan Chenfeng? Who is he? Xi Youqin did not know him at all.
Many martial artists on the pyramid below were also paying attention to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's movements. Now that they saw this fellow suffer, they were gloating in their hearts!
"Hehe, Xuanyuan Chenfeng actually has this kind of time!"
"That lady is so arrogant. It's impossible that she hasn't heard of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, right?"
"I admire that lady. Whether she really doesn't know him or is pretending not to know him …"
"Some women will loosen the reins only to grasp them better. How can a martial artist who can step into the second stage not know about the geniuses in the universe?"
Everyone's discussion was extremely low.
However, a part of it still entered Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ears.
His face slightly sank, and the gloomy look between his brows spread a little. His brows furrowed, and he once again chased after Xi Youqin.
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's dictionary, the word 'failure' did not exist.
His existence was a miracle …
Even if he had to cross the Heavenly Dao and become a True God, he would definitely not fail!
This was the ability of a Daozi!
Moreover, this Xi Youqin's temperament was so fierce that it evoked a primitive desire to conquer in his heart!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was not particularly fond of women, but there would be a day when a young man would be attracted to a woman of the opposite sex. He was no exception. Right now, he was attracted to Xi Youqin, although he did not know why he was attracted to her.
Just as Xi Youqin climbed to a higher level of the pyramid, her eyes suddenly revealed an intense joy!
"Ranked seventy-seventh! I knew it … I knew it. You will definitely come! You will definitely not disappoint me! "
It was on this level that she found Luo Zheng's statue!
At this moment, Xi Youqin did not hesitate at all. She went straight to Luo Zheng's statue, and reached out her hand to hold the statue's face. Her eyes contained a pool of tenderness.
In the past six years, this face had appeared countless times in her dreams.
She had countless illusions about the day she met Luo Zheng …
Now that she found Luo Zheng here, it meant that Luo Zheng was in another Blood Castle!
"The three Blood Castles seem to be unable to cross each other." Xi Youqin's eyes flashed slightly. The current Xi Youqin wished she could grow a pair of wings on her back and fly directly to Luo Zheng's side.
However, due to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield, she was unable to do so.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had followed Xi Youqin all the way up, saw Xi Youqin happily holding a statue's face. When he saw that the statue was a handsome man, his face became completely gloomy!
At the same time, there was a strong sense of loss in his heart, which made him very irritated.
"Who is this person?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng restrained his temper and asked faintly from behind.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1304
Xi Youqin didn't even give Xuanyuan Chenfeng a perfunctory attitude.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was such a proud person, so he naturally felt embarrassed.
Seeing her looking at the statue with such tenderness and love, Xuanyuan Chenfeng naturally wanted to ask what was going on … …
After finding Luo Zheng's statue, Xi Youqin's mood was extremely good. Facing Xuanyuan Chenfeng's question, she actually had some patience.
"He … … is the person I like."
Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng's statue in a daze. Her eyes were filled with a blurred color.
She originally wanted to say that Luo Zheng was her husband … …
However, after thinking about it carefully, she still hadn't married Luo Zheng. She didn't have a real status.
Originally, when martial artists got married, they didn't care about this kind of thing.
However, Xi Youqin's perspective was different. Originally, she didn't care about it. She believed that Ning Yudie had a place in Luo Zheng's heart.
However, the situation was different now. Ning Yudie probably hadn't ascended yet, but she could always be by Luo Zheng's side!
She would rely on her own efforts to make Luo Zheng give her a real status.
This was Xi Youqin's true thoughts … …
If other people knew that this martial artist ranked in the top 50 of the Illusory Battlefield only had such thoughts, they would probably vomit blood!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng became more and more curious about the statue.
"Miss, what's this person's name … …"
He obviously wanted to know Xi Youqin, but now, he didn't even know Xi Youqin's name. Instead, he asked about the statue's name. This Xuanyuan Chenfeng could be considered a weirdo.
Xi Youqin looked at Xuanyuan Chenfeng indifferently and replied, "His name is Luo Zheng."
Hearing this name, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes suddenly lit up.
It was actually that Luo Zheng. He was ranked 77th!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never would have thought that this person was actually the world-famous Luo Zheng!
He didn't know much about Luo Zheng. In fact, he disdained to know about him. In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's world, only a few Daoists were qualified to be his opponents.
Even some of the more powerful geniuses were no match for him.
As for Luo Zheng …
The main reason was that this guy had been using the Roaring Command to shout in his ear. Even if he didn't want to understand, he couldn't avoid the harassment of the Roaring Command.
Who would have thought that this fellow would also make it into the top 100?
However, the 77th place was clearly not enough.
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, there were only a few people who were qualified to be his opponents. For example, Lie Qianhan and the other Daoists. The rest of the people were nothing but bystanders in his eyes.
"So he is Luo Zheng." Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face was indifferent, but the arrogance in his heart was immediately revealed …
How could Xi Youqin not hear the hint of disdain in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's tone? However, she was too lazy to pay attention to it. She only carefully and seriously sized up Luo Zheng's statue.
…
In another blood-colored castle.
A handsome young man walked around the pyramid briskly. Every time he passed by a statue, he would gently raise his eyebrows and instantly analyze the statue's appearance, temperament, and age. Then, he would firmly remember it in his mind.
This young man was Hua Tianming.
After Luo Zheng ascended, Hua Tianming was given an important position in the Cloud Hall as a meritorious person.
However, with Hua Tianming's experience, he was destined not to be restricted to the Cloud Hall and the Central Domain …
The path of cultivation was long. There was always someone better than you. Many martial artists lived in stability after achieving a certain level of success. However, Hua Tianming's character was definitely not satisfied with this.
From this point, it could be seen that he had the same ambition as Luo Zheng. He hoped to stand at a higher position!
Standing at a higher position, he did not seek to look down on all living beings. He only sought to explore the origin and truth of this world!
Not long after stabilizing in the Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming chose to go out and experience the world …
In six years, he once again passed through the Chaotic Astral Ocean. He even crossed the four Holy Kingdoms and arrived at the extreme north of the Holy Kingdoms, the largest wild continent!
In this wild continent, Hua Tianming experienced life and death situations. He encountered several unique races and wild ancient beasts comparable to the Divine Ocean Realm …
In the end, he discovered a huge secret on this wild continent.
And this secret was a secret that Luo Zheng did not know when he merged with the will of the world! Because this secret originally did not belong to this world, and the memories of the will of the world could only search for things in this world.
For Hua Tianming, this secret was a great fortune.
It was this fortune that directly increased his strength. He did not even have time to return to the Central Domain before the world produced a strong repulsive force that forced him to ascend.
And the place he ascended to was completely different from Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin!
He had ascended to one of the Great Worlds in [Gods No Thoughts] … He had just ascended for two years, and had just received a certain degree of importance in one of the Holy Lands in that Great World. He had entered the core Martial Hall of the Holy Lands, but before he had the time to display his true strength and talent, the Illusory Battlefield had already opened.
When the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, the martial artists of the tenth rank Holy Land even persuaded Hua Tianming to make some preparations before entering the Illusory Battlefield.
But Hua Tianming did not hesitate at all and stepped into the Illusory Battlefield.
Then, in this Illusory Battlefield, Hua Tianming's ranking soared …
Ten million, one million, one hundred thousand …
The martial artists of the Holy Land in Gods No Thoughts, including the Holy Lord of the Holy Land, were all dumbfounded when they saw Hua Tianming's performance.
There were naturally some powerful geniuses in their Holy Land, but in the end, they were only ranked 120,000. However, this unknown Sword Cultivator from their Holy Land had suddenly charged into the top 100,000. How could they not be surprised and excited?
But Hua Tianming's speed did not stop …
90,000 …
80,000 …
70,000 …
Compared to Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming's desire to obtain Illusory Battlefield points was not very strong. His motive for participating in the Illusory Battlefield was different from Luo Zheng's. He had only entered to see how powerful the geniuses of this universe were.
In the end, when Hua Tianming returned from the Karma Hall, his Illusory Battlefield points soared. He ranked around 2,000 and entered the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield!
This scene made Hua Tianming's Holy Land almost go crazy with joy!
This was an honor that belonged to Hua Tianming and the tenth-grade Holy Land.
He was in the top 2,500!
He was either a prodigy or an existence second only to a prodigy.
Ordinary tenth rank Holy Lands simply did not have the resources to nurture prodigies!
How could they not be surprised by Hua Tianming's sudden appearance? At first, when Hua Tianming's name was reported to the Holy Lord of the Holy Land, the Holy Lord was still at a loss. He had no idea that such a genius existed in his Holy Land …
He carried his sword on his back and climbed up the pyramid, his gaze still indifferently sweeping past the statue.
"Found it. Luo Zheng, 77th!"
After searching for Luo Zheng's ranking, Hua Tianming did not look surprised at all.
In these two years, Hua Tianming naturally knew some of Luo Zheng's deeds. He had also heard Luo Zheng's stories in the universe. Hua Tianming was also familiar with some of these stories …
In his opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely enter the second stage. If Luo Zheng did not enter, that would be a surprise.
After seeing Luo Zheng's statue, Hua Tianming's eyes shone even brighter. The sword on his back even trembled slightly …
That was the power of excitement.
Even though he knew he was falling behind, he still had to work hard to catch up.
Hua Tianming had been silently chasing after Luo Zheng all this time.
Even though Luo Zheng had left him in the dust and he could not even see Luo Zheng's back, Hua Tianming was not discouraged in the slightest.
In one's life, there was always a goal. Even if he failed, at least he pursued it.
He looked down on his goal and enjoyed the process.
However … in the end, he still managed to complete a goal that seemed impossible.
After being left thousands of miles behind by Luo Zheng, he finally caught up. He just did not know how big the gap between him and Luo Zheng was!
"Don't worry, we will meet in the end." Hua Tianming reached out and pressed down on the sword hanging on his back. The sword obediently stopped trembling …
He and Luo Zheng were not only friends, but also competitors …
After that, Hua Tianming nodded at Luo Zheng's statue, then left and continued to climb the pyramid.
But after walking a few steps, he stopped again, and his expression suddenly froze. Like Luo Zheng, he also stopped in front of Xi Youqin's statue. His face was also full of surprise, but he was not as shocked as Luo Zheng.
"I didn't expect her to be ranked this high," Hua Tianming said indifferently as he stared at Xi Youqin's statue. Thinking of the relationship between Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng, a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. He wondered what Brother Luo Zheng's expression would be when he saw Xi Youqin …
Not long after, a voice once again sounded in the three blood-colored castles.
"Martial artists, please stand in front of your own statue …"

Chapter 1305
At this stage, the ranking competition in the Dream Battlefield had reached the most intense stage.
The names on the pyramid were constantly shaking, and the attention of the outside world was also unprecedented …
"Lie Qianhan actually jumped to the first place! Unbelievable, didn't he drop to the 200th place before? "
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng also returned to the top 3 …"
"Who the hell is that Purple Conch? I've never heard of this person, but he actually broke into the top 10 … "
The top 100 of the Dream Battlefield was the target of everyone's discussion.
After all, the entire Dream Battlefield was divided into 50 great worlds. At this stage, the geniuses of the 50 great worlds couldn't compete with each other, so the strength gap of the top 100 couldn't be directly measured. They were all the strongest in each great world.
As Ning Yu Die transferred her True Essence into the pyramid, she stared at the name on it.
Seeing Luo Zheng's name would always make her feel at ease.
With her understanding of the Dream Battlefield, she more and more understood what kind of state her husband was in now, and what kind of future he would have.
Those in the top 100 were the darlings of the heavens and the earth. Even the gods had to take care of them. Any one of them would be highly regarded by the major races, because the future Dao Child would be born from these people, and the True Gods of the universe would also be born from them …
Once, Ning Yu Die had heard about the Great Era Competition from Luo Zheng.
Then what was this Great Era Competition about?
Not only Ning Yu Die herself was confused, even Luo Zheng himself wasn't particularly clear about it.
Now, she thought that this Great Era Competition was about the Divine Path!
However, Ning Yu Die didn't know that understanding this Great Era Competition was also very narrow.
In fact, not only Ning Yu Die, but the vast majority of the martial artists in the universe also didn't know much about it.
They only knew that after the Great Era Competition arrived, geniuses were like a spring, and ordinary geniuses were no longer qualified to be called geniuses …
What was a genius? Being different, possessing incomparable talent and ability, that was what a genius was.
When the number of geniuses in the Great Era Competition increased, then everyone was no longer considered a genius.
In the current universe, the true geniuses could only be the geniuses of the major forces, the geniuses of the major races.
These people had generally opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, and if they reached the Grand Completion of the Lotus Flower, they would become Daoists, and this was the possibility of becoming a True God.
And these people not only had the possibility of becoming a True God, they also carried the fate of the universe.
As the battle of the Great Era Competition continued to evolve, the crisis of the universe would erupt sooner or later, and this kind of crisis was unavoidable for every warrior and every living being in the universe.
It was the same in the previous Evolution Eras.
In the previous Evolution Era, the crisis that erupted in the Great Era was the fall of the stars and the descent of the fire demons.
In the Evolution Era before that, the crisis that erupted in the Great Era was the Divine Punishment Plague …
In the Evolution Era before that, the crisis that erupted in the Great Era was the fall of the stars …
In the Evolution Era before that, it was the events of 10 billion years ago. There was no historical data to be found, and the warriors in the universe could only trace back the history of three Evolution Eras. Moreover, this history was extremely incomplete.
After all, after rounds of derivation and extinction, all civilizations would dissipate, and there would be very few things that could be passed down to the next Evolution Era.
"Which force does Xi Youqin belong to? Why is she standing at the 60th place? "
Ning Yu Die's face was a little gloomy. She was naturally not convinced by Xi Youqin's ability to stand above Luo Zheng.
"This Xi Youqin seems to be very unfamiliar, but I heard that this woman seems to have some background. She seems to be from the Extreme Purple Realm," someone answered.
"Extreme Purple Realm, huh? Extreme Purple Yin Body, so that's how it is." Although Ning Yu Die knew that Xi Youqin had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and that the giant swords she controlled were also very powerful, she did not know that the Extreme Purple Realm was actually so powerful in the Upper Realm. Nurturing a single Xi Youqin could allow her to enter the top 100 of the entire universe?
However, at this moment, a whip suddenly lashed out at Ning Yu Die!
That whip directly exploded in front of Ning Yu Die's face!
Although it did not hit Ning Yu Die, after the whip exploded, it brought with it a strong gust of wind, like a knife slashing towards her!
At this moment, a faint ice crystal appeared on Ning Yu Die's face. This ice crystal was arranged according to a certain distance, forming a special layer of True Qi protection.
The knife-like gust of wind cut on the ice crystal, and the surface of the ice crystal cracked, revealing Ning Yu Die's angry face.
If not for the protection of this ice crystal, her face would have been cut into pieces. Although there was a way to restore her face, she would still suffer a lot of damage!
"You, what do you want to do!"
Ning Yu Die suddenly stood up, her face full of anger as she stared at the middle-aged woman not far away.
Although she was a slave here, pouring her own True Qi into the Jade Clear Holy Lands' Dream Space for free, she was not a slave of the Jade Clear Holy Lands!
Not far away, the middle-aged woman holding the whip stared at Ning Yu Die with a sneer on her face, "I said, no noise is allowed here, but you keep breaking the rules. This whip is just a warning, if there is a next time, it will not be a matter of this whip anymore."
"I was just talking in a low voice, it did not affect the True Qi pouring, not to mention the others were also talking, you … why are you targeting me?" Ning Yu Die asked coldly.
"Heh," The middle-aged woman held the whip in her hand, her face full of disdain, "Others? You are just an ascender from the Lower Realm, what qualifications do you have to compare yourself with others? You lowly … "
At this moment!
A black broken blade circled around, flashed a few times in the space, and then floated beside the middle-aged woman!
This broken blade was extremely fast, almost unavoidable, and instantly cut off the middle-aged woman's right arm!
Accompanied by a spray of blood, the middle-aged woman's mouth burst out with a squeal like a pig being slaughtered.
When the martial artists who were pouring True Qi saw this scene, their faces did not change much, but they also stood up and watched the scene in front of them.
Losing an arm was not a rare thing for a martial artist, but someone dared to hurt someone here, that explained the problem. This person must have a considerable status in the Jade Clear Holy Land.
After all, even a Holy Land Holy Land's Holy Lord had personally come to observe the Dreamland Hall. How could an ordinary person dare to do anything here? Wasn't that the same as seeking death?
"Who? Why did you hurt me!? "
The middle-aged woman clutched her arm, her eyes filled with bewilderment. This middle-aged woman could be considered a smart person. She knew that the person who dared to cut off her arm here was not someone she could provoke!
But, she hadn't done anything wrong, so why did someone cut off her arm? Why?
The middle-aged woman was unconvinced in her heart, thus she asked!
Before long, a person stepped out from the space. This person had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation. Many martial artists with keen eyes recognized him. This person was the Jade Clear Holy Land's Ninth Palace Master, and was also a top 100 ranked character of the Jade Clear Holy Land!
"Cutting off your arm is only to help you remember some etiquette," The Ninth Palace Master coldly said. He turned to look at Ning Yudie, and that icy expression immediately melted away as if it had met the bright sun, replaced by a gentle smile, "You … are you Miss Ning?"
Ning Yudie was stunned. This person's cultivation was unfathomably deep, so why was he so polite to her?
After she ascended, she had been despised everywhere she went and treated unfairly. Her heart was filled with regret. If she had known this would happen, she wouldn't have ascended. The Divine Sea realm was nothing in the Jade Clear Holy Land!
"I am Ning Yudie," Ning Yudie replied truthfully.
The Ninth Palace Master smiled amiably, "Would Miss Ning be willing to come with me?"
Under such politeness, a strange look appeared on Ning Yudie's face, but she still nodded slightly, "But I still have to infuse my True Essence here …"
"Miss Ning's words are too polite. Don't mention this matter again," The Ninth Palace Master smiled.
And so, Ning Yudie left under the lead of the Ninth Palace Master …
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the Ninth Palace Master personally came to take away a woman who had ascended. Naturally, everyone began to talk about it.
"Who is that woman? How could she be taken care of by the Ninth Palace Master? "
"Look at her beautiful face, could it be that she has caught the eye of some big shot in the Jade Clear Holy Land?"
"What's the use of being beautiful? Not to mention those big shots, even you and I have a lot of beautiful women around us. "

Chapter 1306
This sudden laughter made Luo Zheng slightly uncomfortable.
When they were in the outside world, Luo Zheng had a lot of interactions with her. Although they had never met, his impression of her was that she was a lively girl.
However, after entering the Illusory Battlefield, she started to meticulously read out the rules of the battlefield and became extremely cold.
"Not bad, Luo Zheng. You've entered the 77th place!" This girl's voice was directly transmitted to Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng was stunned for a while before he asked, "Luo Yan, is there any news?"
"…"
The other side was silent for a while, then a very dissatisfied voice was heard. "Why is this the first thing you say to me every time?"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Wasn't this nonsense?
Although his Roaring Command could be used infinitely, he wouldn't be so idle as to tell her a story. Wasn't it just to ask her to help find out the whereabouts of Luo Yan?
"No news?" Luo Zheng asked.
The mysterious girl said indifferently, "The Divine Realm is much larger than you think … I sent back the news a few years ago, but there's still no news." In desperation, the mysterious girl could only explain to Luo Zheng in this way.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a disappointed expression. He sighed slightly and asked, "What do you want? Why did you suddenly appear?"
He originally wanted to investigate this bamboo slip, but he didn't expect the mysterious girl's consciousness to suddenly appear.
"Nothing. This time, I'm personally hosting the Illusory Battlefield. Don't you want to ask me for help?" the mysterious girl said with a smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng immediately refused. "No need."
Although Luo Zheng didn't know the true meaning behind the Illusory Battlefield, he also knew that this was the place where the geniuses of the Divine Ocean Realm in the universe competed. After entering the Illusory Battlefield, he relied on his own strength and had never relied on Qinglong or Xun. Since he had already reached this step, why would he still need the help of others?
He knew that he would eventually face those geniuses and Dao Children.
For example, the combined Ji Luoxue and the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. However, martial artists could only rely on themselves in the end. They might be able to show off for a while with the help of others, but that was ultimately the power of others.
"Don't be like this … I really can help you," the mysterious girl continued.
"I said I don't need it." Luo Zheng frowned. "I just need you to inquire about Luo Yan. That's all."
"…" The other side instantly fell silent.
In the center of the three scarlet castles, there was a ring-shaped cloud floating in the sky.
In the depths of the clouds, there was a palace that looked like it was carved out of crystal …
At the edge of the palace, there was a young girl sitting on the railing.
This young girl was wearing a light blue Jadeite Mist Gown, and her green pleated skirt was spread out behind her. Her slender and round legs were hanging along the railing in the clouds, and her pair of fair and delicate feet were faintly discernible in the clouds. Looking from behind, her small shoulders seemed to have been carved out, and her back view looked very lonely … … … … … …..
She was the host of this Illusory Battlefield, and she was also the mysterious girl who had been listening to Luo Zheng's stories.
At this moment, her cheeks were puffed up, and her face was full of anger!
"I've never seen such a person. You don't know how to appreciate kindness! Hmph … I don't care if you live or die! "
Ever since Luo Zheng had entered the Illusory Battlefield, this was the first time the mysterious girl had seen Luo Zheng in person. Her gaze had followed Luo Zheng from beginning to end, from one main city to another, and then to the Karma Hall …
At this stage, she still trusted Luo Zheng's strength very much. Although she had paid close attention to him, she had not helped him.
At the second stage, she wanted to take the initiative to help Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was her friend …
However, although she had talked with Luo Zheng for many years, she did not understand Luo Zheng's character.
It was not that Luo Zheng's character was pedantic. He did not pursue absolute fairness. After all, there was no fairness in this world from birth. Talent, opportunity, background, luck …
There were too many things that could affect a person's fate. A completely fair world did not exist.
However, Luo Zheng knew that this Illusory Battlefield was also a review for Luo Zheng himself. This kind of opportunity could only come once per Evolution Era. He did not want to miss this opportunity, nor did he want to obtain this opportunity by cheating.
The young girl's beautiful eyebrows slightly knitted. Her beautiful eyes moved, and there was a mischievous smile in them.
"You don't need my help. Humph … I will make it so that you can't avoid it! No one can disobey this girl! "
She had been in charge of this universe for almost six Evolution Eras. One Evolution Era was 3.6 billion years, and six Evolution Eras would be 21.6 billion years …
To her clan, lifespan was an eternal existence …
In the river of time, she had sealed herself away most of the time.
One hundred million years was just a snap of her fingers to her. Making time flow faster, or making time jump in her consciousness, was almost an instinct of her clan.
In the previous Evolution Eras, the young girl had passed through like this.
After reaching this Evolution Era, she suddenly felt bored and woke up from the Heavenly Dao.
When she was bored, singing was also not bad …
She did not expect that it would be fine if she did not sing. Once she sang, she almost messed up the entire world.
In the end, a group of Celestial Venerables begged her to stop singing.
She wanted to use the Roaring Token to chat, but that group of Celestial Venerables tightly held the Roaring Token, afraid that they would waste one. This was simply too much!
In fact, the production method of the Roaring Token was secretly released by her. Otherwise, although this world was big and there were many living beings, it was still too quiet for her who was bound by the Heavenly Dao …
Later, the Roaring Tokens increased, and it became lively, but still, no one was willing to respond to her.
She was still very bored …
Until Luo Zheng appeared.
This guy attracted her attention as soon as he appeared.
He seemed to be looking for a woman called Luo Yan. However, he relied on the Roaring Token to shout all over the world, but he did not get a response.
In the end, he quarreled with two Celestial Venerables …
Then, he started to count!
At that time, the mysterious girl felt that Luo Zheng was an interesting guy!
At the same time, she was also very curious. Where did Luo Zheng get so many Roaring Tokens? Or did he also have a Roaring Token like her that could be used infinitely?
She was not interested in finding out how Luo Zheng got his Roaring Token. As long as this guy was willing to chat with her, she was very satisfied …
Later, she listened to Luo Zheng tell her stories and agreed to help Luo Zheng find his sister. In these few years, she no longer fell into a deep sleep. Or rather, every time she fell into a deep sleep, she would force herself to wake up. Therefore, the time she slept was often less than a year and half, and not tens of millions of years like before, or even hundreds of millions of years …
Now that she had made a decision, she slowly raised her right hand, and a purple halo appeared on her slender arm. The moment this halo appeared, it quietly spread to the surroundings. Without anyone noticing, it enveloped the entire Illusory Battlefield!
Luo Zheng naturally did not know this mysterious girl's plan.
After the mysterious girl's voice disappeared, he finally breathed a sigh of relief and once again investigated the golden bamboo slip. Only then did he realize that this golden bamboo slip was actually a Heavenly Dao law imprint for the statue!
However, this Heavenly Dao law actually required 500 million fantasy points to exchange for. Seeing this condition, Luo Zheng suddenly felt dizzy.
Even the first place of the Illusory Battlefield could not possibly have 500 million fantasy points, right?
Thus, Luo Zheng turned around and chose the Strength Bamboo Slip, the Defense Bamboo Slip, and the Speed Bamboo Slip to exchange for these three bamboo slips.
Some people were extremely extreme and concentrated all their fantasy points on one bamboo slip, but Luo Zheng still pursued balance as much as possible. However, Luo Zheng did not know that when he was exchanging, the mysterious girl had already done something to him.

Chapter 1307
The number of Fantasy Points accumulated during the second stage would no longer determine the ranking of the Illusion Battlefield.
Now, they were in the process of elimination. As long as their statues were damaged, they would be eliminated.
Thus, every martialist would invest all their Fantasy Points into their statues before the end of the time and use them to strengthen their statues.
100,000 Fantasy Points could only strengthen their statues once, and the degree of strengthening wasn't obvious.
They knew that they would have to rely on themselves for the next battle. It was impossible to rely on the statues to fight.
Thus, most of the martialists used their Fantasy Points to strengthen their defenses. This was the most reliable method. After all, the top 2,500 martialists had absolute confidence in their own strength.
As for this statue made of an unknown stone? It would be fine as long as it didn't shatter and cause them to be eliminated …
There was originally a purple star on the chest of this statue.
When they strengthened their statues 100 times, which was 50 million Fantasy Points, an additional purple star would appear on their chests!
Most people had more than 5,000 Fantasy Points. Only the martialists ranked below the top 2,000 would accumulate slightly fewer Fantasy Points. Thus, after everyone exhausted their accumulated Fantasy Points, a purple mark would appear on their chests and a second purple star would appear.
During this strengthening process, a heavily armored martialist brought his statue to the second level.
This martialist had a square face, and his equipment was very exaggerated. He held a huge shield that was as tall as a person in his left hand and a silver sword in his right. His eyes were burning and his expression was very solemn. The statue behind him also held a huge shield and a heavy sword.
Luo Zheng was methodically strengthening his statue when he saw a flash of white light at the corner of his eyes. He glanced at it and raised his eyebrows imperceptibly.
This person was ranked seventh in the pyramid!
Because of his heavy equipment, Luo Zheng had a deep impression of him. However, he didn't know which faction this fellow belonged to.
When this person came up, everyone started whispering.
"Jiang Zhengyi of the Demi-Immortal Race …"
"I heard he's crazy …"
"Don't underestimate this person. He's a Dao Disciple of the Demi-Immortal Race!"
When Luo Zheng heard these discussions, Luo Zheng's heart jumped slightly.
So this was a Daoist?
Now, Luo Zheng already knew that Daozi was a martial artist who had fully bloomed his Mahayana Lotus. However, this person looked strange. Which Divine Path did he cultivate?
"Justice No.2! We're on standby! "
Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and pointed at a position. His statue stood there according to his orders, and at the same time, it knelt down on one knee and kowtowed to him.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was stupefied.
He had already said that this statue was his clone. Controlling a clone to kneel and worship him, could this person really be crazy? How could a lunatic become a Daoist?
After Jiang Zhengyi gave the order, he started to use his consciousness to browse through the bamboo slips like the others …
After making this decision, he actually chose to strengthen his strength. He used all his fantasy points to exchange for the Power Bamboo Scroll!
Streaks of red light surrounded his statue! Every time the red light flashed, it meant that he was going to strengthen it once. From the looks of it, he was probably only preparing to strengthen his strength!
Everyone looked at this Demi-Immortal Daoist as if they were looking at an idiot.
This statue was as weak as mud and would break with a light touch. What was the use of purely strengthening his strength?
If he used that statue to punch him, he would probably break into pieces. This Jiang Zhengyi didn't plan on passing the second stage, right?
"I've always heard that the Demi-Immortal Daoist Jiang Zhengyi was a strange fellow. Today, I've seen it for myself. He's no different from an idiot," a martial artist said mockingly.
Jiang Zhengyi seemed to be concentrating on his statue. When he heard this, he suddenly turned his head and said to the martial artist, "Talking about others behind their backs is an extremely immoral thing!"
After saying this, Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and pointed it at the martial artist. The shiny sword reflected the martial artist's face. Jiang Zhengyi continued, "I'll remember your face. I can't punish you here, but if we meet in the outside world, I definitely won't let you off!"
When he said this, his expression was extremely serious. It didn't seem like he was joking. It was as if since he said this, he had to do it.
Hearing this, the martial artist's expression turned ugly …
No matter how much of an idiot Jiang Zhengyi was, he was still a Demi-Immortal Daoist. Furthermore, it was rumored that this fellow never joked and always did what he said.
After saying this, Jiang Zhengyi no longer paid attention to the martial artist and continued to invest fantasy points to strengthen his statue.
Soon after, a purple light flashed and a second purple star appeared on the statue's chest. This meant that Jiang Zhengyi had invested more than 50 million fantasy points. However, he did not stop there. Instead, he continued to strengthen the statue's power.
However, no one expected that not long after, the chest of Jiang Zhengyi's statue flashed with purple light again.
A third purple star had appeared!
"Why is there a third purple star?"
"This Jiang Zhengyi probably has more than 100 million fantasy points! That's why there's a third purple star! "
"So many fantasy points are wasted on strengthening my strength. What a waste …"
No one knew how to quantify the strength of the statue and could only make a rough estimate.
However, everyone could guess that the purple star on the statue represented the degree of strengthening the statue itself …
Seeing this scene, everyone sighed in their hearts. This fellow actually had so many fantasy points, but he was wasting them on strengthening the statue!
One had to know that everyone only had two ways to strengthen the statue. One was to infinitely strengthen the statue's defense. The other was to do the same as Luo Zheng, to strengthen the statue evenly. What was the use of strengthening the statue?
However, no one reminded Jiang Zhengyi. Even if they did, this fellow wouldn't listen.
After Luo Zheng strengthened the speed jade slip, he began to strengthen the strength and defense jade slips.
However, at this moment, a strange scene occurred …
He hadn't strengthened it for long when the chest of his statue flashed with purple light and a second purple star appeared!
According to their speculations, the appearance of a second five-star required 50 million fantasy points. However, Luo Zheng had only used less than 8 million fantasy points. How could there be an additional purple star?
At this moment, no one was paying attention to Jiang Zhengyi.
Although they knew that Jiang Zhengyi was ranked very high and was ranked seventh in the entire Illusory Battlefield, they didn't know how many fantasy points he had accumulated. Using this point, they could make a rough estimate!
Currently, Jiang Zhengyi was still constantly strengthening himself. Everyone held their breaths as they watched this scene.
Not long after, a fourth purple star appeared!
In other words, Jiang Zhengyi had at least 200 million fantasy points …
These cultivators who had entered the top 2,500 were somewhat arrogant. Since they had climbed to the top 2,500, they felt that the gap between them and the experts in front of them wasn't that big!
However, Jiang Zhengyi had more than 200 million fantasy points and was only ranked seventh?
How many fantasy points had the sixth person plundered?
What about the fifth person?
Fourth, third, second …
At this moment, they all sucked in a breath of cold air. They finally realized how big the gap was between them and the geniuses in front of them!
This exclamation also attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
"This fellow really has 200 million fantasy points?" Luo Zheng's pupils constricted.
No wonder …
Luo Zheng had plundered close to 100 million fantasy points in that large world but still wasn't able to surpass the first place. It was likely that the first place had a lot of fantasy points as well.
These fellows were indeed monstrous. The higher the rank of the cultivators, the greater the gap between them …
After a long time, Jiang Zhengyi finally stopped strengthening his statue. Judging from the time he stopped strengthening, everyone guessed that he had between 230 million and 240 million fantasy points. He definitely hadn't reached 250 million fantasy points. Otherwise, he would have been able to strengthen a fifth five-star purple star.
As for Luo Zheng, he also sped up the strengthening process …
He was still puzzled. The second five-star purple star had appeared very early on. He originally thought that it might have been because he had distributed it better and thus had a greater impact on the statue's strength.

Chapter 1308
It wasn't strange for two purple stars to appear.
Most people would be able to form a second purple star after spending all their fantasy points.
However, those who could strengthen a third purple star were few and far between …
Only the top 20 in the Illusion Battlefield would have so many fantasy points.
In this scarlet castle, there were only seven or eight cultivators who could strengthen the third purple star.
"Look, that kid also formed a third purple star!"
Some cultivators noticed the statue beside Luo Zheng.
When that cultivator shouted, everyone's gazes gathered. When they noticed Luo Zheng, they were slightly stunned.
"This guy, I remember he's only ranked around 70."
"To be precise, he's ranked 77."
"That's not right. This guy's ranking is behind me. He definitely has fewer fantasy points than me, but why can't I form a third purple star?!"
These cultivators were very meticulous in their observations. They had clearly memorized their respective rankings.
The rankings were based on the number of fantasy points. The cultivators ranked above Luo Zheng couldn't form a third purple star. How could Luo Zheng form a third purple star?
A helpless smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he heard these discussions.
He also didn't know what had happened …
However, he didn't talk about the discussions of others. Instead, he continued to invest fantasy points into the bamboo slips and continued to strengthen his statue.
When Luo Zheng invested more than 40 million fantasy points, the statue's chest flickered with purple light again!
"Buzz …"
The fourth purple star condensed on his chest.
"The fourth one!"
"No way, how did he do it?"
"I don't think he invested that many fantasy points …"
At this moment, the righteous Jiang Zhengyi also looked over and stared at Luo Zheng's statue.
All the cultivators looked over at Luo Zheng …
"This guy didn't cheat, right?"
"Cheat? Cheating in the Illusion Battlefield? Are you joking? "
"If he didn't cheat, how could he form a fourth purple star …"
However, before they could finish their words, another purple star condensed above Luo Zheng's statue ….
The fifth one …
Normally, forming the fifth purple star would require 250 million fantasy points.
Even the seventh-ranked Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan hadn't been able to condense it, but Luo Zheng had.
Everyone looked at the statue of Luo Zheng. Their faces were blank, and they didn't know what to say.
"There won't be a sixth one …"
However, before he could finish speaking, a purple light flashed, and the sixth purple star appeared.
Luo Zheng glanced at the sixth purple star above the statue. His expression was numb.
He had already guessed where the problem lay. It was most likely that the mysterious girl had done something.
"This fellow is too willful …"
Luo Zheng said in a low voice. However, he had no other choice. He couldn't just throw all these fantasy points away and waste them here.
As Luo Zheng continued to invest his Fantasy Points, purple stars appeared one after another.
The seventh one …
The eighth one …
The ninth one …
When Luo Zheng used up all his Fantasy Points, ten purple stars appeared on the chest of the statue!
This statue emitted a vigorous aura that was even stronger than Luo Zheng's aura …
Every time a purple star appeared, the shock in everyone's eyes increased. At this moment, they were very quiet as they stared at Luo Zheng in a daze.
Luo Zheng sized up his statue, and a trace of satisfaction appeared on his face. He then raised his head and looked at the circle of light at the top of the blood-colored castle. This circle of light was already 90% complete. It seemed that the countdown was about to end. With a thought, he controlled the statue and prepared to leave with it.
"You … how did you do it?" a warrior asked. Everyone wanted to know the trick.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. "I'm not sure either."
After Luo Zheng left, everyone started to discuss again.
"Who is this fellow?"
"Being ranked 77th, he definitely isn't a nobody. However, he looks very unfamiliar …"
"Hurry up and get ready. The countdown is about to end."
Luo Zheng brought the statue to the platform above the blood-colored castle's gate and looked at the plains in the distance.
According to the mysterious girl, this round of assessment would be faced with an endless beast tide …
The statue would be the first target of the beast tide, and the warrior would be the second target. If the warrior died, there was no problem as he could revive. However, once the statue was destroyed, he would be eliminated!
After everyone strengthened their statues, they began to occupy the advantageous terrain.
Some people climbed to the top of the castle, some hid in a corner, and even more people were distributed on both sides of the castle …
Soon after, the circle of light completely disappeared.
The moment the circle of light dissipated, it emitted a blood-colored light that suddenly spread out.
"Hu …"
Luo Zheng, who was standing next to the statue, looked at the endless plains in front of the blood-colored castle's gate and saw a thin stretch of black gas rising straight up.
"Ge ge ge …"
A series of disorderly chirps could be heard from afar.
A blue light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes, and his face revealed a trace of seriousness.
"Pangolins?"
What appeared in Luo Zheng's vision was a group of innumerable black pangolins.
These pangolins were about the same size as adult wolves and had a pair of extremely sharp wings. Although they had wings, they relied on a pair of thick feet to run wildly on the ground.
"This is …"
"This is the Nether Armor Beast. This beast grew up in the Underworld. Its abdomen is like a drum, hiding explosive sacs. After killing it, it will produce a violent explosion!"
"This is the first wave!"
Seeing countless Nether Armor Beasts approaching, Luo Zheng's fighting spirit became stronger and stronger.
No matter whether the mysterious girl helped him cheat or not, he had to pass the second stage of the assessment.
"Ge ge ge …"
The noisy cries were getting closer and closer.
Many warriors looked more and more serious.
These geniuses were very clear that the first stage of the assessment was only to distinguish them from the hundreds of millions of Divine Sea Realm warriors.
Now they had entered the elimination stage, which was the most critical stage!
"Here they come!"
Those Nether Armor Beasts were like a black carpet, rushing over from the plain. However, in the end, they still gathered at the gate of the Scarlet Castle and swarmed in through the mouth of the beast head!
"Ge ge ge …"
Most of the Nether Armor Beasts went straight to the Scarlet Castle, but some of them noticed Luo Zheng on the platform. They turned their heads and charged at him.
Or rather, they charged at Luo Zheng's statue.
"Die!"
There was no hesitation on Luo Zheng's face. With a gentle wave of the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword, chaotic wind blades spread out from the long sword!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
These wind blades formed a circular encirclement, wrapping Luo Zheng and the statue in the middle.
The Nether Armor Beast in the front exploded the moment it was cut by the wind blades, creating a powerful impact!
"Bang!"
After this Nether Armor Beast exploded, the sharp scales on its back also spewed out, rushing toward Luo Zheng and the statue like hidden weapons.
At first, Luo Zheng was still a little worried. Although his statue had been strengthened, the specific degree of strengthening was uncertain. However, those sharp scales nailed onto the statue one by one, not leaving a single mark!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was relieved.
With a slight thought, his statue rushed out first and began to crush those Nether Armor Beasts …
This statue was like a puppet controlled by Luo Zheng. He didn't even need to do it himself. From the gate of the castle, it crushed all the way to the hall.
These Nether Armor Beasts were like an ocean, occupying the entire Scarlet Castle.
All the warriors were desperately protecting their statues. They would rather bear the impact of the explosion of the Nether Armor Beasts than let their statues suffer the slightest bit of damage.
Just now, a warrior was careless and his statue was surrounded by dozens of Nether Armor Beasts. Under the explosion, the statue was blown to pieces, and that warrior was directly eliminated!
Among them, the most extreme was Jiang Zhengyi.
Although his statue was extremely fragile, he used all his fantasy points to strengthen the power of his statue.
However, at this moment, his statue was enveloped by a translucent light shield.
This was the "Sacred Shield of the Heart" that Jiang Zhengyi had comprehended. As long as his mind was not destroyed, the Sacred Shield would never be broken!
With such a sacred shield draped over the statue, it brandished the giant sword in its hand. Those Nether Armor Beasts were like ants in front of the statue, and they were easily crushed.
However, when everyone's gaze landed on Luo Zheng's statue, they were all speechless.
Luo Zheng didn't give the statue any protection. He just relied on himself to rampage through those Nether Armor Beasts …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1309
It was probably because this statue had been strengthened by Luo Zheng to a ridiculous degree …
Luo Zheng was also very surprised and speechless.
This Scarlet Castle should be a process of elimination, but that mysterious little girl had directly helped him strengthen this statue to an astonishing degree.
With this statue's current strength, it would be very difficult for Luo Zheng to destroy it.
This directly led to a problem.
During this process of elimination, he seemed to have become an existence that had nothing to do and was like a bystander.
Wave after wave of beasts rushed into the Scarlet Castle like a tide.
From the Nether Armor Beasts to the Wind Tooth Dragons now …
Luo Zheng's statue was like a boulder, standing in the middle of the castle's hall.
As for the other warriors, they were either running around after being crushed by the beasts, or struggling to hold on.
Towards the end, even Jiang Zhengyi could not hold on!
After all, the beasts became stronger as they went on. Although the Sacred Shield he condensed was very strong, it was also consuming his willpower …
Luo Zheng cut the head of a Wind Tooth Dragon with a sword, but his face was full of indifference.
The Wind Tooth Dragons' first target was the statues, so they would not dodge his attack …
Luo Zheng could probably pass this round of elimination by sleeping. He was completely reduced to a spectator.
"Unnecessary." Luo Zheng curled his lips, his face revealing a helpless expression. Although he knew that the mysterious girl had good intentions, she had made him lose any difficulty in challenging her.
He lowered his head to look at his Sumeru Ring, and gently pressed it. Accompanied by a flash of light, the Teleportation Token appeared in his hand.
With the strength of this statue, he did not need to do anything to pass this round of elimination.
Accompanied by a flash of light, Luo Zheng escaped into that strange space.
At this moment, the marked main cities in this space had completely disappeared, leaving only the three red main cities in the center, which were the three Scarlet Castles.
Without much consideration, Luo Zheng chose one of the main cities and abruptly sunk into it.
Now, the three Scarlet Castles were undergoing the baptism of the beasts, and warriors were constantly being eliminated.
Among the 2,500 warriors, thousands of their statues had been destroyed by the beasts. The moment their statues were destroyed, they were kicked out of this place and eliminated …
Although they were unwilling, the rules of the Illusory Battlefield were like this. If they could not comply, they would be eliminated.
"Bang!"
Accompanied by a blazing white light, Luo Zheng directly appeared at the top of the Scarlet Castle's hall, and then fell down heavily.
Some of the warriors who were fighting against the ferocious beasts were stunned when they saw this scene.
What happened?
Why did this guy appear at this time?
In the hall of the blood-colored castle, seven flying swords of different colors floated around Xi Youqin.
These seven flying swords were the inheritance treasures of the Indefinite Tower. For this War of the Worlds, the Indefinite Old Man naturally would not be stingy and handed them over to Xi Youqin to bring into the Illusory Battlefield.
But before this, she had never used to use them …
But in order to protect her statue, Xi Youqin did not hesitate to use these seven flying swords.
The seven flying swords shuttled back and forth between her and her statue, forming seven colorful lines that protected her from top to bottom. But even so, there were some cracks on Xi Youqin's statue.
In comparison, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was beside Xi Youqin, seemed to be at ease.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had plundered about 300 million fantasy points in the Illusory Battlefield! Using these fantasy points to strengthen the statue, it was naturally much stronger than ordinary warriors. Moreover, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength was not ordinary, and he seemed to be at ease in this round of elimination.
Of course …
No matter how at ease he was, he could not be compared to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng directly threw his statue in another Scarlet Castle, and ran over to "stroll" by himself.
"Miss, you still haven't told me your name!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said indifferently beside Xi Youqin. Although there was a trace of gloominess between his brows, his words were refined. In addition to his handsome appearance, he gave people a feeling of bathing in the spring breeze.
"Move aside!"
Xi Youqin said coldly. The seven flying swords shuttled back and forth even faster, but her attitude was extremely cold.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
In the blink of an eye, she cut more than ten Wind Fang Dragons into pieces.
These Wind Fang Dragons were not very strong, but they were beings of law born in the wind. Before they died, they would turn into wind blades that could penetrate through any hole. If one was careless, one's statue would be damaged, so one had to be very careful when dealing with them.
Xi Youqin did not care if she was eliminated. Her master did not set a rule that she had to be first …
But she was only a step away from meeting Luo Zheng, so how could she give up so easily?
The most important thing was that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was nagging at the side, which made Xi Youqin's mood very irritated!
"Miss, if you tell me your name, I, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, can guarantee that you will not be eliminated," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said. He stretched out his hand and patted lightly. Waves of invisible energy spread out.
All the Wind Fang Dragons within a radius of ten zhang seemed to be choked by an invisible hand. They were lifted in the air, constantly struggling …
Then, he stretched out his hand and gently pinched!
These hundreds of Wind Fang Dragons were pinched into two by him!
"Swish swish …"
Hundreds of Wind Fang Dragons were killed in an instant, and they immediately turned into tens of thousands of sharp wind blades, flying toward Xi Youqin and Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression did not change. He gently waved his hand, and all the wind blades automatically dissipated. When those wind blades shot over, they turned into gusts of wind …
"So strong." Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin's eyes slightly narrowed.
The current her was no longer the Xi Youqin of the past. After six years of cultivation in the Uncertain Tower, she had a new understanding of the martial path.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's move was indeed somewhat unimaginable. He actually directly dissolved the wind blades!
However, just as Xuanyuan Chenfeng killed those Wind Fang Dragons, a large number of Wind Fang Dragons immediately filled the gap and continued to rush toward Xi Youqin …
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not attack. His figure was like the wind, dodging, allowing those Wind Fang Dragons to attack Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin lightly bit her dark red lips. The seven flying swords' coordination became even tighter …
Actually, with her strength, it was not difficult to deal with these Wind Fang Dragons. However, when she was strengthening the statue, she wasted a large amount of fantasy points. The strengthening of the statue's defensive power was not enough.
Her statue was simply unable to withstand the cutting of the wind blades. Just a slight touch would leave a deep mark!
However, if her sword formation was used against the enemy, although it could be watertight, it was slightly strenuous to block these wind blades.
"Pa!"
In a moment of carelessness, a wind blade directly pierced through her sword formation. One of the wind blades was not blocked by her and directly hit her statue, almost cutting it in half!
Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of hesitation. There was also a trace of helplessness in her eyes.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng still had a gentle smile on his face as he indifferently looked at Xi Youqin. With his great reputation, he did not lack women.
As long as Xuanyuan Chenfeng opened his mouth, those proud women would be at his disposal.
As a Daozi, he was the main character of this era. Who could resist him?
However, this woman in front of him was the first woman to arouse his interest. He never expected that this woman would be so cold to him …
With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's arrogant personality, he believed that there was nothing he could not do.
"Miss … It wasn't easy for you to fight your way here. It would be a pity if you were eliminated …"
However, Xi Youqin ignored him. She snorted coldly at him and continued to bitterly hold on …
Not far away, there was a group of Wind Fang Dragons that covered the sky and rushed towards her.
Her slender eyebrows furrowed, and the seven long swords all turned around, forming a spiral sword formation, and strangling towards the front!
Meanwhile, she began to retreat with the statue behind her!
However, just as she retreated, she saw several wind blades rushing towards her from the other side.
These Wind Fang Dragons had already filled the entire hall of the castle. As long as one Wind Fang Dragon was killed, it would scatter wind blades. Therefore, everyone in the hall was in danger because they did not know where the wind blades would come from.
Previously, many warriors had already fallen because of this.
As she retreated, Xi Youqin's expression suddenly changed. Her seven flying swords had already shot forward, but they were unable to stop those wind blades!
Seeing this, the corners of Xi Youqin's mouth curled up as resentment flowed out of her eyes.
"Damn it, I was just one step away from meeting that enemy!"
The statue was destroyed, and she was about to be eliminated. Her long-cherished wish to see Luo Zheng again would have to be pushed back!

Chapter 1310
Although she knew that she was about to be eliminated, Xi Youqin was not sad at all.
For the other geniuses, this round of the Battle of the Ages was a torrent of courage.
If they succeeded, they would bear the fate of the entire universe, and at the same time, they would obtain endless resources and a bright future.
As long as they persevered for one more step, they might be able to reach the peak. At this moment, after being eliminated, their feelings would probably be like falling into an abyss.
However, in Xi Youqin's opinion …
These were just trivial matters of no consequence.
Her goal was never to compete with the countless geniuses in the universe.
She left the Purple Extreme Realm just to find Luo Zheng. As for the high hopes that her Master had placed on her … that was only her Master's high hopes.
Most of the martial artists would probably find it hard to understand that she had competed all the way out of hundreds of millions of martial artists just for such a speechless goal.
At this moment, Xi Youqin only felt extremely regretful …
That guy was obviously in another scarlet castle. Due to the restrictions of the rules, she could not surpass him. She felt very regretful.
However, at this moment, she suddenly felt a figure flash by.
That figure stopped beside her, blocking in front of her statue …
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Several wind blades, like sharp blades, hit the figure and produced a series of muffled sounds.
Who was this guy …
Why did he use his body to block it?
Even if these geniuses used their bodies to block the wind blades, they would definitely be seriously injured, right?
She raised her head slightly and saw a handsome face. There was a faint smile on his face and his eyes were shining with an indescribable expression.
It was this smile that made Xi Youqin a little dazed.
Her heart was full of questions, and this place was still full of danger, but she was too lazy to pay attention to them.
The seven flying swords that had lost control were like puppets that had lost their strings. They fell to the ground and emitted a pleasant sound when they collided with each other.
Without the resistance of the sword formation, groups of wind teeth dragons attacked again …
If she did not resist, her statue would be torn apart at any time, and she would be eliminated …
However, she did not care anymore. After all, she had already seen this person.
Without paying attention to anything, she threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
For the past few years, she had been suppressing her longing while cultivating. However, these longing could only be suppressed and could not be erased.
But the more he suppressed it, the crazier these thoughts grew. Recently, it had almost reached the point where it was hard to suppress.
It was also at this moment that she vented her longing. A pair of jade-like arms tightly hugged Luo Zheng. She raised her head and stared at Luo Zheng, her eyes filled with infatuation.
As Xi Youqin pounced on him, Luo Zheng took the opportunity to step back and gently supported her with a gentle smile on his face.
However, he wouldn't be like Xi Youqin, who didn't care about anything.
Facing the surging Wind Fang Dragons, Luo Zheng's Primal Chaos Sea kept surging. After drawing out strands of Primal Chaos Qi, Luo Zheng's finger kept spinning.
Then, rings of light began to appear on the ground …
He had to protect Xi Youqin and deal with the Wind Fang Dragons, so he could only use the Thunder Calamity Annihilation.
Although the Thunder Calamity Annihilation consumed a lot of energy, it was extremely useful in this situation.
After a moment, lightning flashed in the air. The lightning arrived in an instant and covered the rings of light.
The powerful lightning directly poured down, and the Wind Fang Dragons were instantly killed by the lightning. Before they could shoot out the wind blades, they were directly swallowed by the Thunder Calamity Annihilation. This was no ordinary Law of Lightning. Instead, it had truly triggered the might of the Lightning Tribulation.
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng's thick eyebrows could not help but slightly raise. He looked at Luo Zheng with an undetectable gloomy expression.
"This is that Luo Zheng!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng had seen Luo Zheng's statue through Xi Youqin. "A technique that directly triggers the Thunder Calamity Annihilation. Interesting …"
Then, Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly thought of an important question …
Wasn't this guy in another blood-colored castle?
Why did he suddenly appear here?
Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not take Luo Zheng's method seriously. A technique that could trigger the Thunder Calamity Annihilation Annihilation Annihilation Annihilation Annihilation was rare, but it only made him curious. As a Dao Disciple, he was the only one in the universe. He did not take any opponents of the same level seriously.
He just did not understand what kind of magical ability this guy had. How could he jump from one blood-colored castle to another? And this guy did not need to protect his statue?
Luo Zheng naturally did not know that there was a guy beside him who was full of doubts about him. He was just coaxing Xi Youqin while dealing with the Wind Fang Dragons.
"I've been looking for you for a long time!" Xi Youqin acted coquettishly in Luo Zheng's arms.
"Me too," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Really?"
Xi Youqin's eyes flashed, but the light quickly dimmed. She shook her head, "I don't believe it!"
"Really …"
Many warriors were tired of dealing with the Wind Fang Dragons to prevent themselves from being eliminated, but this blood-colored castle had become a place for two people to talk about love.
After retreating, Luo Zheng led Xi Youqin and the statue to a corner of the castle. This place formed an angle, and there was only one path. He only needed to block the front to protect Xi Youqin and her statue.
Xi Youqin did not think so much. Although her current ranking was higher than Luo Zheng's, and her strength could compete with the geniuses of the universe, she did not have the consciousness of an expert. She was still that little girl who liked to fiddle with her cooking skills.
Now that Luo Zheng was beside her, she naturally handed everything over to him. As for the power of the thunder behind her, and how dangerous it was, she did not even bother to look back. She just put her small nose close to Luo Zheng's chest, like a kitten sniffing this long-lost scent …
"Why are you participating in the Illusory Battlefield?" Luo Zheng asked softly.
Xi Youqin's eyes blinked twice, "To find you!"
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry, "I want to ask, how did your cultivation advance so quickly …"
Through the memories of the World Will, Luo Zheng knew that Xi Youqin had left the Vast Thousand World and entered the Extreme Purple Realm.
Before he ascended, he knew that Xi Youqin was hiding something from him.
However, she treated it as a secret and refused to reveal it to Luo Zheng. Therefore, Luo Zheng was so shocked when he saw Xi Youqin's statue in the blood-colored castle.
A person who had no interest in cultivation had advanced to the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield, and her ranking was higher than his. At that moment, Luo Zheng felt a sense of defeat. There was only one question in his mind. What was going on?
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Xi Youqin giggled. She was very satisfied with Luo Zheng's question.
During Luo Zheng's dual cultivation celebration, Xi Youqin escaped into the Extreme Purple Realm and inadvertently became a disciple. She had been hiding it from Luo Zheng all this time.
At that time, Xi Youqin was extremely disappointed, and she was extremely jealous of Ning Yudie.
However, at this moment, Xi Youqin was very satisfied. At least that woman was still bitterly cultivating in the Mortal World, while she could snuggle up in Luo Zheng's arms. For Xi Youqin, this was a temporary victory! It was also the reward for her hard work over the past six years!
Therefore, she slowly and methodically told Luo Zheng what had happened back then.
Hearing the last part, Luo Zheng was also moved.
He didn't expect Xi Youqin to have done so much behind his back, and the only purpose of doing all this was to stay by his side. Thinking about how he hadn't given her anything in return, he couldn't help but feel ashamed.
Probably reading Luo Zheng's thoughts from his eyes, Xi Youqin chuckled. She stared into Luo Zheng's eyes and continued, "Don't feel ashamed. Just promise me one thing!"
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
At this moment, Xi Youqin's expression became extremely serious. "Owe me one. Marry me officially."
Luo Zheng stared at Xi Youqin and was slightly speechless. Then, he stared deeply at Xi Youqin and nodded seriously.
Xi Youqin's obsession was so deep that it had even integrated into her state of mind. In other words, she didn't have the so-called heart of martial arts. All her obsession was Luo Zheng!
After Luo Zheng nodded, Xi Youqin smiled with relief.

Chapter 1311
At this moment, all the martial artists in the blood-colored hall were fighting with all their might.
Only a small number of people could do it with ease.
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
He had more fantasy points, and the strengthened statue was much stronger than others. With his methods, if he was eliminated here, everyone would be eliminated.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a legendary figure!
He had a rough childhood. When he was born, he attracted the stars. It was a good omen for the Xuanyuan Clan.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng belonged to an insignificant side branch in the huge Xuanyuan Clan.
This phenomenon that was supposed to be an auspicious omen had instead brought him a calamity of death!
One of the main branches of the clan found his side branch in the shortest time possible and replaced Xuanyuan Chenfeng with a leopard cat. They planned to drown the real Xuanyuan Chenfeng …
However, for a favored child like Xuanyuan Chenfeng, even if he was just an infant, he had luck that ordinary people could not hope for.
Not only did he not die, but he also grew up tenaciously in a special environment. In the end, he soared to the sky and became a Daoist of the Xuanyuan Clan. And he used the name of a Daoist to take revenge for the past.
Although Xuanyuan Chenfeng was full of confidence now, because of his complicated childhood experience, he was full of distrust towards everything.
Until now, no woman had appeared by his side.
According to the rules of the Four Great Clans of the Gods No Thoughts, when these Dao Children and Geniuses reached a certain age, they would be married. However, every marriage was rejected by Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Therefore, there was a rumor in the Four Great Clans that Xuanyuan Chenfeng might have a preference for men.
He was not far away. When he heard Xi Youqin's words, he felt a little emotional. He had never met such a woman before …
Wave after wave of beasts swept over.
The number of martial artists in the three blood-colored castles decreased rapidly from 2,500.
Two days and two nights later …
Most of the martial artists were already exhausted, and the wave after wave of Beast Tide finally stopped.
At this moment, there were only 300 martial artists left in the blood-colored hall. This round of elimination eliminated 90% of the martial artists.
The rules of the Illusion Battlefield were set up to be extremely cruel. The final goal was to select the main character after the Battle of the Era …
In the first stage, only 2,500 out of 100 million Divine Sea Realm martial artists were selected.
In the second stage, only three hundred of the two thousand five hundred martial artists would be selected.
Under such a selection, the group of people who remained in the end were the prodigies and Daoists of the various major races.
And these 300 people were destined to be the most dazzling 300 stars in the universe!
Not long after, the tops of the three blood-red castles opened up and joined together, forming three massive arched bridges that connected head to tail. And in the center of these three castles, a thick purple pillar of light slowly rose up. Within this pillar of light, there were fishes that swam about. They emitted the might of the heavens and earth, enough to make all living beings submit to them!
There were only a hundred martial practitioners left in each Blood Castle.
Now that the castle was open, they all jumped onto the arched bridge and walked towards the purple light pillar in the center.
"We should go too," Luo Zheng said to Xi Youqin with a smile.
She didn't even look at the purple beam of light when it appeared. She was still nestled in Luo Zheng's arms.
Xi Youqin nodded slightly and followed behind Luo Zheng onto the arched bridge.
In the 50 Big Worlds, the most powerful people who were selected from the hundreds of millions of martial artists were gathered here.
In this encounter, in addition to observing the fishes swimming in the purple light pillar, everyone was also silently sizing each other up.
Some of them already knew each other …
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan.
Some people had distinctive features, such as Jiang Zhengyi, who was wearing a heavy helmet and had a righteous face. At a glance, one could tell that he was the Daoist of the Demi-Immortal Clan …
Of course, Luo Zheng himself was extremely famous.
But there were only a few people who had actually seen him …
However, before he could get close to the purple light pillar, a person with a sword blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
"This is really surprising. I thought that with your strength, you wouldn't even be able to enter the second stage. I didn't expect that not only did you successfully enter the second stage, but you also didn't get eliminated … Interesting! Really interesting! "
The sword in this person's hand was an inconspicuous dark iron sword, which was even a little broken.
This time, he blocked Luo Zheng's path and slightly lowered his long sword with an arrogant expression. It was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, whom Luo Zheng had met in the Karma Hall!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was not far away, heard Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's words, and his eyes flashed slightly …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao came from Gods Without Thoughts and had participated in the Four Clans Competition before, so he naturally knew this person. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was also curious. How did this Luo Zheng provoke this person?
Hearing this, everyone's eyes immediately focused on this side.
They had more or less heard of Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and his magical sword …
However, they didn't know that this guy seemed to have a grudge with another person. Why did he want to provoke him like this?
Hearing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's words, Luo Zheng replied indifferently, "It's not that interesting. At least, I'll give you a chance."
"What do you mean, give me a chance?" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was slightly taken aback.
"I'll give you a chance to eliminate me," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
As soon as he said this, the others were also slightly taken aback.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was only a prodigy of Gods Without Thoughts, but with that strange sword in his hand, his strength was probably not inferior to a Daozi's!
Who was this young man in front of them?
His tone was so arrogant that he didn't even take Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao seriously?
"Very good. Then I'll have to thank you for giving me this chance!" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's eyes were filled with anger. He had been tricked by Luo Zheng in the Karma Hall, and he was very unwilling to accept it. Losing in the Karma Hall was a great insult to him, and he wanted to settle this score with Luo Zheng.
Because of this dispute, a few of them quickly noticed Luo Zheng …
Not far away, there was a woman dressed in purple. Her skin was as white as snow, and she was slim and elegant. She was Ji Luoxue, who had once lost to Luo Zheng.
When she saw Luo Zheng, snowflakes fluttered in the air, and she also slowly walked over. Her gaze focused on Luo Zheng, and she said calmly, "We meet again."
After entering the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield, Ji Luoxue took this opportunity to merge her two bodies. At this moment, Ji Luoxue was in her true, complete form, and her aura had changed slightly.
"Who is she?"
At this moment, Xi Youqin saw that Ji Luoxue's appearance was extraordinary, but she was hugging Luo Zheng's right arm. She frowned slightly and stared at Ji Luoxue.
Noticing Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng's intimate actions, Ji Luoxue's eyes revealed a trace of astonishment. Judging from Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng's intimate actions, they should be a couple who knew each other. However, Ji Luoxue knew nothing about their backgrounds. Which clan were they from?
Before Luo Zheng could speak, another voice sounded from the side. "Brother Luo Zheng!"
The person who came was carrying a sword on his back. His face was full of heroic spirit, and his eyes were sharp. It was Hua Tianming, who had already stepped into the Divine Ocean Realm.
"Brother Tianming!"
A long-lost smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
To be able to meet Xi Youqin and Hua Tianming at the same time here, Luo Zheng was indeed extremely surprised.
Meeting old friends, of course he was happy …
But it was also because everyone heard Hua Tianming call out "Brother Luo Zheng" that they suddenly understood.
So this person was Luo Zheng!
At this moment, not only was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao surprised, even Ji Luoxue, who had fought fiercely with Luo Zheng before, had a strange glint in her eyes.
Ever since she entered the Illusory Battlefield, she had only tasted defeat once, and it was at the hands of this person in front of her.
However, she had never imagined that this guy was actually Luo Zheng, who often told stories …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1312
In the second stage, the Dream Points that everyone collected would no longer determine the ranking of the Dream Battlefield.
Now, it was a process of elimination. As long as the statue was destroyed, it would be eliminated.
Therefore, every martial artist would invest all their Dream Points into the statue before the end of the time period to strengthen it.
100,000 Dream Points could only strengthen one's statue once, and the degree of strengthening wasn't obvious.
They knew that they would have to rely on themselves for the next battle. It was obviously impossible to rely on the statue to fight.
Therefore, most of the martial artists would use their Dream Points to strengthen the defense. This was also the safest method. After all, the martial artists who entered the top 2,500 would have absolute confidence in their strength.
As for the statue that was made of an unknown stone? As long as it didn't shatter and cause him to be eliminated …
There was originally a purple star on the chest of the statue.
When they strengthened it 100 times, which meant that they consumed 50 million Dream Points, another purple star would appear on their chest!
Most of the martial artists had more than 5,000 Dream Points. Only the martial artists who were ranked outside the top 2,000 would have slightly lower Dream Points. Therefore, when everyone used up the Dream Points that they had accumulated for a long time, a purple mark would appear, and a second purple star would appear.
During the strengthening process, a martial artist in heavy armor brought his statue to the second stage.
This warrior had a square face, and his equipment was very exaggerated. In his left hand was a giant shield that was as tall as a person, and in his right hand was a silver heavy sword. His eyes were bright and threatening, and his expression was incomparably serious. The statue behind him also held a giant shield and heavy sword in its hands.
Luo Zheng was methodically strengthening his statue. When he saw a flash of white light in the corner of his eye, he glanced at it indifferently, and his eyebrows twitched imperceptibly.
This person was ranked seventh in the pyramid!
Because of his heavy equipment, Luo Zheng had a deep impression of him. However, he didn't know which force this guy came from.
As soon as this person appeared, everyone whispered to each other.
"Jiang Zhengyi of the Sky Immortal Clan …"
"I heard that he is a psychopath …"
"Don't underestimate this person. He is the Dao Child of the Sky Immortal Clan!"
When these discussions fell into Luo Zheng's ears, his heart skipped a beat.
So this is the Dao Child?
Now, Luo Zheng already knew that the Dao Child was a martial artist who had fully opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. However, this person looked strange. Which Divine Path did he cultivate?
"Justice No. 2! Await orders here! "
Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and pointed to a position. His statue stood there according to his order. At the same time, it also knelt on one knee and kowtowed to him.
Luo Zheng was dumbfounded by this scene.
He had already said that this statue was his avatar, and yet he was controlling an avatar to kneel before him. Could this person really be crazy? How could a psychopath become a Dao Child?
After Jiang Zhengyi issued the order, he began to use his consciousness to browse the bamboo slips like the others …
After making a decision, he actually began to choose to strengthen his strength and exchanged all his Fantasy Points for the strength bamboo slips!
Rays of red light surrounded his statue! Every time the red light flickered, it meant that the statue was strengthened. From the looks of it, he was probably preparing to strengthen his strength!
Everyone looked at the Sky Immortal Dao Child as if they were looking at an idiot.
This statue was as fragile as mud. It would shatter with a light touch. What was the use of purely strengthening his strength?
If he used the statue to punch it, it would probably be smashed to pieces. Did Jiang Zhengyi not plan to pass the second stage?
A martial artist sneered and said, "I've always heard that the Sky Immortal Jiang Zhengyi is a strange fellow. Today, I've seen it for myself. He's no different from an idiot."
Jiang Zhengyi seemed to be concentrating on his statue. After hearing this, he suddenly turned his head and said to the martial artist, "It's extremely immoral to talk about others behind their backs!"
After saying that, Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and aimed it at the martial artist. The bright sword body reflected the martial artist's face. Jiang Zhengyi continued to say, "I'll remember your face. I can't punish you here, but if I meet you in the outside world, I won't let you go!"
When he said this, his expression was extremely serious. It didn't seem like he was joking. It was as if he had to do what he said.
Hearing this, the martial artist's face suddenly became a little ugly …
Even if Jiang Zhengyi was an idiot, he was still a Daoist of the Sky Immortal Clan. Rumor had it that this guy never joked and always did what he said.
After Jiang Zhengyi finished speaking, he no longer paid attention to the Martial Artist. He continued to invest Fantasy Points to enhance the power of his statue.
Soon after, a purple light flashed, and a second purple star appeared on his statue's chest. This meant that Jiang Zhengyi had invested more than 50 million Dream points, but he didn't stop there. He continued to strengthen the statue's power.
However, no one expected that not long after, the chest of Jiang Zhengyi's statue flashed with purple light again.
A third purple star appeared!
"How can there be a third purple star?"
"I'm afraid that Jiang Zhengyi has more than 100 million Dream Points! That's why a third purple star appeared! "
"So many Dream Points are wasted on strengthening the statue. It's such a waste …"
No one knew how to quantify the statue's strength, so they could only make a rough estimate.
However, they could guess that the purple star on the statue represented the statue's degree of strengthening …
Seeing this scene, everyone sighed inwardly. This guy has so many Dream Points, but he wants to waste them on strengthening the statue!
It should be known that there were only two ways to strengthen the statue. One was to strengthen the statue's defense indefinitely, and the other was to strengthen it evenly like Luo Zheng. What was the use of strengthening the statue?
However, no one reminded Jiang Zhengyi. Even if they did, he wouldn't listen.
After Luo Zheng strengthened the speed jade slip, he started to strengthen the power and defense jade slips.
However, at this moment, a strange scene happened …
He hadn't strengthened it for long when a purple light flashed on his statue's chest, and the second purple star appeared!
According to their speculation, the second five-star needed 50 million Dream Points to appear, but Luo Zheng had spent less than 8 million Dream Points. How could there be another purple star?
At this moment, no one paid attention to Jiang Zhengyi.
Although they knew that Jiang Zhengyi's rank was very high in the entire Dream Battlefield, they didn't know how many Dream Points he had accumulated. Now, they could use this point to make a rough calculation!
As Jiang Zhengyi was still strengthening, everyone held their breath and stared at the scene in front of them.
Not long after, the fourth purple star appeared!
In other words, Jiang Zhengyi had at least 200 million Dream Points …
The warriors who had entered the top 2,500 were somewhat arrogant. Since they had climbed to the top 2,500, they thought that the gap between them and the experts in front of them wasn't that big!
However, Jiang Zhengyi had more than 200 million Dream Points, but he was only ranked seventh?
How many Dream Points did the sixth place plunder?
What about the fifth place?
Fourth, third, second …
At this moment, they all sucked in a breath of cold air, finally realizing how big the gap between them and the Daoist geniuses in front of them was!
Luo Zheng's attention was also attracted by the commotion.
"This guy really has 200 million Dream Points?" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly.
No wonder …
Luo Zheng had plundered nearly 100 million Dream Points in that big world, but he still couldn't surpass the first place. It seemed that the first place had a lot of Dream Points.
These guys were really abnormal. The higher the rank, the bigger the gap between the warriors …
After a long time, Jiang Zhengyi finally stopped strengthening the statue. According to the time when he stopped strengthening, everyone guessed that he had between 230 million and 240 million Dream Points. He definitely hadn't reached 250 million. Otherwise, he would have strengthened the fifth purple star.
As for Luo Zheng, he also accelerated his strengthening speed …
He was still doubtful. The second purple star had appeared on his statue very early. At first, he thought that it was because he had distributed it better, so the statue's strength would be affected more.

Chapter 1313
The mysterious girl's gaze pierced through the layers of clouds and the purple light. She stared at Luo Zheng in a daze, and her eyebrows slightly furrowed.
"Luo Zheng is a person without a destiny?"
The Fateless in this universe were extremely rare, and their experiences were often very rough.
Others didn't know how the Fateless came to be, but she was very clear about it.
When a living being was born, their destiny was fixed. No living being in this universe could jump out of this hole …
To become a person without a destiny, either he didn't come from the Heavenly Dao, or he had the Heart Stone, and experienced the cycle of life and death to erase his destiny.
But what was his purpose?
Thinking of the Luo Yan that Luo Zheng asked her to find, she fell into deep thought.
Hearing the mysterious girl's words, Luo Zheng also had some doubts.
The number of the Dayan was fifty …
It seemed to coincide with the number of fifty in the Illusory Battlefield.
If two were taken, there would be a fixed number and a variable number!
Why was there such a division of destiny? What were the variables?
At present, there were two hundred people with fixed destiny, and ninety-nine people with variable names …
People like Xi Youqin and Hua Tianming were variables, and Xuanyuan Chenfeng was fixed destiny. Obviously, this division wasn't based on strength.
"Since I'm a Fateless, I can't even be counted as a variable?"
This matter of destiny was too vague. Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out at the moment, so he stopped thinking.
Maybe there was an invisible hand in this universe that was arranging something, or maybe there was an invisible figure behind him that was arranging something.
However, Luo Zheng would only act according to his heart.
If this destiny was his, he would follow it.
If this destiny was against him, he would break it!
…
…
At this moment.
At the top of the Illusory Battlefield of all the big clans in the universe, the pyramid formed by the names began to dissipate …
The light on the stars in the sky also retracted from the top of each big world.
Except for the three hundred people, all the other Divine Sea Realm warriors returned from the Illusory Battlefield …
Ning Yudie stared at the collapsing pyramid with a strange light flashing in her eyes.
"Has the Illusory Battlefield ended?" Ning Yudie asked.
Ninth Palace Master smiled and shook her head. "The most important thing in this Illusory Battlefield is the fight for the top position. This is just the beginning. However … soon, you will not only see the names."
"I can see Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie's eyes flashed.
The Ninth Palace Master nodded slightly. "According to the usual practice, this should be the case. However, I don't know if Luo Zheng has been eliminated. The second stage of the Illusory Battlefield is very harsh. It is a competition between many heaven's prides. It is already very good for Luo Zheng to enter the top two thousand five hundred.
In the second round, the two thousand five hundred martial artists had to go through rounds of elimination.
However, ever since they entered the Blood Red Castle, the names of the first two thousand five hundred warriors were fixed at the front.
No one knew whether they had been eliminated or not.
And now, it was time to reveal it.
Just as he said that …
The Illusory Space in the hall began to flash with magnificent colors.
Those colors were like the most illusory energy. They began to flow and smear. At the top of the hall, a magnificent picture of a fairyland appeared.
Immortal mountains, clouds, and pavilions …
There was also a figure with Ying Ying's pupils standing at the top of the clouds.
This kind of evolution was slowly displayed in all the Illusory Spaces in the universe …
The Illusory Space was similar to the Roaring Command. The Roaring Command used the law of causality to send sound to the entire universe, while the Illusory Space used the law of causality to create a projection.
This was not a product of the universe. It was a kind of grace that the mysterious girl had given to all the living beings in the universe. She had released a privilege, which was why it was so easy for the Holy Lands to build these Illusory Spaces.
At this moment, the entire universe could see the scene inside through the reverse projection of the Illusory Space!
Those figures became clearer and clearer. Ning Yudie's eyes became more and more serious.
Not only her, but all the martial artists in the universe who were watching the Illusory Battlefield looked very serious at this moment …
"I see him."
Ning Yudie's eyes suddenly flashed. Her gaze was firmly fixed on Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Ning Yudie was also very excited.
Since ascending, she had maintained the reverence of an ascender for the entire Upper Realm.
In the Great Thousand World where she came from, Divine Sea Realm martial artists were rare. However, there were trillions of them in this universe. There were geniuses everywhere. Even a tenth-rank Holy Land could not control a large world. However, there were more than 100,000 of such worlds …
There were greater opportunities here, but also greater challenges.
She had overestimated her husband. It was not easy for him to enter this tenth-rank Holy Land.
She never thought that he would stand at the peak in just a few years …
The person she looked up to was her pride!
Her eyes gradually became blurred. However, all of a sudden, her eyebrows rose. Her eyes revealed a strong sense of depression.
There was a woman snuggling up to Luo Zheng with a happy face. This woman was Xi Youqin.
"Luo Zheng, is he among them?" Ninth Palace Master did not know Luo Zheng, so he could only ask her.
Ning Yudie lowered her eyes and said with an unnatural expression, "He is …"
"You really live up to expectations! Congratulations, "Ninth Palace Master said with a smile, but when he saw Ning Yudie's expression, he couldn't help but mutter to himself. This time, this woman should be happy to see Luo Zheng, so why was her expression so ugly? So Ninth Palace Master asked again, "I wonder which one of them is Luo Zheng?"
Ning Yudie said faintly, "The thirteenth one from the right."
Ninth Palace Master looked over. His eyes narrowed, and a strange look appeared on his face. He was also a smart person.
The thirteenth one from the right was a handsome young man, and beside this young man was a beautiful woman … No wonder Ning Yudie's expression was so ugly.
Everyone had a gossipy heart.
Ninth Palace Master was also curious. This Luo Zheng was an expert in flirting. The woman beside him must also be someone with extraordinary strength. In this short period of time in the Illusory Battlefield, he could stick to this woman like glue. He was really amazing …
In fact, it was not only Ninth Palace Master.
Now, the whole world could see the scene of Xi Youqin showing off her love!
Those who knew Luo Zheng admired him in their hearts. No matter who that woman was, she was at least a genius from a big force. This Luo Zheng was really amazing. How many days had it been in the Illusory Battlefield? His actions were too fast!
Those who did not know him naturally admired him. They also secretly guessed the identity of Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin. Could it be that these two people were a pair of Taoist companions who had entered the top 300 at the same time?
"Sisters, look! That should be Luo Zheng! "
"Youqin has good taste! That guy is quite handsome! "
"Of course. Although there is no such thing as a genius in our Extreme Purple Realm, Youqin is now a genius of our Extreme Purple Realm. How can the person she likes be weaker than her?"
"…"
Because of the special nature of the Extreme Purple Realm, they couldn't build a dreamy space. Many warriors in the Uncertain Tower had to cross the Extreme Purple Realm to see this scene. They had to cross the Extreme Purple Realm to go to another big realm and use other people's territory to see it.
Ninth Palace Master was curious and could not help but ask, "Do you know the woman beside Luo Zheng?"
"Xi Youqin," Ning Yudie replied coldly.
Although Ning Yudie already knew that Xi Youqin was ranked at the top, how could she be happy when she saw this scene with her own eyes?
"Oh? You know this woman? Where is she from … "Ninth Palace Master asked again. It was fine if she did not ask, but the more she asked, the more curious she became.
"She is from the same Great Thousand World as me," Ning Yudie replied again.
"What!"
Ninth Palace Master was shocked at this moment.
Among the final 300 people selected from the Illusory Battlefield, two of them were from the same Great Thousand World?
This kind of coincidence made her unable to wrap her head around it.
One had to know that only four people had entered the Illusory Battlefield among the 3,000 great realms of the Human Dao Alliance, and Luo Zheng was one of them …
How could someone from the Lower Realms obtain two quotas? This was simply too inconceivable.
"You're saying that Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin are both from the same Great Thousand World that you ascended to?" Ninth Palace Master confirmed again.

Chapter 1314
Hua Tianming went out to train and encountered a fortuitous encounter and ascended.
However, he did not leave the Cloud Hall and was still considered a member of the Cloud Hall …
It was not inappropriate to regard him as Ning Yudie's disciple. This was the truth.
However, when the Ninth Palace Master of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground heard Ning Yudie's words, he was stunned.
He stared blankly at Ning Yudie. Judging from her expression, it did not seem like she was spouting nonsense …
However, among these three hundred people, three of them came from the same Greater World? This was too inconceivable!
Although Ning Yudie realized that these three hundred people were extraordinary, she was not from the Upper Realm. She only knew that these three hundred people were the most outstanding people in the Divine Ocean Realm.
However, she did not understand the significance of these three hundred prodigies to the various clans. She did not know what kind of brilliant future they would have, and she did not know how much effort and resources a large force would need to cultivate a prodigy!
However, the Ninth Palace Master was very clear.
A tenth-grade Sacred Ground like the Jade Pure Sacred Ground was not qualified to cultivate a prodigy!
Seeing the Ninth Palace Master looking at her as if she was a monster, Ning Yudie said straightforwardly, "Speaking of which, Luo Zheng is also a member of the Cloud Hall. He's also considered my disciple."
"…"
The Ninth Palace Master was stunned for a while before he asked, "May I ask what rank Sacred Ground this Cloud Hall is?"
In the Ninth Palace Master's impression, there was no Sacred Ground above Rank Eight in the Lower Realm, right?
"It's considered a Rank Six Sacred Ground," Ning Yudie answered truthfully.
With the current status of the Cloud Hall in the Central Domain, it was already considered a Rank Six Sacred Ground …
"Rank Six Sacred Ground …"
The Ninth Palace Mistress muttered to herself. In the Upper Realm, a Rank Six Holy Land was a force that could not even be mentioned in public. For example, the Jade Pure Holy Land had countless small Holy Lands under it, but they were all Rank Eight, Rank Nine …
A Rank Six Sacred Ground was not even qualified to be a subordinate Sacred Ground of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground!
If someone like the Ninth Palace Master personally visited a Rank Six Sacred Ground, the Lord of the Rank Six Sacred Ground would probably kneel to welcome him.
But in such a sixth-grade Holy Land, there were actually two martial artists that stood in the top 300 rankings of the Illusory Battlefield!
Ninth Palace Master's head was also buzzing. She didn't know how to rely on such a bizarre matter.
Ning Yudie ignored Ninth Palace Master and continued to stare at the illusory realm outlined above the Illusory Space. At this moment, she recalled Xi Youqin's mysterious appearance at that time, and then she escaped into the Extreme Purple Realm. Presumably, it was for today …
…
All the forces in the universe were paying close attention to the picture scroll above the Illusory Space. Naturally, there were all kinds of discussions.
"With Xuanyuan Chenfeng entering the competition, our Xuanyuan Clan will definitely be number one!"
"Wang Luoxue will be able to step into the Divine Dao with this battle! Become a Daoist … "
"The God of Barbarians will be born among us demons …"
"…"
Many warriors in Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace craned their necks to look at the warriors in the picture scroll …
"Luo Zheng has indeed passed the second stage and is ranked among them." Xiao Daolai, the former Palace Lord of Misty Cloud Palace, shook his head and smiled.
"Master …" Standing beside Xiao Daolai was his beloved disciple, Ai Anxin.
Ai Anxin had actually also passed the first stage, but she was eliminated in the second stage.
She and Luo Zheng didn't belong to the same scarlet castle. Instead, she was in the same castle as Xi Youqin. However, before Luo Zheng moved over, she had already been eliminated, so she didn't meet Luo Zheng.
"I'm already very satisfied that Anxin can enter the second stage," Xiao Daolai said with a smile. He naturally knew that his beloved disciple had done her best.
As her master, he was very clear about the cruelty of the Illusory Battlefield. Even the prides of those great forces had also been eliminated. How could he ask Ai Anxin not to enter the top 300?
"Who is the girl beside Luo Zheng?" someone beside him asked.
Yun Luo, who was standing in the center, stared at Xi Youqin. This girl was very unfamiliar to her.
Her doppelgangers in the Vast Thousand World were in the Eastern Region and the Sea God Continent. She had never seen Xi Youqin before …
"This girl seems to be using the sword formation of the Extreme Purple Realm." Ai Anxin had some impression of Xi Youqin. The sword formation of the Extreme Purple Realm was very special, and she had recognized it at that time.
"A pride from the Extreme Purple Realm? Luo Zheng is really good at seducing girls! They're like glue in such a short time, haha … "someone beside her laughed.
"But I don't think it's the first time she's met Luo Zheng …"
…
Luo Zheng stood where he was, waiting quietly with the other warriors.
After ascending from the purple light, everyone had escaped into a fairyland shrouded in clouds and mist.
After being baptized by the countless Rules of Heaven in the purple light, everyone had a new kind of understanding in their hearts.
The imprints left by the swimming fish in their bodies allowed them to construct the rudiments of the Rules of their own Inner Worlds.
While waiting, everyone focused on comprehending the Divine Scripture …
"The reward for the top ten in this round of the Illusory Battlefield is ten God Spark Disks. When the time comes, I will personally place them in your dantian …"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The mysterious girl's voice suddenly sounded.
Ten gray discs slowly floated in the sky.
The three hundred warriors below looked up, and many of their eyes shone brightly!
Of course, there were also many people who didn't know what they were …
For example, Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin, Hua Tianming, and others.
"Luo Zheng, what are God Spark Disks?" Xi Youqin looked up and asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head and stared at the ten disks in the sky, a puzzled look on his face.
In the Emperor's Corridor, Luo Zheng knew that to become a True God, one had to have their own Godhead …
But he didn't know what these God Spark Disks were.
"Hey, you don't even know this?" A warrior next to him looked disdainful. "An Inner World can't contain a Godhead! These God Spark Disks are used to contain the Godhead. Only by putting them into your Inner World can you contain them when you have your own Godhead in the future! "
"Then, where do the Godheads come from?" Xi Youqin asked again.
"This …" That warrior couldn't answer this question. There were very few True Gods in the universe. The warriors in this group were either Heaven's Chosen or Dao's Chosen. Although the chances of them becoming True Gods weren't small, they were still Divine Sea Realm warriors. There was still a long way to go before they could become True Gods. They had only heard about these secrets from rumors. How could he answer Xi Youqin?
"You are the favored children of this round of evolution. The Heavenly Dao will naturally give you the greatest opportunity. Even if you are unable to compete for the top ten, you will still be strengthened. The basis for the strengthening will be the strengthening of the statues in the second stage …"
Hearing the mysterious girl's voice, everyone's faces were filled with surprise and joy.
In the second stage, they had invested all their Fantasy Points into the statue and strengthened it greatly.
Whether it was strength, soul strength, or some kind of law strengthening …
And these investments would be returned to them?
These people had invested tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Fantasy Points. The degree of strengthening could be said to be huge!
This reward was something no one had expected.
Luo Zheng was also slightly taken aback when he heard this.
Compared to the other warriors, he didn't invest many Fantasy Points, but he knew that his statue was probably much stronger than the others! It could be said that it was comparable to his statue. And these strengthening would be returned to him?
"As for the top three among you, there will naturally be other rewards. At the same time, I have to warn you that while you receive the rewards, you will also bear an even heavier fate …"
Hu hu hu …
After she finished speaking, a huge square chessboard appeared in front of them. This chessboard was a hundred thousand feet long.
At the same time …
A pink figure quietly appeared in the center of the chessboard.
That figure's face couldn't be seen clearly, but when she spoke, everyone knew that she was the host of this Illusory Battlefield …
Luo Zheng also deliberately looked at this illusory figure a few times, trying to recognize the appearance of this mysterious girl, but he did not know what method she had used. At a casual glance, this illusory figure was a graceful woman, but if one looked carefully, it was like a dream, like a shadow, and there was no way to distinguish it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1315
The pink figure gently floated down like a fairy in an illusion world.
Just like Luo Zheng, the entire universe knew of the existence of this mysterious girl.
However, they knew nothing about her origin, purpose, or where she existed …
Like Luo Zheng, the other cultivators also wanted to distinguish her appearance, but at a glance, they couldn't see her true appearance.
When the pink figure floated to the edge of the chessboard and stood in front of everyone, she reached out and waved her hand gently. Black and white circular chess pieces appeared around her.
These chess pieces were about ten feet wide. After floating in the air, they floated towards everyone.
"Geniuses, please step onto the chess pieces …"
After the pink figure opened her mouth, her cold voice sounded again.
But when everyone heard it, they found that this voice didn't come from here, but from the sky …
Presumably, this pink figure wasn't her real body. What everyone saw was just an illusion.
However, she was the host of this Illusory Battlefield. As soon as her voice fell, the three hundred people stepped onto the chess pieces together.
Even if Xi Youqin didn't want to be separated from Luo Zheng, she had no choice at this moment.
The sharp-eyed people noticed at this moment …
Previously, in the purple light pillar, everyone was divided into two sides. One was the fixed number, and the other was the variable.
At this moment, all the fixed number cultivators were standing on white chess pieces, and all the variable cultivators were standing on black chess pieces.
As for Luo Zheng, he wasn't divided at first, but at this moment, he was also standing on a black chess piece.
"Huhuhu …"
When everyone stepped onto the chess pieces, they instantly floated into the air under the control of the pink figure.
The cultivators standing on the black chess pieces were divided into one side, the white chess pieces were on the other side, and the pink figure floated in the middle.
For Luo Zheng and the other three hundred cultivators, this was the final stage of the Illusory Battlefield.
But for her, it was to predict the fate of this round of evolution amidst the variables and fixed numbers!
The great crisis that erupted in this round of evolution was a magnificent game of chess with the world as the chessboard and trillions of creatures as the chess pieces.
Even she had no idea where the danger would come from …
However, gathering the most outstanding prodigies in the future and playing a game of chess was a form of deduction in advance.
She wanted to see clearly whether the danger of this round of development came from the variable or from the fixed number …
At this moment, countless eyes in the universe were staring at the chessboard. From the 128 Empyreans to the ordinary martial artists, all of them were paying close attention …
There were even some cultivators who saw this as an excellent opportunity to set up a gambling house. They lined up the three hundred cultivators one by one and began to place their bets.
The pink figure stretched out her hand and casually grabbed!
A giant hand appeared from the endless clouds. It was a giant jade hand.
Although that hand was huge, everyone could tell that it was the hand of a young girl. Her fingers were delicate and fair, slender and straight like scallions.
The index finger of this hand pressed towards a white stone, and the nail of the middle finger clasped the bottom of the white stone!
The person standing on the white chess piece was a sky-pride from the Shaye Clan!
When he saw the huge index finger pressing down on him, he was shocked. However, when the index finger pressed down on him, it penetrated his body and pressed down on the chess piece.
After the giant jade hand clasped the white stone, it pressed down on the huge chessboard!
Smack!
With a crisp sound, the chess piece was placed!
The Shaye Clan cultivator was still standing steadily on the white stone …
He also understood that his opponent would be a martial artist among the Black Chess pieces!
Soon, his guess was confirmed. When the giant jade hand retracted into the clouds, it reached out from the other side and clasped another black stone.
This time, the giant jade hand clasped the chess piece that Xi Youqin was on!
Xi Youqin was slightly taken aback …
She did not expect that the first black stone would be her.
Smack!
The black stone was placed and left the hand.
"The two of them can fight to determine victory and defeat, not life and death …" The mysterious girl's voice rang in everyone's ears again.
"I'll be the first one!"
Xi Youqin looked gloomy …
She did not like to fight with others. The number of times she had fought with others in the Illusory Battlefield this time was probably ten times more than the number of times she had fought in her entire life!
Xi Youqin had fought very hard in the previous two stages.
However, she had her own motive, which was to work hard to see Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng was by her side, part of her long-cherished wish had been fulfilled. It was meaningless for her to fight with others. Feeling gloomy, she turned around to look at Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng smiled at Xi Youqin. "You can do it, Youqin!"
Xi Youqin pursed her lips and nodded reluctantly …
She did not know that her master, Indefinite Old Man, was in a corner of the universe, watching her nervously with a group of senior sisters.
"Youqin doesn't seem to have any fighting spirit …"
"Sigh, her competitive spirit seems to be all about love. She has little interest in martial arts!"
"It's so unfair. God gave her such amazing talent but did not give her the heart to pursue martial arts …"
After some thought, Xi Youqin stepped down from the black chess piece. Although there was still some resistance in her heart, with a flick of her ten fingers, seven flying swords of different colors slowly floated out from her body, and the seven swords slowly spread out...
She stared at the Xaye Clan's warrior not far away and pursed her lips. "Okay, you can start now …"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng could not help but shake his head.
Xi Youqin did not improve at all. She had no fighting spirit at all. She was no different from her past self.
He really could not figure out how she had reached this stage in the Illusory Battlefield …
However, Luo Zheng did not know that in the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield, Xi Youqin was a completely different person than she was now!
At that time, in order to find Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin shuttled through one main city after another. Her aura was not strong to begin with, and she looked like a delicate human girl. Naturally, she was attacked countless times.
At that time, her mind was extremely steady, and her fighting spirit was overflowing. Anyone who stopped her from finding Luo Zheng would become her mortal enemy. Thus, she was like a God of Death, and the number of warriors she had killed was unknown.
However, at that moment, all she wanted was to stay by Luo Zheng's side. How could she have any fighting spirit?
Now that she was forced onto the chessboard, she had no choice but to make a move. It was like forcing a duck onto a perch …
As for the Xaye Clan warrior, when he saw that his first opponent was a delicate human girl who had no fighting spirit, a satisfied smile appeared on his face.
His Xaye Clan had been silent for too long. This ancient clan could only be considered a second-rate clan in the universe …
If he took first place in the Illusory Battlefield and received the Godhead Compass, he would become a Dao Child in the future and lead his clan to glory again.
Thinking of this, the Xaye Clan warrior lightly shook his shoulders.
Two thin totems rose from the back of his shoulders. Then, traces of ancient aura spread out from the totems.
The Xaye Clan was also an ancient clan. They worshipped their ancestors.
Every generation of the Xaye Clan was accumulating power for the next generation …
As the son of the 36330th Great Chieftain of the Xaye Clan, he could obtain great power from his ancestors!
"In the first battle, you only need to show 20% or 30% of your power."

Chapter 1316
In the sacred land of the Shaye Clan, a giant totem stood tall.
The dreamscape was built at the bottom of the giant totem. Naturally, the picture that was displayed in the dreamscape would appear in front of the totem.
At this moment, hundreds of thousands of members of the Shaye Clan were sitting quietly around the totem, looking at the huge picture in front of them.
The Shaye Clan was considered a second-rate clan in the universe. They had only produced one Heavenly Venerate and had never produced a True God. The entire Shaye Clan relied on this Heavenly Venerate to hold on and try to become a first-rate clan.
However, compared to the first-rate clans such as the humans, demons, and demons, the Shaye Clan was very weak.
Today, however, the most outstanding genius of their clan had reached the pinnacle of the Dreamscape War.
For the Shaye Clan who had been frustrated for a long time, this might be a chance for them to rise again. This genius was the most precious seed that would grow into a towering tree sooner or later. He would become the new protector of the Shaye Clan and the first True God of the Shaye Clan.
"Yodi, his first opponent is a human woman."
"Yodi's luck is not bad. He didn't meet those Daoists."
"This woman looks like she has no fighting spirit. Hehe, Yodi has met a pushover."
The hundreds of thousands of people discussed like buzzing bees. The entire area around the giant totem was in chaos.
Under the giant totem, the Shaye Clan's Chieftain raised a long spear in his hand and held it horizontally. It was a gesture to keep quiet.
Immediately, all the Shaye Clan members stopped talking. Then, the Chieftain roared, "Ancestors, bless the Shaye Clan."
"Ancestors, bless Yodi!"
"May the souls of the ancestors live on forever."
"Buzz …"
All the Shaye Clan members roared at the same time.
The giant totem was the Shaye Clan's ancestral totem. After the warriors of the Shaye Clan died, their physical bodies would be burned but their souls would live on forever.
They poured the souls of their ancestors into the ancestral totem. The ancestral totem could not protect the soul from destruction but with the infusion of countless ancestors' souls, the ancestral totem contained the will of each generation of ancestors.
"Buzz …"
At the same time, on the giant chessboard …
The two totems behind the Shaye prodigy named Yodi were also emitting a faint glow.
Holding the black spear, a faint smile appeared on Yodi's face. "Father, you're too nervous. I don't need to summon the power of my ancestors in the first battle!"
When the ancestral power was summoned, all the totems owned by the Shaye warriors would be able to transmit a powerful ancestral power!
However, the ancestral power was not directed at Youdi alone. It was directed at the warriors of the Shaye Clan!
It was only during times of war that the Shaye Tribe would summon the power of their ancestors. But now, they were summoning the power of their ancestors for the sake of Yodi. It was a huge waste because Yodi was the only one fighting. The power of their ancestors was meant for the entire Shaye Tribe. But even so, it was still a matter of great importance.
"Since that's the case, we must show our might in the first battle!"
You Di gently waved the black spear in his hand. Then he smiled apologetically at the delicate human girl opposite him, and his figure shot out!
The chessboard covered a vast area.
Just now, when the huge jade-like hand landed, the white piece landed on the "Heaven's Origin", and Youdi stood in the center.
Xi Youqin landed on one of the 'stars' and was still a few thousand feet away from Yodi.
However, Yodi's body suddenly moved and the distance between them was only a step away!
A slender afterimage dragged forward and suddenly disappeared at a certain point. When Youdi's figure reappeared, he was only ten feet away from Xi Youqin!
The black spear in Yodi's hand was ten feet long!
"Whoosh!"
The spear suddenly pierced forward!
However, in Xi Youqin's eyes, what she saw was a giant black python. The scales on the python's body shone with a black luster. It coiled and opened its bloody mouth to devour her!
The four sacred beasts worshipped by the ancestors of the Shaye Tribe were the Blackswamp Python, the Phantom Porcupine, the Mystical Eagle, and the Sleeping Antelope.
Outsiders did not know much about these four sacred beasts, but they were very important to the Shaye Tribe!
Xi Youqin was a little absent-minded to begin with …
Fighting with others was something she detested to begin with!
However, when she saw the giant python's mouth open 180 degrees and reveal its ghastly fangs, she could not help but panic. With a thought, seven flying swords circled in front of her!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The seven flying swords instantly formed a defensive sword array and blocked in front of Xi Youqin!
However, the most basic sword array could not stop Yodi's spear.
The spear and the spear were similar in appearance, but the biggest difference was that the spear had a hard shaft, while the spear had a slender body.
Looking at the slightly clumsy sword array, Yodi's face showed a slight smile. He thought that he would need to use thirty percent of his strength to defeat this girl, but he did not expect that he had overestimated her. He did not know how this human girl made it into the top three hundred. Her strength was probably not even on par with a core disciple of a tenth-grade Holy Land!
This battle was too easy …
The black spear in his hand shook slightly and turned into a black python that slithered left and right through the flaws in the sword formation. It instantly drilled through the sword formation and headed straight for Xi Youqin!
"Ah …"
Seeing that her sword array could not stop her opponent, Xi Youqin's face became even more panicked.
In a moment of desperation, a purple mist spread out from under her feet. She circulated the Purple Jade Cultivation Technique, and her speed increased by more than ten times as she retreated!
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the chess piece, looked at the scene in front of him with a speechless expression …
He only knew that Xi Youqin had made it into the second stage, but Luo Zheng had never seen her strength. However, when facing the Shaye Tribe member, she only knew how to run away. He did not understand how Xi Youqin obtained so many fantasy points!
Luo Zheng was not the only one who had this thought …
As the two fought, the 300 sky-prides on the chess piece, as well as the warriors in the entire universe who were watching the battle in the Illusory Space, were somewhat puzzled.
How did this woman get to this point?
The group of women from the Extreme Purple Realm was even more puzzled …
Xi Youqin came from the Extreme Purple Realm, and now she was representing the Extreme Purple Realm!
Although their junior sister usually had many shortcomings, her talent was unquestionable. With a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, even if she was only at the Divine Ocean Realm, she could unleash extremely powerful combat strength.
"What's wrong with Youqin …"
"Junior sister seems to have stage fright!"
"But if this continues, she will lose in three moves!"
Those women were also very anxious. In the end, they all looked at an old woman behind them. It was the Indefinite Tower Master.
Indefinite Tower Master saw this scene and shook her head slightly. However, she did not look anxious. Instead, she said indifferently, "It was a rush. Perhaps Youqin needs some time to adapt …"
"This woman's sword formation is not very good, but her speed of escape is top-notch!"
Youdi's spear easily broke Xi Youqin's sword formation, but Xi Youqin had already retreated thousands of feet away!
Seeing this, Youdi sneered. A brown halo was emitted from the totem behind him …
"Yo …"
Then, a loud and clear cry of an eagle rang out!
When he stimulated the power of his ancestors, he had the speed of an eagle …
He suddenly spread out his hands and transformed into an eagle. He circled in the air and once again approached Xi Youqin. The black spear approached again, and at the same time, he had a leisurely look on his face. "With such strength, I think it's better for you to admit defeat …"
Xi Youqin, who had retreated thousands of feet, looked at the eagle in the air that was swooping toward her. A faint trace of fierceness appeared in her calm eyes.
She was not mentally prepared before …
Her first goal in this Illusory Battlefield was to see Luo Zheng. Now that she had achieved her goal, she did not want to fight anyone else.
But now, no matter how she retreated, this person in front of her would eventually defeat or even kill her.
It was useless to keep retreating. Moreover, at this moment, she remembered her master's instructions. It did not matter whether she could get a ranking or not. She only hoped that she could do her best.
She could not be eliminated in the first round …

Chapter 1317
A murderous look suddenly appeared on Xi Youqin's elegant face!
The Little Purple River Sword Array …
Her master had told her that the Extreme Purple Realm was an independent entity and did not belong to the universe.
This was once the cultivation place of a True God, and it was also a world that he created himself. However, the Rules of Heaven Way could not be fully developed here, so the Extreme Purple Realm could only be regarded as a broken world. That was why the Roaring Token and the Dreamy Space, which contained the law of karma, could not be transmitted to the Extreme Purple Realm!
In the Extreme Purple Realm, there was a pass-through sword array inheritance called the Myriad Purple and Red Sword Array …
This Myriad Purple and Red Sword Array was indeed powerful, but any woman with an Extreme Purple Yin Body could cultivate it.
However, in addition to this pass-through sword array, there were three Ultimate Killing Sword Arrays in the Extreme Purple Realm!
One of them was the Little Purple River Sword Array, which could be cultivated by a third-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. There were 4,200 people in the Extreme Purple Realm who could cultivate this array.
The second one was the Yin and Yang Sword Array, which could be cultivated by a second-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. There were more than 80 people in the Extreme Purple Realm who could cultivate this sword array.
The third one was the God-slaying Sword Array, which was the legacy of that True God. So far, only Xi Youqin was qualified to inherit this legacy. In the entire Extreme Purple Realm, only Xi Youqin could cultivate it, and she was the only one who had successfully cultivated it!
Since Xi Youqin had entered the Dreamy Battlefield, she had never used these three extremely powerful sword arrays!
Previously, she had used the Myriad Purple and Red Sword Array to fight against the enemy …
Xi Youqin did not like to compete with others. Since she was young, she had been quite resistant to weapons. Although she was born in a martial arts family, she was interested in needlework, needlework, and cooking instead.
Just now, she was very ignorant and very passive.
However, after being forced to retreat by You Di, she understood that if she lost, she would be eliminated as well. Not only would her master be disappointed, but she would also not be able to accompany Luo Zheng here …
In fact, in this battle, even if she lost once, she would not be eliminated. It was just that Xi Youqin did not know that.
When the purple river spread out, the eyes of the many Heavenly Legends on the chess pieces suddenly lit up …
"That's more like it …" One of the sky-pride sitting on the chess piece commented as he looked at the purple river.
Previously, Xi Youqin had been running away without any intention to fight. These three hundred people were all people with great backgrounds. With the strength that Xi Youqin had displayed, she was not worthy to stand with them!
However, they did not know that Xi Youqin did not want to stand with them at all.
When the Small Purple River Sword Formation was activated, the seven flying swords entered the purple river.
As Xi Youqin made a mysterious hand gesture, the rolling purple river came pouring down from the sky. The purple river flowed straight down and formed a magnificent waterfall. However, the waterfall was not formed by water, but by purple sword shadows!
Under Xi Youqin's guidance, the purple swords appeared in front of her. With a flick of her fingers, all the purple swords went straight for Youdi!
Eudy had intended to end the battle as soon as possible.
Challenging such a weak human girl gave him almost no sense of accomplishment at all.
However, in the face of the sudden appearance of the purple river, his eyes widened as a sense of danger filled his heart!
Under such extreme circumstances, he did not hesitate at all. With a light wave of the black spear in his hand, the two totems behind him suddenly flew out and hovered slowly in the air!
"In the name of my ancestors, bless me!"
Suddenly, countless light spots floated out of the two totems in the air!
These light spots were the souls of the countless ancestors of the Shaye Clan. These souls were the accumulation of the Shaye Clan for generations.
When the light spots floated out, Eudy's figure also glowed with a sharp light. With the black spear in hand and the blessing of the ancestors, Eudy's aura underwent a subtle change!
At this moment, Eudy was no longer Eudy. He was the amalgamation of the countless ancestors of the Shaye Clan!
At this moment, Eudy's physical body and strength had been strengthened to the extreme. He could even fight against a Demon Race martial artist!
"It's just a sword formation. I can break it!"
Eudy took a step forward and did not dodge. Instead, he charged toward the Little Purple River Sword Formation!
The river formed by the purple swords created wave after wave that surged toward Eudy.
Eudy was like a rock in the river, but he was not afraid at all. Although the purple swords were sharp, they instantly shattered when they collided with him …
With this charge, Eudy once again advanced toward Xi Youqin!
"Eudy's ancestor power can already sense the Heavenly Soul ancestor!"
"Before he entered the Illusory Battlefield, it was difficult for him to do so. I didn't expect that the training in the Illusory Battlefield would allow him to advance further!"
"That human girl's sword formation is indeed profound, but it's still far from our Eudy's. Haha …"
However …
A strange expression appeared on Xi Youqin's face.
"Master told me before that the Little Purple River Sword Formation cannot be broken with brute force …"
"The Little Purple River Sword Formation is not a transformational sword formation. Ordinary sword formations usually have 27 transformations, 81 transformations, and even more than 1,000 transformations. However, the Little Purple River Sword Formation only has three transformations. It's precisely because it lacks transformations that it has no loopholes."
"This guy is charging at me just like that …"
Xi Youqin pursed her lips. With a thought, she suddenly waved her finger!
Change the formation …
The Little Purple River Sword Formation had three transformations.
The first was the "Formation Charge," which used the purple swords to charge forward.
This was the first move of the sword formation. Apart from the Little Purple River Sword Formation's power, the Formation Charge was nothing special.
However, when the second transformation began, its murderous intent immediately became apparent!
"Spiral Trap!"
Buzz buzz buzz …
The purple river that had been surging forward suddenly changed direction!
The purple river formed a whirlpool that kept spinning around Eudy!
When Xi Youqin changed the formation, Eudy instantly had a bad feeling!
With the support of his ancestor's power, his state of mind had undergone a drastic change. At this moment, he should have been invincible. However, the purple river had turned into a whirlpool and trapped him firmly within.
"I don't believe that I can't break this sword formation!"
Eudy roared again. The two totems floating in the air spun faster and faster, and the light on his body grew brighter and brighter!
However, after being trapped in the purple river, Eudy realized that the sword formation could be both hard and soft. He couldn't break free at all and was easily trapped by Xi Youqin.
Seeing this, many prodigies looked at Xi Youqin and her sword formation with a faint trace of fear in their eyes.
In their eyes, Eudy from the Shaye Clan was a prodigy, but he definitely wasn't a very powerful one …
However, Xi Youqin had easily trapped him within her sword formation. The power of the sword formation itself was not to be underestimated.
Xi Youqin stood outside the sword formation and said softly to Eudy, "You … can admit defeat now."
It wasn't difficult for Xi Youqin to defeat this person in front of her, but she didn't look happy at all. It was meaningless to her.
"I haven't lost!"
However, this was an unacceptable result for Eudy.
Due to their worship of their ancestors, the warriors of the Shaye Clan valued their honor very much!
After all, in their hearts, their ancestors would always be by their side …
Xi Youqin blinked and formed another mysterious sword technique with her fingers. She said helplessly, "Then let's change the formation again …"
When the Little Purple River Sword Formation changed for the third time, a piercing murderous intent erupted from the purple river!
The seven flying swords suddenly appeared and transformed into a giant sword shadow that slashed toward Eudy's head …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1318
Xi Youqin did not hesitate anymore.
Xi Youqin was very familiar with the Little Purple River Sword Formation.
After the third change, she used seven flying swords to attack together. It was called the Seven Stars Sinking.
Four years ago, her master had told her that the power of the Seven Stars Sinking was enough to fight against the prodigies of the major clans.
"Master, what's a prodigy?"
"It's a martial artist from one of the major clans."
"Is he more powerful than Luo Zheng?"
"…"
Her master rolled his eyes and did not say anything.
According to the Demi-Immortal Tribe's estimation of Luo Zheng's talent, he was qualified to be a prodigy. However, his actual strength could only be determined through a battle.
Four years ago, Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation was enough to fight against a prodigy. Now, she had even mastered the God-Slaying Sword Formation.
It was a pity that Xi Youqin was muddle-headed when it came to martial arts.
She did not even realize her own potential and strength.
However, Xi Youqin understood now.
She could either choose to avoid the battle or end it quickly.
Now, Xi Youqin felt that she could not avoid the battle. She could only choose to kill her opponent as quickly as possible.
Poor You Di from the Shaye Clan. He did not even have time to unleash his full strength before he was trapped and killed by Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation.
In fact, there was a huge gap between You Di and Xi Youqin's true strength.
Even if You Di used his most powerful technique, Ancestor's Sacrifice, he could only create a small obstacle for Xi Youqin.
The first battle between Xi Youqin and You Di was the opening battle. It was also the most eye-catching battle.
It was a pity that this battle was far from being exciting.
After all, Xi Youqin's clumsy way of avoiding the battle had surprised many people. Then, she suddenly became powerful and easily killed the prodigy from the Shaye Clan.
Even Luo Zheng couldn't understand what was going on. More people were confused.
Perhaps only Wuding Old Man could understand Xi Youqin's strange behavior and guess what Xi Youqin was thinking.
Of course, to the Shaye Tribe, this was like a bucket of cold water being poured over them from head to toe. How could they have known that the delicate human girl, who had been dodging everywhere at the beginning, would defeat Youdi so easily?
Under the giant totem, the countless clansmen were silent. Even the light of the ancestors on the giant totem had dimmed a little. In theory, the souls of the ancestors had turned into some kind of will, silently watching their descendants. They could also feel that the countless clansmen were in low spirits …
Soon, a white chess piece appeared in the sky, and Youdi, who was originally dead, appeared on the chess piece again.
Previously, the mysterious woman had announced the rules. At this stage, the opponents would not be directly eliminated. Instead, cultivators would be randomly selected to fight. You Di had a chance.
Xi Youqin did the same. Her figure disappeared from the black chess piece and returned to another black chess piece. She slowly controlled the black chess piece and moved it closer to Luo Zheng. Two chess pieces, one black and one white, landed on the chessboard …
"What a powerful technique! My Youqin already has such strength! " Luo Zheng praised when Xi Youqin came closer. With Luo Zheng's current vision, he could naturally see the sharpness of the Little Purple River Sword Array. He was even a little confused. How could such an inheritance exist in the small Extreme Purple Realm?
Xi Youqin was slightly taken aback when she heard Luo Zheng's words. However, a sweet smile appeared on her face.
Luo Zheng rarely acknowledged her in the past. She was happy enough to receive Luo Zheng's praise. She raised her nose slightly and showed a hint of pride on her face. "This is not my true strength!"
"Oh?" Luo Zheng was a little surprised. "Youqin's true strength is?"
She smiled coquettishly and said, "You'll find out soon enough!"
After the first two chess pieces were placed, the mysterious woman said indifferently, "The winner of the first round is Xi Youqin from the Extreme Purple Realm …"
As soon as she finished speaking, a jade-like hand reached out from the sky and grabbed a white chess piece and placed it on the chessboard. On the white chess piece was a demon prodigy. At the same time, a black chess piece was placed. It was a prodigy from the Human Alliance!
When Luo Zheng was at the Misty Cloud Palace, he had not seen this prodigy. This prodigy was the successor of Celestial Venerate Huan Hai. He did not cultivate in the Thirteen Palaces.
The second battle was far more exciting than the first battle.
Both prodigies unleashed their full strength. They fought back and forth, from a corner of the chessboard to the sky. With a single punch, cracks appeared on the chessboard of heaven and earth. However, those cracks repaired themselves in the blink of an eye …
In the end, the victor was the demon prodigy.
After these three hundred cultivators fought against each other, there were bound to be winners and losers between the races!
The cultivators from the three great factions of the human race were very calm. This was not enough to determine the final result.
However, the demon prodigy laughed maniacally after defeating the Human Alliance prodigy. "Mere humans call themselves the masters of the universe. They're nothing more than a collection of ants. There's nothing to fear!"
It was a publicly acknowledged fact that the human race was flourishing.
Whether it was the demon race or the demon race, no single race could stand up to the human race.
However, the three great factions of the human race were at odds with each other. If the three factions could set aside their prejudices and unite, the other races in the universe would have no room to grow at all.
No one knew what the demon prodigy was thinking by taunting them in such a manner.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, and the others looked indifferent. In their eyes, this heaven's pride of the Demon Clan was just a clown. However, they were not the only ones who saw this scene. Among the three Holy Lands of the Human Clan, there were nearly thirty to forty thousand tenth-grade Holy Lands, and all of them had Illusory Spaces. When the warriors of the Human Clan saw this scene, they were extremely indignant. At this moment, countless warriors were angrily demanding them to defeat the heaven's pride of the Demon Clan. However, their passionate voices could not reach the Illusory Battlefield.
However, in the third round, the demon prodigy was chosen again. He had actually fought twice in a row. No one knew what the mysterious woman's rules were. Coincidentally, the demon prodigy's opponent was also a human prodigy from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm!
In the end, the human prodigy from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was defeated by the demon prodigy …
After defeating the human prodigy twice in a row, the demon prodigy became even more arrogant. He taunted the human race again before returning to the chessboard.
At this moment, some of the human prodigies showed anger on their faces. They swore in their hearts that they would trample the demon prodigy under their feet.
Next was the fourth round, the fifth round …
In this round after round, the black and white chess pieces were placed down one by one, and the number of chess pieces left on the chessboard increased.
However, it was still not Luo Zheng's turn!
When it was the 22nd round, the huge jade-like hand picked the demon prodigy again and knocked him onto the chessboard.
This time, it was a coincidence that the hand picked a human prodigy again!
And the person who fought was Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
He was the legendary number one cultivator in the Divine Ocean Realm of the universe. He was the main character in this round of the Battle of the Worlds. He was the Daoist of the Xuanyuan Clan!
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng appeared, all the human prodigies in the Illusory Battlefield began to boil with excitement.
At the same time, the atmosphere on the demon race's side began to turn solemn.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's reputation was not limited to the human race.
As a Daoist, he could cultivate the Divine Path and had the possibility of becoming a True God!
There were only a few Daoists in the entire universe, and Xuanyuan Chenfeng was known as the most powerful one among them. One could imagine how much attention his appearance would attract!
After the black and white chess pieces were placed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng left the chessboard.
No emotion could be seen on his face. He just slowly walked towards the other side of the chessboard, neither too fast nor too slow.
As for the demon prodigy who kept provoking Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he seemed to understand how powerful Xuanyuan Chenfeng was. At this moment, his face was full of caution. As a prodigy of the demon race, perhaps he did not intend to defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but at least he could not lose too badly.
However, the demon prodigy did not expect that when he fought with Xuanyuan Chenfeng, there was no question of whether he would lose badly or not.

Chapter 1319
Facing the demon warrior, Xuanyuan Chenfeng only casually slapped out an ordinary handprint.
As soon as the handprint was slapped out, he turned around and left, not giving it a second look.
There were countless types of handprints in the universe, such as the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region's Demon Subduing Seal, Inaction Seal, Vajra Seal, and so on.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's handprint was the most ordinary. It was condensed from the True Essence in his body, and any warrior could condense it with True Essence.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was Xuanyuan Chenfeng after all!
Just this casual palm print contained the aura of the Great Dao!
When the demon warrior saw the handprint coming down on his head, he tried his best to dodge, but when he wanted to take a step forward, he found that he seemed to have fallen into a trance, unable to move or resist!
This was the power of Dao!
The 3,000 Divine Daos were the 3,000 Great Daos!
Every Dao formed its own system, and they were all different.
The Divine Dao that Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivated had always been a secret in the universe.
This was because the Xuanyuan clan was very unique. This clan was the leader of the four great clans of the Gods No Thought. The other three clans, such as the Ji Clan or the Ji Clan, often had their Dao Children cut off from generation to generation.
In other words, the other three great clans often only had geniuses and no Daoists.
However, the Daoists of the Xuanyuan clan had never been cut off! What was even more surprising was that every Daoist of the Xuanyuan clan seemed to walk a different Divine Dao.
Obtaining a Divine Dao was already an extremely amazing thing in the universe, just like the Ji Clan's Five Elements Divine Dao, or the Ji Clan's Supreme Dao of Alchemy, and so on …
Every time a Daoist of the Xuanyuan Clan was born, they cultivated a different Divine Dao. Many great forces in the universe had never been able to figure out the reason, and the Xuanyuan Clan had always regarded it as the clan's biggest secret, never revealing it to the outside world.
Originally, many people wanted to see what kind of Divine Dao Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivated through him …
However, when he slapped down, although there was the power of Great Dao, what he displayed was the simplest True Essence handprint, and it was impossible to distinguish.
"Pa …"
That giant handprint came crashing down from the sky, slapping the Devil Race martial artist within.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had already returned to his chess piece. It seemed as if he didn't care about the result at all. In fact, he was very confident. He was confident that as a heaven's pride, it was impossible for the demon race cultivator to avoid his handprint.
Instant killing a genius!
This was the strength of a Daoist, this was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength!
This scene directly stunned the demons!
Many demon warriors in the outside world, gathered in front of the Illusory space.
Seeing their sky-prides provoking the human race time and time again, but the human race could do nothing to them. Instead, they were defeated again and again. They were secretly pleased!
The Great Era's competition was the World Dao?
What they were fighting for was not only the position of the main character of the great world, but also the fate of a clan, the rise and fall of a clan!
If the geniuses of the Devil Race were to win in this Illusory Battlefield, they would be able to reverse the fate of the Heavenly Dao and lead the Devil Race to a golden age!
At the same time, they also regarded pride and glory as their own lives. How could they be willing to fall under others?
After being suppressed by the Human Clan for so many years, the entire Demon Clan was filled with a serious hostility. Once there was a chance to reverse the situation, they would definitely counterattack!
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's casual slap had completely stunned them.
That demon warrior, Nu Feng, was the third-ranked genius of the Demon Clan. In front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he was only worth a slap?
The gap was a little big …
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the black chess piece, also had a slight flicker in his eyes.
"This is the strength of a Daoist!"
It had to be said that even Luo Zheng was inferior!
If Luo Zheng used his full strength, he might be able to kill that demon warrior with a slap.
However, he definitely couldn't do it so easily. Looking at Xuanyuan Chenfeng's posture, the handprint that he had casually sent out was just a casual move!
However, Luo Zheng also knew that with pure strength, Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't defeat that demon warrior so easily. There might be a big gap between Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the other geniuses, but it wasn't to the extent of his Great Dao.
The key was the Great Dao aura contained in that handprint.
Only then did Luo Zheng focus his gaze on it. He also sensed an indescribable aura contained within it. However, he was unable to determine what kind of Divine Dao it was.
The next round of the competition began again …
The chess pieces fell down one by one again.
However, the discussions of the warriors in the outside world still fell on Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Many people even concluded that there was no need to continue the competition in the Illusory Battlefield. Xuanyuan Chenfeng would definitely get the first place!
What everyone didn't expect was that after three rounds, the demon warrior, Nu Feng, was arranged to fight again!
Among the three hundred warriors, most of them didn't fight at all!
For example, Luo Zheng, Ji Luoxue, Lie Qianhan, and the others didn't even have a chance to fight.
But this Demon Race prodigy called Nu Feng had already appeared three times!
No one knew how the mysterious girl arranged it. Perhaps there was a deeper meaning to it …
The demon warrior was suppressed by Xuanyuan Chenfeng's giant handprint. His heart was filled with fear, and at the same time, he saw it as a great humiliation!
He knew that he would definitely lose against Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but he never thought that he wouldn't be able to withstand one move from Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
The Demon Race cultivators viewed defeat as the greatest humiliation. At this moment, he was also somewhat anxious to wash away this humiliation.
This time, a jade-like hand in the sky pinned him down on the chessboard and actually pinned down another Human Race cultivator.
That person held a dark iron sword. She was the one who was killed by Luo Zheng once, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
"This time, my opponent is finally a little more normal!" Nu Feng's face flashed with a touch of coldness. He wasn't Xuanyuan Chenfeng's opponent, but he wasn't afraid of ordinary human warriors.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao hadn't been famous for a long time, and her current reputation was only spread in Gods No Thoughts. The other human forces, as well as many races in the universe, weren't familiar with her. Moreover, because she was tricked by Luo Zheng once, she lost five million fantasy points to enter the iron voucher. In addition to her own twelve million fantasy points, her previous ranking was relatively low.
Therefore, she didn't attract much attention.
However, only the people in Gods No Thoughts knew …
This guy, who was evaluated as a heaven's pride, definitely had the terrifying strength to fight with a Daoist!
A cold smile appeared on Nu Feng's face. He wanted to take back the humiliation he had suffered twice from this heaven's pride.
As the two chess pieces were closer to each other this time, Nu Feng waited until Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was placed on the chessboard to make the first move!
And the first move was his strongest move!
"Immeasurable Demonic Fire!"
The supreme artifact in his hand was a huge drum, and inside the drum was a heart, a powerful heart that had been beating for tens of thousands of years.
However, just as he displayed his strength, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao expressionlessly slashed out with her sword.
This sword was similar to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Giant Palm Print. They were both very simple, but both were unstoppable.
When the sky-pride of the Demon Race called Nu Feng saw the sword slashing towards him, he couldn't help but curse in his heart. What the f * ck was this?

Chapter 1320
Nu Feng couldn't describe the power of that sword.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's hand seal contained the power of the Great Dao. Because he was a Daoist, it was understandable that his Mahayana Lotus Flower had reached perfection.
Since this guy called Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was called a prodigy, his Mahayana Lotus Flower must not have reached perfection, and he must not have stepped into the Divine Dao!
That was the strange thing.
Even though he was just a genius, the power contained within this seemingly ordinary sword strike was enough to make him shudder in fear!
The power of the Great Dao was countless times more powerful than Xuanyuan Chenfeng's. They were not even on the same level.
If the Divine Dao that Xuanyuan Chenfeng comprehended was a small seed that had just sprouted, then the Divine Dao that was contained in this sword strike was a mature and towering tree!
Of course, this comparison had nothing to do with the power, but only with the degree of comprehension of the Divine Dao.
Nu Feng couldn't understand how a prodigy of the human race could do such an incredible thing.
Unfortunately, he didn't have the chance to solve his doubts.
That ordinary sword strike came, and he still had no room to dodge. As a line of blood slowly flowed out from his body, he was killed for the second time.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao only glanced at Nu Feng with disdain, then pulled out his sword, turned around, and returned to the chess piece …
"Nu Feng of the demon race, defeated!"
The various sacred lands of the demon race were already very quiet.
Many demon race martial artists, from Heavenly Venerables and World Lords to ordinary martial artists, were already in a bad mood.
At this moment, it was as if there was no one around.
However, for the human race, especially the sacred lands of Deities No Thought, they were all in an uproar!
"One move, another move!"
"I've said it before, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao is an anomaly. Although he's a prodigy, he has the strength to fight a Daoist because of his iron sword!"
"Hahaha, I'm afraid the demon race has lost face this time!"
It wasn't just the sacred lands of Deities No Thought who were happy …
Although the Human Alliance, Deities No Thought, and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region didn't get along well with each other, they were still the same race.
The Human Dao Alliance and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region cultivators naturally felt proud.
In the Jade Pure Sacred Ground, Ninth Palace Master chuckled and said, "Impressive. This time, Deities Thoughtless has sent out a few monsters! Our Human Alliance is going to be suppressed! "
The great worlds under the Human Alliance's control weren't that far off from the Thoughtless Gods, but their foundations were much weaker.
At the end of the day, the Human Dao Alliance was a major faction formed from countless human sacred lands.
On the other hand, Gods No Thought was a major faction led by the four great clans. Their foundations in the universe were far deeper than the Human Dao Alliance's!
"These people … are so strong," Ning Yudie commented. Although she couldn't understand Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword, it wasn't hard to understand the power that had erupted from it.
When Ninth Palace Master heard Ning Yudie's words, he assumed that Ning Yudie was worried about Luo Zheng. He advised, "Actually, it's already quite good that Luo Zheng is able to enter the top three hundred.
If he can't advance any further, his status and achievements will definitely not be low when he returns to the Human Dao Alliance … "
Ning Yudie paused, then understood what Ninth Palace Master meant. She smiled and said, "I'm not worried about Luo Zheng. I believe in his strength."
"Oh?" Seeing Ning Yudie's confidence in Luo Zheng, Ninth Palace Master's eyes flashed with a strange light.
Ninth Palace Master also believed in Luo Zheng's strength, but he had even more faith in the prodigies and Dao disciples of the various races. Although Luo Zheng's performance was decent, compared to the prodigies who'd been built up with countless resources,
There was still a gap between them and the Dao disciples.
Thinking of this, Ninth Palace Master asked, "What rank do you think Luo Zheng will get? Top fifty? Top ten? "
These three hundred people could all be called prodigies, but the top fifty were extremely powerful prodigies, while the top ten were either Dao disciples or existences like Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao who could rival Dao disciples.
Ning Yudie tilted her head and thought seriously, then said, "I think Luo Zheng should be able to get into the top three …"
"Huh?" Ninth Palace Master was stunned, then a strange smile appeared on his face. He couldn't help but say, "I know you believe in your husband's strength, but the top three …..
Hehe, hehe. "
Ninth Palace Master chuckled twice in a row, but Ning Yudie just rolled her eyebrows slightly. In her heart, she really wanted to 'chuckle' at Ninth Palace Master.
Ning Yudie had never lost confidence in Luo Zheng.
Previously, she had just ascended, so she didn't have much of an impact on Luo Zheng's current situation and status. However, that was because Luo Zheng had only ascended for a short period of time. A mere six years was really a blink of an eye for a cultivator who had a lifespan of tens of thousands of years. Moreover, Luo Zheng had only been a Life and Death Realm cultivator before his ascension. However, the speed of Luo Zheng's ascension had far exceeded Ning Yudie's expectations! Hair
Ning Yudie thought that as long as Luo Zheng had enough time, he would eventually be able to climb to the peak of the universe again!
However, in reality, Luo Zheng hadn't spent much time. It had only been six years!
Since Luo Zheng had participated in this Illusory Battlefield, he would undoubtedly face the super experts of the various major factions, prodigies, Dao disciples …..
However, according to the expectations that Luo Zheng had given them, he would definitely be able to rush into the top three!
At this moment, Ning Yudie naturally wouldn't refute Ninth Palace Master. She believed that it wouldn't be long before Ninth Palace Master would withdraw his opinion.
… …
… …
It was likely that no cultivator was more aggrieved than Nu Feng.
Previously, he was secretly happy that his opponent didn't even have a chance to fight, but he had already fought several times in a row!
Now, Nu Feng's heart was filled with fear.
He didn't want to fight anymore …..
He wasn't afraid of death. In any case, he couldn't die even if he wanted to in this Illusory Battlefield.
However, to throw him out naked and be crushed by those guys, for the Demon Race who valued glory, this was simply worse than death.
However, the battle on this chessboard was not something he could control.
Whoever was chosen by that huge jade hand would win. No one could decipher the rules and mysteries behind it.
However, things were often like this. What he feared would happen.
There was only one round left before he was defeated by Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
After a round, the chess piece under his feet was once again caught by that jade-like hand!
Unable to struggle, he could only pray. He prayed that his opponent was weak. Even if his opponent wasn't weak, it shouldn't be an existence like those Dao Children. It wasn't a battle of the same level, so there was no room for appreciation!
Nu Feng's face was sullen as he looked at the huge jade hand in front of him.
Sure enough, that jade-like hand grabbed onto a black chess piece again …
"Another human martial artist?" Nu Feng's pair of bull-like eyes widened as he stared at the human warrior. He was already scared of being oppressed by that human warrior.
Then, he heard the mysterious girl's voice again …
"Demon Race warrior Nu Feng against human warrior Luo Zheng."
Luo Zheng?
Nu Feng's face froze.
The universe was so vast. Many famous heaven's prides were only famous in their own clans. Thus, Nu Feng didn't recognize Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
However, Luo Zheng was different …
In the entire universe, whether it was the Human Race, the Demon Race, the Demon Race, or those unknown small clans, countless ordinary people were familiar with this name …
Even pigs, dogs, apes, ants, and all the murderers had heard of this person. Of course, the premise was that they had enough intelligence to understand Luo Zheng's words.
After all, the Roaring Command treated everyone equally. Every creature in the universe could hear his voice.
However, although Luo Zheng was famous, only a few people had seen Luo Zheng's strength.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1321
However, he had learned his lesson from the two previous failures.
At this moment, Nu Feng was extra cautious.
He didn't know how strong Luo Zheng was, but he had lost to his opponent in one move twice. This had already wiped out a lot of his fighting spirit.
At this moment, Nu Feng didn't want to win, but he didn't want to make any mistakes.
If he could defeat Luo Zheng, it would be good. But even if he lost, he didn't want to be defeated so badly.
Therefore, when he stepped on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard again, he summoned the big drum.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
As soon as the big drum was summoned, a rhythmic drumbeat was transmitted.
The drumbeat wasn't from Nu Feng, but from the beating of the heart in the drum.
As the sound of the drum spread out, Nu Feng also let out a roar!
On Nu Feng's body, the protective Zhen Yuan was fluctuating according to a certain rhythm. Under this Zhen Yuan fluctuation, it turned into a layer of black armor, stacking on top of each other.
"Protective Demonic Flame!"
This move could strengthen Luo Zheng's defense to the maximum.
The Demon Clan's body was originally very strong. When the Protective Demonic Flame was activated, his body's toughness could be compared with those Divine Beasts with rough skin and thick flesh.
However, to be on the safe side, it wasn't enough.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Immediately after, a rapid drumming sound could be heard!
"Wind Surge Demonic Flame!"
An invisible gust of wind wrapped around him, which could stimulate his speed to the highest level.
By the time Raging Wind was unleashed, Luo Zheng had already floated down from the black chess piece.
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had participated in a battle. He was curious about the Heaven and Earth Chessboard under his feet.
When Luo Zheng stepped on the chessboard, his eyes revealed a strange light.
He didn't know what this Heaven and Earth Chessboard was made of. Standing on the chessboard, he had a feeling that he was connected to the earth.
At this moment, the mysterious girl had turned the three hundred people into chess pieces to play with her.
This Heaven and Earth Chessboard was a simulation of a part of the universe.
Under such a simulation, could it be that the evolution of the situation in the universe in the future would evolve according to the current battle?
Luo Zheng's conjecture had indeed touched the threshold.
In truth, the Empyreans hidden all over the universe were also paying close attention to the chess pieces and battles on this chessboard.
Of course, they were concerned about their own successors and the geniuses of their own forces. However, they were more concerned about the significance of these variables!
This game of chess was a rehearsal for the battle of the world.
The mysterious girl wanted to use her own game to deduce, and the Empyreans also wanted to use this opportunity to deduce. If they could see through a trace of the heavenly secrets and find a variable in their clan, they might be able to turn misfortune into fortune, and they might even be able to borrow it.
His power soared.
But now, Nu Feng, as a proud son of heaven of the Demon Race, had come out to fight two or three times in a row. Moreover, he had inexplicably provoked the Human Race cultivators at the beginning. There was likely a reason behind this.
Although the Demon Race and the Human Race didn't get along, Nu Feng wasn't a brainless fellow. Provoking the Human Race in this kind of situation would definitely incur the wrath of the Human Race, and since he wasn't the strongest, his fate could be imagined.
There must be a hidden meaning behind it.
Divining the fate of a single person was easy, but divining the fate of a group of people was difficult.
And if one wanted to calculate the fate of all the living beings in the universe, the complexity of this divination was nearly unimaginable.
Perhaps in a tight divination, because of a minor oversight, it would lead to a series of unpredictable trends …
Many Empyreans observed as they divined. This wasn't just for themselves, but also for their clans.
Even the Demon Race's Empyrean Demondawn was secretly divining. Even though the Demon Race's proud sons of heaven were defeated again and again, and all of them were annihilated in a single move, he still concentrated on divining the hidden meaning behind this. Although Empyrean Demondawn hadn't divined anything yet, he had a faint foreboding feeling that this was absolutely not a good thing for the Demon Race. Thus, he had to carefully calculate and plan ahead.
He had to deal with the hidden dangers of this battle of the world.
Luo Zheng stood where he was. After a moment of contemplation, he gave Nu Feng ample time to prepare and then walked towards him.
"Brother Luo Zheng, it's about time." Hua Tianming carried a long sword on his back, his face full of heroic spirit, a light smile hanging on his face.
To what extent had the disparity between him and Luo Zheng shrunk? Had he already surpassed Luo Zheng? Hua Tianming hoped that he would have a chance to review this …
Hua Tianming wasn't in a hurry. As long as he could win, he would have a chance to meet Luo Zheng sooner or later.
"Luo Zheng, you can do it!" Xi Youqin shouted out. As she finished speaking, her eyelashes fluttered and she changed the way she addressed him. "Husband! You can do it! "
As she shouted out these words …
All of the proud sons of heaven and Dao Children present had incomparably strange expressions on their faces.
These proud sons of heaven and earth didn't care about the private affairs of others. Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng were so intimate that they didn't pay much attention to it. But, for him to become her 'husband' so quickly, this was just too …
"Heh …"
Seeing the expressions on the faces of those proud sons of heaven, Hua Tianming, who was in the know, couldn't help but laugh.
Even that pink figure turned her head to look at Xi Youqin in bewilderment. However, her face was a blur, and her expression couldn't be seen clearly at all.
As for the outside world …
"That woman is Luo Zheng's wife?"
"This couple is actually ranked in the top three hundred. This is too strange!"
"Sigh, this Luo Zheng is really lucky. How could a country bumpkin who ascended from the Lower Domain have such a woman by his side!"
"Hmph, he probably hooked up with her in the Illusory Battlefield. This woman is so easy to hook up with, she's most likely not a good person!"
Countless warriors were discussing this matter. Some were sighing, some were admiring, and some were jealous and slandering.
When Ninth Palace Master heard the voice transmitted from the picture scroll, she immediately looked at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie just turned her face slightly. "Shameless!"
A faint smile appeared on Ninth Palace Master's face. She had lived for so many years, so how could she not understand the reason behind this?
Since the Holy Master was sure that Ning Yudie was Luo Zheng's wife, then Xi Youqin was most likely his concubine. Moreover, looking at the situation, Xi Youqin hadn't even been brought into the family …
Luo Zheng, who was originally walking on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, almost stumbled when he heard Xi Youqin calling out so intimately in front of so many people!
His reaction was strange, and he was only 300 feet away from the furious wind at this moment. Thus, he took advantage of the situation and rushed forward!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng used a huge handprint to kill the furious wind!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao used a sword to kill the furious wind.
How could he, Luo Zheng, fall behind others?
At the same time, the power of the dragon scales in his body began to flow rapidly!
"One palm, one sword … I, Luo Zheng, will kill you with one punch!"
"Huhuhu …"
The closer he got to the furious wind, the faster Luo Zheng's speed, and the more majestic the dragon power in his right fist was!
"Do you think Luo Zheng can defeat the enemy in one move?"
"He can't! Just now, someone has already started the game. The odds for defeating the enemy in one move are 1: 400! It's so high that it's scary! The possibility is too small … "
"I also think it's impossible. I don't know how strong Luo Zheng is. The furious wind was just scared out of its wits and blindly defended. Maybe its strength is even stronger than Luo Zheng's!"
"What's more, Luo Zheng gave the furious wind enough time to prepare. He wants to kill the furious wind in one move? Dream on! "
In their opinion, Luo Zheng's sudden appearance showed that he had good strength.
They estimated that they were about the same as the geniuses of some big clans, but there was still a big gap between them and Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, and Ji Luoxue.
At this moment, Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about other people's opinions.
If he couldn't kill the furious wind with one punch, then he would use two punches. If two punches didn't work, then he would use three punches …
As for the furious wind, he had lost his fighting spirit. He didn't even dare to take Luo Zheng's attack.
Because once he took the attack, it meant that he would expose his weakness. Once he exposed his weakness, he would probably repeat the same mistake and be defeated by Luo Zheng in one move. This was the last thing he wanted to happen.
Therefore, at this moment, he was completely on the defensive. Although it was shameful to blindly defend, he was really scared of being crushed. Even if he was defeated, he didn't want to lose in such an ugly way!
Seeing Luo Zheng's punch coming toward him, he quickly retreated while defending!
"Tear him apart! Nu Feng, you're the genius of the Demon Clan. How can you fight like this? "
"That guy didn't even activate his True Essence. What are you afraid of?"
"Hey, I think the furious wind shouldn't have participated in the Fantasy Battlefield this time …"
This scene was transmitted to the outside world, and countless warriors of the Demon Clan became anxious. They all cursed angrily.
While they were cursing, Luo Zheng had already approached the furious wind. No matter how fast the furious wind retreated, he was still slower than Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1322
Nu Feng was not a scarecrow. After all, he was a genius of the demon race …
In the previous two battles, Nu Feng had been too careless. In the first battle, he did not expect to win against Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but the strength that Xuanyuan Chenfeng displayed was enough to kill him.
In the second battle, he met the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who was not very famous. He originally wanted to turn the tables, but he was once again killed by the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
In fact, whether it was Xuanyuan Chenfeng or the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, if he took a defensive stance and fled, it was impossible for him to be killed in one move.
The gap between a Dao Child and a genius was very big, but it was not so big.
Because he had lost two battles in a row, Nu Feng had become very cautious. He set up two layers of protection in succession.
This protective demonic flame was produced by activating the drum with his true essence, and after condensing into the Brilliant Demonic Armor, it was combined with his true essence. It could be said that it was a combination of body and energy cultivation.
It was a perfect combination.
The outer layer of the Brilliant Demonic Armor was tough, and the inner layer was hard. Ordinary strength could not break it.
However, Nu Feng was unable to exert it to the extreme …
This time, all the geniuses and Dao Children had used the best treasures of their ancestors.
For example, the drum that Nu Feng brought with him was also a very good supreme artifact. It was ranked 405 on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, called the "Demon Heart Drum."
However, although the treasures in the hands of these geniuses were extremely sharp, they were almost unable to be used to the extreme.
Generally speaking, in order to use a supreme artifact to the extreme, one had to at least have the strength of a Divine Transformation or even a Realm Master.
However, even if the Brilliant Demonic Armor only activated one-tenth of the power of the Demon Heart Drum, it was not a defense that could be easily broken through by brute force.
At this time, Nu Feng did not believe this at all! At this time, Nu Feng did not believe that Luo Zheng could break his Brilliant Demonic Armor with just a pair of bare fists …
If he was killed by a human warrior three times in a row, it would undoubtedly be a great humiliation for this genius of the demon race. Then, he could really commit suicide! Only by dying in the demon race would he die in the demon race.
Only in front of the Holy Devil Ancestor of the human race could he wash away the shame he had brought to the Devil Clan.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed when he felt the aura of the Demonic Light Armor. The moment he threw a punch, he suddenly thought of something.
Although this punch was powerful and might be able to break the Demonic Astral Armor, it was impossible to kill this person with brute force when facing an armor made of a supreme artifact.
It would only be possible if the power in his body was doubled.
Fortunately, this guy had already adopted an absolute defensive stance. To put it bluntly, this guy was just a target for him to hit!
In this case, Luo Zheng had many choices.
It was not impossible for Luo Zheng to kill Nu Feng with pure physical strength, but pure physical strength was also a trump card for him. He had to expose it in advance, especially in order to kill Nu Feng.
Being exposed was not worth it.
In that split second, Luo Zheng had already changed his tactics …
Before this punch collided with Nu Feng, it suddenly changed from a fist to a palm. At the same time, a long spear shot out from his Sumeru Ring!
This Holy Spear of Slaughter had only shot out half the distance before it was firmly grasped by Luo Zheng. Half of it was still inside the Sumeru Ring …
The moment he grasped the Holy Spear, Luo Zheng had already poured the Chaotic Qi into it.
This Holy Spear of Slaughter was not Luo Zheng's weapon. On the one hand, he was not used to using this Holy Spear. On the other hand, he could not display the true power of this Holy Spear.
In this universe, perhaps only Xun Fang had the ability to fully activate this Holy Spear of Slaughter.
However …
After all, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was the most powerful supreme artifact!
Luo Zheng might not be able to comprehend the subtlety of it, and he had never comprehended Spear Intent. But at this stage, using this spear could make him like a tiger with wings.
He could kill Nu Feng cleanly and efficiently, and at the same time, he could hide his trump card.
"No Turning Thought!"
If the distance between him and Nu Feng was very far, Luo Zheng might not have been able to hit him with No Turning Thought at this moment.
Although Nu Feng was a Demon Race martial artist, he was also a dual cultivator of body and energy. Moreover, he was of the True Essence lineage and mainly cultivated the Wind Laws. His speed was not slow …
But just as Luo Zheng punched out, half of the Holy Spear of Slaughter flew out from the Sumeru Ring. The spear shadow condensed and shot out in an instant.
Whoosh!
In this universe, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was not the most powerful supreme artifact. But in terms of destructive power, there was probably no weapon that could surpass the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
In this universe, there was probably no one who was willing to meet the Holy Spear of Slaughter head-on …
Nu Feng was not willing either.
But he could only stare blankly as Luo Zheng changed his move …
Seeing Luo Zheng pull out half of the spear from the Sumeru Ring, even if only half of the spear was exposed, the twinkling power of the double-pointed spear left him aghast.
Cheating …
A thought popped up in his mind.
But in a battle between martial artists, everything was based on winning. In any battle between martial artists, there was no such thing as cheating.
Not to mention that he had been deceived by this level of cheating. It could only be said that he had a problem, and not Luo Zheng.
He had turned into a target and had no intention of fighting. He could not blame others for using even more ruthless means to destroy him!
The spear shadow shot out from No Turning Thought was like a giant crocodile, directly swallowing Nu Feng.
Although Luo Zheng was not proficient in using the spear, this Holy Spear had its own martial skill. He only used the chaotic energy to activate it. But after the chaotic energy was activated, No Turning Thought was even more tyrannical.
Even though the Magic Brilliant Astral Armor was abnormally tough, and ordinary weapons, or even karma weapons, found it difficult to penetrate, the Astral Armor could not block this giant spear shadow.
"Bo!"
The spear shadow directly pierced through Nu Feng.
Nu Feng … lost.
It was still only one move …
Strictly speaking, it was only two moves!
Because Luo Zheng's punch was only half a move. He had changed his move at the last moment, changing his fist into a spear. It could be considered as using half a move to deceive, and then using the spear to kill!
But at this moment, no one thought that the problem was just one move or half a move. In their opinion, Xuanyuan Chenfeng relied on a big handprint, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao relied on a sword, and Luo Zheng relied on a spear. That was enough.
The problem was that Luo Zheng had the Holy Spear in his hand.
How could the Holy Spear of Massacre of the Yao Night Clan be in Luo Zheng's hands?
"That's the Holy Spear of Massacre!"
"How could it be in Luo Zheng's hands?"
"The Holy Spear of Massacre is the most precious treasure of the Yao Night Clan, and the King of the Yao Night Clan is by Luo Zheng's side. This spear … could it be that the King of Massacre of the Yao Night Clan passed it on to Luo Zheng?"
"Hmph, I heard that the King of Massacre is only a soul now. Where did he get the Holy Spear of Massacre? This spear is clearly kept in the Yao Night Clan … "
…
In the Yao Night Clan …
Yao coldly stared at the Holy Spear of Massacre in Luo Zheng's hand. A ruthless expression appeared on her face, and her gaze fell on Ming Dao, who was standing to the side.
"My, my King …" Ming Dao fell to his knees with a plop.
Yao and Ming Dao were from the same faction, and it was because of their bloodline inheritance that she had supported Ming Dao's father, the Realm Lord of Broken Shadow, to become the Heavenly Sovereign of Broken Shadow …
"This Holy Spear of Massacre was accidentally stolen by Luo Zheng!" Ming Dao hurriedly explained.
Yao shook her head and sighed. "It's just a projection of the Holy Spear. It's not that important, but you failed to live up to expectations …"
The Holy Spear of Massacre that she had lost in the Illusion Battlefield wasn't the real Holy Spear of Massacre, so Yao didn't feel any heartache. However, Ming Dao's Illusion Points had all been stolen, and he hadn't been able to enter the top 100. Yao was very disappointed.
In the Illusion Battlefield, the two factions of the Yao Night Clan that supported her, the King of Punishment, were almost completely annihilated. On the other hand, the Daoist nurtured by the King of Life's faction had a smooth journey. He should be able to obtain a decent ranking.

Chapter 1323
After Luo Zheng took out the Holy Spear of Slaughter, many cultivators looked solemn.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was known as the most powerful weapon in the universe. It was one of the top three supreme artifacts on the Universe's Myriad Spirit Stele. It was the symbol of the Fiend Night Clan …
However, wasn't Luo Zheng rumored to be a sword cultivator?
Why had he suddenly switched to using a spear?
Luo Zheng hadn't stayed in the Upper Realm for long, but many people had already dug up news of his time in the Human Arrival Alliance. News of Luo Zheng's performance in the Torch Flame Inheritance had also gradually spread.
This could also be news deliberately released by the Human Arrival Alliance to prove to the other races in the universe that Luo Zheng was from the Human Arrival Alliance.
However, Luo Zheng didn't care about what others thought of him.
When he stabbed out with his spear, the Holy Spear of Slaughter had already returned to his Sumeru Ring …
Many people in the universe had heard of Luo Zheng's name, but this was the first time they had seen Luo Zheng in action.
Luo Zheng had also killed the Demon Clan's prodigy, Nu Feng, with a single strike. However, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was very famous in the universe. Many people would attribute the credit to the Holy Spear of Slaughter rather than his true strength.
When Luo Zheng returned to the sky and stepped on a black chess piece, a white chess piece slowly floated towards Luo Zheng.
A woman with long and slender legs stood on the white chess piece. She gave off a quiet and elegant aura. Compared to the other women from the Demon Night Clan, she was not as lively and lively. However, she was much more dignified and calm.
When she floated next to Luo Zheng, she stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Friend, please return the Holy Spear of Slaughter to the Fiend Night Clan. It's a sacred artifact of the Fiend Night Clan."
When Luo Zheng heard this, a faint smile appeared on his face …
He knew that the Holy Spear of Slaughter was very important to the Fiend Night Clan. The problem was that this was the Illusory Battlefield.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was not the real thing. It was just a projection. However, Luo Zheng could use the mark to bring the Holy Spear of Slaughter out of the Dream Battlefield. He wanted to give Xun a surprise when he returned.
However, the woman in front of him actually wanted him to return it? How could he choose to return it?
Not only did he not return the spear, he instead looked to the woman from the Demon Night Clan with a smile on his face. "Just because this spear is your clan's sacred item, I should return it to you?"
Not only did the woman not refute Luo Zheng's words, she even nodded her head heavily. "This spear is a sacred object of our Demon Night Clan. It is only natural for us to return it."
"Are you an idiot? The Holy Slaughter Spear is only a projection from the Illusory Battlefield. It's not the real Holy Slaughter Spear. "Xi Youqin was unable to bear it any longer. She stepped on a chess piece and blocked the woman from the Demon Night Clan.
The woman from the Demon Night Clan smiled faintly. "Of course I know that. However, I also know that you've been to the Karma Hall. The Holy Slaughter Spear has already been marked and can be brought out … Do you really intend to give it to Xun?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly when he heard the woman from the Demon Night Clan's words.
The woman's reaction was extremely strange.
Everyone from the Demon Night Clan would refer to the three kings as' Our Kings'.
Even the Demon Night Clan's members who were hostile to Xun did not dare to be negligent in addressing them as' Our Kings'.
However, this woman from the Demon Night Clan was calling Xun by her real name?
Who exactly was she?
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng smiled coldly. "I took the Holy Slaughter Spear from your Demon Night Clan's cultivators. Naturally, I intend to give it to Xun and return it to you. Who do you think you are?"
The woman from the Demon Night Clan was not angered when she heard Luo Zheng's words. Instead, she stared at Luo Zheng with a faint smile on her face. "There will be a time when we fight … At that time, you will definitely return it to me."
Then, she stepped on the white chess piece and fluttered to the other side.
Hearing the woman's last words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Who was this woman? What did she mean by that?
"That woman is Qing Yu, a Daoist from the Demon Night Clan," one of the human prodigies explained to Luo Zheng.
Qing Yu?
Luo Zheng had never heard of such a person in the Demon Night Clan before.
However, he had never been to the Demon Night Clan, so he did not know much about the geniuses in the clan.
At this moment, the human cultivator continued, "Actually, this Daoist Qing Yu is very strange. I've never heard of such a Daoist in the Demon Night Clan with a fully bloomed Mahayana Lotus Flower. She seemed to have appeared out of thin air."
"Appeared out of thin air?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly as he stared in the direction Qing Yu had left.
"Hehe, the cultivation of a Daoist requires an enormous amount of resources and resources. I haven't even heard of such a Daoist in the Nightfiend Clan for many years. Now that he has suddenly appeared, he must have appeared out of nowhere …" The human prodigy was quite knowledgeable, and he helped Luo Zheng analyze the situation.
'No matter who she is? Does she intend to force me to return the Sacred Spear of Slaughter to her?
That's not realistic either … '
'A battle on this chessboard won't endanger my life. How is she going to force me to return the Sacred Spear of Slaughter?' Luo Zheng could not figure it out.
As he thought about it, his gaze fell on Qing Yu as he quietly pondered. This matter was probably related to Xun, so it was best to wait and see.
That huge jade-like hand was still grabbing the chess pieces one by one and pressing them onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Round after round of competition was still unfolding.
Three hundred sky-prides might not be a lot, but it was still very time-consuming to go through all the battles.
Ever since Luo Zheng had stepped onto the chessboard, he had not had a chance to participate in any of the subsequent battles. On the other hand, Xi Youqin had fought twice, and each time, she had won with the Little Purple River Sword Array. Against prodigies, Xi Youqin could handle them with the Little Purple River Sword Array.
At the thirty-fourth round, there was finally a warrior among the three hundred warriors who had been eliminated.
It turned out that the black chess piece on the chessboard had sealed the white chess piece's eyes and directly 'devoured' it. Under such circumstances, the white chess piece would be eliminated. At the same time, the prodigy on the white chess piece could only fight with all his might. If he won, he would still be able to stay on the chessboard. If he lost, he would be eliminated.
In the end, the prodigy on the white chess piece was defeated and became the first prodigy to be eliminated.
Even though Nu Feng was constantly defeated, because the chess pieces under his feet were all living chess pieces, he was not eliminated.
In other words, when a chess piece was placed on the chessboard, if he was still a living chess piece, winning or losing didn't matter, and he would not be eliminated.
But if it was his own chess piece … it was a dead chess piece, or even a dead chess piece. Under such circumstances, he could only fight with all his might. He could only win and not lose. If he lost, he would be eliminated …
(I'm too sleepy today, so I can only update twice)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1324
The elimination of the first cultivator didn't attract much attention in the eyes of ordinary cultivators.
It was very normal for cultivators to be eliminated from a competition.
Many cultivators even began to question the rules of this chessboard. Using this method to eliminate cultivators seemed too baseless and it was impossible to truly and effectively determine the strongest cultivator.
For example, Nu Feng of the Demon Race had been defeated three times in a row and still hadn't been eliminated. This was inevitably unfair.
However, they didn't realize that this Great Era War was just a preview of the universe's future. There was no such thing as rules.
On the contrary, the many Heavenly Venerates in the universe attached great importance to this.
The first prodigy to be eliminated …
His name was Guan Quan.
He was a member of the Celestial Tang Clan.
The Celestial Tang Clan was a small and unknown clan. It couldn't even be considered a second-rate clan, yet it had given birth to a prodigy. This clan only controlled three Great Realms, and these three Great Realms were extremely barren and marginal Great Realms. Therefore, no great faction was willing to invade such a clan.
"Could it be … that the crisis of this Great Era will be born from such a small and unknown clan?"
In the Human Alliance, Heavenly Venerate Cloudfox muttered to himself as he looked at the black and white chess pieces.
"A small Celestial Tang Clan can be destroyed by a few tenth-rank Sacred Lands of the Human Alliance if they join forces. Do they have the ability to trigger the crisis?" Cloudfall asked in confusion.
Heavenly Venerate Cloudfox smiled faintly. "A small clan like this is nothing to be afraid of. However … they may not have the ability to trigger the crisis, but the crisis may erupt from their side …"
What form would this crisis take? So far, no one knew …
It could be a silent, world-ending plague that even Celestial Venerables could not resist. It could also be a self-destruction caused by the fall of all the stars in the heavens. It could also be a war disaster started by some ambitious person from a great power.
However, many Heavenly Venerates began to speculate and their gazes fell on the Celestial Tang Clan.
If they calculated according to this clan, they might be able to deduce a result. Based on this result, they would be able to set up defenses in advance and try to overcome this crisis.
The chess pieces on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth were still falling down one by one, little by little, forming a piece.
The white chess pieces, named Fixed Number, were very stable and occupied a large territory. The black chess pieces, named Variable Number, were cut into pieces by the white chess pieces …
As everyone became more familiar with the rules, the way they fought also changed.
These warriors had a rough estimate of their own strength.
If he encountered a strong opponent and was unwilling to reveal his trump card, he would take the initiative to admit defeat. In any case, he wouldn't be eliminated if he admitted defeat in such a situation. If he revealed his trump card too early, he would probably be targeted by others in the life and death battle …
It was also because of this that the round after round of battles sped up.
After both sides were taken off the chessboard, they quickly tried to guess each other's strength. They even tested each other before deciding which side would surrender …
This method clearly did not go against the original intention of the chessboard. However, the mysterious girl did not stop them. She continued to focus on using the three hundred prodigies as chess pieces, constantly placing them on the chessboard.
Every time a white piece or a black piece was about to be "hugged and eaten", it was the crucial moment of the killing move. Naturally, the warriors on both sides would not be perfunctory anymore.
If he lost now, he would be eliminated immediately!
Naturally, he would give it his all …
As more and more pieces were placed on the chessboard, the speed at which the martial artists were eliminated also increased.
This was because when they were "hugged and eaten", one of them would definitely be eliminated …
During this period, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin were each taken off the chessboard twice.
Luo Zheng still relied on that Saint Spear. His opponent took the initiative to admit defeat once, and the other time, after exchanging blows, his opponent no longer put up any unnecessary resistance and admitted defeat again …
As for Xi Youqin, no one could break the Minor Purple River Sword Array. Every time she used the Minor Purple River Sword Array, her opponent would also take the initiative to admit defeat.
Just like this, close to three hundred chess pieces were placed on the chessboard. These three hundred prodigies had also exchanged blows three hundred times.
Of course, most of the exchanges were perfunctory and not very spectacular … Moreover, there were also some warriors who had never even entered the chessboard before.
At this moment, the white chess pieces on the chessboard had formed a large dragon, and the situation was extremely stable.
However, although this large dragon was stable, it wasn't completely dead yet. At the top of the large dragon, there was a battle with the black chess piece. The crucial point of this battle was probably only around the third to fourth moves before a chance was born.
The martial artists who were well-versed in the chessboard could already see that under this situation, it would probably be a battle between two Dao Disciples! After all, this battle directly determined the overall situation of the black and white chess pieces. If the black chess piece lost, the originally unfavorable situation would be lost. If the white chess piece lost, the large dragon would be killed by the black chess piece, and the situation would be reversed.
The next few moves were the most crucial ones!
"Pa …"
The black and white chess pieces landed on the top of the large dragon.
Two martial artists entered the arena, fought, and admitted defeat …
"Pa pa …"
Another two chess pieces landed, and another two martial artists entered the arena. One was Lie Qianhan of Deities No Thoughts, and the other was a prodigy from a small clan. That prodigy directly admitted defeat and admitted that he wasn't a match for Lie Qianhan …
At this moment, the last move of the battle of the calamity appeared.
Luo Zheng looked at the situation on the chessboard, and his eyes flashed slightly. With the appearance of the battle of the calamity, these two moves were especially crucial. Moreover, this was also a life and death game. The loser would be directly eliminated if the large dragon was killed.
In that case, who would be the cultivator that would be chosen to enter?
The mysterious girl's chess skills weren't very good, and most of the martial artists could see this. At this moment, everyone held their breath because they all knew that whoever was chosen to enter the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth would most likely be eliminated. In this case, their opponents would definitely not be weak.
"Huff …"
A jade-like hand directly grabbed a purple-haired girl.
Luo Xi Xuan of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Luo Zheng wasn't familiar with this girl. He had never been to the Demi-Immortal Clan. Although the old patriarch had sent someone to ask him to go, he couldn't go. However, Luo Xi Xuan had fought twice before, and each time, her opponent directly admitted defeat.
Hearing the introduction of others, Luo Zheng learned that this person was a Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
There were many martial artists from the Demi-Immortal Clan who had entered the three hundred, about nine of them. Moreover, the Demi-Immortal Clan had two Dao Children.
One was Luo Xi Xuan, and the other was Jiang Zhengyi.
The Dao Children entered the arena.
Many of the martial artists' faces showed a touch of seriousness.
This was a life and death battle. No one was willing to be eliminated. If they admitted defeat, they would be directly eliminated. Who would be willing to collide with these Dao Children so early?
Therefore, most of the martial artists were praying in their hearts that they wouldn't enter the arena.
After the Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan was knocked into the chessboard.
That jade-like hand directly moved towards Luo Zheng.
Looking at the direction of the jade-like hand, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. "It's me?"
However, in the end, that finger directly passed over Luo Zheng's head and grabbed a martial artist not far behind Luo Zheng. Hua Tianming!
"So it's Hua Tianming," Xi Youqin said softly.
"Brother Tianming …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
This wasn't good news …
He knew that Hua Tianming's strength had soared by leaps and bounds and had undergone a qualitative change.
However, although that Dao Child was also a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, his Mahayana Lotus had been completely opened. If he didn't fall, his chances of becoming a True God were quite high. More importantly, he had begun to comprehend the Divine Dao. His understanding and application of the Dao were far beyond that of ordinary people!
Facing Luo Xi Xuan, Hua Tianming's odds were against him.
Seeing the expression on Luo Zheng's face, before Hua Tianming's black piece was placed, he smiled slightly at Luo Zheng. He was still calm and confident, and his expression was full of heroic spirit.
At this very moment …
In a tenth-rank Holy Land in Gods No Thought, there was a burst of uproar.
Hua Tianming had ascended to a tenth-rank Holy Land in Gods No Thought, and he had become the treasure of this Holy Land.
Their Holy Lord had never dreamed that a martial artist from his own Holy Land would be able to stand in the top 300 …
The entire Gods No Thought was the world of the four Great Clans. These tenth-rank Holy Lands were merely vassals of the four Great Clans. Those who qualified to enter the top 300 in Gods No Thought were the Dao Children of the Xuanyuan Family, Ji Family, Ji Family, and Lie Family. As for the other tenth-rank Holy Lands, they were basically annihilated.

Chapter 1325
When Hua Tianming had first made it into the top ten thousand, the sacred leaders had been overjoyed.
As one of the great factions of the human race, Gods No Thought was essentially one of the four great divine nations. The four great clans were the emperors of Gods No Thought.
The subordinate sacred lands could only be considered the subjects of the four great clans. In terms of structure, they were completely different from the Human Alliance.
Because of this, all the resources would be given to the four great clans, and all the resources would be distributed by the four great clans.
The fact that a tenth rank sacred land could nurture a genius in the top ten thousand was completely beyond the sacred leader's expectations. In the future, he would definitely be able to use this to obtain more resources and rewards from the four great clans.
However, they never would've thought that Hua Tianming wouldn't stop at the top ten thousand.
Instead, he'd entered the second stage.
He'd entered the final stage of the game and become a variable on the chessboard of heaven and earth.
The cultivators of the tenth rank sacred lands were overjoyed by this scene.
It even attracted the attention of the sacred leaders of the other two tenth rank sacred lands.
Unfortunately, Hua Tianming hadn't placed the black piece at his feet from beginning to end. This made them look forward to Hua Tianming's next move even more.
However, they hadn't expected Hua Tianming to be eliminated as soon as he made his move.
Even more unexpected was that Hua Tianming's opponent would be Luo Xi Xuan!
Luo Xi Xuan of the demi-immortal race, the darling of the demi-immortal race, the daughter of lightning …
All of the prodigies present had their own legends.
Luo Xi Xuan's background was particularly bizarre.
There was a realm in the universe called the Dark Thunder Realm. This realm was filled with the violent power of lightning.
No one had set foot in it for countless years.
It wasn't that they were afraid of the power of thunder and lightning. In fact, the more peculiar this kind of ominous land was, the greater the possibility of obtaining an opportunity. Often, there would be countless cultivators who would rush forward one after another in order to obtain an opportunity to become stronger.
The Divine Fire Realm was one such example. The Divine Fire Realm wasn't suitable for living beings at all, but many cultivators would risk their lives to enter it in order to obtain the treasures of heaven and earth there.
Risk and reward were often directly proportional.
However, the Black Thunder Realm was a little special. There was a Black Thunder Sacred Beast sealed in this realm.
It was said that this Profound Thunderbeast was sealed eighty million years ago by six Celestial Sovereigns working together to seal it. Moreover, they relied on one of the Celestial Sovereigns' heavenly wills, the "Demon Sealing Mandate" to seal this Profound Thunderbeast.
It was precisely because of the existence of this seal that no one could enter the Dark Thunder Realm.
But twenty-two years ago, the seal broke.
It must be known that the Demon Sealing Mandate of Heaven was set up using the Demon Sealing Mandate of Heaven. In theory, this seal represented the strongest seal in the universe. After all, it was set up using the laws of the Heavenly Dao.
The breaking of the seal meant that the Profound Thunder Sacred Beast had broken free from the seal, and it also meant that it had obtained power that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
At that time, this matter shook the entire universe.
It even made quite a few people cry out in alarm. The crisis of the great era battle had already arrived ahead of time!
The danger was naturally the Black Thunder Sacred Beast.
This crisis quickly attracted the attention of many races in the universe.
Whether it was the human race, the demi-immortal race, or the demon race's Celestial Venerables, they all headed to the Dark Thunder Realm to investigate the situation.
However, after repeated investigations, he discovered something unexpected.
The seal of the Dark Thunder Realm had indeed been broken.
But the Black Thunder Sacred Beast was still sealed inside. Only a very small part of it had been broken, so small that it was negligible …
However, as they continued to investigate, they discovered something shocking.
This seal had been broken by a three-year-old girl!
This little girl had actually broken the seal on her own and walked out of that damned place filled with all kinds of Thunder Laws!
At that time, Luo Xi Xuan was only three years old.
After realizing that this girl was extraordinary, many races began to fight over her.
In the end, she fell into the hands of the demi-immortal race, and they named her Luo Xi Xuan.
Her mysterious origin caused a heated discussion in the universe, but in the end, it gradually died down.
Because after she entered the demi-immortal race, there was no more news about her …
But a year before the Illusory Battlefield opened, the Heavenly Dao Clan announced that they already had two Dao Children. One was Jiang Zhengyi, and the other was Luo Xi Xuan.
Although no one had seen this girl's strength, no one doubted that she was a Dao Child.
In this world, there were always some people who were born extraordinary.
Luo Xi Xuan was one of those extraordinary people.
"Ai, why is Hua Tianming's first opponent from the demi-immortal race, and it's Luo Xi Xuan!"
"This Luo Xi Xuan is only rumored to be strong, but she may not be able to defeat Hua Tianming …"
"Haha, the demi-immortal race … any random genius is enough to become a top disciple of our Holy Land, and Luo Xi Xuan is a Dao Child of the demi-immortal race, the most powerful character of the younger generation, how could she be weak?"
In the tenth rank Holy Land, many cultivators couldn't help but sigh.
Now that Hua Tianming had advanced into the top three hundred, wouldn't it be good if he could enter the top ten and obtain a Divine Spark Plate?
But now, it was a pity, why was he so unlucky?
Luo Xi Xuan gently jumped down from the chess piece and looked at the chessboard under her feet. Her light purple eyes swept across the other side, landing on the handsome face of Hua Tianming, and then a faint smile appeared on her face.
"Demi-Immortal, Luo Xi Xuan," she said faintly.
At this moment, Luo Xi Xuan didn't look special at all, as if she was just an ordinary person, but she also gave off the feeling of a girl next door.
At the same time, Hua Tianming also stepped forward, slowly walking down from the black chess piece, and then took out the long sword on his back.
The long sword was wrapped in a layer of linen, but Hua Tianming placed the sword on the ground, and then slowly unrolled the linen that had been rolled into a ball …
Some cultivators would take advantage of this opportunity to attack.
But Luo Xi Xuan wouldn't.
Hua Tianming also knew that she wouldn't.
After completely unraveling the linen, a sword appeared. It looked like a very ordinary sword, and the blade was still hidden in the scabbard, as if he hadn't pulled it out.
Holding the sword hilt, Hua Tianming stood up, "Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming."
"Hm?" Luo Xi Xuan tilted her head, a puzzled look in her eyes.
What the hell was the Cloud Hall?
At the same time, the Ninth Palace Master in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground stared at Ning Yudie. Hearing it from Hua Tianming's mouth once again confirmed Ning Yudie's previous words.
Ning Yudie just smiled slightly, but her expression was as if it was only natural.
Ever since Hua Tianming showed his talent in the battle with the Tian Xie Sect, he had been put in an important position by the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie naturally understood this person's character. As a swordsman, he was a very principled person. He had never left the Cloud Hall, and in theory, he had always been a member of the Cloud Hall …
At that time, Ning Yudie had also secretly observed Hua Tianming. If there were no major accidents, when Hua Tianming's cultivation was enough, he would be promoted to the position of Palace Master.
However, Hua Tianming's ambitions were not in the Cloud Hall, nor in the Central Domain. He had greater ambitions.
Ever since he left the Central Domain, he had been missing. Ning Yudie only found out when she came here that Hua Tianming had ascended and had such strength.
As for the tenth-grade Sacred Ground in [Gods Without Thought], when they heard Hua Tianming's answer, they were naturally in an uproar, and many were dissatisfied.
However, it was useless to be dissatisfied. They were not of much help to Hua Tianming. At most, they could only be regarded as borrowing their ascension channel.
Hua Tianming ignored Luo Xi Xuan's doubts …
He placed one hand on the scabbard and slowly pushed it open, revealing the bright blade within.
"This sword was actually not prepared for you …" Hua Tianming pulled the scabbard out halfway and said with a smile, "So, if you have the strength, you can force me to draw this sword.
After Hua Tianming said this, everyone was stunned.
Did he mean that he did not intend to draw his sword in front of Luo Xi Xuan?
Moreover, not only did he say this, but he also did it. The sword that he had pulled out halfway was slowly retracted!
He was facing a Dao Child! And a Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
"This guy, where did he get the confidence to say this to Luo Xi Xuan?"
"What Cloud Hall? What kind of broken faction is it? There doesn't seem to be such a faction in the universe! "
"This guy is doomed. He's probably going to be tortured to death by Luo Xi Xuan …"

Chapter 1326
In the eyes of many cultivators, Hua Tianming's actions were tantamount to extreme arrogance.
However, Luo Zheng just smiled and nodded slightly. He was very clear about Hua Tianming's nature.
This guy didn't know what arrogance was, but since he said so, he must be confident.
Although a Dao Child was an extremely powerful existence, no one stipulated that a Dao Child was necessarily invincible.
Becoming a Dao Child only meant mastering the Divine Path and comprehending the mysterious Dao Essence contained in the Great Dao. Although the Dao Essence was incomparably powerful and surpassed the limits of the Heavenly Dao, it didn't mean there was no way to break it …
Back when Hua Tianming was just a Xiantian Secret Realm cultivator, he was also like this. Who would have thought that ten years later, he would still be like this.
From this, it could be seen that many people's personalities were innate. Even if they experienced tempering, it only made them sharper, but in the end, their nature could not be changed.
However, when Luo Xi Xuan heard Hua Tianming's words, she showed a faint smile.
She wasn't angry …
On the contrary, when she looked at Hua Tianming, there was a strange look in her eyes.
There were many geniuses in the Demi-Immortal Clan. It could be said that any cultivator who could join the Demi-Immortal Clan would be a Core Disciple in any Tenth Grade Holy Land, but in the Demi-Immortal Clan, they could only be the tail of a phoenix.
Luo Xi Xuan had never fought, or rather, she had never fought with a cultivator of the same generation …
However, all the cultivators of the same generation in the Demi-Immortal Clan would always show a cautious look when they saw her, and there was even a hint of fear hidden within that caution.
She didn't like this kind of look.
After growing up, Luo Xi Xuan also understood her background. Although from the outside, she was very strong and had amazing perception, and even obtained the title of Golden Rakshasa in the Demi-Immortal Clan.
However, she knew that when others looked at her, they treated her like a monster.
That caution and politeness were mixed with a sense of alienation, making it difficult for her to get close to others.
Therefore, the only person who accompanied her as she grew up was her Honoured Master, followed by endless loneliness. In just twenty years, this little girl had lived alone as a companion, but in her heart, she longed to interact with others normally.
She even often wished that she was an ordinary person. How good would it be?
Like an ordinary girl, she grew up in a boudoir and was doted on by her parents. After she got married, she married a loyal and diligent husband and lived a peaceful life that was not long.
Unfortunately, her fate was destined to be extraordinary from the very beginning.
After being sent to the Demi-Immortals, no one spoke to her. Instead, she was placed in the Thunderclap Realm, where she was nourished by the Extreme Yin Sage Lightning. Slowly, she grew up surrounded by boundless lightning ….
If other experts had heard Hua Tianming's words, they would have snorted disdainfully. Since he didn't intend to draw his sword, then he shouldn't blame others for eliminating him.
However, after Luo Xi Xuan thought about it for a while, her brush-like eyelashes blinked and a very strong interest appeared on her face as she smiled and said, "Is that so? You want me to force you to draw your sword? That sounds interesting! "
When Hua Tianming heard this reply, he was slightly taken aback. No matter what, this was not interesting at all.
However, he still gently waved the scabbard and said indifferently, "You can make your move now …"
"Yes!"
Luo Xi Xuan nodded vigorously. When she took a step forward, a flash of lightning instantly flashed in her eyes.
"Pa!"
Accompanied by the crisp sound of lightning, her long purple hair suddenly straightened and fluttered wildly like the hair of a Demonic Beast ….
At the same time, the lightning around Luo Xi Xuan surged like liquid.
It was actually golden lightning!
As the lightning slowly intertwined, it formed a page, a page as tall as a person.
And it was within this thunder page that revealed an extremely powerful Dao. This was the Dao of the Profound Thunder Divine Way!
Other cultivators might have been intimidated and suppressed by the Dao of the Profound Thunder Divine Way ….
However, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly narrowed and his eyelids began to twitch violently.
"This is … the Sanskrit page!"
When Qinglong had just awakened and communicated with him, he had asserted that his Weapon Body was probably the only one in the universe.
However, Qinglong had not explained the reason behind it ….
After communicating with him, Luo Zheng gradually came to understand that his Weapon Body might not have been due to the Divine Flame Cauldron.
The Divine Flame Cauldron was admittedly a strange cauldron passed down from the God Realm, and the Divine Flame it contained was of great help to Luo Zheng. However, what truly made him was that Sanskrit page.
So far, every time Luo Zheng was tempered by the True Fire, the Sanskrit text would transform into countless golden vortexes that helped Luo Zheng absorb the power of the True Fire and temper his body ….
It was also through this absorption and tempering that Luo Zheng was able to reach this step today.
But where did that golden Sanskrit page come from? Why did it have such an effect? Luo Zheng had no way of knowing, nor could he get an answer from Qinglong.
The golden page condensed from golden lightning in front of him was very similar to the page Luo Zheng had absorbed in the past.
"This woman also has such a page, but her page is formed from lightning." Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the Sanskrit page, his eyes constantly flickering. If there was a chance, he would naturally think of a way to inquire about it.
However, the battle between her and Hua Tianming was an elimination battle, and only one person could survive. If she lost, Luo Zheng was afraid that he would have to go to the Heavenly Immortal Clan.
"What a strong Profound Thunder Dao Connotation …."
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had always had an indifferent expression, had a grave expression on his face when he felt the Dao Essence.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a great master, and the Divine Dao he cultivated was very special. Even when facing the other Dao Children, it was difficult for him to be so dignified.
"One move, humph …. That human warrior should not be able to withstand one move in front of Luo Xi Xuan."
"That guy is probably the same as Nu Feng of the Demon Clan. No matter whether he can win or not, he should brag first …."
"Unfortunately, he will lose in the end. Bragging like this will not do him any good."
Many warriors had such an evaluation ….
Luo Xi Xuan slowly stepped forward, and the Sanskrit page was like a door, standing in front of her. When she stepped past, all the Sanskrit characters were like a curtain, sticking to her body. The difference was that the curtain would slide to the sides, but the Sanskrit characters stuck to the surface of Luo Xi Xuan's body one by one.
"Zi zi …."
Luo Zheng's Sanskrit characters turned into a golden vortex.
Luo Xi Xuan's Sanskrit characters released fine lightning, like small spiders, lying on her face, neck, arms, and body ….
Then Luo Xi Xuan smiled gently at Hua Tianming, raised her arm slightly, and stretched out her index finger towards Hua Tianming, and then pointed it to the ground.
"Pa …."
"Ten Directions, Thunder Annihilation …."
When she finished speaking, a smile appeared on her face again, and at the same time, she said, "If you don't draw your sword, I'm afraid you won't have the chance to do so …."
Then, on the chessboard of heaven and earth, countless purple lightning balls appeared one after another.
These lightning balls seemed to have the power to destroy the world, and the moment they appeared, they quickly gathered towards Hua Tianming!
Facing these rolling lightning balls, Hua Tianming's eyes showed no fear. He just gently stabbed the long sword in the scabbard towards the ground.
"Your Thunder Element Law … is very strong, and the Dao Connotation it contains has already surpassed the scope of this chessboard of heaven and earth." As he spoke, a faint smile appeared on his face, "I know that the essential difference between a Dao Child and a Heaven's Pride is Dao Connotation. If I take away your Dao Connotation, your strength will be no different from an ordinary Heaven's Pride …."
"For others, Dao Connotation is almost impossible to block," Hua Tianming shook his head slightly, "but for me, it has almost no effect."
After speaking, Hua Tianming leaned on the long sword, and a little bit of Sword Intent slowly floated out from the scabbard.
Hua Tianming did not activate Sword Intent at all, but Sword Intent overflowed by itself ….
When Luo Zheng saw the Sword Intent, he finally understood where Hua Tianming's confidence came from.
He also did not expect that Hua Tianming would actually comprehend Ultimate Sword Intent in these few years.
Ultimate Sword Intent had become a kind of limit in the chessboard of heaven and earth. Advancing just a little bit was surpassing this chessboard of heaven.
Therefore, to a certain extent, Hua Tianming could also be regarded as a Dao Child ….
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1327
After Luo Zheng took out the Sacred Massacre Spear, many warriors had solemn expressions on their faces.
The Sacred Massacre Spear was said to be the most powerful weapon in the universe, the top three supreme divine weapons on the Universe Myriad Spirit Stele, and the symbol of the Demon Night Clan …
But wasn't Luo Zheng a sword cultivator?
Why did he suddenly change to a spear?
Luo Zheng hadn't stayed in the Upper Domain for long, but many people had already dug up the things that happened in the Alliance. Luo Zheng's performance in the Torch Inheritance had also gradually spread.
This could also be deliberately released by the Alliance to prove to the other races in the universe that Luo Zheng came from another race in the Alliance.
But Luo Zheng didn't care what others thought.
When he stabbed with the spear, the Sacred Massacre Spear returned to his Sumeru Ring …
Many living beings in the universe had long heard of Luo Zheng's name, but this was the first time they saw Luo Zheng fight with their own eyes.
Although Luo Zheng had also killed Nu Feng, the prodigy of the Demon Race with a single spear strike, the Sacred Massacre Spear was very famous in the universe. Many people attributed the credit to the Sacred Massacre Spear instead of his true strength.
When Luo Zheng returned to mid-air again and stepped on a black chess piece, a white chess piece floated slowly towards Luo Zheng not far away.
On this white chess piece stood a Demon Night Clan lady with slender legs. This lady had a quiet and elegant aura. Compared to the other Demon Night Clan ladies, she was less lively and lively, but she was more dignified and quiet.
When she floated beside Luo Zheng, she stared at him and said, "Friend, please return the Sacred Massacre Spear to the Demon Night Clan. This is a sacred item of the Demon Night Clan."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression that seemed like a smile yet not a smile …
He knew that the Sacred Massacre Spear was very important to the Demon Night Clan, but this was the Dream Battlefield.
This Sacred Massacre Spear wasn't the real thing. It was just an illusory projection. However, Luo Zheng could very likely bring the Sacred Massacre Spear out of the Dream Battlefield through that mark. He wanted to give Xun a surprise when he returned.
However, this lady before him actually wanted him to return it? How could he choose to return it?
Not only did he not return it, but he also stared at the lady with a smile. "Just because this spear is a sacred item of your clan, I should return it to you?"
Not only did the lady not refute Luo Zheng's words, but she also nodded her head. "This spear is a sacred item of the Demon Night Clan. I should naturally return it."
"Are you an idiot? This Sacred Massacre Spear is just a projection from the Dream Battlefield. It isn't the real Sacred Massacre Spear. "Xi Youqin couldn't help but step on a chess piece to block the lady from the Demon Night Clan.
The lady from the Demon Night Clan smiled faintly. "Of course I know that. However, I also know that you've been to the Karma Hall. This Sacred Massacre Spear has already been smeared with a mark, so you can bring it out. Do you really intend to give it to Xun?"
Luo Zheng slightly furrowed his brows when he heard the lady from the Demon Night Clan.
The lady's reaction was very strange …
All the members of the Demon Night Clan would address the three Kings as' Our King '.
Even the members of the Demon Night Clan, who were hostile to Xun, didn't dare to be disrespectful.
However, this lady from the Demon Night Clan called Xun by her real name?
Who was she?
Luo Zheng sneered coldly. "I took this Sacred Massacre Spear from the hands of a warrior from your Demon Night Clan. Of course, I intend to give it to Xun and return it to you. Who do you think you are?"
The lady from the Demon Night Clan wasn't angry when she heard Luo Zheng's words. Instead, she stared at Luo Zheng with a faint smile. "There will be a time when we fight. At that time, you will return it to me."
Then, she stepped on the white chess piece and fluttered to the other side.
Luo Zheng was puzzled when he heard that there was a hidden meaning in the lady's words. Who was this lady? What did she mean?
"This lady is the Dao Child of the Demon Night Clan — Qing Yu." A Human Clan's genius explained to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had never heard of such a person in the Demon Night Clan.
However, he had never been to the Demon Night Clan before, so he didn't know much about the geniuses in the clan.
At that moment, the Human Clan's warrior continued, "Actually, this Dao Child called Qing Yu is very strange. I've never heard of her before. The Demon Night Clan has a Dao Child with a Mahayana Lotus in full bloom. This lady seemed to have appeared out of nowhere."
"Appeared out of nowhere?" Luo Zheng stared in the direction that Qing Yu had left, and his brows furrowed slightly.
"Hehe, the nurturing of a Dao Child requires a huge amount of money and resources. I've never heard of such a Dao Child in the Demon Night Clan a few years ago. Now that she has suddenly appeared, she must have appeared out of nowhere …" The Human Clan's genius was quite knowledgeable, so he helped Luo Zheng analyze the situation.
No matter who she is? Is she planning to force me to return the Sacred Massacre Spear to her in battle?
That's not realistic …
The battle on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard won't be life-threatening. What does she want to use to force me to return the Sacred Massacre Spear? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
As he thought about it, his gaze fell on Qing Yu, and his heart sank. He was afraid that this matter had something to do with Xun, so it was better to wait and see.
That huge jade-like hand was still grabbing the chess pieces one by one and pressing them onto the chessboard of heaven and earth. Round after round of battles continued to unfold without stopping.
Even though 300 geniuses wasn't a large number, it was still extremely time-consuming for them to battle one after another.
Ever since Luo Zheng had entered the Heaven and Earth Chessboard once, he didn't have a chance to participate in the following battles … On the contrary, Xi Youqin had participated twice, and each time, she had won with the Little Purple River Sword Formation. Facing the geniuses, Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation was enough to deal with them.
In the 34th round, there were finally some martial artists who were eliminated.
It turned out that the black chess piece on the chessboard had sealed the living eyes of the white chess piece, and it had directly "eaten" the white chess piece. Under such circumstances, the white chess piece would be eliminated. At the same time, the warrior on the white chess piece could only give it his all. If he won, he would still be able to stay on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. If he lost, he would be eliminated.
In the end, the genius on the white chess piece was defeated, and he became the first warrior to be eliminated.
Even though Wind Fury was continuously defeated, the chess pieces under his feet were all living, so he wasn't eliminated.
In other words, when a chess piece was placed on the chessboard, if it was a living chess piece, the outcome of the battle wouldn't matter, and he wouldn't be eliminated.
However, if it was his own chess piece … it was a dead chess piece, or even a bunch of dead chess pieces. Under such circumstances, he could only give it his all. He could only win, and he couldn't lose. If he lost, he would definitely be eliminated …
(I'm too sleepy today, so I can only watch two updates.)

Chapter 1328
To begin cultivating the Law of Thunder, one had to place their True Essence on a weapon and shoot it out to subdue the enemy.
After reaching a certain level of mastery, one could surround their body with thunder and lightning, or even use thunder and lightning to temper their body, which was not difficult for a cultivator.
However, the power of thunder and lightning could only circulate in the internal organs without any major problems, but it could not be drawn into the brain …
The soul was fragile and could be damaged by thunder and lightning, so all cultivators who cultivated the Law of Thunder would isolate the power of thunder and lightning beneath their necks.
There were many cultivators who could control thunder and lightning in the universe, but under normal circumstances, no one would draw thunder and lightning into their mind, even if their soul was extremely strong and could withstand the torment of thunder and lightning …
But at this moment, Luo Xi Xuan had completely transformed herself into thunder …
This was different from Thunder Evasion, which used thunder and lightning as a movement technique, but only concealed oneself in thunder and lightning.
Thunder Evasion could greatly increase a cultivator's flying speed, but it did not mean that a cultivator could move forward with thunder and lightning; after all, the speed of thunder and lightning shuttled through space was immeasurable.
The Profound Thunder Realm was similar to the Divine Fire Realm in that there were many Law of Thunder creatures.
But so far, no one had ever heard of anyone capturing a Law of Thunder creature …
The reason was that these Law of Thunder creatures were almost all thunder and lightning incarnations. They came and went at the speed of a flash, so it was impossible to catch up to them.
In the records of the universe, there was an eminent monk from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm who owned a living being of the Law of Thunder. It was said that the living being of the Law of Thunder was not captured, but was converted by the eminent monk using the Great Buddhist Dharma and became the eminent monk's mount.
"If this Luo Xi Xuan completely transformed herself into thunder, wouldn't she also have the speed of a flash?"
"If she really had the speed of thunder, it would be impossible to react …"
"I underestimated this Luo Xi Xuan."
In an instant …
Nine hundred lives and deaths in an instant.
This was the limit of speed in the universe!
Whether it was light or thunder, they were all bound to this limit!
After completely transforming into thunder and lightning, Luo Xi Xuan floated up slightly, and even though her appearance was outlined by thunder and lightning, she still looked innocent and charming.
"I'm coming …"
Just as she spoke her last word, everyone saw a flash of thunder and lightning.
A long and narrow purple thunder turned into a long dragon that stretched across the chessboard, piercing through Hua Tianming's body and reaching the other end of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
This speed had exceeded the limit of vision …
"Pa!"
The speed of sound was, after all, several times slower than that of thunder and lightning. Only now did everyone hear the crisp sound of thunder.
When that voice rang in everyone's ears, Hua Tianming's hair was instantly disheveled, and a wound appeared on the side of his neck. The area around the wound was charred, and fresh blood flowed out!
"It's impossible to dodge at the speed of an instant …"
"Hua Tianming probably didn't even have time to react."
"To be honest, I can resist the power of thunder, but although Luo Xi Xuan has transformed into thunder, her attacks are not as simple as ordinary thunder. In this state, she should be invincible, right?"
Some of the sky-prides and even a few Daoists looked extremely solemn when they saw this scene.
Everyone was thinking about how to break Luo Xi Xuan's move.
However, among all the martial arts in the world, only speed was unbreakable.
This speed was already so fast that it could be broken in an instant. What else could he do?
Ji Luo Xue stared indifferently at Luo Xi Xuan on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth. A small ring appeared in her hand. That ring was formed from vital essence and contained the power of the Five Elements …
"After transforming into thunder, Luo Xi Xuan … is indeed extremely fast. However, if I use the power of the Five Elements to bind her, I have a way to restrain her, but it won't be easy …"
Although Ji Luo Xue was a sky-pride, she was one of the most powerful sky-prides. Moreover, unlike the other sky-prides, she had cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao from the beginning. Although she did not possess the essence of the Great Dao, she had comprehended most of the Five Elements Divine Dao. Her situation was very similar to Luo Zheng's; she was only one step away from stepping into the Divine Dao.
"I held back just now." After transforming into thunder, Luo Xi Xuan's voice was very ethereal, as if it was transmitted from a distant space. "Next time, if you still refuse to draw your sword, then you really won't have a chance … You won't be able to catch up to my speed. Even if you draw your sword now, it'll be useless."
The faint smile on Hua Tianming's face disappeared and was replaced by an extremely serious expression.
"Instant speed … is indeed very fast. This is the Purple Infernal Thunder Form of the Profound Thunder Divine Dao," Hua Tianming said seriously.
Upon hearing Hua Tianming's words, a trace of doubt flashed across Luo Xi Xuan's face. "You … know?"
Since ancient times, there had been very few people who had stepped into the Divine Dao, and each of the 3,000 Great Daos was different.
Only Luo Xi Xuan understood the various profound meanings of the Profound Thunder Divine Dao. She could only rely on herself to explore. Even the old patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Tribe could not give her any advice …
As for the Purple Infernal Thunder Form, it was only comprehended by Luo Xi Xuan herself. No one else knew about it.
However, how did Hua Tianming know the name of this profound meaning?
Hua Tianming did not answer Luo Xi Xuan's question. Instead, he continued, "However, you've only just become a Dao disciple. The Purple Infernal Thunder Form is ultimately unable to break through the speed of the universe. I … may not be unable to catch up!"
As soon as these words left his mouth, everyone thought that Hua Tianming had gone crazy again.
Others might not be able to recognize the Purple Infernal Thunder Form, but Luo Xi Xuan's speed after transforming into lightning was obvious to all. She had abandoned her physical body and transformed into pure lightning. Instant speed … yet someone said that he may not be unable to catch up!
Unless Hua Tianming could transform into lightning himself, it was impossible!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with curiosity. What method would Hua Tianming use to break Luo Xi Xuan's move?
"However, you do have the strength to make me draw my sword," Hua Tianming said. He held the scabbard with his left hand and placed it on his waist. His right hand held the hilt of the sword in reverse. His body was slightly bent, but he still did not draw his sword.
Seeing Hua Tianming's actions, a happy smile bloomed on Luo Xi Xuan's face. "Very good … then, it's over!"
If Hua Tianming did not draw his sword no matter what, even if she defeated him, Luo Xi Xuan's thoughts would not be clear.
At this moment, seeing that Hua Tianming was willing to face her and seemed to be going all out, she was relieved. She wanted to make Hua Tianming accept his defeat wholeheartedly.
A bolt of lightning suddenly flashed across the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
However, she did not immediately rush towards Hua Tianming. Instead, she circled around the Heaven and Earth Chessboard and flickered. Every time she flickered, a purple lightning mark would be left in everyone's eyes. Then, everyone heard the rumbling of thunder.
She dashed left and right, but was unwilling to get close to Hua Tianming …
"She can finish off Hua Tianming in one move. What is Luo Xi Xuan doing?"
"Why do I feel like she's afraid?"
"How is that possible … Hua Tianming's posture is just the most ordinary Sword Drawing Technique. This Sword Drawing Technique is only an ordinary martial skill. Its speed is indeed fast, but how fast can it be?"
Everyone was extremely puzzled …
In fact, Luo Xi Xuan, who had turned into a bolt of lightning, was also very depressed at this moment.
She was very strange …
With her speed, Hua Tianming's eyes would not be able to follow her.
However, from the beginning, she had a strange feeling that Hua Tianming was staring at her. No matter how fast she was, this guy's gaze would always be able to catch up to her!
Therefore, she did not immediately rush up to end the battle because she instinctively felt a trace of danger.
However, as she circled around the chessboard, even if she circled behind Hua Tianming and Hua Tianming's back was completely facing her, she still felt that gaze.
This gaze made Luo Xi Xuan feel a little uneasy, and also made her feel very uncomfortable …
"Pa …"
"Pa …"
"Pa …"
Under the constant shuttling, Luo Xi Xuan also felt a trace of irritation.
The Purple Abyss Thunder Form also consumed a lot of True Essence. After turning her body into lightning, she needed a constant supply of True Essence. The True Essence sea in her body was like a receding tide, rapidly decreasing.
She had to make a decision immediately …
Thinking of this, she suddenly moved three times on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. The three purple lightning bolts formed a triangle and surrounded Hua Tianming.
However, she did not rush in from the front. Instead, she circled behind Hua Tianming, shuttled through the air, and pounced towards the back of his head …
"Pa!"
Killing Hua Tianming would only take an instant.
However, at this moment, Hua Tianming pulled out the sword in his hand …
A faint light emitted from under his feet. He stepped on the light, and a snow-white sword light flashed in his hand.
"Absolute Step …"

Chapter 1329
When Hua Tianming had first made it into the top 10,000, the sacred land's Sacred Lord had been overjoyed.
As a major faction of the Human Race, Deities Without Thought was essentially four massive divine nations, and the four great clans were the emperors of Deities Without Thought.
The subordinate sacred lands could only be considered subjects of the four great clans. In terms of structure, they were completely different from the Human Dao Alliance.
Because of this, all the resources would be tilted to the four great clans, and all the resources would be distributed by the four great clans.
The fact that a Rank 10 sacred land had nurtured a genius in the top 10,000 had completely exceeded the Sacred Lord's expectations. In the future, he would definitely be able to use this to obtain even more resources and rewards from the four great clans.
However, they had never imagined that Hua Tianming wouldn't stop at the top 10,000 …
He had entered the second stage …
He had entered the final stage of the game and had become a variable on the chessboard of this world.
This scene made many of the martialists in the Rank 10 sacred lands burst with joy.
Even the Holy Lords of the other two Rank 10 Holy Lands were attracted over.
Unfortunately, the black chess piece under Hua Tianming's feet hadn't landed since the beginning. This made them look forward to Hua Tianming's move even more.
However, they had never imagined that Hua Tianming's first move would be an elimination game.
They had never imagined that Hua Tianming's opponent would be Luo Xixuan!
Luo Xixuan of the Sky Immortal Clan, the favored child of the Sky Immortal Clan, the daughter of lightning …
The sky-prides here all had a legendary story to tell.
Luo Xixuan's background was especially bizarre.
There was a realm in the universe called the Mysterious Thunder Realm. This realm was filled with the violent power of lightning.
For countless years, no one had ever set foot in it.
It wasn't that they were afraid of the power of lightning. In fact, the more strange and dangerous a place was, the higher the possibility of obtaining opportunities. Often, countless martialists would seek opportunities to become stronger in order to find them.
For example, the Divine Flame Realm was like this. The Divine Flame Realm wasn't suitable for living beings, but many martialists risked their lives to enter it in order to obtain the treasures in the Divine Flame Realm.
The risks and rewards were often directly proportional.
However, the Mysterious Thunder Realm was special. A Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast was sealed in this realm.
It was said that this Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast was jointly sealed by six Empyreans 80 million years ago. Moreover, they relied on an Empyrean's Mandate of Heaven, the 'Demon Sealing Mandate', to seal this Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast.
It was precisely because of the existence of this seal that no one could escape into the Mysterious Thunder Realm.
But twenty-two years ago, the seal shattered.
One had to know that the Demon Sealing Mandate was set up using the Demon Sealing Mandate. In theory, this seal represented the strongest seal in the universe. After all, it was set up by borrowing the rules of the Heavenly Dao.
The shattering of the seal meant that the Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast had broken free of the seal. It also meant that it had obtained a power that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
At that time, this matter shook the entire universe.
It even caused many people to cry out in alarm. The crisis of the Great Era War had arrived in advance!
The crisis was naturally this Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast.
This crisis quickly attracted the attention of many races in the universe.
Whether it was the human race, the Empyrean race, or the demon race's Empyreans, they all immediately went to the Mysterious Thunder Realm to investigate the situation.
But after investigating again and again, they discovered an accident.
The seal of the Mysterious Thunder Realm had indeed been broken.
But the Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast was still sealed inside. Only an extremely small part of the seal had been broken, so small that it could be ignored …
But as they continued to investigate, they discovered an astonishing matter.
This seal had been broken by a three-year-old little girl!
This little girl had actually broken the seal on her own and walked out of that damned place filled with all sorts of lightning laws!
At that time, Luo Xixuan had only been three years old.
After realizing that this woman was not ordinary, many races began to fight over her.
In the end, she had fallen into the hands of the Empyrean race, and the girl had been named Luo Xixuan.
Her background was mysterious, and it caused a heated discussion in the universe. However, it gradually died down in the end.
Because after she had entered the Empyrean race, there had been no news of her …
But a year before the Dreamrealm Battlefield had opened, the Heavenly Law Clan had announced that there were two Dao Children in the clan. One was Jiang Zhengyi, and the other was Luo Xixuan.
Although no one had seen how strong this girl was, no one suspected that she was a Dao Child.
In this world, there were always some people born extraordinary.
Luo Xixuan was one of those people born extraordinary.
"Sigh, why did Hua Tianming's first opponent turn out to be someone from the Empyrean race? And it's even Luo Xixuan!"
"This Luo Xixuan is only as powerful as the rumors say, but she might not be able to defeat Hua Tianming …"
"Haha, the Empyrean race … Any random genius can become a supporting disciple of our Holy Land. Luo Xixuan is a Dao Child of the Empyrean race, the most powerful person in the younger generation. How could she be weak?"
Many cultivators in the Rank 10 Holy Land couldn't help but sigh.
Now that Hua Tianming had entered the top three hundred, wouldn't it be great if he could enter the top ten and obtain a Godhead Disk?
But now, it was a pity. Why was he so unlucky?
Luo Xixuan lightly jumped down from the chess piece and looked at the chessboard beneath her feet. Her faint purple eyes swept across the opposite side and landed on the heroic face of Hua Tianming. A faint smile appeared on her face.
"Empyrean Realm, Luo Xixuan," she said indifferently.
At this moment, Luo Xixuan didn't look special at all. It was as if she was just an ordinary person, and she gave off the feeling of a girl next door.
At the same time, Hua Tianming also stepped forward and slowly walked down from the black chess piece. Then, he took out the longsword on his back.
The longsword was wrapped in a layer of sackcloth. Hua Tianming placed the sword on the ground and slowly untied the sackcloth.
Some cultivators would take advantage of this opportunity to attack.
But Luo Xixuan wouldn't.
Hua Tianming also knew that she wouldn't.
After completely untying the sackcloth, a sword appeared. It looked like a very ordinary sword. The sword was still hidden in the scabbard, and he didn't pull it out.
Holding the sword hilt, Hua Tianming stood up. "Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming."
"Hmm?" Luo Xixuan tilted her head, her eyes revealing a puzzled look.
What the hell was Cloud Hall?
At the same time, the Nine Palace Masters in the Jade Clear Holy Land stared at Ning Yudie. Hearing it from Hua Tianming's mouth, it once again verified Ning Yudie's previous words.
Ning Yudie just smiled slightly, but her expression was as if it was natural.
Ever since Hua Tianming showed his brilliance in the battle against the Heavenly Evil Sect, he was put in an important position by the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie naturally understood this person's character. As a swordsman, he was an extremely principled person. He had never left the Cloud Hall, so in theory, he had always been a member of the Cloud Hall …
Back then, Ning Yudie had also secretly observed Hua Tianming. If there were no major accidents, when Hua Tianming's cultivation was sufficient, he could be promoted to the position of Hall Master.
However, Hua Tianming's ambition was not in the Cloud Hall, nor in the Central Region. He had a greater ambition.
Ever since he left the Central Region, he had been missing. Only when Ning Yudie came here did she know that Hua Tianming had actually ascended and possessed such strength.
As for the tenth grade holy land of Gods Without Thought, when they heard Hua Tianming's answer, there was an uproar and many people were dissatisfied.
However, dissatisfaction was useless. They were not of much help to Hua Tianming. At most, they could only be considered to have borrowed their ascension passage.
Hua Tianming ignored Luo Xixuan's doubts.
He placed one hand on the scabbard and slowly pushed it open, revealing the snow-white blade within.
"This sword was actually not prepared for you …" Hua Tianming pulled the scabbard out halfway and said with a smile, "So, if you have the strength, you can force me to draw this sword.
When Hua Tianming said this, everyone was stunned.
From what he said, he did not intend to draw his sword against Luo Xixuan?
Moreover, not only did he say this, but he also did it. Originally, he had drawn the sword halfway, but he slowly pulled it back!
He was facing a Daoist! Moreover, it was a Daoist of the Sky Immortal Clan!
"What gives this guy the confidence to say such words to Luo Xixuan?"
"What Cloud Hall? What kind of lousy force is that? There doesn't seem to be such a force in the universe! "
"This guy is doomed. He's probably going to be tortured to death by Luo Xixuan …"

Chapter 1330
Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard. His eyes met with Hua Tianming's, and he nodded slightly. He was also looking forward to it.
He could see that the current Hua Tianming had been reborn and could not be mentioned in the same breath as that person in the past. If he and Hua Tianming fought, the outcome would still be decided …
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng was thinking about another problem.
If the evolution of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard symbolized the fate of the universe …
Then what did Hua Tianming defeating Luo Xi Xuan of the Demi-Immortal Clan mean?
Looking at the current Heaven and Earth Chessboard, all the chess pieces were in a mess, each occupying their own territory …
This scene made Luo Zheng fall into deep thought.
There were many people in the universe who were calculating this chess game.
The large dragon formed by the first white chess piece was almost like a piece of iron that could not be broken.
However, not long after, the white chess pieces, which were fixed numbers, made a series of bad moves, giving the black chess pieces a chance to take advantage of the situation.
The current state of the chessboard could be considered a mess. Whether it was fixed numbers or variables, each of them occupied a small stronghold. On the contrary, because of this, the game seemed to be in a deadlock.
"This chess game symbolizes the current situation of the universe!"
"From what I can see, that huge dragon is referring to the human race in the past!"
"Very likely! Only the human race is as prosperous as the big dragon and almost unified the whole world! "
Many experts began to deduce based on their own understanding of what was happening …
In the early days, the war in the universe was carried out around races.
The hundreds of races in the universe formed their own groups, and the enemies they faced were not of the same race!
This war between the races lasted for hundreds of millions of years.
In the end, the human race won. Under the leadership of Celestial Venerable Wang Ding, the human race created the "golden age" of the human race!
If the human race continued to prosper, the other races in the entire universe would not have a chance to survive …
However, 30 million years after the golden age, the human race had internal strife!
In fact, the human race was not a monolithic block to begin with. As the oldest forces, the four great clans had always maintained their ruling position, which was equivalent to the position of a Divine Nation.
Because of this internal strife, Celestial Venerable Wang Ding was killed, followed by the rise of Celestial Venerables in the Original Sin Sky Realm and the Divine Realm. The originally monolithic human race fell apart and split into three major forces, which were the present day Human Alliance, Gods Without Thought, and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
These forces had been maintained to this day.
It was also because of the entanglement between the three major forces that the human race's expansion had slowed. On the other hand, the rise of the demon race and demon race continued to rise.
It was not wrong to compare the dragon on the chessboard of the human race …
Clap …
Two more chess pieces pieces on the chessboard.
The battle on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard continued …
Against the Night's battle against the prodigy of the Night!
After the Battle's prodigy, the prodigy's's,
The's, the demon prodigy's prodigy …...
Eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated his eliminated eliminated to be eliminated to kill '' ''s..' '
Round after round of battles, the situation on the chessboard became more and more complicated.
The number of martial artists standing on the chess pieces gradually decreased as they were slowly eliminated.
Of course, they were unwilling to be eliminated, but they were limited by their strength. However, those who were eliminated were not left empty-handed. After all, they had the strengthening reward from the statue. That reward alone was quite astonishing.
Several hours later …..
Luo Zheng was caught by a jade-like hand, and the black chess piece at his feet was pressed onto the chessboard.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was facing a situation of elimination!
In a normal battle, winning or losing wouldn't result in elimination. Many people would simply admit defeat.
However, in the face of an elimination round, every prodigy took it very seriously. In an elimination round, one would fight to the death.
"Finally, there's an elimination round. Who will my opponent be?"
Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard and looked up at the sky ….
Another jade-like hand reached out from the thick clouds and moved toward the white chess piece!
A smile appeared on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face when he saw the hand moving toward him. His eyes revealed a faint look of anticipation.
"Is it my turn?"
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, he only had two or three opponents ….
Lie Qianhan was one of them. Previously, Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been assigned to the same great realm, and they had even fought once. He had been unintentionally tricked by Lie Qianhan and had been brooding over it. That was why Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was originally ranked first, had rapidly fallen in rank. He had to get revenge for this.
Ji Luoxue was also an opponent. Although she was only a prodigy, she cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao and was not much weaker than a Daoist.
If his opponent was Luo Zheng, it wouldn't be too bad.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was just an extremely lucky ascender. His strength was clearly average, but he had a woman like Xi Youqin by his side. He also didn't know where he had gotten a divine weapon like the Demon Night Clan's Holy Massacre Spear. He felt a little disappointed.
Eliminating Luo Zheng was a good choice. When he thought of this, a faint smile appeared on his face.
The Holy Massacre Spear was indeed powerful, but Luo Zheng's spear technique was very ordinary. After observing for a long time, Luo Zheng's weapon of choice was not a spear.
However …
The jade-like hand that descended from the sky directly passed through Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and finally landed behind him.
Behind Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a very bashful woman from the Human Clan.
This girl and Xuanyuan Chenfeng were old friends. At the same time, she had a good relationship with Ji Luoxue. She was the prodigy of the Ji Clan, Ji Liansheng.
The surname Ji was actually derived from the surname Ji. In the beginning, the Ji Clan and the Ji Clan were one clan.
Now, Gods Without Thought was the most powerful force in the human race.
Among the four great clans, there were two prodigies. They were Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan, and below them were Ji Luoxue and Ji Liansheng.
Although these two girls were prodigies of the two great clans, regardless of whether it was the Ji Clan or the Ji Clan, they both had cultivation techniques of the Divine Dao. Their abilities were comparable to that of a Dao Disciple.
During the great war between the four clans of Gods Without Thought, the young prodigies of the four great clans were ranked. Xuanyuan Chenfeng was first, Lie Qianhan was second, and Ji Luoxue was third …
At that time, Ji Liansheng was slightly weaker than Ji Luoxue and was ranked fourth.
"It's me …" Ji Liansheng pouted.
"Don't be nervous. That Luo Zheng may have some abilities, but he is not your opponent," Lie Qianhan said with a cold smile.
The four great clans were of the same branch and had a good relationship with each other.
They also knew Ji Liansheng's character very well. Although she was a very shy girl and did not have any confidence in dealing with people, her own abilities could not be ignored!
"Yes, this guy is only relying on the Holy Spear. As far as I know, you are not afraid of such methods at all," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said with a smile.
"But …" Before Ji Liansheng could finish speaking, the hand had already grabbed the chess piece at her feet and placed it on the chessboard.
"Pa!"
After the chess piece was placed on the chessboard, Ji Liansheng clasped her lapel and stepped onto the chessboard bashfully.
At this moment, in Gods Without Thought, Ji Family …
All the members of the Ji Family focused their attention on Ji Liansheng.
"Ji Liansheng's opponent is actually Luo Zheng?"
"Her luck is not bad. Although Luo Zheng is powerful, he should not have the ability to fight against a Dao Disciple."
"He should not have stepped into the Divine Path, while Ji Liansheng is half a step into the Dream Realm. However, when the Emerald Dream Realm is used, Luo Zheng should not be able to resist at all!"
Now, only Ji Liansheng was standing in the picture scroll of the Ji Family. The battle in front of them was an elimination battle, so they naturally paid close attention!
However, the opponent was actually Luo Zheng. This indeed surprised them. Although they were surprised, Ji Liansheng should be able to deal with it …
In the eyes of many people in the universe, Luo Zheng should have the strength of a Heaven's Chosen. Although he had killed Nu Feng of the Demon Clan, he had not relied on his own strength, but the advantage of his weapon.
However, no matter how powerful the Holy Spear of Slaughter was, it should not have much effect on Ji Liansheng.
All the martial artists of the Ji Family were very optimistic …
However, the only person who was frowning was Ji Nan.
Ji Nan did not persist through the second stage of elimination. At this moment, she had already left the Illusory Battlefield and returned to the Ji Family. Naturally, she was here to watch the battle on the chessboard.
"Oh no, Sister's opponent is actually Luo Zheng …"

Chapter 1331
Although Ji Nan was worried, she did not show it on her face …
As a member of the Ji Family, how could she destroy her own family's prestige and boost the morale of others?
"Meow …"
The little flame kitten in her hand whimpered softly.
She had entered the Karma Hall but only managed to clone a little flame kitten. Because of this, she had been severely reprimanded by her father. How could she dare to say anything now?
In short, the Ji Family was still very optimistic at this moment.
Huan Yu's current estimate of Luo Zheng's strength was that of a prodigy. However, Ji Luoxue and Ji Liansheng were at the peak of the prodigies. They had strength similar to that of a Daozi and could also use their Dao. Luo Zheng was still far from being a match for them!
The only troublesome thing was that Holy Spear of Massacre …
The chess piece gently landed on a star on the chessboard.
As the piece was placed, Ji Liansheng saw Luo Zheng not far away. She pursed her lips slightly and gently tugged at her long skirt. She carefully jumped down from the chess piece like a flowing stream. Her face was slightly red.
Anyone could tell that she was a little nervous.
"Hello …"
Ji Liansheng nodded slightly at Luo Zheng as a form of greeting.
Those who didn't know Ji Liansheng had a baffled expression on their faces …
This woman did not look like she was about to enter the arena. She looked like she was going on a blind date. Did she need to be so polite and nervous?
However, Ji Liansheng was Ji Liansheng. Those who knew her also knew that people like Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng were used to it. She had always been like this.
Shy and reserved, she often made people feel puzzled …
However, her true strength was unreasonably strong.
"Hello." Luo Zheng was surprised to see her greeting him like this.
However, he had to be respectful when others were polite. At the same time, he cupped his fists and bowed to her!
"Do, do you like peach blossoms …" Ji Liansheng became even more nervous. Her face flushed.
Xi Youqin, who was standing on the chess piece, pursed her lips. "This woman is crazy. What does she mean by asking this? And why is she so shy!"
Beside her, Hua Tianming only wore a smile on his face and didn't say anything.
This time, Luo Zheng was speechless. However, he still smiled and said patiently, "Peach blossoms falling like red rain. Of course, I like it …"
"Yes!" Ji Liansheng pursed her lips and nodded. "I like it too …"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and stared at the beautiful woman. "And then?"
"Then …" Ji Liansheng thought, she continued, "I like peach blossoms because I have a dream not long ago. I can share it with you!"
"Share what?"
"My Dream!"
As she spoke, Ji Liansheng's.
A wisp of pink True Yuan poured out from her hand.
That True Essence formed a faint whirlpool in the air and suddenly enveloped the entire chessboard ….
In an instant, the entire chessboard was dyed with a magnificent pink color.
It was Ji Liansheng's dream.
There was a wise man in ancient times who entered the Divine Dao in a dream.
That was not a legend, but a fact.
That wise man was called Jiumo Luohan.
He was from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm. However, at that time, the Human Clan was not divided, so the Buddhist Sect was not called the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm.
When Jiumo Luohan became a Dao Disciple, he was only a Divine Realm warrior.
Jiumo Luohan wanted to enter the most famous Hidden Spirit Temple, but he couldn't find a place to enter. Hidden Spirit Temple was still the highest level temple in Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, and ordinary cultivators weren't qualified to enter.
At that time, Jiumo Luohan's talent was average, so he was not qualified.
However, he believed that sincerity could move metal and stone, so he was not willing to leave easily.
After praying for so many years and not being able to enter, there were probably millions of such cultivators in front of the Hidden Spirit Temple's gates.
One day, Jiumo Luohan suddenly felt sleepy, so he fell asleep in front of the Hidden Spirit Temple.
Not only did he fall asleep, but he also began to dream. The true essence in his body circulated and slowly spread out, outlining his dream.
When the Hidden Spirit Temple found someone sleeping here, they naturally wanted to drive him away.
However, anyone who got close to Jiumo Luohan was trapped in his dream. They could not get close to Jiumo Luohan or leave the dream.
In the end, it attracted the attention of the experts in the Hidden Spirit Temple.
The experts did not know what was going on. After rescuing the warriors trapped in the dream, they ordered them not to get close to this person and left Jiumo Luohan in front of the mountain gate.
He slept for three hundred years.
The entire Human Clan knew that a warrior slept in front of the Hidden Spirit Temple and did not wake up.
That dream was sometimes a world of ice and snow, sometimes starlight shone, and sometimes fire burned the sky.
Jiumo Luohan cultivated in the dream. He comprehended the Dao in the dream.
After dreaming for three hundred years, he became a True God when he woke up.
The cultivation in the dream was actually superimposed on his body!
One Divine Dao was the Dream Divine Dao, which was the strongest Dao among the three thousand Great Daos.
Later, the Hidden Spirit Temple turned Jiumo Luohan into a sleeping arhat and created a huge statue for him. He had his own arhat position in the temple.
At this moment …
Luo Zheng was pulled into Ji Liansheng's Emerald Dream.
In this Emerald Dream, peach blossoms fell like a red rain. It was strangely beautiful.
"What a realistic dream!"
Even if Ji Liansheng told him that this was her dream, Luo Zheng could not distinguish it from reality.
Dream space …
He was originally in the Dream Battlefield.
Previously, Luo Zheng thought that this Dream Battlefield was too realistic. Perhaps the fifty great worlds were originally independent worlds in the universe.
Later, he saw that these great worlds were spaces created by the Heavenly Dao.
But the dream of this woman in front of him could reach such a level?
In this dream, Ji Liansheng's figure leisurely came, but there was a small wooden sword in her hand.
Seeing that strange woman, Luo Zheng became vigilant. He raised his hand, and the Sacred Slaughter Spear was already in his hand.
No matter what, he had stepped into this woman's dream. It was definitely not a good start.
In fact, almost everyone in the entire universe saw this dream. They saw the beautiful scenery of peach blossoms floating in that pink space.
However, there were very few people who could see through this dream.
What they saw was reality. They saw Ji Liansheng hugging her knees and resting her head on them. She had a faint smile on her face, and she had already entered the dream.
They also saw Luo Zheng lying on the ground and sleeping soundly. His sleeping posture was very ugly.
But those who could see through the dream probably did not number more than 500.
Only those Heavenly Venerables and a small number of Realm Lords could see this scene.
To be able to create such a Emerald Dream meant that Ji Liansheng was very close to the Dream Divine Dao.
In this Emerald Dream, Ji Liansheng was the ruler of the dream. In her dream, she was an omnipotent existence.
"This Luo Zheng's luck is bad. He actually met Ji Liansheng in the first elimination round."
"Ji Liansheng's dream is like the Heavenly Dao to the universe. She is an omnipotent existence. If Luo Zheng can't see through this dream, he won't be her match."
"Luo Zheng is in danger," Heavenly Venerate Cloud Fox said faintly.
Yun Luo, who was accompanying them, looked worried. Could it be that Luo Zheng was really going to be eliminated here?
The woman in front of him held the wooden sword in her hand and casually chopped at the peach blossoms as if she were taking a stroll.
But Luo Zheng's expression was unprecedentedly vigilant.
"Is she very beautiful …"
For some reason, this woman was originally shy and shy, but in his Emerald Dream Realm, she was natural and unrestrained. Her eyes were watery, and when she put on a peach blossom face, her gaze was casual and flirtatious. She was indeed very attractive!
"Is the person beautiful or the peach blossoms?" Luo Zheng asked faintly.
"Hehe …" Ji Liansheng covered her mouth and laughed. "Of course it's the peach blossoms …"
Luo Zheng suddenly raised the Holy Spear of Massacre and stared at Ji Liansheng calmly. "Both are very beautiful."
"How nice would it be to stay in this dream," Ji Liansheng said with a smile.
"Although this place is beautiful, it's still just a dream. Why would I linger on an illusion?" Luo Zheng replied seriously.
"But you have no choice," Ji Liansheng continued.
"Not necessarily!"
Actually, the moment Ji Liansheng set up the dream, the confrontation between the two had already begun.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stabbed out with his spear.
However, Ji Liansheng only extended her index finger and touched the tip of the spear.

Chapter 1332
This Sacred Spear of Massacre was the most powerful weapon in the universe!
However, in this Emerald Dream Realm, it was stopped by Ji Liansheng's finger!
The fingertip touched one of the two spears and was unable to move an inch forward!
"Pure strength is useless," Ji Liansheng said with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly focused. The power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly flowed out. He activated the power of 10,000 dragon scales almost instantly!
But it was still useless.
The spear tip touched Ji Liansheng's fingertip, but it didn't even scratch her fingertip!
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He stomped his feet and quickly retreated …
"Single Thought!"
At the same time, a huge spear shadow flew out!
Ordinary prodigies wouldn't be able to dodge this spear shadow and would be killed in one shot.
If Luo Zheng took this spear head on, he probably wouldn't be able to block it …
However …
A peach blossom slowly fell down, and coincidentally landed in front of Ji Liansheng, blocking the spear shadow.
"Pop!"
The peach blossom shattered …
The spear shadow that was produced by [A Thought Without Turning] was instantly annihilated.
"You're not my opponent in this dream realm," Ji Liansheng said as she continued to move forward.
This extremely beautiful woman was able to dominate everything in the Emerald Dream Realm.
She had this dream, she constructed the rules of this dream, she was the master of this dream realm …
How powerful was this Sacred Spear of Massacre? It could even destroy the Heavenly Dao rules of the Illusory Battlefield to a certain extent, but it couldn't hurt her fingertip!
"A pure attack … has no effect." Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. As he retreated, he was constantly thinking.
If he couldn't break this Emerald Dream Realm, he would definitely lose!
Would he be eliminated now?
Luo Zheng had never thought …
But how could he break such a realistic dream realm?
"This Emerald Dream Realm uses peach blossoms as a guide. I like it the most …" Ji Liansheng continued to approach Luo Zheng. "Actually, the moment you entered my dream realm, you already lost. Admit defeat!"
Luo Zheng retreated at an extremely fast speed.
However, Ji Liansheng only took one step and was already close to his side.
That wasn't because she had used the Law of Space. It was just the speed of a single step.
This speed not only exceeded the speed of an instant, but also exceeded common sense. After all, she was omnipotent in her own Emerald Dream Realm.
"I admit defeat." Ji Liansheng smiled sweetly.
How could Luo Zheng admit defeat?
At this moment, he directly stuffed the long spear into his Sumeru Ring and suddenly jumped up.
However, before Luo Zheng could lift his body, she gently waved her hand!
Bang!
It was as if an invisible hammer had hit Luo Zheng's body, causing him to fall from the sky!
"It's useless. You can't escape from my Emerald Dream." Ji Liansheng shook his head. "The scenery in this dream is beautiful. I don't want blood to spill and pollute my dream. You … admit defeat!"
Her personality changed very quickly.
Outside the dreamland, she was shy and shy. Inside the dreamland, she was free and at ease. Her aura was strong and she was full of confidence.
"Haha, this Luo Zheng can only be toyed with like a mouse by my Ji Family's little daughter!"
"He doesn't have the strength to fight back! They're not on the same level! "
"Ji Liansheng's Emerald Dream Realm is too powerful. Not only Luo Zheng, even Xuanyuan Chenfeng would be defeated by her!"
At this time, the Ji Family members revealed relaxed smiles. Before, they were still faintly worried, but now, it seemed that Luo Zheng didn't have the strength to fight back. Only now did they know that Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path had greatly improved.
Ji Nan watched everything that happened in the dreamland. Her eyes flashed with an undetectable light.
Her elder sister was indeed much more powerful.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't so easy to deal with …
Even if Ji Liansheng had the absolute upper hand, Ji Nan wasn't sure that she would win!
In all fairness, she naturally hoped that her elder sister could win this battle. After all, she was a member of the Ji Family. Although Luo Zheng had helped her, he was still an outsider.
However, was Luo Zheng really so easy to be eliminated? Ji Nan didn't believe it …
After climbing up from the ground, Luo Zheng heard Ji Liansheng's words and firmly shook his head. "Your dreamland is indeed very powerful, but there's always a way to break it."
Ji Liansheng immediately shook her head. "Anyone who enters my dreamland must be under my control. You don't understand how powerful the Emerald Dream Realm is."
After saying that, she lightly shook her head!
At this moment, an invisible force exploded from the side and smashed onto Luo Zheng's body once again!
"Boom!"
With a huge sound, Luo Zheng was sent flying to the other side!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng was smashed several hundred zhang away by that force. Just as he landed on the ground, an invisible force suddenly rose from the peach blossom ground and directly smashed Luo Zheng into the air!
He was like a doll that Ji Liansheng could knead at will!
"Sigh, this Luo Zheng is just a person who ascended from the lower realm. Actually, I even bet on him to be the first!"
"Haha, isn't it because his odds are high and he's not favored? This is inevitable. A dark horse, a dark horse. How can there be so many dark horses? This guy has the strength of a Heaven's Pride. He's already lucky for eight lifetimes! Compared to a true elite, there's still a big gap. "
"It's said that Ji Liansheng is only ranked fourth in the 'Deities Without Intentions' competition. This Luo Zheng is already like this when he meets Ji Liansheng. What if he meets Ji Luoxue? What about Lie Qianhan? You actually bet on Luo Zheng to be the first? I think you're dreaming, aren't you? "
When the warriors in the universe saw Luo Zheng being trampled on, most of them could only shake their heads.
The foundation of a great power was reflected in these Dao Children and Heaven's Prides. Luo Zheng was still too far away …
"Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …"
Luo Zheng's body seemed to be pinched in the hands of an invisible giant. He was casually trampled on and had no strength to fight back.
"Luo Zheng!"
Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin's long, shapely eyebrows rose!
Streaks of purple energy lingered around Xi Youqin's body. She actually wanted to break free from that chess piece!
Although she knew that she wouldn't die even if she lost, Xi Youqin still couldn't bear to see Luo Zheng being trampled on and played around with like this …
However, just as she released those streaks of purple energy, a strong binding force was born from the black chess piece. It wanted to break free from the chess piece's shackles!
When Hua Tianming saw Xi Youqin's actions, he advised Xi Youqin, "Don't be anxious. Luo Zheng won't be defeated so easily!"
Resisting the rules of the Heavenly Dao was definitely not a wise choice. It was just a waste of energy.
"Hmph!"
How could Xi Youqin listen to Hua Tianming's words?
The purple energy continued to surge out, and streaks of sword shadows also spread out from that purple energy!
She actually wanted to resist the binding force of the black chess piece …
The purple energy that escaped from Xi Youqin's body was originally restricted to three inches around her. However, as it continued to spread, it actually gradually spread around the black chess piece!
Seeing this scene, Hua Tianming was slightly taken aback!
"Crack …"
A crisp sound came from the black chess piece below her. A crack actually appeared on the black chess piece.
At this moment, everyone's attention was focused on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
When they suddenly heard this sound, they noticed Xi Youqin in the air. The other Dao Disciples were also shocked when they saw this scene!
This woman actually cracked that chess piece?
After those chess pieces landed on the chessboard, they stubbornly stayed on the chessboard.
No matter how powerful the two sides were, they could destroy the chessboard, but they couldn't move the chess piece!
But this woman was actually able to crack the chess piece?
The purple energy around Xi Youqin became denser and denser, and the area it spread out was also increasing. If this continued, she really could break free from the black chess piece and rush into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
"Sigh …"
A soft sigh quietly rang out.
Then, around the black chess piece beside Xi Youqin, faint rings of light spread out!
Those rings of light stacked layer upon layer, and they bound Xi Youqin.
Even these rings of light were unable to resist the purple energy, and they were slowly corroded by the purple energy.
Everyone's eyes were filled with shock. Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others might not be able to do this. This was the mysterious girl personally making a move!
What exactly was this woman's purple energy?
However, just as she corroded a few rings of light, more rings of light came to bind her. The speed at which Xi Youqin used the purple energy to corrode the rings of light was far from catching up to the speed at which the rings of light were produced.
In theory, Xi Youqin was unable to break free from them smoothly.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1333
On the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
Luo Zheng was like a punching bag, being slapped around by Ji Liansheng's invisible power without any resistance.
In fact, Luo Zheng still had many tricks up his sleeve!
However, in this Emerald Dream Realm, for example, the Thunder Calamity Kill and the Stellar Battle Body.
However, in this Emerald Dream Realm, it was an illusory existence …
Just now, when Luo Zheng's spear was blocked by Ji Liansheng's fingertips, he already knew that no matter how powerful he was, he couldn't defeat his opponent in this Emerald Dream Realm!
Strictly speaking, the two of them didn't really fight. They were just dreaming.
However, from the beginning, Luo Zheng was led into Ji Liansheng's dream realm …
Luo Zheng didn't know that there was a so-called Dream God Dao among the Three Thousand Divine Daos, but he had heard that there was a kind of dream killing technique in this universe. It was to quietly sneak into the dreamland of the other party and strangle them in their sleep.
The world in the dream realm was unconstrained and was completely woven by one's own thoughts.
She was the god of this Emerald Dream Realm …
No matter how powerful Luo Zheng's methods were, he couldn't be this woman's opponent.
The key was to crack this Emerald Dream Realm!
This method was indeed very powerful, but once it was cracked, it would be very easy to defeat it or even counter it.
Dream Killing Technique, Dream God Dao …
This is her dream realm, not my dream realm.
Then how did she lead me into her dream realm …
A dream realm was originally a spiritual activity formed by distracting thoughts during a dormant period.
This kind of activity was usually unconscious.
However, as the saying goes, what you think about during the day, you dream about it at night. The more you come into contact with something during the day, the easier it is to dream about it at night.
Was he quietly led into this Emerald Dream Realm?
What did Ji Liansheng say to him before?
Hello …
Do you like peach blossoms …
"Peach blossoms!"
Luo Zheng's mind suddenly jumped!
This woman used peach blossoms as a lure to pull him into the dream realm!
In the Emerald Dream Realm, there were countless peach blossoms slowly drifting. At a glance, it was beautiful.
These peach blossoms had been hinting at the dream realm, preventing him from waking up?
"Bang!"
Another heavy blow directly slammed Luo Zheng onto the edge of the chessboard, and then bounced back heavily.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had given up resisting.
He couldn't dodge the woman's attack.
The stronger he became, the stronger Ji Liansheng would become. The faster he became, the faster she would become.
At this moment, while flying backwards, Luo Zheng quietly glanced at Ji Liansheng.
Peach blossoms …
The peach blossoms drifted down and spread all over the ground.
Ji Liansheng was surrounded by a circular open space. There was not a single peach blossom. As the peach blossom drifted down, it was naturally isolated.
But not all of the peach blossoms avoided her.
At this moment, there was a small piece of peach blossom on top of her hair.
Before she was drawn into the Emerald Dream Realm, the peach blossoms had never appeared. But now, there were peach blossoms on her hair!
"This is that piece of land …"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange look.
If he cut off this peach blossom, he would be able to break the Emerald Dream Realm …
This was only Luo Zheng's guess. Perhaps the Dream Divine Path wasn't so easy to break.
But in this situation, Luo Zheng couldn't really do nothing. If so, he might as well choose to admit defeat.
"Bang!"
After each heavy blow, Luo Zheng was also looking for an opportunity.
This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for Luo Zheng. If he failed, with her speed in the Emerald Dream Realm, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to catch up.
Ji Liansheng extended her jade-like hand toward Luo Zheng. With a light hook, an irresistible force pulled Luo Zheng and sent him flying back toward her …
"Phew …"
"Alright, it's time to end this." Ji Liansheng's smile was charming and enchanting.
Then, Luo Zheng was restrained by the invisible force and floated in front of Ji Liansheng.
"Your physical body is indeed very special." Ji Liansheng smiled. "I'm afraid its strength is equivalent to a first-grade divine artifact … If Sister Luo Xue met you, she might have a headache. But you met me first …"
Hearing Ji Liansheng mention her, Ji Luo Xue blinked slightly. She looked down at the immobile Luo Zheng and felt slightly regretful.
Not to mention that she was a loyal fan of Luo Zheng's stories, she had lost to Luo Zheng once before. Naturally, she wanted to win it back from Luo Zheng herself. Otherwise, she wouldn't be able to get her way …
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was going to lose to Ji Liansheng.
"Idiot …" Ji Luo Xue sighed softly. "Just cut off the peach blossoms behind her head …"
Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path was extremely powerful, but she had lost to Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng in the Four Clans Tournament.
There was no other reason …
The Four Great Clans shared information with each other. They were also very clear about each other's characteristics.
Although Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path was powerful, her Dream Divine Path was like a special puzzle. If she couldn't figure it out, she was invincible. But once she figured it out, her Dream Divine Path's power would be greatly reduced.
Ji Luo Xue and the others understood this. Ji Liansheng wouldn't be able to get any benefits from them.
However, those who didn't understand Ji Liansheng had almost no chance of winning!
A faint blush appeared on Ji Liansheng's face. Then, she smiled sweetly and pinched lightly.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's right arm broke in an instant and left his body.
Fresh blood spurted out from the wound …
This Ji Lian was born outside of the dream world and was like a virgin flower that never left her boudoir. She would be extremely shy if she spoke a few words with a man, but at this moment, she was acting strangely cruel!
Seeing the fresh blood flowing out, Ji Liansheng's eyes lit up.
"This woman … is only so cruel in her dreams." Xuanyuan Chenfeng rolled his eyes …
Two years ago, the clan wanted to introduce Ji Liansheng to him.
This woman was compatible with Xuanyuan Chenfeng in terms of talent and appearance. It was just that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was antisocial and knew Ji Liansheng's nature, so he tried his best to reject her.
She looked delicate and shy, but her true nature was cruel and bloodthirsty.
However, the bloodthirsty in the Dream Realm and the bloodthirsty in the real world were two different things. She killed someone in the Dream Realm. When the Emerald Dream Realm dissipated, the person was still intact. It could be said that he was completely unharmed. Only his soul had been shattered …
Luo Zheng's arm was gently torn apart by her. The pain was indescribable.
His body had always been known for its strength. But being torn apart by this woman was probably the most serious injury he had ever suffered.
Although it was painful, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth. His gaze secretly swept past the peach blossom behind Ji Liansheng.
At this moment, he was only two steps away from Ji Liansheng. As long as Ji Liansheng didn't notice that he had noticed the peach blossom, he still had a chance …
Ji Liansheng raised her head and looked at Luo Zheng. Once again, she smiled charmingly, "Actually, you can admit defeat. I'm still very kind-hearted. I can't bear to see others bleed and cry …"
Luo Zheng endured the pain and forced a smile on his face, "As a martial artist, bleeding is unavoidable. Don't cry!"
"Is that so?" Ji Liansheng raised the corner of her mouth, "Then I really want to see you cry …"
After saying that, her finger once again made a slanting gesture …
"Cha …"
It was as if the sharpest sword had cut Luo Zheng's leg!
It forcibly separated Luo Zheng's right leg from his body …
"Luo Zheng!"
Although she knew that one wouldn't really die in this Dream Realm, Xi Youqin still couldn't bear to see this bloody scene. She angrily shouted from the chess piece.
The more the opponent wanted to torture him, the calmer Luo Zheng's expression became.
Since Ji Liansheng's hobby was to torture her opponents in dreams …
Then he had to give Ji Liansheng an impression and act out a play. He had to let her understand that he had no power to fight back and unyieldingly endure her means.
However, Luo Zheng's real purpose was the peach blossom on her hair bun.
"Again …"
Ji Liansheng's finger once again made a light stroke. Luo Zheng's second leg was also separated from Luo Zheng's body.
Seeing this scene, the people in Huanyu couldn't help but shake their heads …
Luo Zheng had a great reputation, but his strength was still inferior. If he encountered a real genius from a big clan, he would still be the target of torture. He had almost no power to fight back.
After all, since the beginning of this dream, Luo Zheng hadn't put up any effective resistance.

Chapter 1334
Two legs, one hand.
She slowly floated in front of Luo Zheng.
Ji Liansheng looked up at Luo Zheng with a faint smile on her face.
In this situation, the meaning behind that faint smile was extremely cruel …
"Alas, how will this girl get married in the future …"
The Ji family was immersed in a relaxed atmosphere.
The battle between Ji Liansheng and Luo Zheng had been settled. However, Ji Liansheng had shown her cruel side in front of the entire universe. If she were to get married in the future, how would she find a good marriage partner?
"Hahaha, who told Luo Zheng to be so unlucky to meet Lian Sheng!"
"It's not bad. After all, she didn't really kill him …"
"Grass roots are grass roots. Even if he ascended and obtained a great opportunity, so what? He's still just a pheasant. He'll never become a phoenix! How can he fight against the daughter of the Ji family? "
The martial artists of the Ji Family discussed among themselves, and their faces were filled with pride …
Luo Zheng might not be strong, but he was very famous. Being eliminated by the Ji family was also a great honor for the Ji family.
However, at this moment, Ji Nan's hand was deeply buried in the flame kitten's vermilion fur. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng in the picture scroll.
"Not good …"
Ji Nan suddenly shook her head and said.
The martial artists by Ji Nan's side were also the geniuses of the Ji Family's younger generation. They had also been eliminated by the dreamland. Most of them hadn't been able to pass the first stage, and there were only four Ji Family geniuses that had passed the second stage. Three of them had been eliminated in the second stage.
Therefore, Ji Nan could enter the second stage. She was considered a top existence among these geniuses.
"Sister Nan, what are you talking about?" A girl from the Ji family next to her asked.
Ji Nan's eyes flickered. "Sister Lian Sheng is probably going to lose!"
"What did you say? Sister Nan is probably joking … "The girl from the Ji family laughed.
However, just as Ji Nan's voice fell, the picture scroll suddenly changed …
Luo Zheng suddenly twisted his body in the air and reached for his broken arm. The Sumeru Ring was on the finger of his broken arm!
All of this happened in the blink of an eye!
For Luo Zheng, there was only one chance …
The opponent he was facing was the strongest existence of the younger generation in the universe.
Regardless of whether it was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Jiang Zhengyi, or Ji Liansheng, they were all created by the large families with immeasurable resources, and they themselves had the destiny to fight for the world. In the upcoming crisis of the universe, they would play an indispensable role in it!
If he wanted to defeat them, he couldn't afford to make any mistakes!
He took out the sword, flipped it, and spat out the Sword Intent …
These few steps were done in one go!
In the Emerald Dream Realm, Ji Liansheng's speed and strength were both in a 'limitless' state.
To put it bluntly, as long as she didn't break this dreamland, she would be an invincible existence. Perhaps only World Overlords or even Empyreans would be able to forcefully break this dreamland apart!
But her speed was too fast, and she needed to think to keep up!
In layman's terms, he was able to "react" …
Luo Zheng's sword was extremely sudden. Before Ji Lian Sheng could react, the sword had already slashed out!
Swish!
The sword aura that flew out went straight for Ji Liansheng.
Luo Zheng didn't have the intention to kill Ji Liansheng. She was probably an immortal existence in this dreamland, and killing her was only the last choice.
He slashed the peach blossom.
The sword aura flashed, and a thin line appeared in the center of the beautiful peach blossom on her hair.
The Dark Lightning Wind Divine Sword was sharp, and even though it cut the peach blossom, it only left a small imperceptible mark …
"What is Luo Zheng doing?"
"Such a good opportunity, and he took out the sword just to cut the peach blossom behind Ji Liansheng's head?"
"If it were me, I would definitely cut off Ji Liansheng's neck!"
Many warriors in the universe commented like this. Without a doubt, they all thought that Luo Zheng was crazy.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw this scene, a strange look appeared in his eyes.
Ji Luoxue's eyes suddenly lit up. Although she and Ji Liansheng were like sisters, she still hoped that Luo Zheng would continue until he met her …
The peach blossom was cut off …
Ji Liansheng should be defeated.
When the people in the Ji family saw this scene, they instantly fell into silence.
When Ji Liansheng opened the Emerald Dreamland, the warriors in the Ji family knew that the peach blossom was the trigger of the Emerald Dreamland.
The peach blossom was broken, and the dreamland was destroyed …
However, Luo Zheng didn't notice the peach blossom at all, so they were relieved.
If the peach blossom wasn't broken, he would never wake up!
Ji Liansheng was naturally going to win.
However, this guy actually attacked at the last moment!
Everyone in the Ji Family was momentarily unable to react. Could it be that this fellow had been pretending all this time?
Ji Liansheng's face revealed a trace of misery …
The peach blossom in the Emerald Dreamland started to break. The pink color was like a ball of paint that was knocked over. It started to spin slowly and finally disappeared from the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
"Eh!"
Xi Youqin was originally struggling with all her might.
However, when the Emerald Dreamland disappeared, Luo Zheng, who had both his legs and right arm broken, and Ji Liansheng also disappeared.
The scene just now was like a curtain on a stage. After the curtain was lifted, it was another scene.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and jumped up from the ground.
Ji Liansheng curled up into a ball and hugged her legs. She raised her head and looked at Luo Zheng. However, she gently bit her lips …
She didn't know how to resist.
If she didn't open the Dreamland, even though Ji Liansheng's strength wasn't bad, she couldn't resist Luo Zheng. Resistance would be futile.
"Drip …"
Seeing Luo Zheng slowly walking towards her, a drop of crystal clear tear fell from Ji Liansheng's eyes.
"Drip, drip …"
That teardrop was like a broken string of pearls, unceasingly dripping down.
"I lost … I'm sorry." Ji Liansheng started to cry.
Luo Zheng walked in front of Ji Liansheng. This woman in the Dreamland and in the Dreamland were two completely different personalities …
However, at this moment, he didn't have the slightest bit of tender and protective feelings for the fairer sex. He only said sternly, "Your Dreamland is very beautiful, but once is enough. If you use your tears as a guide and lead me into the Dreamland again, I'm afraid I'll offend the beauty."
When Luo Zheng's voice fell, Ji Liansheng's body slightly trembled. Her face revealed a look of despair. She said in a mosquito-like voice, "I lost …"
After hearing this, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Then, he turned around and walked towards his chess piece …
The purpose of the battle on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was to determine the winner. Luo Zheng wasn't a bloodthirsty person.
However, just as he took two steps, he suddenly turned around. At the same time, the long sword in his hand suddenly slashed out!
"Pu!"
A line of blood appeared on Ji Liansheng's forehead.
In her hand, there was a small wooden doll.
The wooden doll looked very simple to make, but it was definitely not an ordinary object. Although he didn't know the specific use of the wooden doll, he could imagine that once she used it, he would be in huge trouble …
"Plop …"
Ji Liansheng fell to the ground. She was immediately eliminated.
Luo Zheng won by a narrow margin.
Seeing Ji Liansheng slowly disappear from the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, her face was filled with unwillingness. However, no matter how unwilling she was, she was still sent back to the universe.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head.
"This woman … is too sinister!"
After returning to the sky, Xi Youqin's face was still filled with anger. Even though Luo Zheng won this round.
Hearing Xi Youqin's words, Luo Zheng smiled. "You can't blame her."
"Oh? Now you have protective feelings for the fairer sex? "Xi Youqin raised her willowy eyebrows.
Hua Tianming agreed with Luo Zheng. "She cultivates the Dream God Dao. She can't win head-on. She can only use scheming methods to lure her opponent into a trap. This is also a method of battle. It has nothing to do with being sinister."
"Brother Tianming is right." Luo Zheng nodded.
All the martial artists in the universe would display their strengths.
If they won with speed, they couldn't attack head-on. If they won with strength, they naturally wouldn't use unorthodox methods …
The battle in the universe continued. This round wasn't an elimination round, but the jade hand chose Xi Youqin and another prodigy from another race.
At this moment, in the depths of the sky, a nine-colored light began to slowly rotate.
Not long after, a skylark flew out of the light and towards the thick clouds. It flew towards the palace in the center of the clouds, and a pair of bird claws landed on the mysterious girl's pinky finger.
The mysterious girl tilted her head slightly and listened to what the skylark was saying.
Her eyes lit up. "You've already found out about Luo Zheng? This Luo Yan … "
A hint of astonishment appeared on the mysterious girl's face.

Chapter 1335
The information that Luo Zheng had asked her to investigate had only just been sent back from the Realm of the Gods …
However, she did not know that the implications were far beyond her imagination!
In the eyes of the mysterious girl, Luo Zheng was just a living being born in this universe …
She had existed in this Heavenly Axiom for countless years. She stayed here to cultivate the Three Lifetime Tribulations.
The past Solemnity Tribulation, the present Sage Tribulation, the future Constellation Tribulation …
Although she hated those Buddhists, they were indeed powerful. She could only stay here foolishly and help take care of this layer of heaven.
Luo Zheng's appearance surprised the mysterious girl.
That guy's Roaring Command could actually trigger the "Sound of Perception" in the Heavenly Axiom …
She had created the Howling Celestial Tapir and placed it in the universe. Over the long years, she felt that the universe was too quiet.
Therefore, when she created the Howling Celestial Tapir, she gave the Sound of Perception to it …
These living beings were very smart. After discovering the Howling Celestial Tapir's ability, they used it wantonly. That was why the universe was so lively.
However, she did not dare to use it too much. If there were too many Howling Celestial Tapirs, the entire universe would be noisy. That would not be peaceful.
After a certain number was controlled, the Roaring Command's value in the universe became very high.
However, Luo Zheng's Roaring Command was different …
He could forcefully communicate with the Heavenly Axiom and trigger the Sound of Perception!
She had once created five of these unlimited Roaring Commands. Later, when the world was destroyed, she took them all back.
In other words, other than herself, no one in the universe could release the Sound of Perception without limit.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's Roaring Command was very domineering.
The Heavenly Axiom's rules were endless …
The operation of the rules was controlled by her.
She also had the authority to trigger the Sound of Perception.
Sometimes, when Luo Zheng used the Roaring Command, she would try to stop it …
Strangely, she could not stop the Sound of Perception from being produced!
Her experiment had no ill intentions towards Luo Zheng. She was just curious as to why Luo Zheng could do it. To be able to do so, unless Luo Zheng's authority in the Heavenly Axiom was higher than hers!
How could such a thing happen?
She had asked Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng wouldn't answer her honestly.
He tried to figure it out, but to no avail …
It was only after hearing about Luo Yan's whereabouts that she finally understood why it would take her several years to find Luo Yan and return.
"Sigh, these guys have lived for too long. They must be tired of living! Make such a plan! "
"Should we tell Luo Zheng?"
The mysterious girl was also thinking about it.
She always did what she promised, but she didn't know what Luo Zheng would think. She also didn't know if it was appropriate to tell him!
After Luo Zheng defeated Ji Liansheng, in the eyes of countless creatures in the universe, his strength had increased by another level.
The strength of these three hundred people could be roughly divided into three tiers.
On the first step stood Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, Jiang Zhengyi, and the other Daoists.
Ji Luoxue and Ji Liansheng weren't Daoists, but they were qualified to be on the first tier. Even though their lotuses hadn't fully opened, they already had the strength to fight with Daoists.
And Luo Zheng defeated Ji Liansheng …
Previously, Luo Zheng killed Nu Feng with a single spear strike, and then defeated two prodigies consecutively.
Those opponents could only be considered as candidates for the third tier. They belonged to the fringe of this Battle of the Worlds.
But Ji Liansheng was different!
More importantly, Ji Liansheng was defeated in the elimination round.
The meaning behind this was completely different.
The Ji Family had already turned into a complete mess …
Each of the four great families had a seed.
Ji Liansheng was the seed of the Ji family.
Because Ji Liansheng cultivated the Dream Divine Dao, the Ji family helped her formulate several plans.
With these plans, even Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others might not be able to break her Emerald Dream Realm …
Using peach blossoms as a lure was only Ji Liansheng's most ordinary Lure of Dreams!
She had never used the subsequent Lure of Dreams before. With these Lure of Dreams, even if she didn't get first place, she would definitely be able to enter the top ten!
The Ji family's goal was to enter the top three!
They never thought that Ji Liansheng would die prematurely in front of Luo Zheng.
She didn't even get a Divine Spark Plate. She was already at the bottom of the four great families …
To the Ji family, this was a great humiliation.
And this news had probably spread to all the Sacred Lands affiliated to the Ji family by now!
"I'm sorry …"
After Ji Liansheng left the Illusory Battlefield, she flew directly to her family's Illusory Space. After looking up at the painting, she went to the Ji family's patriarch.
The Ji family's patriarch sighed. "Sigh, forget it … Liansheng, it's indeed a great pity that you were eliminated. Work hard in the future. You can still hope to become a Daoist."
Ji Liansheng nodded slightly before silently retreating.
Not far away, Ji Nan hugged her little flame cat and didn't say a word.
A few Ji family prodigies beside her carefully asked, "Sister Nan, how did you know …"
Just now, Ji Nan had predicted this outcome in advance!
At that time, Luo Zheng's defeat was almost certain …
Ji Nan shook her head. She stared at the painting and said indifferently, "I have a feeling that not only will Luo Zheng eliminate Sister Liansheng, but I'm afraid that Xuanyuan Chenfeng will also be in big trouble …"
When these words were spoken, the faces of the geniuses were filled with surprise.
Ji Liansheng was slightly weaker than Ji Luoxue, but there was a considerable gap between him and Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Could this Luo Zheng defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng?
Seeing their expressions, Ji Nan only smiled slightly. "It doesn't matter. Anyway, our Ji family has already lost. Let's wait and see!"
On the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the battle continued.
Xi Youqin once again used the Little Purple River Sword Array and sealed her opponent within.
Xi Youqin won this battle.
The next battle was still not an elimination battle …
After a simple exchange of pointers, one of the two prodigies cupped his hands and admitted defeat.
In the next round, the sparring continued …
After three consecutive battles, Ji Luoxue was the one to fight.
Again, this battle was not an elimination battle.
However, Ji Luoxue's opponent, a prodigy from the demon race, was very persistent!
He refused to admit defeat!
Moreover, he displayed a strength that surprised everyone!
This strength was enough for him to stand on the second tier …
Although the demon was persistent, he could not rely on persistence to win against someone as strong as Ji Luoxue.
Under Ji Luoxue's careful planning, she finally killed the prodigy from the demon race.
"What a waste of time …"
Ji Luoxue said expressionlessly and returned to the sky.
After the fifth round, an extremely intense battle unfolded in the center of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
Four elimination battles occurred consecutively!
Qing Yu from the demon race eliminated a prodigy from the demon race.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao eliminated a prodigy from the demi-immortal race.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng eliminated a prodigy from a small race with one move.
Then, Xi Youqin eliminated a prodigy from the demon race!
In every elimination battle, one person would be eliminated …
In just a short while, four people were eliminated!
Following the tug-of-war on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the probability of an elimination battle greatly increased.
Three hundred cultivators were eliminated one by one, and the number of prodigies in the sky rapidly decreased!
Not long after, more than half of the three hundred cultivators were eliminated.
However, although many people were eliminated, there were not many truly intense battles.
After all, these Dao Disciples had not had a chance to fight against each other …
It was unknown whether the mysterious girl had deliberately arranged this, or whether it was a coincidence of fate, but this elimination battle entered the fast lane!
One hundred and forty-seven …
One hundred and twenty …
Seventy-seven …
30 …
11!
The top ten would all receive a Divine Lattice Plate.
However, there were 11 people here!
Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, Ji Luoxue, and Hua Tianming.
Jiang Zhengyi, Puppet Warrior, Qing Yu, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, and Ku Deng!
Among the 11 people, only Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin, and Ji Luoxue were not Dao Disciples. Hua Tianming was not sure.
As for the other seven people, they were Dao Disciples from various great factions. They had comprehended the Divine Dao and possessed Dao Connotation. They were the strongest among the younger generation, and they were the most favored of this era.
To determine the top ten, one person would be eliminated.
Countless cultivators in front of the Illusory Space were also focused.
Among these eleven people, who would be the first to be eliminated?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1336
From these 11 people, it could be seen that the race with the most potential in the universe was none other than Deities Thoughtless.
Lie Qianhan, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and Ji Luoxue came from the four great families of Deities Thoughtless. Hua Tianming had also ascended to Deities Thoughtless and was considered a member of Deities Thoughtless.
They had already occupied four seats.
Only one person from the Demon Night Clan, one from the Demon Race, and one from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region remained.
The Human Alliance was probably the most miserable.
This time, only one Daozi from the Human Alliance had entered the top 300. That Daozi had been easily eliminated by Lie Qianhan not long ago, so it could be said that they had been completely wiped out.
However, Luo Zheng had ascended from the Human Alliance's Sacred Land and could be considered a member of the Human Alliance. Now, the Human Alliance could only depend on Luo Zheng's performance …
The situation on the chessboard was very delicate.
After the black chess pieces had killed the white chess pieces, they had advanced triumphantly and seized territory everywhere. Now, the black chess pieces had the absolute upper hand.
In the eyes of the many Heavenly Venerates in the universe, this had become an extremely unfavorable situation.
This chessboard had been set up since the beginning of the Evolution Era to the prosperity of the Human Race.
After the white chess pieces had been killed, the heroes had split up and established their own territories. Now …
The current passive situation on the chessboard was the future!
If the number of white chess pieces was unfavorable, it meant that the disaster this crisis would bring would be even more severe.
Based on the current situation, the Heavenly Venerates reckoned that the races of the universe would be wiped out. Even the three strongest races would suffer heavy losses.
This situation was already very unsightly!
The number of lifeforms that would be wiped out in the universe would probably be counted in the trillions.
Furthermore, the deduction on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard had yet to be completed. The situation below might be slightly reversed, or it might be even worse. If all the white pieces were thrown, it was very likely that the entire universe would be wiped out. This evolution era would end prematurely …
However, as Heavenly Venerates, they were powerless to change anything.
This was because even though their fates were difficult to calculate, they were still predetermined!
The powerhouses of the universe could only be the protagonists born in the Great Era Battle. Only they could change the fate of this era.
Of course …
Ordinary Heavenly Venerates might think this way.
Some upper level Heavenly Venerates would naturally think differently.
For example, the Old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Race and Yuan Venerate Original Sin …
Although these people were not born in a great era, they were still extraordinary geniuses born in a hundred million years.
The level of their exploration was a step further.
Was the fate of the Heavenly Dao really unbreakable?
Could it be that the Mandate of Heaven that an Empyrean shouldered really bound them and prevented them from becoming a True Divinity?
These rules were the iron laws of the universe, but rules were meant to be broken. At their level, the things they explored were the most fundamental mysteries of the Heavenly Dao …
The eleven people on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard quietly waited for the jade-like hand in the sky.
Not long after, that jade-like hand passed through the layers of clouds again and slowly descended. This time, it grabbed a black stone. It was Xi Youqin …
"Pa!"
In the blink of an eye, Xi Youqin was trapped on the chessboard.
Right now, victory and defeat were everywhere on the chessboard. It could be said that one wrong move could cause the entire chessboard to collapse!
However …
However, this black piece landed in an unimportant place!
A strange look appeared on everyone's faces.
What was the meaning of that jade-like hand grabbing the black piece there?
Xi Youqin was well-versed in the four arts. She stood on the chessboard and saw that this move was inappropriate. She was also surprised.
Soon, that jade-like hand reached out to another chess piece …
Deities Without Thoughts, Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
Anyone who knew that their opponent was Xuanyuan Chenfeng would have a dark expression and lament that their luck was not good.
However, at this moment, everyone was saying that Xi Youqin was lucky.
This was because the white piece had also landed in an inexplicable place …
These two pieces did not land, so it was not an elimination battle. If the two sides did not want to fight, they could just admit defeat.
Xi Youqin gently moved her chess piece and stepped on the chessboard.
For Xi Youqin, it could be said that she had already completed her master's mission by standing there.
Her master did not give her too much pressure. Furthermore, this battle was not an elimination battle …
It was very difficult for her, who had always been indolent, to be serious and show off her skills.
Therefore, the moment she stepped on the chessboard, she smiled and planned to admit defeat.
In fact, most people could guess Xi Youqin's decision. Admitting defeat in front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng was the wisest choice.
However, just as she was about to speak, Xuanyuan Chenfeng spoke first. "Miss Youqin, Chenfeng is honored to be able to exchange pointers with you here!"
"En?" Xi Youqin blinked and looked at Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was not far away. She pursed her lips and smiled. "I don't plan to exchange pointers with you. I want to admit defeat!"
"No," Xuanyuan Chenfeng stopped her.
"Why?" Xi Youqin had a strange look on her face. She wanted to admit defeat, but she could not?
Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled faintly. "Miss Youqin, I wonder if this chessboard represents the future of the universe?"
"Oh …" Although she vaguely knew that the Heaven and Earth Chessboard represented the overall situation, she didn't care about these things. As a little woman, she was very satisfied just to stay by her beloved man's side. These messy things in the universe had nothing to do with her at all.
However, Xi Youqin's reaction was cold. Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression flashed slightly, and he walked a few steps to the side of the chessboard. "I, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, have not only practiced martial arts since I was young. I have also dabbled in astrology and divination … Look, this is a calamity! This is the calamity that you have created! "
Xuanyuan Chenfeng pointed to a circle of black pieces. Previously, Xi Youqin had eliminated a prodigy here.
Xi Youqin did not speak. She continued to look at Xuanyuan Chenfeng with a strange expression. She felt helpless in her heart. Telling her these things was completely irrelevant. However, at this moment, it was not convenient for her to listen to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words.
After he finished speaking, Xuanyuan Chenfeng pointed to the other side again. "And here, there are three 'exits' and one 'kills'. They were all set up by me, Xuanyuan Chenfeng! If this place is drawn out again, it will be the connection between you and me! "
Before this, not only did Xi Youqin not understand Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words, but the others were also confused. However, after his explanation, a few people gradually understood …
Then, Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly raised his head and looked at the heavy clouds in the sky. It was unknown whether he was talking to Xi Youqin or the mysterious girl hidden in the Heavenly Dao. "If I didn't guess wrong, the two black and white pieces that have fallen are 'splitting the sky in two.' If this continues, it will be like the oriole catching the butterfly, the peach blossom twin stars … Haha!"
He did not say what he wanted to say next.
His words were spoken in front of everyone in the universe ….
When some wise people heard Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words, their eyes suddenly lit up!
Among them, many Empyreans looked at Xuanyuan Chenfeng with eyes full of praise.
"This child is truly worthy of being called the most outstanding person in the universe. There is no need to compete in this great era. He is already the number one person …"
"I am ashamed. As a Empyrean, I have experienced hundreds of millions of years. Just now, I missed a move and did not see as far as he did!"
"Haha, Chenfeng, my son, you really did not disappoint me!"
At the same time, the voices of several Empyreans in the universe rang out. Their words of praise spread through the entire universe through roars!
However, this voice could not be transmitted to the Illusory Battlefield. Naturally, the eleven people present could not hear it.
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes again. If it was Go, she understood. However, she did not know anything about calculating the mysterious fate through this chessboard.
"I don't know what you are talking about. Goodbye!"
While Xuanyuan Chenfeng was speaking passionately, Xi Youqin turned around and walked back to the chess piece. She could be considered to have given up on this battle.
"Wait, wait …" How could Xuanyuan Chenfeng know that Xi Youqin would turn around and leave? He opened his mouth to stop her.
Xi Youqin turned her head. Her face was very impatient. "If you want to say something, just say it. I don't know how to calculate fate!"
"What I want to say is that this chess game not only means the change in the universe, but also the fate that the eleven of us, as the main characters of the universe, are about to encounter! You and I are bound together. The role you play in the great era should be mine! " Xuanyuan Chenfeng used a very straightforward "translation" to Xi Youqin. His face was full of confidence.
Hearing this, Xi Youqin stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng in a daze.
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face was indifferent. He was born with thick eyebrows and big eyes. His temperament was extraordinary. He was the perfect man in the hearts of thousands of girls. He wanted to see Xi Youqin's reaction.

Chapter 1337
Among the human forces, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's reputation was extremely great.
He experienced many tribulations when he was young, and he relied on his talent to obtain the recognition of the Xuanyuan Clan. He completed a much-loved counterattack and became a Dao Disciple …
However, he was all alone and did not have a beautiful woman by his side.
Who knows how many beautiful women were willing to marry him, but he was obsessed with martial arts and never looked at them.
At this moment, he confessed to Xi Youqin in front of the entire universe, and it caused an uproar!
After the picture scroll was displayed, Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng stood together. However, they were separated by chess pieces, so they did not appear too intimate.
However, the cultivators in the picture scroll saw Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng leaning against each other. They were obviously a couple.
Hence, no matter if they were eliminated or not, they all had strange expressions on their faces. This Xuanyuan Chenfeng was also very powerful. He actually said such words in front of Luo Zheng …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's deduction might be very reasonable.
However, Xi Youqin was Luo Zheng's woman. This action was too inappropriate. Besides, there were plenty of fish in the sea. With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's status, it would not be difficult for him to have a harem of 30,000 or 300,000, let alone 3,000 …
"Hehe! Chenfeng's taste is really unique, "Lie Qianhan said to Ji Luoxue with a smile. His voice was a little harsh.
He and Ji Luoxue knew Xuanyuan Chenfeng very well. This guy was very antisocial and seemed to find it difficult to trust women. Did he take the wrong medicine today?
Ji Luoxue frowned slightly. Xuanyuan Chenfeng said that he was righteous and that he was using fate as an excuse. However, she was already taken. Even if fate really predicted it, he did not have to say it like that, right?
However, Xi Youqin did not give him any face when she said that he was crazy. After she finished speaking, she did not stop and was about to step onto the black chess piece …
"Miss Youqin, please wait." Xuanyuan Chenfeng took a step forward and swept over like a gust of wind. He arrived in front of Xi Youqin in an instant, as if he wanted to stop her from leaving.
At this moment, Xi Youqin suddenly turned around. Her long hair fluttered in the air as four sword shadows suddenly shot out!
"Zeng Zeng Zeng Zeng …"
These four sword shadows were only illusions and not real swords!
Although it was just a shadow, there was an extremely ferocious intent hidden within!
Long Vine Sword, Buddha Emperor Sword, Double Sun Sword, Heaven Fang Sword …
The four swords could form the most ferocious formation of the ancient times, the God-Slaying Sword Formation!
These four swords did not exist in this round of the Way of Heaven. When Xi Youqin was cultivating, she relied on the secret treasure of the Purple Extreme Realm — the "Array Tablet". That was how she was able to figure out this array!
When these four swords appeared, they circled around her and drew out long and thin lines. These lines were extremely hard and did not have the slightest hint of roundness. Normally, only killing formations would give birth to such lines!
Once a sword formation was set up, there would usually be a way out. Some sword formations even had more than one way out.
Therefore, many people wanted to find a way out to break a sword formation. It was also considered a flaw in the sword formation …
The person who created the sword formation did not like to leave a way out. After all, the more ways there were, the bigger the flaw. However, in order to complete the sword formation, there had to be a path of reincarnation of life and death. Only then could the front and back be connected. It could be said that there was no other choice.
For example, Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation also had a way out. However, the Little Purple River Sword Formation used extremely fine attacks to cover the way out. It was very difficult for ordinary people to find it.
As for the God-Slaying Sword Formation, there was no way out, only a dead end. This was the so-called killing formation. This was also the reason why the God-Slaying Sword Formation could become the most ferocious formation!
When the God-Slaying Sword Formation appeared, many Celestial Venerables' faces revealed a touch of seriousness!
"How did such a person appear in the Purple Extreme Realm?"
"First-grade Purple Extreme Yin Physique … That old woman Wu Ding really caught one!"
"No wonder this woman could come here. No wonder …"
The Purple Extreme Realm's existence in the universe was not strong.
There were only women in the realm, and there were not many of them. Moreover, they had no intention of dominating, so many great forces in the universe rarely paid attention to the Purple Extreme Realm …
Although they rarely paid attention, it did not mean that they would ignore it.
After all, the Purple Extreme Realm had the inheritance of a True God. Unfortunately, this inheritance was limited to the Purple Extreme Yin Physique. Ordinary warriors could not obtain it at all. Its value was not that great.
The title of the most ferocious formation was not limited to the universe. This was for the entire Deity Realm. Otherwise, why would it be called the God-Slaying Sword Formation?
Four swords flew out. When the sword formation was formed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes suddenly released a light that was like the sun!
"Whoosh!"
Feeling the danger, Xuanyuan Chenfeng retreated in an instant!
It was a crisis between life and death …
As the First Daoist, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's perception of danger was far more sensitive than ordinary people.
Because of this sensitivity, he could feel the terror of the most ferocious formation!
In the blink of an eye, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had retreated a thousand feet away. At the same time, he entered a state of battle. His eyes were dyed with a touch of blood!
Ever since he had entered the Illusory Battlefield, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had not fought seriously.
Even when he was defeated by Lie Qianhan, it was because he was tricked by Lie Qianhan's scheme. In the end, he was killed by the Heavenly Path's rules. At that time, he did not have the chance to show his strength. Or rather, he disdained to show his true strength.
However …
Xi Youqin had just arranged a part of the God-Slaying Sword Formation, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng was so vigilant!
The Daoists on the chess pieces were silent when they saw the sword formation …
Xi Youqin's strength was not strong.
Although the Little Purple River Sword Formation was exquisite, to these Daoists, it was not worth mentioning.
Thus, they did not see Xi Youqin as a worthy opponent …
In fact, including Luo Zheng, they had the same evaluation in their hearts.
Although Luo Zheng had defeated Ji Liansheng before, Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path was like this. If he could not find the item to guide the dream, Ji Liansheng was invincible. If he found it, he could defeat her instantly. This was not a reflection of strength. At best, Luo Zheng's strength could be considered as a top genius. There was still a big gap between him and a Daoist.
However, after Xi Youqin displayed the God-Slaying Sword Formation, it was indeed frightening!
That fear came from the murderous intent in the God-Slaying Sword. This murderous intent could even be called a kind of Dao Accumulation! Then, did Xi Youqin also open the Mahayana Lotus Flower? Was she also a Daoist?
The four illusory swords slowly floated beside Xi Youqin. She only glanced at Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was not far away, and said, "Don't come near me!"
After saying that, she gently jumped onto her chess piece and chose to admit defeat …
In this battle, Xi Youqin lost.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng remained in his original position. His expression was extremely unnatural.
Not to mention that he had so straightforwardly stated his deduced fate, he was frightened by the sword formation and retreated so far away. He was indeed in a very sorry state!
He was the first Daoist!
The strongest person among his peers. When had he ever been afraid of anyone?
However, the murderous intent that leaked out from the sword formation was too terrifying. Even now, when he thought about it, his choice was still correct.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng might not be unable to break that sword formation, but if he had been trapped in it just now, he was afraid that he would have died without a doubt. Until now, he still thought so!
This woman …
He thought that his deduction was absolutely correct.
Xi Youqin was clearly the person who was tied to him, but she did not believe it …
At this moment, he slightly raised his head and saw that there was someone looking at him from a chess piece not far away. It was Luo Zheng, who was standing tall.
Luo Zheng looked at him indifferently. His gaze was abnormally calm, but there was an indescribable feeling under the calmness.

Chapter 1338
Luo Zheng didn't have any ill feelings towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng before.
In fact, they didn't have any interactions …
But this time, he spoke to Xi Youqin in front of him. He didn't put him in his eyes at all.
Although Xi Youqin wasn't married, she was still his woman.
In many aspects, Luo Zheng was very generous. But how could he allow others to have improper thoughts towards his woman?
"What the hell!"
Xi Youqin, who was slowly floating up on a chess piece, curled her lips and said.
Although she didn't believe Xuanyuan Chenfeng's explanation of fate, she was also a little anxious. She was afraid that her fate would really play out like what Xuanyuan Chenfeng said.
Just now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had deduced her fate on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, but he didn't give Luo Zheng's fate. If what he said was true, then what would Luo Zheng do?
"A madman is just talking nonsense. Don't take it to heart," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"I didn't take it to heart!" Xi Youqin playfully blinked her eyes. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would be unhappy, but when she saw Luo Zheng's relaxed expression, she was relieved.
However, she didn't know what men were thinking. In many aspects, men had to bear great pressure, but this was the only thing that couldn't be tolerated!
Luo Zheng looked very relaxed, but in his heart, he already had a cold killing intent towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng …
The first battle ended with Xi Youqin taking the initiative to lose. But because it wasn't an elimination battle, there were still 11 people left.
Soon, the second battle began.
Just as Xuanyuan Chenfeng had guessed, the two chess pieces in the second battle were still inexplicably placed. Moreover, it wasn't an elimination battle either.
At this moment, many of the chess pieces on the board were very crucial, but the black and white sides didn't tangle. Instead, they set up another battle!
This battle was the puppet battle between Lie Qianhan and the only Daoist of the Demon Clan …
The collision between the Daoists would be very intense. They only needed to take one step forward to get a God Lattice Board. Everyone was very careful.
Lie Qianhan was very strong, but the puppet battle was also a Daoist of the Demon Clan. Both sides were vigilant.
However, after leaving the arena, both sides were waiting for the other to admit defeat …
Actually, whoever admitted defeat might have an impact on the game, but it didn't have much of an impact on them.
However, martial artists who had reached this level did not want to lose their momentum!
Lie Qianhan was originally an arrogant person. Even though he knew that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was stronger than him, he still planned to kill him once. How could he be willing to admit defeat this time?
As for the Dao Disciple of the Devil Race, Xuan Zhan, admitting defeat was even more of a humiliation.
After a moment of stalemate, the two of them actually started to fight …
This was the first battle between two Daoists. Lie Qianhan immediately unleashed the Lie Family's Supreme Artifact, the Wolf Fang Shadow! This was a divine weapon that was ranked eleventh on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele!
The puppet warrior's strength wasn't weak either. There weren't many geniuses in the Demon Race, but this puppet warrior was definitely one of the most stunning.
Fortunately, these two Daoists knew that the more intense their fight was, the more advantageous it would be for the other nine people.
If they were to encounter an elimination battle in the next round and one of them was chosen, their chances of winning would be greatly reduced when their trump cards were exposed!
In the middle of the battle, Lie Qianhan suppressed the puppet warrior …
Although the puppet warrior was unwilling to admit defeat, in order to preserve his strength, he could only choose to admit defeat at this moment.
This battle was won by Lie Qianhan.
Just as the two of them were worried, the third battle was an elimination battle, and the puppet warrior was really chosen!
When the puppet warrior was pressed onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard again, the entire Demon Race began to curse loudly.
Just now, when the puppet battle voluntarily admitted defeat, the demons thought that the puppet battle would definitely enter the top ten. After all, the chances of the puppet battle being selected twice in a row was not high. Furthermore, if someone participated in the elimination battles and was eliminated, then they could starve. It was almost certain that the puppet battle would obtain a god lattice plate.
However, they never thought that the puppet warrior would immediately fight again after admitting defeat!
Moreover, he was facing an elimination battle!
His opponent, however, was Ku Deng, an ordinary-looking little monk with a white and clean face! The only Daoist in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm, the reincarnation prodigy of the Hidden Spirit Mountain!
In this world, there were very few martial artists who could solve the mystery of the fetus.
Most martial artists would completely lose their memories when they were reincarnated …
However, as the largest temple in the universe, Hidden Spirit Mountain naturally had all kinds of powerful martial artists.
Ku Deng was reincarnated. He started to circulate the Heavenly Cycle when he was in the fetus, crazily absorbing the Connate True Qi. He could speak when he was born, started to cultivate when he was three months old, and broke through to the Connate Realm when he was one year old!
Ku Deng did not speak much, and his presence was very low. From the beginning to the end, very few people paid attention to him.
In the eyes of many people, Ku Deng's strength was not much stronger than Luo Zheng's, and he was at the bottom of the list.
The puppet warrior was very unhappy at first, but when he found that his opponent was the little monk, he was a little happy. It was not bad to eliminate the little monk personally.
However, no one expected that the fair and clean little monk, who did not have much presence, could kill the puppet warrior with a ray of Buddha's light within ten breaths of time. It seemed to be extremely easy!
This scene directly alerted the other Daoists. This Ku Deng had the strength to crush the other Daoists!
Inside the Hidden Forest Temple, the Buddha's light was shining, and incense was burning.
The Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region did not pay attention to the battle in the scroll …
On the main peak of the Hidden Forest Temple, tens of thousands of monks were neatly arranged in a huge square array, sitting cross-legged in front of the main hall in front of the main peak. Some of the monks closed their eyes, but most of them were staring at the scroll at the top of the main hall.
"Ku Deng defeated the demon Daoist …"
"It's just a demon Daoist, nothing to be proud of. Ku Deng's goal is to be in the top three, and he can even defeat the Daoist of the Xuanyuan family!"
"Amitabha, don't forget that you are a monk, don't blame the association …"
The Hidden Forest Temple was the only holy temple in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, and all the other temples were controlled by the Hidden Soul Mountain. Although it was powerful in the universe, it was extremely low-key and rarely participated in the battles of the outside world. In these years, the Hidden Soul Mountain was very mysterious in the eyes of outsiders.
As for the demons, at this moment, they were cursing even more fiercely!
Their only Daoist, who was only one step away from obtaining the God Lattice Plate, was eliminated at this time.
It was no wonder that they were unhappy …
Looking at the picture scroll again, other than Qing Yu, the rest were all human warriors. How could the Demon Race feel at ease with this?
In order to vent their dissatisfaction, some of the Demon Realm Lords even used the extremely precious Roaring Command to roar at the entire universe!
However, no matter how dissatisfied they were, they could only stare.
After one person was eliminated, the remaining ten people would each receive a God Lattice Plate …
While everyone was rejoicing, they naturally hoped to work hard and enter the top three!
However, in the next battle, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao fought, and his opponent was Luo Zheng …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was the first to be pressed on the chessboard. When he saw that jade-like hand holding down Luo Zheng, the corners of his mouth suddenly cracked open, revealing a satisfied smile.
"My luck is not bad. I've been waiting for this moment for a long time," Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao said, staring at Luo Zheng. He was originally a petty person.
In the Karma Hall, he suffered a great loss at Luo Zheng's hands …
Previously, he was worried that someone else would eliminate Luo Zheng, but he didn't expect to meet Luo Zheng in this battle!
It was a pity that he didn't fight Luo Zheng in the previous round. Now, even if he defeated or killed Luo Zheng, he would still be able to obtain the God Lattice Plate from Luo Zheng.
Hearing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's words, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly and took out the Sacred Massacre Spear first. In the battle between Daoists, Luo Zheng also knew that he couldn't be careless.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1339
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao stood in place, calmly watching Luo Zheng's movements, but there was a hint of mockery in his eyes.
In his opinion, Luo Zheng was only able to stand in front of him because of a bit of luck and the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Spear of Slaughter in his hands.
The person who forged this spear must have had some ideas. By combining the advantages of the two great Divine Trees, its power can be maximized … "The dark metal sword faintly communicated with him." However, the Four Great Divine Trees are incomparably huge. In the end, this is only a section of the Four Great Divine Trees. It only has some spirituality. A weapon born in this Heavenly Dao has an inherent deficiency. The roots of this Divine Tree can grow outside the Wall of Sighs and absorb the endless Primal Chaos Qi. Without the nourishment of the Primal Chaos Qi, the Divine Tree can only become rotten wood. Don't worry and kill him! Let him understand the true gap between us! "
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao nodded with a smile. This dark iron sword was not only his weapon, but also his close friend and mentor. Without this sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wouldn't have everything he had now …
"This Luo Zheng seems to have a grudge with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao?"
"Heh, I don't think Luo Zheng will win this battle. I don't think Luo Zheng is a spear user, but now he's relying on the sharpness of the Sacred Spear to kill his way up. If he encounters a truly capable Dao Child, his true colors will be revealed!"
"Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword is very special. It's at least a Supreme Divine Weapon, but it hasn't left its name on the Myriad Spirit Stele …"
"Haven't you heard? Some of the truly powerful weapons in this Wheel of Heavenly Dao have surpassed the Myriad Spirit Stele's limits and haven't left their names on it! "
The Myriad Spirit Stele could only detect the weapons in this Wheel of Heavenly Dao!
It couldn't record things that were beyond the Wheel of Heavenly Dao.
This was somewhat similar to Luo Zheng's Great Wide World Will. It was impossible to find the key memories of things that were beyond that Great Wide World.
In fact, when Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao stood out in the Four Clans Tournament, many people had their eyes on his sword, including Celestial Venerables …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was considered a top expert among his peers.
However, there were so many almighty experts in this Wheel of Heavenly Dao that there were naturally many who could seize his sword …
However, after coming into contact with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, these experts quietly chose to give up........ and pondered the reason behind this was worth pondering....
Now, most people were just here to watch the show.
.............................
In the eyes of many discerning people, the two of them relied on their weapons the most.
However, the Holy Slaughter Spear could only unleash its strongest power in Smoky's hands. Dugu Jian and Xiaoxiao were clearly superior …
According to this point of view, the majority of people were optimistic about Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
. As for Luo Zheng, it was already a very good result for him to stop at tenth place.
There were already too many dark horses in this round of the Dream Battlefield. Xi Youqin and Hua Tianming might be able to go further …
Most people didn't know the relationship between Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Xi Youqin. They only thought that they had met in the second round.
The only one who knew that they came from the same lower realm was probably the Jade Pure Sacred Ground's Ninth Palace Master.
"Is Luo Zheng confident of winning this battle?"
The Human Alliance's Dao Disciple had already been eliminated, so the entire Alliance could only place their hopes on Luo Zheng.
Ninth Palace Master's insight was naturally much higher than Ning Yudie's. However, when she saw Luo Zheng going up against Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, she didn't have much confidence.
Ning Yudie just silently watched her husband. She stared at Luo Zheng's calm and indifferent face and smiled slightly. "I believe that he will win."
"Is there a reason?" Ninth Palace Master stared at Ning Yudie and asked.
Ning Yudie shook her head. "No."
She didn't need a reason. She trusted him blindly.
The problem was that ever since she first met Luo Zheng, he had never disappointed her.
The battle on the chessboard of heaven and earth erupted at this moment!
Dugu wielded his sword and charged head-on toward Luo Zheng …
Many people would be wary of the Holy Spear of Slaughter. After all, this spear was too sharp. However, the dark metal sword had already hinted to Dugu that it wanted to crush Luo Zheng!
Whoosh!
That thin and small figure charged straight at Luo Zheng!
Dugu's movement technique was ordinary. It was the Plum Blossom movement technique commonly seen in Gods No Thought.
However, no one would look down on Dugu, because he was relying on that godly sword …
Just when Dugu Chong was halfway there, the dark iron sword suddenly flickered with a faint golden light. At the same time, it emitted an extremely special might!
"Kill him. Let him see the power of the Chaos Treasure!"
At this moment, the will of the dark metal sword gradually merged with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
In the face of a real battle, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao would also become a puppet. He would be controlled by the dark metal sword. However, this kind of control was voluntary. After a long period of companionship, he and the sword had become one!
"Sword of Origin Coalescence!"
In the sword light, there were wisps of gray light mixed in. The golden light was the Law of Metal. Although it was incomparably sharp, it was the gray light that was strange!
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others noticed this light. Their eyebrows suddenly jumped!
What kind of power was this!
The true teachings of the ten Daoists all came from the top experts of this universe.
Their vision was so broad that it even surpassed some of the Realm Lords of the large peripheral worlds …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword technique did not use any tricks. The Law of Metal was sharp, but many prodigies could also control about the sixth level of the Law of Metal!
But what was that grayish light?
At the same time, in the Ji Family, after Ji Nan noticed the gray light, a small "Chuan" character appeared between her eyebrows. Her eyes were constantly flickering …
Following Ji Liansheng's defeat, the victory in the painting had nothing to do with the Ji Family.
However, most people still wanted to observe the battle between these Daoists. Even if they watched, it would be very beneficial to them if they could comprehend it deeply.
However, at this moment, Ji Nan discovered that the piece of Creation Wood in her body was extremely restless.
The source of that restlessness seemed to be due to hunger and thirst?
Why would that gray light cause her piece of Creation Wood to have such a reaction?
As for Luo Zheng, he was slightly stunned when he saw that gray light.
That was an aura that Luo Zheng was extremely familiar with, Primal Chaos!
Ever since he opened up the Primal Chaos Sea, Luo Zheng had replaced Primal Chaos Aura with Primal Chaos Aura …
The Primal Chaos Secret Technique did not have a method to use Primal Chaos Aura. However, Primal Chaos Aura was purer and more powerful than Primal Chaos Aura. It greatly increased his cultivation technique.
However, this was not a proper use after all …
Actually, this was a small oversight by Luo Zheng's master.
Even Luo Zheng's master had never thought that there would really be someone in this world who could successfully cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Technique!
Was there any cultivation technique in the Realm of the Gods that could use Primal Chaos Aura?
Yes!
However, even a True God would die upon contact with Primal Chaos Aura. It was impossible to use it for oneself.
True Gods could not use Primal Chaos Aura, but there were two things that could be used …
One was the Four Great Divine Trees, and the other was the Primal Chaos Treasure!
Just as that lousy sword had said, the four divine trees were located in the north, south, east, and west respectively. The growth of these four divine trees depended on Primal Chaos Aura!
Their roots, which were hundreds of millions of miles long, grew outside the Wall of Sighs and continuously absorbed Primal Chaos Aura. Only the divine trees that relied on Primal Chaos Aura to nurture could support the enormous Divine Realm!
Since Primal Chaos Aura was so powerful, there would always be True Gods who coveted it.
After countless years of research, a few extremely talented almighties were born. They used Primal Chaos Aura as the source to refine Primal Chaos Treasures!
Such treasures were originally formed in Primal Chaos and could control Primal Chaos Aura to a certain extent!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's dark iron sword came from the Divine Realm. It was a Primal Chaos Treasure!

Chapter 1340
Strictly speaking, the "Sword of Origin Coalescence" was not a technique from the Realm of the Gods, or rather, it was not a technique for True Gods to cultivate.
The Realm of the Gods did not have a system for cultivating the Chaos. In theory, there was no Chaos technique suitable for True Gods to cultivate, and no True Gods would create such a technique.
However, this dark iron sword was a Chaos Treasure. When it was forged, it already had the magical power to use the Chaos, which was the "Sword of Origin Coalescence."
This lousy sword did not seem to have a good temper.
Last time, Luo Zheng tricked the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, which was equivalent to tricking the sword …
This time, facing Luo Zheng, it used its magical power!
"This is the aura of the Chaos …"
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment before he realized what was happening.
Now, the Sea of Chaos in Luo Zheng's body was getting thicker and thicker, and the World Tree was gradually emerging from the sea.
Because of the trial in the Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng had a vague feeling of a breakthrough. If he could break through to the Extreme Divine Realm, perhaps the Sea of Chaos would gradually solidify …
The Chaos originally existed in the form of aura.
Back then, Luo Zheng had learned about it when he saw his Master roaming the Chaos through those books.
But now, Luo Zheng's cultivation was gradually liquefying the Chaos and solidifying it. How far would the Inner World evolve?
The problem now was …
This Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also controlled the Chaos?
Didn't his Master say that no one had successfully cultivated the Secret Technique of Chaos since ancient times?
Even a powerful figure like his Master could not cultivate the Secret Technique of Chaos. How could this guy in front of him use a technique that contained the Chaos?!
"Retreat!"
Puzzled, Luo Zheng chose to retreat immediately.
This Sword of Origin Coalescence was extremely ingenious!
He did not seem to transform the Chaos into Vital Essence, but directly merged the Chaos Qi and the Metal Elemental Law into one!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
As Luo Zheng kept retreating, the golden and gray lights kept extending and shooting toward Luo Zheng …
The golden lights were fine, and Luo Zheng's Divine Artifact Body could resist some of them. However, the gray lights, stimulated by the Metal Elemental Law, seemed to be able to penetrate everything!
"Whoosh!"
"Puff!"
At this moment, a golden light and a gray light pierced toward Luo Zheng's body!
The golden light could not break through Luo Zheng's Physical Elemental Law …
However, the gray light easily pierced through Luo Zheng, leaving a round bloody hole in his body. The flesh and blood in the bloody hole seemed to have melted away in an instant!
"Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's mind raced …
The Chaos Qi was Luo Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Zheng.
Previously, Luo Zheng's use of the Chaotic Qi was limited to the Heavenly Demon God Fist, which allowed the Chaotic Qi to have the ability to devour and transform.
Of Luo Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Luo, Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo. Luo Zheng, Luo, to Luo Luo. Luluo Zheng,, Luo Zheng Luo Luo Luo. Luo Zheng, Luo of Luo, Luo, Luo
After all, Luo Luo's Master could roam the endless Chaos. But the Primal Chaos Secret Technique did not mention this characteristic …
Now that he saw the Primal Chaos Return to One Sword, Luo Zheng was reminded of something!
Why did he neglect the essentials and focus on trifles? Why did he transform Chaos into Vital Essence?
What if he directly stimulated the power of Chaos?
Luo Zheng also cultivated the Metal Elemental Law. He had already comprehended the fifth level of the Metal Elemental Law, the Golden Shield …
But to Luo Zheng, it was better than nothing. It was not as good as his body, so he rarely used it.
"Run, haha. Let's see where you can run to. Weren't you very cool in the Karma Hall?"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao waved her broken sword and chased after Luo Zheng. From afar, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao looked like a hedgehog. Golden and gray light shot out from her broken sword. They were sharp thorns that pressed toward Luo Zheng!
Although the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was huge, its surface area was limited …
To these Dao Disciples, it would take them no more than a breath to charge across this 100,000 feet long chessboard.
Before long, Luo Zheng would be forced into a corner. The final result was obvious. No matter how strong his body was, it would be pierced by the two-colored light …
"Luo Zheng is going to lose." Xuanyuan Chenfeng glanced indifferently, then closed his eyes. He was thinking of a way to break the gray light …
Ji Luoxue curled her lips. "What a pity …"
"He fell into such a situation with one move. Not exciting," Lie Qianhan commented.
The battle between Luo Zheng and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was indeed not exciting. Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had used the Primal Chaos Return to One Sword to break the problem. She went straight for Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng did not seem to be able to resist at all.
"Like I said, Luo Zhen's strength is not bad. But compared to a real Dao Disciple, the gap is too big!"
"Even if he loses, he can still get the Divine Spark Plate! Hehe, if he's lucky one day, maybe there will be a Divine Spark in the Immortal Abode. Won't he become a True God right away? "
"I can only say that this guy's luck is good. I'm so envious …"
In many people's eyes, as an ascender, Luo Zheng was already extremely lucky to have reached this stage.
Which of the core geniuses and even the prodigies of those large factions was worse than Luo Zheng? But they had already been eliminated long ago. They could only watch from the sidelines.
It was Luo Zheng's honor to be defeated by Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
Xi Youqin stood on the chessboard, while Ning Yudie stood gracefully in the Jade Pure Sacred Land. Both of them were watching their husband.
They did not believe that their husband would be defeated so easily until the last moment.
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed with a faint light. "We haven't fought yet. You won't lose!"
"Puff!"
Even though Luo Zheng used the Eight Winding Smoke Technique to dodge the rays of light that looked like hedgehogs, there were still times when he was hit.
Normally, when a weapon entered the body and was pulled out, it would leave behind a long and thin wound. However, when this sharp gray light pierced into the body, it would leave behind a round and bloody hole. The flesh and blood in that area would completely disappear. This wound looked ghastly, and blood was crazily gushing out like a fountain.
"Hahaha, give up. You should be glad that this isn't the outside world. You can save your dog life!" The expression on Dugu's face grew crazier and crazier. After the broken sword merged with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body, its thoughts had changed.
Under such pressure, Luo Zheng retreated from the Heaven Origin on the chessboard and retreated behind the two stars. Finally, he arrived at the edge of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard! His blood flowed out, leaving a ghastly bloody line on the chessboard.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had nowhere to retreat …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao carried the broken sword and took large strides forward. His face was filled with malevolence.
In Dugu's view, Luo Zheng was already doomed. There was no way he could escape!
Even a True God would pale at the mention of the Primal Chaos. To deal with a Divine Ocean Realm warrior in this universe, it should be said that there was no need to use a butcher's knife to kill a chicken!
According to the broken sword's plan, under normal circumstances, it wouldn't personally attack. Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao still needed to temper herself. But at this moment, facing Luo Zheng, it really wanted to avenge Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's humiliation. That was why it personally attacked and used such a violent method to kill Luo Zheng!
"Die!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was really about to activate the Sword of Origin Coalescence …
One could imagine that in the next moment, Luo Zheng's body would be filled with countless bloody holes.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng slightly raised the double-pointed spear and pointed it at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. A faint smile suddenly appeared on his face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face was slightly puzzled. If she was in Luo Zheng's situation, she definitely wouldn't be able to smile!
If she could smile, then she must have a backup plan.
But what kind of backup plan could this guy have?
What hadn't this broken sword from the Realm of the Gods seen before?
In this universe, what kind of cultivation technique could break his Origin Returning to One?
But soon, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao understood …
Above the double-pointed spear's tip, there was also a hint of gold …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao knew that this was the Metal Law condensed from True Essence. It was only at the early fifth level, not worth mentioning! If the Metal Law in this universe wanted to block its Sword of Origin Coalescence, it would need to be at least at the eighth level!
However, after the flash of gold appeared, a grey light condensed at the same time!

Chapter 1341
The Mixed Elements Return to One Sword displayed by this broken sword was not the true complete version.
If this sword was at its peak, it could condense Yin and Yang energies. With Yin and Yang energies as the foundation, it could condense a "chaotic hole," and the gray light condensed from the chaotic energy would be born from the chaotic hole …
However, after this sword was damaged, its power had fallen to rock bottom, not to mention that the sword was wielded by a Divine Sea Realm martial artist!
In the end, it came up with an alternative plan!
With the Metal Law as the foundation, it could replace the chaotic hole …
However, the Metal Law had weakened a lot, and the Origin Coalescence Sword was not as powerful as before.
However, it was still too easy to kill Luo Zheng with this method …
Even a Real God would be afraid of the power contained in the Chaotic Qi. Even though it had been weakened countless times, how could a little guy at the Divine Sea Realm resist it?
However, this broken sword had witnessed such an unbelievable scene.
Luo Zheng's spear also used the Metal Law as the foundation and condensed a gray light!
Origin Coalescence Sword …
The Metal Law at the tip of the spear was not worth mentioning.
However, what was the meaning of this gray light?
Chaotic energy?
This broken sword had been passed down from the God Realm, so it naturally knew how terrifying the chaotic energy was.
Everything returned to chaos, and chaos was the foundation of all living things. It was also the grave of all living things. Even now, the study of chaos had not been completely thorough …
In order to use the chaotic energy, the True Gods of the God Realm had studied it for countless years, but to no avail.
However, one of the Divine Sea Refiners had taken a different path!
He gave up the Primordial Astral Treasure refining path and switched to the chaotic energy refining path.
As a result, there was another path for refining treasures in the universe. Since then, the two major refining methods had parted ways. One was the Primordial Treasure, the other was the Primordial Treasure!
Only the Primordial Treasure could directly use the chaotic energy …
The guy in front of it was a living human! A Divine Sea Realm junior of the human race!
How could he use the chaotic energy?
At this moment, the shock of the broken sword could be imagined …
Luo Zheng was able to successfully cultivate the Primordial Chaos Secret Technique in the past. It was actually a coincidence.
In fact, the reason why Luo Zheng's master created the Primordial Chaos Secret Technique was that he was inspired by the Primordial Treasure refining method.
In the God's Domain, Luo Zheng's Master was not the only one who had thought of this.
To put it bluntly, it was just transforming the Primal Chaos Qi into True Essence for cultivation.
When one cultivated true essence, they would be able to open up an inner world. However, this inner world was formed by true essence. Once the matter left the body, it would have to return to the world, so it would dissipate. Once the living beings left the body, they would die.
Chaos energy was the origin of all things. If that was the case, then an inner world constructed from chaos would be a true inner world!
Many True Gods had already come to this conclusion!
Unfortunately, there were all kinds of strange physiques in this world, but none of them could contain Primal Chaos Qi!
The only things that could contain Chaotic Qi were some special magic treasures, such as the broken sword that was a Chaos Supreme Treasure …
Therefore, it was useless to create a cultivation method like the Primal Chaos Secret Technique.
It was equivalent to creating a peerless divine arrow, but not having a good bow that could shoot it.
However, Luo Zheng's Master was omnipotent. In the end, he created the peerless divine arrow called the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. In the end, he encountered Luo Zheng's "bow" and shot the arrow, becoming the first person to control Primal Chaos Qi …
Luo Zheng's Master had never thought of such a coincidence.
Luo Zheng himself did not know either.
At this moment, after Luo Zheng's train of thought was connected, he used the same method to release Mixed Elements Become One through the spear in his hand!
This move was powered by the Metal Elemental Law, so it could not be called Mixed Elements Become One. It could only be called "Metal Elemental Become One." However, the name was not important. What was important was the power of this spear!
The Metal Elemental Law might not be enough.
However, the Primal Chaos Qi in Luo Zheng's body was much more solid than that broken sword!
"Weng weng weng …"
The golden light that blossomed from the tip of the Holy Spear of Slaughter was constantly buzzing!
This broken sword was not afraid of the golden light!
Back in the Karma Hall, it had helped Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao resist the corrosion of the Heavenly Dao's rules. It could have protected her from death!
However, it was the gray light contained within the golden light that made its mind tremble …
The gray light that erupted from Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword and the gray light that pierced out from Luo Zheng's spear converged in an instant!
"Heh …"
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
The Primal Chaos Qi had another special characteristic. It was a special characteristic that Luo Zheng had bestowed upon it through his own adaptations — devouring.
At the moment of the collision, the countless experts in front of the scroll and the ten Daoists in the scroll saw Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's gray light begin to shrink rapidly, while Luo Zheng's gray light also began to shrink rapidly …
As the gray light decreased and the gray light increased, it naturally shot toward Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
At this moment, the broken sword's mind was filled with questions. It had already completely sealed off Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's soul and taken control of her physical body in all aspects.
Facing Luo Zheng, it felt a great sense of danger. At this moment, it could not afford to be distracted in the slightest!
However, even though it knew that it could not afford to be distracted, it could not help but ponder. Why did Luo Zheng possess the Primal Chaos Qi?
This cultivation technique was probably nothing in this universe. The fellows under the Heavenly Dao were not knowledgeable enough and probably did not understand the Primal Chaos Qi.
However, if it was thrown into the Realm of the Gods, it would probably cause the True Gods to boil with excitement!
The path of True Essence had already evolved to the peak in the Realm of the Gods. There was no possibility of further advancement.
However, the True Gods of the Realm of the Gods did not have enough understanding of the Primal Chaos Qi. If this guy could really use the Primal Chaos Qi, it would probably bring about a revolution in the Realm of the Gods.
However, this broken sword did not see through Luo Zheng's Dharma treasure body.
After stepping into the Divine Tool, Luo Zheng's physical body had become more and more complete. However, it had concealed the aura of the weapon.
Even if the Primal Chaos Secret Art spread throughout the Realm of the Gods, it was likely that no one would be able to cultivate it …
On the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth, the roles of the two had been switched!
Previously, it had been the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao who had chased Luo Zheng all the way with the sword in her hand, forcing Luo Zheng into a corner of the chessboard.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to be killed, the situation had completely reversed. Now, it was Luo Zheng who was chasing after the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
"This Luo Zheng is also controlling the Primal Chaos Qi! This … what exactly happened to him? "The old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Clan muttered to himself.
The broken sword had thought that none of the martial artists in this universe would recognize the Primal Chaos Qi. However, it had underestimated the experts of this universe.
In this universe, aside from the supreme divine tools on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, there were also treasures that surpassed supreme divine tools that were not on the list …
The Heavenly Dao could no longer use the Laws to detect the existence of these treasures. However, the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele relied on the Law of Karma to collect the rankings of all the treasures and even categorize them into different grades.
In this universe, aside from the broken sword, there were also two Primal Chaos Treasures and two Grandmist Treasures. One of the Primal Chaos Treasures had fallen into the hands of the old Patriarch.
From the moment the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had stabbed out with the Chaos Origin Coalescence Sword, the several Celestial Venerables had begun to pay attention to the broken sword. Previously, they had never imagined that the broken sword would actually be a Primal Chaos Treasure.
What was even more unexpected was that …
Luo Zheng's final stab also contained the Primal Chaos Qi!
Ordinary martial artists simply couldn't see through the mystery behind it. They only thought that Luo Zheng had suddenly displayed his might and unexpectedly chased after the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to turn the tables.
However, as to why Luo Zheng had turned the tables and turned the situation around, these martial artists simply couldn't understand.
The several Celestial Venerables understood the reason behind it, but understanding didn't mean that they could understand the whole story. Just like the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword, they had no idea where Luo Zheng had obtained the Primal Chaos Qi!
"Could there be a Primal Chaos Sea inside this little guy's body?"
The Deities Without Thought Heavenly Venerables guessed as a thought flashed through his mind.
This guess was relatively close to the truth, but also extremely unreasonable. How could this Luo Zheng possess a Primal Chaos Sea …
"Wait, wait …"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao suddenly spoke up as he retreated. From the looks of it, he was about to give up resisting.
Luo Zheng gripped his spear and coldly stared at the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. "What are you waiting for?"
"Where did the Primal Chaos Qi you use come from?!" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao couldn't help but ask. At this moment, the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's soul had been completely sealed, so the one speaking was the broken sword.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1342
The Primal Chaos Secret Technique involved his master and even the secret of his own body. How could he easily reveal it to his opponent?
Just now, when he saw the Mixed Elements Return to One Sword, he had a flash of inspiration and imitated it in the same way.
The effect was very shocking.
In this way, the method displayed by the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword could be considered as opening a door for Luo Zheng, giving Luo Zheng another path of enlightenment.
Luo Zheng just smiled indifferently. "I picked it up!"
After saying that, the spear suddenly advanced with the momentum of a flood dragon!
The Holy Slaughter Spear was originally indestructible. Perhaps it could not match this Primal Chaos Treasure, but its destructive power was also shocking!
Not to mention that the spear light contained the Law of Metal and the gray light born from the Primal Chaos Qi.
Even though Luo Zheng had forced the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao into a desperate situation, she had never given up …
This sword was also an object with a great history in the Realm of the Gods!
It had accompanied its former master for tens of billions of years. It was just that in the battle of Spirit Mountain, its former master had died in battle, and it had been severely damaged, so it had become a lifeless broken sword.
The ultimate goal of this sword was to let the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao continue to grow and eventually become a True God. Then, it would bring it back to the Realm of the Gods, repair it, and complete its revenge!
That was why it had paid such a huge price to sneak into this Illusory Battlefield and help the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to stand here …
The top ten only had a single God Lattice Plate.
As an object of the Realm of the Gods, it certainly knew that the God Spark Plate was the foundation of becoming a True God. It did not mean that one could become a True God with the God Spark Plate. There were too many conditions to truly cultivate the body of a True God …
Therefore, the further it helped the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to go, the greater the possibility of success.
Now that it had been defeated by this boy, how could this sword not be reconciled?
And all its unwillingness was reflected on the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face.
"Do you really think … you've won?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's spear fiercely thrusting towards her, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao raised her sword horizontally and gently lowered it …
Dugu's action was as if he was placing the sword on a sword rack. Just like that, he placed the sword in the air while he continuously retreated backwards!
After taking two steps back, Dugu's body fell to the ground with a loud thud. His eyes were tightly shut, and he was unconscious!
As for that broken sword, it suddenly spiraled in the air and headed straight for Luo Zheng.
This sword was actually able to defend itself against the enemy …
Victory or defeat in this arena was determined by one side being killed or one side admitting defeat.
After being controlled by the sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's soul fell into a deep sleep. It was as if Luo Zheng was fighting with the sword, while his opponent, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, was lying on the ground …
"Wow, what method did Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao use? This is using perception to control the sword! "
"I think Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao has fainted. How can she use perception?"
"Something's not right. Why do I feel like the sword is the main character?"
Most people didn't know the inside story …
Back then, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had attracted the attention of some powerhouses from Gods No Thought. The four great families had also personally asked about it.
Even the Original Sin Heavenly Venerable had personally asked about it because he wanted to take the sword …
However, the sword's response was very firm. Although it wanted to return to the Realm of the Gods, it was a chaotic treasure of the Realm of the Gods. It absolutely couldn't be controlled by anyone. Even a Heavenly Venerable couldn't control it!
It had always been the sword that chose its master, not the other way around!
If someone from Gods No Thought attacked Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, it would choose to seal itself. At that time, it would be nothing more than scrap metal.
In the end, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was a martial artist from Gods No Thought. Since the sword's attitude was so firm, the four great families quietly suppressed this matter and no longer had any ideas about the sword. Otherwise, with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's cultivation and strength, such a divine object would have been snatched away by others long ago.
Only a few people knew about this matter. Naturally, outsiders didn't know.
"Clang!"
Even if this sword was just a broken sword, it was still a chaotic treasure from the Realm of the Gods.
Killing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was easy, but to destroy this sword? That was simply impossible …
Luo Zheng's spear thrust out. The golden gray spear light stabbed into the sword's body, but there was only a long and crisp sound. The longsword trembled for a moment, then circled around Luo Zheng's back and strangled the back of Luo Zheng's head!
Since it didn't need to protect Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, this sword was somewhat unrestrained!
Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast. The tip of his spear slid along the ground, leaving a thin mark. Then, he suddenly flicked it backward!
The Metal Element Law bloomed!
"Metal Element Unification!"
This move, which he had learned on the spot, was also extremely powerful!
Moreover, Luo Zheng had no choice but to do so. This sword was too powerful. Even if he had the body of a Divine Artifact, he would still be beheaded by this sword!
"Clang!"
A crisp sound rang out. The golden gray spear light once again bounced off the broken sword!
Now, Luo Zheng's back was facing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, and he was facing the broken sword …
But just as the spear bounced off the broken sword, the sword circled around in the air again. From the surface of the sword, a faint color appeared. At the same time, the entire sword began to vibrate slowly. As the sword vibrated, a frightening Dao Connotation spread out.
Although this Dao Connotation was incomparably weak, it was still a complete Dao Connotation. It was far from being comparable to the Dao Connotations of the other Daoists!
Hua Tianming, who had been observing the situation on the chessboard, suddenly widened his eyes. Cracks began to appear on the scabbard on his back!
"Pa, pa …"
This scabbard was made of dragon skin. Attached to the surface of the scabbard were rings of black tendons!
But at this moment, the dragon tendons were stretched and snapped. The long sword in the scabbard was like a wild beast, trying to break free!
Hua Tianming stretched out his hand and pressed on the sword's hilt. His eyes flickered with a strange light. He said softly, "Calm down, calm down …"
Under his comforting words, the restlessness of the sword gradually dissipated.
Such a powerful aura spread out. The other eight Daoists on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard all had different expressions.
Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes were incomparably solemn …
Their goal was to obtain first place. Naturally, they had to pay attention to their potential opponents.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had already displayed her skills in Gods No Thought. But at that time, she was still not a threat to them …
But they did not expect this sword to be so powerful!
Qing Yu from the Fiend Night Clan was silent. She did not have much of a reaction to this scene.
Ku Deng from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region put his palms together. The Buddhist Jade Beads in his hand slowly rotated in his palm. He only said softly, "Amitabha …"
As for Xi Youqin, her face was full of worry. She pursed her lips. If Luo Zheng was eliminated, she would immediately admit defeat and go to Huan Yu to find Luo Zheng.
When this aura suddenly erupted, the sword did not give Luo Zheng much time to think. It suddenly pierced towards Luo Zheng!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face.
He suddenly held the long spear horizontally. The finger behind his back gently flicked, and a thin wind blade shot out. The wind blade was not aimed at the broken sword, but at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao behind him!
"Puff!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was still unconscious and had no strength to resist. Naturally, the wind blade that Luo Zheng flicked from his fingertips could not block it.
He was going to easily take Dugu Jian's head …
At the same time, the broken sword arrived in an instant. In the end, it stopped abruptly in front of Luo Zheng's chest and could not move an inch further!
"Luo Zheng wins this battle! Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao loses … "
The mysterious girl's voice rang out at this moment.
The rules of this Chessboard of Heaven and Earth were to kill the opponent or admit defeat.
Luo Zheng was not completely confident that he could block this sword. However, there was no need for him to do so. He only needed to kill Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao behind him to win. However, Luo Zheng had used a trick.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The broken sword vibrated crazily in front of Luo Zheng's chest. It seemed to be very unwilling and determined to assassinate Luo Zheng …
However, the mysterious girl was watching. With the rules set, how could she let Luo Zheng be assassinated?

Chapter 1343
The chess pieces on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard were the black and white chess pieces.
An ordinary chessboard had 19 vertical and horizontal lines, which were 361 points. There were 181 black chess pieces and 180 white chess pieces.
In theory, there were 361 battles, which was enough to fill the entire chessboard.
However, there were 36 vertical and horizontal lines on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, which was 1,296 points.
The previous 300 cultivators had been eliminated, so there were 290 elimination battles. The number of non-elimination battles was several times more than the elimination battles! Adding the two together, there were 803 battles …
However, after these 803 battles, the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was still unclear!
In the previous era, this situation did not occur.
In the previous era, the mysterious girl's self-play was already a foregone conclusion. After only 726 battles, the white chess pieces already had an irreversible advantage.
The clearer the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was, the easier it was to calculate …
The situation of the black and white chess pieces was still chaotic, so the mysterious girl started a cycle system.
In fact, the Celestial Venerables who had analyzed the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard had many doubts.
There were only five battles left among the 10 people, and one of them had a bye. Then, among the six people, three more chess pieces could be played.
Although there were many winning and losing moves on the chessboard, the remaining moves were not enough to fill the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
When the rules were announced, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and his long sword flew into the sky and landed on a chess piece.
At this moment, Dugu slowly woke up and looked at Luo Zheng on the chessboard. He was still in a daze and had no idea what had happened.
"Lost," the broken sword said to Dugu.
"Lost! Didn't I get eliminated … "Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face darkened.
"There's still a chance …"
"Yes!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and this sword were like lips and teeth.
He treated this sword as his teacher, and this sword treated him as family.
Even if he was occasionally controlled by this sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not mind. He knew very well that if it were not for this divine sword, he would not be where he was today.
"What a pity …" Hua Tianming shook his head lightly.
He knew that Luo Zheng should have other ways to deal with this sword, but Luo Zheng still used a trick.
However, Luo Zheng was not wrong. Before the final battle, preserving his strength as much as possible was also a tactic …
Luo Zheng was not the only one doing this. Every Dao Disciple present was doing the same.
The cycle system could accurately determine the level of strength, and at the same time, reduce everyone's psychological pressure.
The next battle …
That jade-like hand gently fluttered and landed on Qing Yu's chess piece, while the other jade-like hand grabbed Ji Luoxue.
This battle began between the two women!
"It's finally Ji Luo …"
"Rumor has it that her Five Elements Divine Dao has yet to be fully comprehended. In terms of strength, she should be slightly inferior to Lie Qianhan, right?"
"I'm Xiaoxiao" Xiaoxiao Hua, Xiaoxiao "Xiaoxiao" "Xiaoxiao"
The name Ji Luoxue was extremely famous in [Gods No Thought] as well …
After all, she could be considered half a Dao Disciple of the Ji Family, so her background naturally went without saying. The Ji Family was ranked second among the four great families, second only to the Xuanyuan Family. Coupled with her extremely perfect appearance and figure, she could be considered the dream lover of countless cultivators.
However, most of them had only heard of her. Ji Luo Xue cultivated in the Ji Family all day long, so most people had only heard of her name but had never seen her in person. Now that they had seen her, she naturally attracted the attention of the entire human race …
At this moment, Ji Luo Xue slowly stepped down from the chessboard. On her small almond-shaped face, a pair of piercingly cold eyes seemed to be able to freeze one's soul. A graceful and imposing aura emanated from her body …
Outside the painting, many men couldn't help but have vulgar thoughts when they saw such a beauty.
But as the aura was released, it caused their hearts to tremble, and those wretched and messy thoughts instantly disappeared.
On one side, Ji Luo Xue was devastatingly beautiful, but on the other side, Qing Yu was also a peerless beauty.
Soft Whisper's wavy hair draped over her shoulders, and her entire body exuded a vigorous vitality. Every movement she made seemed to exude a rich life force. Her dark green leather armor tightly clasped around her body, accentuating her impressive figure …
Ji Luo Xue stood there elegantly, but after Qing Yu stepped down from the chessboard, she walked towards Ji Luo Xue of her own accord.
Clap, clap, clap …
Her knee-high leather boots clicked on the chessboard, and a graceful and luxurious smile appeared on her slightly round oval face. "You're Ji Luo Xue, right?"
Ji Luo Xue tilted her head slightly and stared at the woman from the Yao Night Clan.
Qing Yu?
She had never heard of such a Dao Disciple in the Yao Night Clan. She seemed to have appeared out of thin air …
This woman's gaze made her feel very uncomfortable.
It was the gaze of someone who had been in a position of power for a long time.
Ji Luo Xue could only feel this gaze when she faced the seniors of the four great families, or even the Ji Family's ancestor.
"I'm Ji Luo Xue," she replied coldly.
Qing Yu smiled faintly. "You're a good seedling. Your Dao foundation is very stable, and if you really enter the Five Elements Divine Dao, you'll probably advance rapidly. However …"
"Thank you for the compliment. We can begin now." Ji Luo Xue coldly interrupted Qing Yu. She really hated this woman's tone. It was as if she was judging her from a higher position.
"I'm not done yet. It's very impolite." Qing Yu shook her head.
"Hmph!"
With Ji Luo Xue's arrogant personality, how could she possibly listen to this woman? She took the first step forward …
"Hualala …"
A piercing chill suddenly spread from Ji Luo Xue's body!
The light of the Five Elements Laws shimmered from the Five Elements Finger Chain in her hand. As she charged forward, her slender fingers transformed into sharp claws and swept towards Qing Yu!
"Five Elements Sky Severing Claws!"
The current Ji Luo Xue was completely different from the Ji Luo Xue Luo Zheng had encountered back then …
At that time, Ji Luo Xue had split into two with a single thought, and her strength had been greatly reduced!
At this moment, she attacked with the ultimate technique of the Ji Family's ancestor!
Cough! Cough!
An ear piercing tearing sound resounded from the space beside Qing Yu!
The space was like a piece of paper that was torn apart by the invisible Sky Severing Claws, and the claw mark stretched all the way towards Qing Yu …
If Qing Yu was swept by this claw, her entire body would be torn into pieces!
However, Qing Yu only smiled at Ji Luo Xue. That smile was like a blooming daffodil that caused one's heart to flutter!
After that, she stretched out a hand.
To be precise, it was a finger …
This finger stood in the air and blocked the Five Elements Sky Severing Claws!
Crack! Crack! Crack!
A cracking sound resounded, and the claw mark instantly disintegrated.
When she saw this scene, Ji Luo Xue's expression changed. The tip of her foot lightly tapped on the chessboard, and her skirt fluttered lightly. Her body moved horizontally, and she once again clawed down from above!
Qing Yu still raised her wrist and placed her flawless white hand above her head. She stretched out her slender finger and blocked before her forehead. It was as if the sun was too bright and she wanted to block it.
She once again used a finger to block Ji Luo Xue's attack.
This scene not only caused Ji Luo Xue's expression to change, but also caused the entire Ji Family to seethe with excitement.
"Five Elements Sky Severing Claws … Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't block it so easily!"
"Who on earth is Qing Yu?"
"Due to the internal strife in the Demon Night Clan, there haven't been any outstanding geniuses in the past few years! How did one appear out of nowhere? "
In the past few years, the two kings of the Demon Night Clan had been fighting each other. Although it didn't affect the clan's foundation, it wasn't as prosperous as it used to be. The most obvious thing was that the number of geniuses in the clan had drastically decreased. This great era had descended, and geniuses from the various clans had appeared out of nowhere. However, the Demon Night Clan was the opposite. The geniuses they had produced couldn't compete with the other clans at all.
Now that one had suddenly appeared, the Ji Family was extremely puzzled …
"I said it, but I haven't finished. Do you want to continue listening?" Qing Yu stubbornly repeated herself. It was as if she wouldn't attack until she finished speaking.
Ji Luo Xue frowned slightly. He stared at Qing Yu and asked, "What do you want to say?"

Chapter 1344
No matter who it was, they would be extremely displeased to hear such condescending words.
It sounded like an admonishment, but it was actually a blatant provocation.
At this moment, the atmosphere in the Ji Family had already exploded!
The discussions, curses, and roars could almost lift the roof of the main hall below the scroll …
"This bitch seems to specialize in the Law of Life? She's a Daoist of the Fiend Night Clan. What kind of Divine Dao does she cultivate? "
"Speaking to our Luoxue in such a tone, she doesn't think she's some big shot, does she?"
"Luoxue's strength isn't bad. Before the Illusory Battlefield, she brought Black Snow into the Holy Altar to cultivate the Five Elements Reincarnation. Even if she encountered Xuanyuan Chenfeng, they would only be evenly matched! How can this bitch be so arrogant? "
Ji Luoxue had placed all of the Ji Family's hopes on her.
Even if she hadn't fully bloomed her lotus flower, her achievements after becoming a Daoist would definitely not be weaker than Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan …
Although the Ji Family was only one of the families in the Gods No Thoughts, it was still a major force in the universe that couldn't be ignored!
How could they tolerate this woman treating the pride of the Ji Family in such a manner?
Even the Ji Family's ancestor behind the crowd had a fierce look on his face as he stared at the scroll …
With Ji Luoxue's personality, killing intent flashed in her soul-stirring eyes when she heard those words.
However, that killing intent only flashed for a moment before quickly fading away. Boundless coldness appeared in her eyes once again.
As a prodigy of the Ji Family, how stable was her state of mind?
How could she be pushed to the brink of losing her composure just because of a few words …?
After thinking for a moment, Ji Luoxue said indifferently, "There are trillions of cultivators participating in this great battle. Almost all of the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators in the universe are participating … Some of them became cannon fodder and were slaughtered at will. Some can only be used as stepping stones. Even more can only choose between life and death to prove their own martial dao.
"Everyone has their own goals. I carry the Ji Family's hopes on me! Since I've already come this far, I naturally don't mind climbing one more step! "
"If that's the case, why admit defeat?"
Ji Luoxue's voice was clear and cold, powerful and resonant!
Hearing these words, the sound of clapping could be heard from afar …
Clap Clap Clap …
It was Luo Zheng who was clapping.
Hearing the applause, Ji Luoxue indifferently turned her head. A smile that had not appeared on her face for a long time appeared. Her smile was like a winter plum blooming in a world of ice and snow, bringing a trace of beauty in the bitter cold.
"The sons and daughters of the Ji Family are indeed magnanimous." Na Qingyu withdrew her elegant smile and her expression gradually darkened. "Since that's the case, then don't blame me …"
After she finished speaking, the rose in her hand instantly scattered. The bright red petals instantly turned into a trace of powder and completely disintegrated …
The snowflakes that were originally slowly drifting down behind Ji Luoxue instantly became hurried, transforming into a snowstorm that swept over the entire Heaven Earth Chessboard!
"Huff huff huff …"
The aura of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard suddenly intensified!
The first to attack was Ji Luoxue …
Although she had already stabilized her state of mind, she still couldn't wait to make her move.
She knew that this woman's strength was extraordinary. How could a Path-Chosen born from an almost perfect race be weak?
At this moment, the multicolored light on her Five Element Bracelet flickered. At the same time, a pair of backhanded swords appeared in her hands!
This pair of swords was only half of an ordinary longsword. One side had a reverse stab, while the other was used by assassins.
After this pair of backhanded swords jumped into her hands, Ji Luoxue headed straight for Qingyu!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
As Ji Luoxue charged forward, the figure kept jumping left and right.
One, two, three …
Several figures moved side by side at the same time. At a glance, it was difficult to distinguish who was real and who was fake!
Qingyu's slightly round eyebrows raised slightly, and a trace of a smile appeared on her face. However, she stood on the spot without moving.
"Poof!"
A backhanded sword cut into Qingyu's body first!
Immediately after, Ji Luoxue turned around and stabbed the other Backhanded Sword behind his ribs. He pulled the Backhanded Sword in his right hand, and another shocking wound appeared. Immediately after, he turned around again and pulled out the Backhanded Sword that he had stabbed into his ribs …
The speed of this series of movements was extremely fast. It was as if several people were attacking at the same time. It was too much for the eyes to take in!
"Poof, poof, poof, poof …"
After seven consecutive attacks, Ji Luoxue finally stopped her fierce attacks. For safety's sake, she even took a few steps back. She stared at Qingyu before her, and her expression changed slightly once more.
Qingyu's body seemed to be heavily injured, but not a single drop of blood flowed from the wound …
Soon, the body started to rapidly yellow and wither before Qingyu's eyes. In the end, it transformed into a withered yellow branch that stood on the spot.
On the other side of the ground, there was an inch long sapling. It quickly sprouted and grew to the height of a person. Then, it gradually transformed into Qingyu's body!
"Haha, you don't even have this little bit of resolution? Can you really become a Daoist? "Qingyu's face carried a trace of mockery as she spoke.
Ji Luoxue didn't say a word. Instead, she suddenly leaped into the air behind her. While she was in the air, her head was facing down, and her entire body started to spin!
Her hands naturally hung down. As she spun, the backhanded swords in her hands started to spin in circles. This naturally formed a strangulation technique!
In addition, Ji Luoxue's reaction was extremely fast. Almost at the instant she approached Qingyu, the cold light of the two backhanded swords intersected and flashed. They had already circled around Qingyu's neck.
"Plop …"
Qingyu's head was separated from her body …
However, there was still no blood spurting out.
Her body also quickly transformed into a withered branch.
Soon, not far away, another sapling rapidly grew. Qingyu was still standing in front of Ji Luoxue, safe and sound.
Ji Luoxue had already made sufficient preparations for this battle among the top ten.
Whether it was Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, or Xi Youqin who used the sword formation, none of them were weak!
However, Qingyu had always been silent. She didn't expect her to be so difficult to deal with …
"You didn't listen to my teachings. Then, I can only make you accept your defeat wholeheartedly." At this moment, Qingyu finally decided to attack.
She slightly bent her body and lightly pointed at the ground. A small seed started to germinate. From that seed, five or six thorns as thick as a thumb surged out wildly!
These thorns had an ugly appearance. They were like poisonous snakes crawling around. On the two sides of each thorns, there were barbs that spread out in all directions!
"Cough, cough, cough …"
When the thorns grew to a certain extent, they would split into two, and then from two to four. They quickly spread across the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
In a short while, the entire chessboard was occupied by the thorns.
As for Ji Luoxue, she was controlled in a circular area, completely covered by the thorns!
"Break!"
Ji Luoxue circled around for a while. Then, two rays of bright silver sword light, like a tornado, cut off a large area of the thorns around her.
However, how quickly did these thorns spread?
She had just cut off a piece when the thorns behind her were like countless long snakes, quickly surrounding her again!
On the other hand, Qingyu moved through the brambles with ease. She was like the queen of this forest of brambles. All the brambles automatically opened up a path for her as she moved, and it didn't take long for her to walk towards Ji Luoxue ….
At this moment, Luo Zheng and the others were floating above the chessboard. They couldn't see the situation of the two women in this layer of thorns.
Of course, it wasn't only Luo Zheng and the others who couldn't see the situation of the two women.
All the warriors in front of the scroll were paying attention to the outcome of the battle between the two women. However, they couldn't see the scene. Everyone just stared at the thorns in a daze …
After the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, a roar sounded in everyone's ears.
A sea of fire suddenly erupted in the thorny forest. The rolling flames directly spread across this world of thorns.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1345
Under the intense eruption of the flames, flames that were over 100m tall arose, and it was like a forest fire.
In next to no time, a slender figure soared up from within the flames, and it was exactly Ji Luoxue herself ….
Amongst the 3,000 Divine Daos, the Five Element Divine Dao was the most widespread! It was also the most comprehensive method to cultivate the soul.
Metal melted to create water, water nourished to create wood, wood dried to create fire, fire burned wood to create earth, and earth and minerals created metal. It could be said that everything in the world was covered by the five elements, and there were only very few times when other Laws had to be utilized.
Thus, it was much easier to construct the world within one's body with the energy of the five elements than cultivators that cultivated the other Divine Daos.
Under normal circumstances, the energy of the five elements within Ji Luoxue's body was in a balanced state, so she'd emanated blazing flames upon entering the forest of thorns and incinerated it ….
Crackle! Crackle!
Crackle! Crackle! Crackle! Crackle! Crackle! Crackle!
In next to no time, the thorns were incinerated into ash ….
It was precisely amidst the ash that a wisp of tenacious fresh green grew from within the blazing flames!
Fire countered wood.
However, there were always some plants in the world that didn't fear fire.
That bright green vine was the "Immortal Flame Guest".
Not only did this sort of plant not fear fire, it grew by devouring fire instead. It grew in ordinary places, but it was everywhere in the Divine Flame World.
After the vine unfolded, a light violet flower bud swiftly formed and bloomed at the top, and then Qing Yu's figure appeared within it ….
"This fellow …."
Ji Luoxue frowned because she felt it was troublesome as well.
This woman's grasp of the Laws of Life had far exceeded her imagination!
It was simply impossible to annihilate and kill them all!
Qing Yu was like a graceful and luxurious queen, and she used the flower as her throne. Her slender figure leaned backwards, and she stared at Ji Luoxue with a lazy and indifferent gaze. "I told you, there's no suspense in our battle, so it's better to skip this battle and concentrate on dealing with your next opponent. But since you want me to play with you, then let's continue …."
As soon as she finished speaking, fine cracks appeared on the vine, and then numerous black beetles crawled out from within the cracks. After these beetles left the vine, they flapped their wings and formed a string of black clouds that charged directly at Ji Luoxue!
"Heart-eating Worms, so many of them …"
When Ji Luoxue saw the dense expanse of black beetles, he was shocked!
This insect was ranked fourth on the Exotic Insect List!
This Heart Eating Insect could quietly burrow into a martial artist's body, lurking near the martial artist's heart and continuously sucking the martial artist's blood essence. This cycle could last for dozens of years! Once the Heart Devouring Insect grew to a high enough rank, it would break out of the body. At that time, the cultivator would also die from having their heart shattered.
Most importantly, the front claws of these Heart Devouring Insects were nearly indestructible. Not only could they sneak into a martial artist's body, but they could also drill into all sorts of divine weapons, riddling those divine weapons with thousands of holes in them …
In fact, the Heart Devouring Insects devoured many different kinds of objects. If dozens of Heart Devouring Insects were placed in an extremely powerful array, it wouldn't take long for the entire array to be destroyed by them.
Because of its ability to devour everything, many martial artists flocked to them like a flock of ducks, and they were able to achieve miraculous results in many difficult situations.
But since these Heart Devouring Insects were Exotic Insects, they were also extremely precious …
It was impossible to bring living beings into the Illusory Battlefield. Thus, Qingyu's Heart Devouring Insects were either born from her own life force or caught in the Illusory Battlefield!
With so many Heart Devouring Insects, let alone Ji Luoxue, even a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse would find it difficult to deal with them.
"Humph! It really is her! Only she can control the Life Laws to such a degree … "A deep voice spread out from the Ji Family, faintly like thunder. This was the voice of the Ji Family Old Ancestor.
As this voice spread out, everyone in the Ji Family was shocked.
"Old Ancestor, is this Qingyu really the Monster Night Clan's King of Life?" A Ji Family member asked.
Before this, there were many speculations about Qingyu's identity …
The Monster Night Clan's King of Life had been quietly hiding in the Monster Night Clan for all these years. She had long since attracted attention …
"Yes, the King of Life, Ying. I've seen her once before. The Monster Night Clan's three Kings all have different personalities. Xun is a decisive and decisive person but his personality is the purest. Yao is overbearing and ruthless. As for Ying, she is extremely scheming and her ambitions are probably even greater …"
Those closely involved could not see clearly. It was difficult for the Monster Night Clan to judge their own King.
But the bystanders could see everything clearly …
Xun was the King of Slaughter and wholeheartedly protected the Monster Night Clan.
Yao's ambition was to control the entire clan and become the only King …
In the face of the struggle between Xun and Yao, Ying had been biding her time. She hadn't chosen a side and had remained silent.
But behind this silence was an even greater scheme!
The Ji Family Old Ancestor couldn't guess what this scheme was. However, in order to enter the Illusory Battlefield, one needed to be at the Divine Sea realm. With Ying's cultivation, even if her cultivation was crippled, it was impossible for her to fall to the Divine Sea realm!
She could only use the Life Laws to reincarnate and give birth to a new self.
To Ying, this was a great price. The greater the price, the greater Ying's ambition. So, why was she doing this?
A trace of worry appeared on the Ji Family Old Ancestor's face.
As for Ji Luoxue's victory or defeat, he didn't pay much attention to it. Even if Ji Luoxue lost this battle, she still had a chance to turn things around …
Facing the black clouds, the shock on Ji Luoxue's face slowly faded. Instead, it was replaced by a tenacious expression.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Ji Luoxue suddenly raised her hands and connected the hilts of the two swords together. Then, with a whoosh, the swords began to circle in her hands!
Whoosh!
In the next moment, Ji Luoxue charged directly towards the dark clouds!
Clap! Clap! Clap!
The two circling backhanded swords were like a rapidly spinning windmill, killing the Heart-Eating Insects at an extremely fast speed!
However, the outer shells of the Heart Eating Bugs were extremely sturdy. These bugs had extremely sturdy defenses and were treasures in the eyes of weapon refiners.
Although Ji Luoxue's two swords were sharp, they could only deflect the Heart Eating Bugs one by one!
That was enough …
Her target was still Qing Yu herself!
At this moment, Ji Luoxue didn't know that this person was the reincarnation of the King of Life, but she had a faint guess. A person who could control the Law of Life to such an extent definitely didn't have a simple background …
"That isn't her true body …"
While charging forward, Ji Luoxue's mind was also rapidly thinking!
She knew that she probably only had one chance …
Seeing that she had already charged in front of Qing Yu, Qing Yu still had a lazy appearance. She stared at Ji Luoxue and revealed a faint smile. She didn't seem to have any intention of resisting and instead said with a smile, "Don't pointlessly resist."
Whoosh!
However, Ji Luoxue threw the two backhanded swords in his hands behind him. The two backhanded swords emitted circles of sword light, temporarily blocking the Heart-Eating Bugs behind him.
Then, she approached Qing Yu and a faint light flickered on her fingertips. Ji Luoxue used this faint light to sense something …
In an instant!
Ji Luoxue charged downwards!
A sharp edge appeared from the tip of her feet. It was the edge of the crescent moon!
Ji Luoxue stepped on the Crescent Moon and broke the vines apart. She cut all the way from head to tail and finally stepped on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
Her eyes suddenly focused, and her embroidered shoes lightly stomped on the chessboard!
Although the stomp wasn't heavy, the instant she stomped down, countless Crescent Moon disappeared into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
An extremely noisy noise came from the bottom of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Ji Luoxue's attack just now had practically exhausted her True Origin. She knew that in this stalemate, she would be exhausted to death by the Heart Eating Bugs sooner or later. Only by finding Qing Yu's true body and killing her would she have a chance at victory.
However, just now, she had used her Five Elements Perception to confirm that Qing Yu's true body was hidden in the chessboard!
At this moment, Ji Luoxue had completely closed her eyes and was silently sensing the movements below the chessboard.
Those Heart Eating Bugs had already circled around the pair of spinning swords and were heading straight for her. However, she had already chosen not to resist.

Chapter 1346
The Chessboard of Heaven and Earth was a million feet long and a million feet wide, but it was only a few thousand feet tall. If one looked at it from afar, it would look like a flat, square chessboard.
Countless crescent moons shuttled through Ji Luoxue's mind!
"Found it!"
Ji Luoxue's eyes snapped open!
The first crescent moon pierced through Qingyu's body!
In an instant, all the crescent moons surged in one direction. They were extremely sharp and extremely fast. Even Luo Zheng couldn't avoid them with his Shapeshifting Smoke …
Inside the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, a massacre was happening quietly. It was unknown how many times Whisper's real body had been cut!
However, outsiders couldn't see what was going on.
They just thought Ji Luoxue was standing there in a daze …
"That Ji Family prodigy is probably going to admit defeat and give up all resistance …"
"That's true. The Fiend Night Clan's Daoist is really powerful. Ji Luoxue can't do anything to her at all!"
"The descent of a great era is truly miraculous. A Daoist like her hasn't been born in tens of millions of years, but now 10 have appeared all of a sudden …"
At that moment, the black mass of Hearteating Bugs charged towards Ji Luoxue.
Hum …
Ji Luoxue gently shook the Five Elements Finger Chain on her hand. Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth elemental laws fused together on the surface of her body, and an azure-gray color appeared on her body!
This light was extremely similar to the light on the Divine Essencefused Mountain. It was the Five Elements Protective Divine Light …
However, the Hearteating Bugs were ranked fourth on the Exotic Bug Rankings. They could practically bite through everything. Although the Five Elements Protective Divine Light was powerful, it couldn't last for long!
Crunch, crunch, crunch …
The densely packed Hearteating Bugs stuck to Ji Luoxue's body and continuously bit at the Five Elements Protective Divine Light …
Before long, the first Hearteating Bug burrowed into Ji Luoxue's body, and she felt a heart-wrenching pain. Then came the second, the third …
However, Ji Luoxue endured the intense pain and continued to control the crescent blade to cut at Qingyu's body inside the chessboard.
The two of them used fierce methods to destroy each other …
After three breaths of time, Ji Luoxue sensed that Qingyu was actually slowly rising within the chessboard!
Soon, the real Qingyu appeared on the chessboard, and countless crescent moons appeared with her!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Those crescent moons continued to cut towards Whisper …
However, this was a scene of despair for Ji Luoxue.
Qingyu only slowly moved towards Ji Luoxue with a faint smile on her face. Not a single drop of blood flowed out of her body. After the crescent blade swept past, there was only a smear of green liquid.
"This round ends here. Your performance is not bad. You were able to clearly grasp the opening that I intentionally left behind …" Qing Yu followed the vines at the side and stepped over ten feet into the air as she looked down at Ji Luoxue.
A deliberate flaw …
Ji Luoxue was slightly taken aback. She bit her lips tightly. The pain caused by the Heart Eating Worm had already caused her face to turn pale. What made her even more upset was that the gap between her and Qing Yu was actually so great.
The opponent she was facing was just like a chess piece, and her resistance was completely induced by Whisper …
Why was there such a huge gap between them …
Ji Luoxue had lost this battle, and he had lost miserably.
Although both of them were in the Divine Ocean Realm, Qing Yu was basically leading Ji Luoxue by the nose.
It was like a highly skilled chess player playing chess with someone else. Because he had enough chess skills, he intentionally left a flaw. He observed whether the opponent could grasp this flaw and judge the opponent's strength.
That was the method a master used to test his disciple …
Ji Luoxue's performance was not bad, but Qing Yu was standing at a higher position, completely looking down on her.
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not give her such a feeling!
Not long after, a chess piece appeared beside Xuanyuan Chenfeng. With a faint flash of light, Ji Luoxue's figure reappeared.
Her stubborn face revealed a faint look of grievance.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was familiar with Ji Luoxue, but he did not have any protective feelings for her. Instead, he smiled and said, "I heard that you've already cultivated the Five Elements Reincarnation. You must have some tricks that you haven't used yet, right?"
"That's to deal with you." Ji Luoxue was dissatisfied with Xuanyuan Chenfeng's attitude.
"Oh?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled. "I don't mind. If I can meet Qing Yu, I can help you teach her a lesson …"
"Don't brag." Lie Qianhan smiled evilly. "This woman is very powerful."
Actually, even without Lie Qianhan's reminder, Xuanyuan Chenfeng also felt that something was wrong.
This woman's strength was a bit abnormal. This strength had even exceeded the limits of the realm. He also felt that something was wrong. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others were geniuses of the younger generation after all. Right now, only the Heavenly Venerables in the universe could tell that Qing Yu was the King of Life …
Furthermore, they judged based on some secrets and characteristics of the past. With Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others' knowledge, they naturally could not tell Qing Yu's origin.
"Really?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng heard Lie Qianhan's words and did not take it seriously.
As the first Daoist, he had absolute confidence in his own strength. This confidence had become his Dao Heart.
He could not doubt his own strength. Once he did, his Dao Heart would be broken!
This was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Divine Dao!
However, he was confident that he could defeat this woman …
The battle between Qing Yu and Ji Luoxue ended with Qing Yu's victory.
However, no one underestimated Ji Luoxue's strength. Qing Yu's strength was too strong, which made many people vigilant in their hearts!
Previously, there was an extremely powerful Ku Deng. Now, this Daoist of the Demon Night Clan was also heaven-defying …
The ten people in the scroll each had their own thoughts.
Outside the painting, the reactions of all the martial artists in Huan Yu were very enthusiastic.
The battle between the ten people was far more exciting than they had imagined.
According to the initial odds, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's probability of winning was the highest, and Ji Luoxue's was not low either. She was ranked between the third and fourth.
Before this, Qing Yu was not famous, so she was at the bottom of the list.
After this battle, Qing Yu's odds soared.
Some people became rich overnight, and some lost their family fortune …
The next battle was Jiang Zhengyi of the Demi-Immortal Clan, and his opponent was Ku Deng.
Although Jiang Zhengyi's temperament was strange, as a Daoist of the Demi-Immortal Clan, his strength was unquestionable.
As for Ku Deng, as a genius of the Hidden Spirit Temple, he hid his strength well.
After countless rounds of attacks, Jiang Zhengyi couldn't defeat Ku Deng, so he was defeated …
However, it seemed that Jiang Zhengyi had a backup plan. Since they had entered the round-robin stage, he didn't want to use it easily.
Of course, Ku Deng didn't use all of his strength. However, based on the strength he had shown in this battle, people guessed that Ku Deng's strength was one level higher.
After this battle, it was Luo Zheng's turn to fight.
In the final battle of the ten people, it was Luo Zheng's first time to fight.
When he was caught on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, he raised his head to look at the jade-like hand in the sky …
Among the ten people, none of them were easy to deal with!
So, his opponent was … Lie Qianhan!
The second Daoist of the Gods No Thought, who was second only to Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
This person had even killed Xuanyuan Chenfeng once in the Fantasy Battlefield …
However, in the previous elimination battles, Lie Qianhan had only fought once. Luo Zheng didn't know much about his strength. He only knew that he seemed to have a good relationship with Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Ji Luoxue.

Chapter 1347
The chess pieces on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard were placed by the Black and White Twins.
An ordinary chessboard had nineteen vertical and nineteen horizontal lines, which was three hundred and sixty-one points. There were one hundred and eighty black pieces and one hundred and eighty white pieces.
In theory, there were three hundred and sixty-one battles, which was enough to fill the entire chessboard.
But on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard, there were thirty-six vertical and thirty-six lines, which was one thousand two hundred and ninety-six points.
The previous three hundred martial artists had been eliminated, so there had been two hundred and ninety-nine elimination battles. Among them, the number of non-elimination battles was several times greater than the number of elimination battles! The two added up to a total of eight hundred and three battles …
But after these eight hundred and three battles, the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was still not clear!
In the previous Evolution Era, this situation had not occurred.
In the previous Evolution Era, the mysterious girl's chess game had already become a foregone conclusion. After just seven hundred and twenty-six battles, the white pieces had already gained an irreversible advantage.
The clearer the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was, the easier it was to calculate …
While the black and white pieces were still in a state of chaos, the mysterious girl had started a cycle.
In fact, the Heavenly Venerables who had been analyzing the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard had been quite puzzled.
There were only five battles left between these ten people, and one of them had a bye. Then, the six of them would be able to play three more pieces.
Although there were many winning and losing moves on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the remaining moves weren't enough to fill it up …
When the rules were announced, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and his sword shot into the sky and landed on a chess piece.
At that moment, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao slowly woke up. He looked at Luo Zheng on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, still in a daze. He had no idea what had happened.
"I lost," the broken sword said to Dugu.
"I lost! Doesn't that mean I've been eliminated … "Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face darkened.
"There's still a chance …"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and the sword were like lips and teeth.
He treated the sword like a master, and the sword treated him like a family member.
Dugu didn't mind even if he was occasionally controlled by the sword. He knew very well that he wouldn't be where he was today if it wasn't for the sword.
"What a pity …" Hua Tianming shook his head.
He knew that Luo Zheng had other ways to deal with the sword, but Luo Zheng had still used tricks.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't done anything wrong. Before the final battle, preserving his strength as much as possible was also a tactic …
Luo Zheng wasn't the only one doing this. Every Daoist present was doing the same.
A round-robin battle would allow them to accurately determine who was stronger and who was stronger. At the same time, it would also relieve everyone's psychological pressure.
The next battle …
Her jade-like hand fluttered and landed on Soft Whisper's chess piece, while her other hand grabbed Ji Luoxue.
This battle was about to unfold between the two women!
"It's finally Ji Luoxue's turn …"
"Rumor has it that she hasn't fully comprehended the Five Elements Divine Dao. In terms of strength, she should be slightly weaker than Lie Qianhan, right?"
"I don't want to see who wins and who loses. I'm here to look at beauties! Hehe … "
Ji Luo Xue's name was also extremely famous in the Gods Without Thought Sect …
After all, she could be considered half a Daoist of the Ji family. Naturally, her background was unquestionable. The Ji family was ranked second among the four great families, second only to the Xuanyuan family. Coupled with her extremely perfect appearance and figure, she could be considered the dream lover of countless martial artists.
However, most of them had only heard of her. Ji Luoxue cultivated in the Ji family all day long. Most people had only heard of her name, but had never seen her. Now that they had seen her, she naturally attracted the attention of all the humans …
At this moment, Ji Luoxue slowly stepped down from the chess piece. On her small almond-shaped face was a pair of cold eyes that seemed to be able to freeze one's soul. A graceful and imposing aura radiated from her body …
Outside the painting, many men could not help but have lewd thoughts when they saw such a beauty.
However, as her aura was released, their hearts trembled. Those lewd and messy thoughts also disappeared completely in an instant.
Ji Luoxue was undoubtedly a beauty that could cause the downfall of nations, but Qing Yu was also a peerless beauty on the other side.
Qing Yu's wavy, curly hair draped over her shoulders. Her entire body exuded a vigorous vitality. Every single move she made seemed to be emitting a rich life force. She wore a jade-green leather armor that clasped tightly on her body, highlighting her impressive figure …
Ji Luoxue was standing gracefully on the spot, but after Qing Yu stepped down from the chess piece, she walked towards Ji Luoxue.
Clap, clap, clap …
Her knee-high leather boots clattered on the chessboard, and a graceful and luxurious smile appeared on her slightly round oval face. "You're Ji Luoxue, right?"
Ji Luoxue tilted her head slightly and stared at the woman from the Demonic Night Clan before her.
She had never heard of such a Daoist in the Demonic Night Clan. It was as if she had appeared out of nowhere …
She was not used to this woman's gaze.
It was a gaze that only someone who had been in a high position for a long time should have.
Ji Luoxue could only feel such a gaze when she was facing the elders of the Four Great Clans, or even the Ji Clan's Patriarch.
"I'm Ji Luoxue," she replied coldly.
Qing Yu smiled. "You're a good seedling. Your foundation is very stable, and if you really enter the Five Elements Divine Dao, I'm afraid you'll advance by leaps and bounds. However …"
"Thank you for your compliment. We can begin now," Ji Luoxue interrupted Qing Yu coldly. She hated this woman's tone. It was as if she was judging her on a higher level.
"I haven't finished speaking. It's very rude." Qing Yu shook her head.
With Ji Luoxue's proud personality, why would she listen to this woman? She took the first step …
A piercingly cold aura suddenly emanated from Ji Luoxue's body!
The five elemental rings in her hand shone with the light of the five elemental laws. As she charged forward, her slender fingers turned into sharp claws and swiped at Qing Yu!
"Five Elements Heaven Severing Claws!"
The current Ji Luoxue was completely different from the Ji Luoxue that Luo Zheng had encountered that day …
At that time, Ji Luoxue could split into two with a single thought, and her strength was greatly reduced!
At this moment, she attacked with the Ji family's patriarch's ultimate technique!
The space around Qing Yu emitted an ear-piercing tearing sound!
The space was torn apart by the formless Heaven Severing Claws like a piece of paper, and the claw mark extended all the way towards Qing Yu …
If Soft Words was hit by this claw, she would be torn to pieces by this claw!
However, Qing Yu only smiled at Ji Luoxue. That smile was like a blooming daffodil, and it made one's heart flutter!
Then, she stretched out a hand.
To be exact, it was a finger …
This finger blocked the Five Elements Heaven Severing Claws in the air!
Crack! Crack! Crack!
A cracking sound was heard, and the claw mark disintegrated in an instant.
Seeing this scene, Ji Luoxue's expression changed. The tip of her foot lightly tapped on the chessboard, and her skirt fluttered. Her body moved horizontally, and the claw came down again!
Qing Yu still raised her wrist and placed her flawless hand on top of her head. She stretched out her long finger and blocked her forehead, as if the sun was too big, and she wanted to cover it.
She once again used a finger to block Ji Luoxue's attack.
This scene not only made Ji Luoxue's expression change, but it also made the entire Ji Family boil.
"Five Elements Heaven Severing Claws … Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't block it so easily!"
"Who is this Qing Yu?"
"Because of the internal strife in the Demon Night Clan, there haven't been any outstanding geniuses in recent years! How did one appear out of nowhere? "
Although the two kings of the Demon Night Clan hadn't affected the foundation of the clan, they weren't as prosperous as they used to be. The most obvious change was the sharp decrease in the number of geniuses. In this great era, geniuses from all the major clans were born, but the Demon Night Clan was the opposite. The geniuses they produced couldn't compete with the other clans.
Now that one had appeared out of nowhere, the Ji Family was extremely confused …
"I said, I'm not done yet. Do you want to continue listening?" Qing Yu repeated stubbornly. It seemed like she wasn't going to attack until she was done.
Ji Luoxue frowned slightly. He stared at Qing Yu and asked, "What are you trying to say?"

Chapter 1348
"Chi …"
As Lie Qianhan's fist danced, it was like a demon god in the chaos!
The speed of the fist was too fast, and there were faint wind blades that spread out! This was also because the surrounding space within the painting was abnormally stable. If this fist were in the outside world, it might have torn a giant hole in space.
The Lie Family had a special training method.
This was because they possessed a very special supreme divine tool, the Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin!
This basin was 10 feet high and 10 feet wide. Normally, it was filled with the blood essence of all sorts of rare birds and beasts …
Generally speaking, the blood essence of these rare beasts was too violent for ordinary people to withstand. If they tried to forcefully absorb it, it would take a long time to dissolve. Or, it would contain a potent poison that couldn't be absorbed!
But this Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin was able to neutralize all the blood essence and retain the characteristics of this blood essence!
Every year, the Lie Family would send people out to collect blood essence. The many Holy Lands under their banner would also keep some blood essence and hand it over to the Lie Family for the sake of this basin!
To be able to soak in this basin for two hours was a great honor within the Lie Family. The average person didn't have the qualifications to enter. For instance, some World Lords of great worlds might be granted this honor by the Lie Family.
Even the Lie Family Patriarch couldn't casually enter this Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin to soak in.
In the entire Lie Family, the only ones who weren't restricted were the Lie Family Old Ancestor and Lie Qianhan …
But the Lie Family Old Ancestor had already become an Empyrean. With his cultivation, this Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin wasn't of much use to him. But, it was undoubtedly beneficial to Lie Qianhan.
For these past several years, Lie Qianhan would soak in this basin for four to six hours every day! Over time, his muscles, bones, blood, and flesh would all be far stronger than others!
Of all the proud sons of heaven and Daoists in the world, there was no one who had a body like his!
This was the reason why Lie Qianhan wanted to kill Luo Zheng with a single punch. This was because he had the strength.
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm, but they shined like stars …
The Stellar Form was a transcendent divine might that drew upon the power of the stars. As Luo Zheng drew upon more and more stars, the strength he erupted with became increasingly formidable!
"I will not retreat from this fist!"
A streak of starlight spiraled around his arm and condensed on Luo Zheng's fist!
If it had been in the past, Luo Zheng would have been relieved to meet such a brute force opponent, because this was his forte.
However, he did not relax in the slightest.
The universe was too big …
This was a genius who had been selected from a hundred million martial artists.
Luo Zheng had a heaven-defying opportunity, but the other party wasn't bad either. Moreover, the other party had an extremely huge force behind them, and the resources they had given them to build a foundation were naturally not bad either!
Of course, Luo Zheng's cautiousness didn't mean that he was afraid of this opponent. It was just that after assessing the opponent's strength more accurately, he also wanted to show his strongest side …
Luo Zheng's move was not the Glory of the Stars.
It was another move of the Astral Combat Body.
"Dark Devouring Star!"
In front of Luo Zheng's fist, a soft starlight vortex appeared, blooming with soft starlight...
The power of this fist was far less domineering than Lie Qianhan's.
However, the Astral Combat Body was like an endless starry sky, a space that was vaster than the sea, a world that was even more vast!
"Boom!"
Before the two of them collided, Lie Qianhan had the absolute upper hand!
However, at this moment, when the two fists collided, everyone saw a strange scene.
Lie Qianhan's fist directly smashed into the whirlpool. It was as if his fist had smashed into another space …
At this moment, the one who was most surprised was probably Lie Qianhan himself.
He had originally sneered in his heart. Those who dared to fight him head-on had never had a good ending.
In fact, Lie Qianhan had thought that Luo Zheng was extremely cunning. This guy would probably change his move at the last moment and choose to avoid his fist.
He had never thought that Luo Zheng would choose to fight head-on!
What was even more unexpected was that Luo Zheng's fist technique was actually so strange …
This move of his was like a cow entering a muddy sea, completely swallowed by the vortex in front of Luo Zheng's fist.
Dark Devouring Star …
It was a type of celestial body among the countless stars.
It was also one of the moves of the Astral Combat Body. This move required the activation of the Dark Star before it could be used!
In the universe's sky, the Dark Star was constantly swallowing the surrounding matter. Anything that came close to the Dark Star would be swallowed by it.
In contrast, there was another type of celestial body, the Dying Celestial Body. This type of celestial body was constantly spewing out matter.
There were as many Dark Stars as there were Dying Stars in the universe. The two types of stars came and went, which was quite magical.
Some experts even used this star as a kind of transmission channel, which could be used to cross many star fields. The premise was that the warrior's body could withstand the endless pressure of these two types of stars.
In these few years, Luo Zheng had accidentally activated a Dark Star, which was how he learned this move!
No matter how strong Lie Qianhan's power was, it would still be dissolved by the vortex in front of Luo Zheng's fist …
After this punch, a faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. After swallowing his opponent's power, it was his turn now!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Luo Zheng's counterattack was launched in an instant!
The vortex in front of his fist suddenly started to rotate in the opposite direction …
"Dying Star Return!"
After the power of Lie Qianhan's punch was swallowed by the Dark Star, it was spat out by the Dying Star Body!
However, the power of this punch was enough to destroy thousands of miles of mountain range …
And this was not enough.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also exploded with his own power …
The power of 40,000 dragon scales!
How terrifying was this punch that had fused two layers of power?
Lie Qianhan's original plan was to kill Luo Zheng with one punch. Only in this way could he achieve the best effect of intimidation!
His plan was indeed not bad.
According to his calculations, there should not be a big problem. Especially since Luo Zheng did not use any strange techniques to escape, he should be defeated without a doubt!
At this moment, Lie Qianhan realized that he was wrong. So wrong.
Luo Zheng's punch was pushed back. It was impossible for him to escape!
"Pa, pa!"
Because Luo Zheng's body bore this enormous power, the Heaven and Earth Chessboard under his feet collapsed. At the same time, this punch had already smashed onto Lie Qianhan's right fist!
At this moment, Lie Qianhan's right arm started to disintegrate, turning into tiny fragments that drifted away. It was as if Lie Qianhan's body was made of flying ashes.
His flesh, meridians, and even his blood were turned into ashes by this terrifying power …
"I …"
Lie Qianhan originally wanted to say something.
He wanted to say that he should not have done this …
His Lie Family still had many tricks up their sleeves. This Body Refining Technique was not his strongest technique.
If he used those truly powerful techniques, killing this Luo Zheng would be an easy task.
Unfortunately …
There was no medicine for regret in this world.
If one knew that in a breath's time, millions of people would not be his opponent …
It meant that if a martial artist could predict the opponent's reaction after a few breaths, then no one would be his opponent.
Although this statement was somewhat absolute, it was probably true in a battle between martial artists of the same level.
However, Lie Qianhan obviously did not have this ability.
Under the compression of the Law of Time, it could only be delayed. It could not be skipped, and at the same time, it could not be reversed.
At least in this universe, it was almost impossible.
That bit of powder kept peeling off from Lie Qianhan's body, drifting away and disappearing …
In the end, Lie Qianhan completely disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
In the universe, countless martial artists were stunned at this moment …
This was the Lie Qianhan who was said to be second only to Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and was the favorite to win the championship?
Against Luo Zhengfang, he was blasted into smithereens with just a single punch?
"Isn't the gap too big?" Someone exclaimed.
This exclamation was also the voice of countless martial artists. Because most of the martial artists were exclaiming in their hearts.
When these Daoists fought, there were always many variables. How could the previous few battles between Daoists end so easily? According to ordinary people's thinking, they would have to fight for the time it takes to burn a few sticks of incense.
But now, the two of them were blasted into ashes with just one punch …
Many people could not react in time.

Chapter 1349
"Lie Qianhan shouldn't have been killed with brute force. It seemed to be what Luo Zheng wanted. That's why he was killed by Luo Zheng in one punch. If not for that, I'm afraid it would be hard to determine the outcome …" Ninth Palace Master commented beside Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie had a smile on her face. She didn't refute Ninth Palace Master's point of view. She only needed to choose to believe in Luo Zheng. That was enough …
No one in the Lie Family had expected such an outcome.
As the saying goes, the greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment.
Who would have thought that Lie Qianhan's debut in the Top Ten Tournament would be such an outcome …
Lie Qianhan was the hope of the Lie Family.
Such a huge force in the universe had invested tens of years to create a monster!
His entire body, every bone, every inch of flesh, was in the most perfect state. Other than his arrogant personality and lack of maturity, he was the strongest genius nurtured by the Lie Family.
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't compare to the investment they had invested in Lie Qianhan …
Just like that, he was smashed into powder by Luo Zheng with one punch?
Luo Zheng's punch didn't seem to have landed on Lie Qianhan's body. Instead, it landed on the chests of all the warriors with the surname Lie. It landed on the faces of all the Lie Family members.
This kind of defeat was a humiliation that the Lie Family couldn't accept!
"Lie Qianhan can't be that weak!"
"I, Lie Shen Bing, am not convinced! I want to challenge that Luo Zheng! "
"Damn, that Luo Zheng is so cunning. He actually used such a method …"
After a long silence, the Lie Family began to boil. Countless warriors were filled with anger and couldn't hold it in. Their voices were like boiling oil, each wave louder than the last!
"Shut up, all of you!"
The Lie Family Patriarch roared.
In an instant, the entire Lie Family was immersed in silence.
The ancestors of the four major families were all Heavenly Venerables. However, the Patriarch was the one in charge of the family.
"My son was reckless. He didn't take that Luo Zheng seriously. That's why he suffered such a huge loss. He accepted his defeat wholeheartedly! He prostrated himself on all fours! " The Lie Family Patriarch said darkly. "I hope this battle can teach Qianhan a lesson. At least he still has a chance!"
In the sky above the picture scroll, a chess piece slowly appeared in the air. On the chess piece, there was a little bit of light condensing, and Lie Qianhan's body gradually appeared.
Lie Qianhan, who was sitting on the chess piece, was in a daze.
Obviously, he still hadn't regained his senses …
Defeated by Luo Zheng with one punch?
If it was 30 minutes ago, he would have thought that this was the biggest joke he had ever heard in his life.
In fact, if it wasn't for Luo Zheng's counterattack, coupled with Luo Zheng's strength, he wouldn't have been able to kill Lie Qianhan. At most, he would have been able to severely injure Lie Qianhan.
However, the heavily injured Lie Qianhan was able to completely recover within ten breaths of time. His body's regenerative ability was far superior to the average martial artist's …
Moreover, the Divine Dao he cultivated was very special …
It didn't matter anymore.
Lie Qianhan thought gloomily as his gaze fell on Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
There was a faint smile on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face …
"What are you laughing at!" Lie Qianhan said angrily.
"Serves you right." Xuanyuan Chenfeng simply revealed a hearty smile. He was very happy that Lie Qianhan was taught a lesson by someone else. The only thing he was slightly unhappy about was that it was Luo Zheng who taught Lie Qianhan a lesson. Furthermore, killing Lie Qianhan with one punch wasn't something he, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, could do.
Although he could see that Luo Zheng's punch was more or less due to luck, he was able to do it.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never knew how to find excuses.
"Hmph." Lie Qianhan snorted and didn't say anything else. He seemed to have sunk into reflection.
Although he was a lunatic, he wasn't an idiot. For someone of his status, this was indeed a great humiliation. However, he wouldn't collapse because of this setback. He still had a chance. If he wasted this chance, that would be a real failure …
Every martial artist who could become a Dao disciple had their own unique state of mind.
Lie Qianhan was crazy and persistent. He didn't know when to advance or retreat, but he knew how to repent …
Ji Luoxue would never give up. Even if he failed, he would gladly accept it and work hard …
Jiang Zhengyi pursued absolute justice. He wouldn't allow even a grain of sand in his eyes …
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he had absolute confidence. His Dao Heart was almost unbreakable.
It might be easy to defeat or even kill them, but it was almost impossible to break their Dao Hearts. This was a monster nurtured by the foundation of a powerful force!
The next battle was between Qing Yu and Jiang Zhengyi.
In view of Qing Yu's strength that far surpassed her peers, she could even easily defeat Ji Luoxue. In this battle, almost everyone thought that Qing Yu would win.
The Demi-Immortal race had been on the rise these years.
At the Heavenly Venerable level, they were already on par with Deities Without Thoughts.
Unexpectedly, their performance in the Illusory Battlefield this time wasn't outstanding. One of the two Dao disciples had already been eliminated. Only the somewhat stubborn Jiang Zhengyi was left …
The Demi-Immortal race was full of geniuses. However, only one of them had made it into the top ten. It was indeed somewhat unreasonable.
As for Jiang Zhengyi's strength, it was estimated that he was even slightly weaker than Ji Luoxue.
There shouldn't be any suspense in this battle.
Among these ten people, there weren't many who could stop Qing Yu. Xuanyuan Chenfeng still had a slight chance. The others probably didn't stand a chance.
However, the result was completely out of everyone's expectations.
At the beginning, Jiang Zhengyi was completely restrained by Qing Yu. The Divine Binding Vine wrapped around Jiang Zhengyi's body, making him unable to move.
That Divine Binding Vine was like a giant python that wrapped tightly around Jiang Zhengyi. As the Divine Binding Vine grew, sharp thorns grew out from it and headed toward Jiang Zhengyi!
However, Jiang Zhengyi's righteous face didn't show any signs of panic.
A pale golden Holy Shield covered Jiang Zhengyi's body like an eggshell, tightly wrapping him up.
This Holy Shield was condensed from Jiang Zhengyi's beliefs. Its defensive power was unparalleled …
After such a long stalemate, Qing Yu also realized that just using the Divine Binding Vine alone wouldn't be enough to defeat her opponent. With a wave of her hand, another plant rapidly grew and bloomed into a black flower cage.
That was the Demon Bone Devouring Flower Cage. This flower cage was filled with Bone Devouring Water, which could melt almost everything!
It was a plant in the universe that made people pale when they talked about it.
However, even after throwing Jiang Zhengyi's entire body into it, it still couldn't melt his Holy Shield.
This was equivalent to handing a difficult problem to Qing Yu.
This guy from the Demi-Immortal Tribe looked like a complete idiot, but he had a terrifying defense. That pale golden Holy Shield was an unbreakable existence.
After the stalemate lasted for an incense stick's worth of time, Qing Yu used several methods but still couldn't break through Jiang Zhengyi's defense. It was only when she summoned a large number of Heart Devouring Insects that she finally broke through his defense.
In this battle, the Yao Ye Clan won.
In this way, Qing Yu, like Luo Zheng, could be considered to have defeated two Dao Children in a row.
The remaining Dao Children would encounter Qing Yu sooner or later. Standing on the chess pieces, they pondered how to break through Qing Yu's trap …
Unfortunately, in this chessboard of heaven and earth, they couldn't receive any guidance from their elders. However, they didn't know how to restrain Qing Yu's Heart Devouring Insects.
Others might not have any elders to guide them, but Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was an exception. When he nodded slightly, the broken sword in his hand told him how to break through Qing Yu's Heart Devouring Insects. It seemed that he had more confidence in fighting against Qing Yu.
The battle on the chessboard of heaven and earth continued.
The next battle was between Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had lost to Luo Zheng once before. This was his second battle. Originally, he had regained his confidence and vowed to defeat his opponent. However, when he found out that his opponent was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face immediately darkened.
He had lost to Xuanyuan Chenfeng before.
In this battle, he didn't have any confidence in defeating Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
The broken sword in his hand was indeed his greatest reliance. However, this sword was ultimately severely damaged. Before entering the Illusory Battlefield, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had brought this broken sword everywhere in search of a way to repair it and an opportunity …
In front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he barely managed to hold on for a few rounds before admitting defeat. Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't make things too difficult for Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The next battle was finally Luo Zheng's turn.
However, when Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard, he found that his opponent was actually Xi Youqin!
Although he knew that he would encounter Xi Youqin sooner or later, Luo Zheng still felt very uncomfortable facing her!
However, Xi Youqin had a faint smile on her face. She put her hands behind her back and walked slowly towards Luo Zheng like a white lotus. She had a sweet smile on her face and looked around. She didn't have the slightest bit of fighting spirit.

Chapter 1350
The arrogant girl who only knew how to be distressed by him was now standing opposite him, standing on the strongest stage of the Illusory Battlefield …
Hearing Xi Youqin's almost joking words, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Then tell me, what reward do you want?"
Xi Youqin blinked her bright eyes and continued walking towards Luo Zheng.
Stepping onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard meant the start of the battle. If it were anyone else, it would be a very dangerous move.
However, Xi Youqin wouldn't be wary of Luo Zheng …
When she reached Luo Zheng, she stood on her tiptoes and smiled innocently. "Even if I can win against you, I won't attack you!"
After saying that, she kissed Luo Zheng's face quickly and turned back to her chess piece. At the same time, she said loudly, "I admit defeat for this battle …"
This sudden scene left many martial artists in the universe dumbfounded.
Not only did she admit defeat, but she also gave him a kiss.
Many people were immediately confused.
The battle between the 10 of them was related to the future of the universe …
If it weren't for the Illusory Battlefield, they would probably have to fight to the death.
Not many people knew about the relationship between Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin …
After all, when the scroll was unfolded, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin were separated by the chess piece. Only a few geniuses had seen Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin snuggling up to each other.
Many people were looking forward to this battle.
Previously, Xi Youqin's sword array had even forced Xuanyuan Chenfeng to retreat. Many people were optimistic about Xi Youqin. Some even felt that her strength was above Qingyu's and that she had the strength to fight with Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
However, apart from the Little Purple River Sword Array, Xi Youqin hadn't shown much of her strength.
If Luo Zheng could force out Xi Youqin's extremely powerful sword formation, it would be a great show to watch …
However, this woman ran over and kissed Luo Zheng, and immediately lost. What was the meaning of this?
"Hehe, Youqin, you're really bold …"
"This is in front of the entire universe …"
"But is it really okay for Junior Sister to admit defeat directly?"
The group of women from the Indefinite Tower were also chattering away.
They spent most of their time in the Purple Extreme Realm and rarely went out. Seeing that their junior sister was so bold, they were all very excited.
Their master, Indefinite Old Man, did not have much to say about Xi Youqin admitting defeat.
She was already satisfied that Xi Youqin could make it to the top ten. Moreover, there was a certain amount of fate involved in the battle between the 10 people. How far Xi Youqin could go was her own fate, and it was up to her to control.
Jade Pure Holy Land's Ninth Palace Master secretly glanced at Ning Yudie at this moment. It seemed that this first wife was very angry, so Ninth Palace Master wisely chose to remain silent. At the same time, she secretly sighed in her heart. The entanglements of young people nowadays were becoming more and more difficult to understand.
When Luo Zheng returned to the chess piece, the next battle began.
The next battle was between Ku Deng and Lie Qianhan.
Although Lie Qianhan was defeated by Luo Zheng with one punch, he was still a Daoist second only to Xuanyuan Chenfeng. If he used his full strength, his strength should not be underestimated.
In this battle, Lie Qianhan naturally wanted to redeem his lost face.
Ku Deng's strength was not bad, but Lie Qianhan did not take it seriously.
Even the whole Lie Family hoped that Lie Qianhan would win.
At the beginning of the battle, Lie Qianhan fought steadily. He used the Lie Family's Sky Splitting Slash, and at the same time, he prepared his own Dao Connotation.
However, when Lie Qianhan did not use his Taoist Connotation, he was suppressed by Ku Deng's supreme Buddha Dao on the spot. He was defeated once again.
This time, Lie Qianhan was so depressed that he vomited blood …
He had always regarded Xuanyuan Chenfeng as his only enemy, and did not put the other Daoists in his eyes.
But now, Lie Qianhan understood that there was always someone better than him.
The Divine Dao that he cultivated was the Mad Demon Divine Dao, which was a kind of unconventional Divine Dao. His means were very stubborn. As the saying goes, if you don't go mad, you won't live. His means were very hard to resist, but when he met Ku Deng, who had an unfathomable Dao Connotation, the effect was very limited.
No matter what magical power Lie Qianhan used, it would be broken by Ku Deng in a moment …
It could be said that Ku Deng did not take the initiative to attack, but waited for Lie Qianhan to attack, and then used his magical power to counterattack.
The difference between the two was obvious.
Lie Qianhan was defeated by Ku Deng, which was another unexpected surprise.
This time, the old ancestor of the Lie Family did not say a word, but silently calculated something …
Actually, with the Daoists' current fighting power, it was nothing to a big force.
Just like Lie Qianhan, even if he used all his strength, he could only fight against a Divine Transformation Realm master. But now, these ten Daoists represented the fate of the big forces in the universe.
In the universe, there was a kind of tree called Enlightenment Wood, which took thousands of years to form.
If this tree was cut with a knife, this Enlightenment Wood would condense Enlightenment Crystal, which had a strange smell, and was a kind of healing medicine.
To put it bluntly, this Enlightenment Crystal was produced by the Enlightenment Wood after it was hit by that knife, and then it secreted the Enlightenment Crystal to nourish itself.
If the universe was compared to the Enlightenment Wood, then the Heavenly Dao would feel the danger in advance, and then it would start the Battle of the World. After the "knife", which was the danger, it would secrete the method to save itself, which would be the selected geniuses in the Battle of the World.
Geniuses were equal to the "Enlightenment Crystal" …
The higher the ranking, the greater the responsibility. At the same time, the force behind him would have a higher chance of surviving this level of danger.
Lie Qianhan did not need to talk about defeating Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but if he could fight for the second place, when the danger came, he could lead the Lie Family through it. If his ranking was too low, his Lie Family would be in danger.
Every time the danger came, there would be countless races that would fall.
The violent impact brought about a myriad of changes in the situation. Even though Deities Without Thought was at its peak and was an absolute veteran force in the universe, anything could happen in the midst of a crisis.
Therefore, the old ancestor of the Lie Family was not worried about Lie Qianhan, but the Lie Family.
After a few rounds of fighting, the order of the participants was quickly determined.
Xi Youqin, Lie Qianhan, Ji Luoxue, Jiang Zhengyi, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao were in the bottom five.
Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Hua Tianming, Qing Yu, and Ku Deng were in the top five …
Lie Qianhan was in the bottom five because his luck was not good. He lost two rounds consecutively and was restrained.
As for the reason of Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's defeat, it was because of the sword. Although the sword was a chaotic treasure, it was seriously damaged. When it was used against Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, the sword would often lose sight of one thing.
Xi Youqin …
She often admitted defeat for no reason. Most of the warriors in the universe suspected that she had the strength to fight with Xuanyuan Chenfeng. However, this woman did not plan to play.
Jiang Zhengyi and Ji Luoxue's defeat was due to their lack of strength.
Now, it was the battle for the top five …
Among the five, except for Xuanyuan Chenfeng who had "died" once and was reborn, the other four had never been defeated.
No matter if it was the battle outside the main city, the tests in the various secret realms, or even the Karma Hall.
No matter if it was luck, strength, or perseverance, they were the best of the best among the younger generation!
Countless eyes in the universe gathered on the five of them …
"I feel that Qing Yu's strength is higher than the other four!"
"Among the Daoists, I only recognize Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Anyway, I have bet all my wealth on him!"
"Don't forget that Ku Deng has become a Buddha!"
In Buddhism, becoming a Buddha meant that one had officially stepped into Buddhism.
This saying was actually similar to Xuanyuan Chenfeng becoming a Daoist, which meant that he had become a God …
Amidst the various opinions, a huge gamble was probably being made in the universe around these five people.
If all the chips placed on these five people were gathered together, the number of True Essence Jades would be an astronomical figure!
On the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, chess pieces were constantly condensing.
In the previous battle, a chess piece was placed.
But in the first battle, the black and white chess pieces each placed six chess pieces. At the same time, 13 chess pieces were placed on the chessboard!
Then, the jade-like hand stopped holding the chess pieces personally. Instead, it announced with a cold voice, "The first battle, Luo Zheng versus Qing Yu."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1351
Luo Zheng hadn't expected that he would encounter Qing Yu in his first battle.
Qing Yu had asked him for the Holy Slaughter Spear.
She had even said that he would obediently return the Holy Slaughter Spear to her.
What was her reason?
The spear was Xun's weapon, so Luo Zheng would definitely bring it out of the Illusory Battlefield and hand it over to Xun. However, he still wanted to hear her reason.
She jumped up from the chess piece and landed firmly on the chessboard.
Then, Qing Yu also took a step forward. She walked down an invisible staircase step by step.
As she walked, she smiled gently at Luo Zheng.
"Now, can you give me the Holy Slaughter Spear?" Qing Yu said indifferently.
"Reason?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Luo Zheng had a very good impression of the Demon Night Clan.
Without a doubt, they were a very beautiful clan in the universe, full of order and beauty.
However, because of what had happened to Liu Yu and Huan Ling, Luo Zheng was hostile to the Demon Night Clan.
Liu Yu was probably still suffering from torture, and Huan Ling's fate after returning from the Illusory Battlefield wouldn't be any better.
The fight between the two kings had caused great damage to the Demon Night Clan.
"No reason. I just want to make an exchange with you," Qing Yu said confidently.
"Hehe." Luo Zheng smiled coldly. "What are you going to give me in exchange for the Holy Slaughter Spear?"
The Holy Slaughter Spear was the number one spear in the universe.
In Luo Zheng's hands, it might not be able to erupt with great power. However, if it was given to Xun, it could erupt with endless power.
A supreme divine artifact was a priceless treasure. What did this woman want to use to exchange for it?
Many people pricked up their ears, wanting to know what kind of price Qing Yu would offer.
However, Qing Yu only opened her mouth slightly and transmitted her voice to Luo Zheng. "I have a perfect spirit embryo that has been nurtured in the Pond of Faith for countless years. If I exchange it with Xun, I believe that even Xun will give up on the Holy Slaughter Spear for the time being."
Hearing Qing Yu's words, Luo Zheng frowned.
If it was something else, Luo Zheng would have rejected it without even thinking about it.
But this was a perfect spirit embryo …
The faith collected in the faith ponds of the three kings were also different.
The Faith Water in the Faith Pond was formed by the Demon Night Clan's people's killing intent. That was why it was blood-red in color.
It was said that one could feel the dense killing intent from 10,000 miles away from the Pond of Faith. Ordinary creatures couldn't get close within 1,000 miles. Even Void Tribulation Realm martial artists couldn't withstand the killing intent within 100 miles. Only Divine Sea Realm martial artists could get close within 10 miles.
Meanwhile, the Pond of Faith of the Monarch of Life was a pool of light green water that was filled with boundless life force energy.
Even if a severely injured cultivator approached the Faith of Life Pond, they would be able to recover in a short time.
Right now, what Xun lacked the most was a physical body!
The spirit embryo nurtured in the Pond of Faith of Life was indeed worthy of being smoked …
But to exchange the Sacred Slaughter Spear for this spirit embryo?
"This spirit embryo is the perfect physical body for the Demon Night Clan. The Sacred Slaughter Spear is indeed a good thing, but it's still just an external object," Qing Yu said with a voice transmission when she saw Luo Zheng's expression change.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. He continued to ask, "The Sacred Slaughter Spear can only be considered complete in the hands of the King of Slaughter. What do you want it for?"
Qing Yu was silent for a moment. Naturally, she didn't want to tell Luo Zheng the real reason. She only said, "This spear is very important to me."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"I can't tell you." Qing Yu's face showed a hint of anger. "I'm only asking if you want to exchange it or not."
"Hehe, I'm not exchanging it." Luo Zheng revealed a sly smile.
The Sacred Slaughter Spear was indeed powerful, but ordinary members of the Demon Night Clan couldn't display its full power. Qing Yu definitely had another purpose.
She said that there was a perfect spirit embryo in the Pond of Faith of Life, and Luo Zheng believed her for the time being. However, even if he gave the gun to Qingyu, would she obediently deliver the spirit embryo to him according to the agreement?
Luo Zheng wasn't a three-year-old child. He had already made up his mind to reject this woman's offer. At the same time, Luo Zheng also wanted to obtain some useful information from her.
However, this woman was very tight-lipped. She refused to reveal her purpose.
This woman used the power of life. Moreover, she was a Dao Disciple of the Demon Night Clan.
Luo Zheng had some guesses about her origins. Perhaps this was the plan of the King of Life, who had always been very quiet.
However, what was the purpose of the King of Life's plan? Was it harmful to Xun? Luo Zheng couldn't make up his mind yet. However, it was better to be safe than sorry.
When he returned to the outside world, he could discuss with Xun. If Xun was willing to exchange the Sacred Slaughter Spear, then it wouldn't be too late.
Naturally, he didn't know that Qing Yu was the King of Life, Ying, herself.
After Luo Zheng rejected Qing Yu's request, Qing Yu's nimble eyebrows furrowed slightly. Then, she began to emit a sharp aura.
She was like an angry tigress. Standing in place, she stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Are you sure … you don't want to exchange?"
"If I don't want to exchange, then I don't want to exchange. What's there to be sure about?" Luo Zheng said with a relaxed smile.
Qing Yu snorted faintly. "Then … very good!"
Since Luo Zheng wasn't willing to obediently comply, Qing Yu didn't want to waste her breath on him.
However, the two of them talked for a long time …
Outside the scroll, there were some martial artists who didn't know what was going on. They were guessing what the two of them were talking about.
"Could it be that Qing Yu has also taken a fancy to Luo Zheng?"
"Haha, to be honest, Luo Zheng's luck with women is too much …"
"No wonder Ji Lian Sheng used peach blossoms as a lure to lure Luo Zheng into the dreamland."
However, in the midst of this discussion, the conversation between the two of them ended. Qing Yu suddenly launched an attack on Luo Zheng.
In the previous few battles, Qing Yu used the power of life to nurture all kinds of strange plants in the universe to resist the enemy. But now, Qing Yu changed her method. She sneered and said, "I've always thought that the power of life is the purest power, because it can give birth to all things and revive the earth …"
As she spoke, she stretched out her two hands.
Her left hand was white and round. Every inch of skin was emitting a pale green light. It was overflowing with a strong aura of life. That aura was incomparably sweet. Luo Zheng only glanced at it, and he felt a refreshing feeling of vitality!
The skin on Qing Yu's right hand was withered. It was full of wrinkles and cracks, and at the same time, it was emitting bursts of black Death Qi …
A pair of hands showed two completely different forms.
Where there was life, there was death …
Tens of thousands of creatures cycled between life and death.
The Laws of Life didn't just contain vitality. Conversely, the Laws of Life contained numerous profundities related to death!
Therefore, those who cultivated the Laws of Life were the ones who understood life and death the most.
Qing Yu was a little angry.
She didn't want to end this battle too easily …
If this was the outside world, she might choose to empty Luo Zheng's lifespan and seal his lifeline, so that he couldn't extend his life. Then, he would enter the Five Decay of the Heavens in advance and spend the rest of his life in old age.
Unfortunately, this was the Illusory Battlefield. This method was useless.
So, she chose another method that was even crueler.
"Cycle of life and death …"
In fact, some Empyreans had already guessed Qing Yu's identity, but they were still a little uncertain.
After all, the price of completely turning around was too high. Ying was taking a great risk. These Empyreans just couldn't figure out why she turned around and joined the Illusory Battlefield.
At this moment, after seeing Qing Yu use this method, those who were familiar with the King of Life were completely certain.
Qing Yu was Ying, the King of Life!
"This woman used such a fierce method as soon as she came up …"
"Cycle of life and death. With Luo Zheng's wisdom, I'm afraid he'll suffer if he falls into it!"
"There aren't many people who can truly endure this method, but once they do, there are actually some benefits!"
There was a sharp boundary between life and death.
On this side of the boundary was death, and on the other side was life …
However, when one's control of the Laws of Life reached the eighth level, they could accurately use this boundary.

Chapter 1352
"That Lie Qian Han should not have used brute force to kill him. It seemed that he had done exactly what Luo Zheng wanted, which was why he was killed by Luo Zheng with a single punch. If not for that, I'm afraid the outcome of the battle would have been difficult to determine …" Palace Master Jiu commented beside Ning Yu Die.
Ning Yu Die had a faint smile on her face, and did not refute Palace Master Jiu's point of view. She only needed to choose to believe in Luo Zheng, and that was enough …
From top to bottom, the Lie Family had never expected such an outcome.
As the saying goes, the greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment.
Who would have thought that Lie Qian Han's debut in the top ten battles would actually end up like this …
Lie Qian Han was the hope of the Lie Family.
This was a monster that had been created after decades of investment by such a huge force!
His entire body, every bone, every inch of skin and flesh, was in the most perfect shape. Apart from his extremely arrogant personality, and his lack of maturity, this person was the strongest genius that the Lie Family had nurtured.
The investment in Lie Qian Han was something that even Xuanyuan Chen Feng could not compare to …
And just like that, he was smashed into dust by Luo Zheng with a single punch?
Luo Zheng's punch did not seem to have landed on Lie Qian Han's body, but on the chests of all the martial artists with the surname Lie, and on the faces of all the Lie Family members.
This kind of defeat was an unbearable humiliation for the Lie Family!
"Lie Qian Han can't be that weak!"
"I, Lie Shen Bing, am not convinced! I want to challenge that Luo Zheng! "
"Damn it, that Luo Zheng is so cunning, to actually use such a method …"
After a long period of silence, the Lie Family started to boil. Countless martial artists of the Lie Family were filled with anger, and it was difficult for them to suppress it. Their voices were like a pot of boiling oil, and the clamor was getting louder and louder!
"All of you, shut up!"
The Lie Family's Patriarch roared.
In an instant, the entire Lie Family was immersed in silence.
The ancestors of the four big families were all Heavenly Venerables, but the Patriarch was the one in charge of the family.
"My son was reckless, and did not take Luo Zheng seriously. That's why he suffered such a huge loss. He lost wholeheartedly! He was utterly defeated! " The Lie Family's Patriarch said coldly. "I hope that this battle can teach Qian Han a lesson. At least he still has a chance!"
In the sky above the scroll, a chess piece slowly appeared in the air. On that chess piece, bits of light condensed, and Lie Qian Han's body gradually appeared.
Sitting on the chess piece, Lie Qian Han's eyes were a little dazed, and he looked a little dazed.
Clearly, he had not regained his senses …
Defeated by a single punch from Luo Zheng?
If this was an incense stick's worth of time ago, he would have thought that this was the biggest joke he had ever heard in his life.
In reality, if Luo Zheng had not used his own strength to counterattack him, coupled with Luo Zheng's additional strength, he would not have been able to kill Lie Qian Han. At most, he would have been able to severely injure Lie Qian Han.
However, Lie Qian Han, who was severely injured, was able to completely recover within ten breaths. His physical body's recovery ability was much stronger than that of an ordinary martial artist …
Moreover, the Divine Dao that he cultivated was very special …
It no longer mattered.
Lie Qian Han thought gloomily, but his gaze fell on Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
On Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face, there was a faint smile on it …
"What are you smiling at!" Lie Qian Han said angrily.
"Serves you right," Xuanyuan Chenfeng straightforwardly revealed a bright smile. He was very happy that Lie Qian Han was being taught a lesson by someone else. The only thing that he was slightly unhappy about was that the one teaching Lie Qian Han a lesson was Luo Zheng. Moreover, killing Lie Qian Han with a single punch was something that he, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, could not do.
Although he could also see that Luo Zheng's punch had some element of luck in it, since he was able to do it, it was his ability.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never knew how to find excuses.
"Hmph," Lie Qian Han snorted and did not say anything else. He seemed to have sunk into contemplation.
Although he was a madman, he was not an idiot. To someone of his status, this was indeed a great humiliation. However, he would not be defeated by such a setback. He still had a chance. If he wasted the next opportunity, that would be a true failure …
Martial artists who could achieve the body of a Daoist all had their own unique state of mind.
Lie Qian Han was crazy and stubborn. He did not know when to advance or retreat, but he knew when to repent …
Ji Luo Xue would never give up. Even if he failed, he would gladly accept it and work hard …
Jiang Zhengyi, on the other hand, pursued absolute justice. He would not allow even a grain of sand in his eyes …
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he had absolute confidence and an almost unbreakable Daoist Heart.
It might be easy to defeat or even kill them. However, it was almost impossible to break their Daoist Hearts. These were the monsters that were raised by the great forces!
The next match was between Soft Words and Jiang Zhengyi.
Since Soft Words had previously displayed strength that far surpassed her peers, and could even easily defeat Ji Luo Xue, almost everyone thought that Soft Words would win this match.
The Sky Immortal Clan had been thriving these past few years.
Just at the Sky Venerable level, they could already stand shoulder to shoulder with Thoughtless Gods.
Unexpectedly, their performance in the Dream Battlefield this time was not outstanding. Out of the two Daoists, one had already been eliminated. Only Jiang Zhengyi, who was somewhat stubborn, was left …
The Sky Immortal Clan was full of geniuses. It was indeed somewhat unjustifiable for only one of them to make it into the top ten.
As for Jiang Zhengyi's strength, it was estimated that he was even slightly weaker than Ji Luo Xue.
There should be no suspense in this match.
Among these ten people, there were not many who could restrain Qing Yu. Xuanyuan Chenfeng might have a slight chance, but the others probably did not stand a chance.
However, the result was completely beyond everyone's expectations.
Qing Yu had completely restrained Jiang Zhengyi from the very beginning. She used the Holy Binding Vine to wrap around his body, making him unable to move.
That Holy Binding Vine was like a giant python, wrapping around Jiang Zhengyi tightly. As the Holy Binding Vine grew, sharp thorns grew out of it and shot towards Jiang Zhengyi!
However, there was no trace of panic on Jiang Zhengyi's righteous face.
A faint golden Sacred Shield that looked like an eggshell enveloped Jiang Zhengyi's body, wrapping him up tightly.
This Sacred Shield was formed from Jiang Zhengyi's faith, and its defensive power was extremely domineering …
After this stalemate for a long time, Qing Yu also realized that she could not defeat her opponent with just the Holy Binding Vine. With a wave of her hand, another plant rapidly grew and bloomed into a black flower cage.
This was the Yin Demon Bone-Devouring Flower Cage. This flower cage was filled with bone-devouring water that could melt almost anything!
It was a plant that would cause people's expressions to change at the mere mention of it.
However, even if she threw Jiang Zhengyi's entire body into it, it still could not melt his Sacred Shield.
This was equivalent to handing a difficult problem to Qing Yu.
This guy from the Sky Immortal Clan looked like a complete idiot, but he had terrifying defensive power. That faint golden Sacred Shield was basically indestructible.
After the stalemate lasted for the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, Qing Yu used several methods but was still unable to break through Jiang Zhengyi's defense. It was only when she summoned a large number of heart-devouring bugs that she finally broke through his defense.
The Demon Night Clan won this battle, Qing Yu.
This meant that Qing Yu had defeated two Dao Children in a row, just like Luo Zheng.
The remaining Dao Children would encounter Qing Yu sooner or later. They stood on their chess pieces and pondered how to break Qing Yu's strategy …
Unfortunately, they could not receive guidance from their elders in this Heaven and Earth Chessboard. They did not know what methods they could use to restrain the heart-devouring bugs that Qing Yu had released.
Others might not have received guidance from their elders, but Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was an exception. When he nodded slightly, the broken sword in his hand told him the method to break through Qing Yu's defense. It seemed like he had more confidence in dealing with Qing Yu.
The battles on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard continued.
The next battle was between Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had lost to Luo Zheng once. This was his second battle. He had regained his confidence and vowed to defeat his opponent. However, when he discovered that his opponent was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face darkened.
He had lost to Xuanyuan Chenfeng before.
He had no confidence in dealing with Xuanyuan Chenfeng in this battle.
The broken sword in his hand was indeed his greatest trump card. However, this sword was still severely damaged. Before entering the Fantasy Battlefield, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had brought this broken sword with him to search for a way to repair it and fortuitous encounters …
In front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he had barely lasted a few rounds before admitting defeat. Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not make things too difficult for Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The next battle was finally Luo Zheng's turn again.
However, when Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard, he discovered that his opponent was actually Xi Youqin!
Although he knew that he would meet Xi Youqin sooner or later in this battle, Luo Zheng still felt very uncomfortable facing her!
However, Xi Youqin had a faint smile on her face. She placed her hands behind her back and walked leisurely towards Luo Zheng like a white lotus. She had a sweet smile on her face. How could there be any battle intent in her?

Chapter 1353
There were far too many secrets hidden between life and death.
In the universe, there weren't many martial artists that specialized in the Laws of Life. This type of Law could bring someone back from the dead, but it didn't have a strong killing power.
Thus, Ying was the weakest of the three kings of the Fiend Night Clan.
The heart-eating bugs that were always successful might be a sharp weapon against these Divine Sea realm geniuses, but they were nothing in front of an Empyrean powerhouse. There were far too many ways to restrain the heart-eating bugs …
In addition, they could use the power of life to nurture strange plants to fight.
However, Ying's Cycle of Life and Death was extremely powerful. Moreover, it was unique in the universe. It was a technique that Ying had comprehended endlessly from the Laws of Life.
Thus, when Soft Whisper used the Cycle of Life and Death, many Empyreans immediately confirmed her identity.
This was an ability that only the Laws of Life possessed.
This Cycle of Life and Death wasn't an offensive technique …
In that instant, Soft Whisper released a rich power of life with one hand, while her other hand released the power of life in the opposite direction. This was the rich deathly energy …
When these two powers simultaneously covered Soft Whisper, they dragged her into a state of life and death.
At the same time, Luo Zheng was also dragged into this state.
This was the 'state of life and death'!
When a living being was in this state of life and death, they would fall into a very unique state.
In theory, the living creatures were both dead and alive …
Taking a step forward meant life, taking a step back meant death …
When a living being fell into this state of life and death, they would fall into an extremely difficult state that would cause great damage to their soul.
This damage would also affect Soft Whisper. However, Soft Whisper was proficient in the Laws of Life and she had always been exploring the mysteries of life in this state of life and death. This damage wouldn't have much of an effect on her, but it would be extremely disadvantageous for her opponent.
This was like a martial artist that cultivated the Laws of Ice dragging their opponent into an extremely cold place. Both sides would face considerable pressure, but the martial artist that cultivated the Laws of Ice would naturally have it much easier.
The vigorous vitality and the rich deathly energy fused together and revolved around the chessboard of heaven and earth before finally turning into a gray fog.
As Luo Zheng stood in this fog, he could feel the quietness and tranquility within it.
From his body, a trace of laziness was born ….
To his surprise, he felt tired ….
The battle intent that had filled his heart also quietly dissipated.
This kind of negative emotion quietly attacked him, and then a feeling of impending death began to slowly spread!
Qingyu stood quietly in front of Luo Zheng. She was like a red spider lily covered in dust, bright and beautiful, but it was impossible to see her true appearance in the haze. There was a faint smile on her face, and a strange look in her eyes.
"To be able to maintain a clear mind in the midst of life and death, you are indeed outstanding. No wonder Xun is willing to follow you. Although Xun is a little foolish, she still has a good eye …"
As she spoke, she walked towards Luo Zheng. This meant that Luo Zheng's mind was stable and his heart of martial arts was tenacious …
Many martial artists, after being drawn into a life and death situation, would be restrained by the fear of death!
The fear of death was inescapable for many martial artists.
After all, death meant returning to zero. It meant that everything he cared about and everything related to him would disappear!
The intensity of this fear varied from person to person.
Some people were able to see through life and death, so they would be less affected by death. Since they had nothing left to live for, they might as well die.
On the other hand, the stronger one's obsession with this world, the greater the impact would be!
… …
Luo Zheng's obsession was not weak.
Whether it was to find the Luo Yan outside of the Heavenly Dao, or to pursue greater power, or to protect his lover, Luo Zheng fought for these obsessions.
At the beginning, the fear was still manageable, and Luo Zheng's obsession could resist it.
However, as Luo Zheng spent more and more time in this life and death situation, the fear became stronger and stronger.
The lines and chess pieces on the chessboard of heaven and earth began to slowly disappear.
Under Luo Zheng's feet was an endless abyss, and he was standing on a thin line above this abyss.
The stronger the obsession, the more afraid of death.
"I can't die …"
A strange look appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Qingyu stared at Luo Zheng with an indifferent look. In fact, the life and death situation was, frankly speaking, a test of obsession.
The stronger his obsession was, the more severe the backlash from his own obsession would be!
Imperceptibly, his state of mind would be completely shattered by his obsession.
On this thin line, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and took a step toward Qingyu …
The moment he took a step, he dashed toward Qingyu …
The fear in his heart was very real. It was not an illusion, but a complete experience of life and death, which was forcibly imposed on his mind.
With Luo Zheng's current state of mind, he could not resist or escape. The only way was to kill the fear before it grew!
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was very resolute!
With a faint smile on her face, Qingyu put her hands behind her back. Like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water, the tip of her foot touched the thin line several times. In an instant, she retreated a distance of one hundred zhang!
"It's useless. Your heart of martial arts is indeed stable, but that's because you have a strong obsession. Unfortunately, the stronger your obsession, the stronger your fear will be. When that fear reaches a certain level," Whisper said, pulling out a jade-like hand, which seemed to be holding Luo Zheng's heart, "At that time, with a 'bang', your heart will burst and you will die. You will be scared to death by yourself!"
In this universe, there was a kind of illusion technique, which was very similar to Qingyu's method of killing people.
It was to use the illusion technique to outline an extremely realistic scene, making the other party fall into it and unable to extricate themselves, eventually leading them to death.
However, an illusion technique was an illusion technique, and its grade could not be compared with Qingyu's life and death situation …
This life and death situation was Qingyu's supreme understanding of life. It was not an illusion technique, and it could not be seen through.
If one wanted to get through the life and death situation safely, he could only choose to break through it!
On the chess piece, Ku Deng sat quietly. Although he was not involved in the life and death situation, the momentum from the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth attracted him …
"Amitabha," Ku Deng murmured.
He had already regarded Qingyu as one of his biggest rivals.
However, this life and death situation had no lethality to Ku Deng …
Buddhism was pure and free of desires. His obsession was to sacrifice himself for Buddhism. If he could transcend life and death and achieve the Golden Body of Buddhism, he could achieve Ku Deng's obsession.
It was not difficult for Ku Deng to let go of this obsession.
Hua Tianming and Xuanyuan Chenfeng also showed a dignified expression.
They might also encounter the means that Luo Zheng encountered.
This life and death situation …
For them, it was a great challenge. Now, they also needed to think of a way to deal with it in advance.
That fear was like a demon, absorbing Luo Zheng's obsession and growing crazily.
At this moment, the more anxious Luo Zheng was, the stronger the fear was, and it became a burden in his heart.
"Die!"
At the moment of rushing, Luo Zheng burst out all the vital energy in his body at the same time!
His whole body was like a gust of wind, catching up with Qingyu at an extremely fast speed …
However, Qing Yu merely smiled, and with a twist of her body, she danced on the thin line like a nimble butterfly.
Walking on the edge of life and death was like eating a meal for her.
When his attack missed, Luo Zheng turned over, and the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was already in his hand.
However, before he could prepare the next wave of attacks, his heart suddenly skipped a beat.
"Thump!"
His heart produced a fierce contraction!
The sound of the heartbeat was transmitted, and even Qingyu could hear it clearly …
"This sound is really pleasant to the ear," Qingyu smiled slightly.
His heart could not stop beating wildly. Luo Zheng encountered it once in the Secret Realm of the Witch Tribe.
But at that time, it was because of the stimulation of external factors, and Luo Zheng could still bear it and think of a way to break it …
But now, his heart was fiercely beating, because of himself!
His heart suddenly jumped, and Luo Zheng groaned, showing a painful expression on his face!
Qingyu stood not far away, and said with a faint smile, "You have a strong heart … Unfortunately, you also have an even stronger obsession, the desire to survive!"
Her voice just fell …
"Thump!"
Luo Zheng's heart violently beat again.
This time, Luo Zheng's throat was stained with a sweet taste, and then he spat out a mouthful of blood, and his whole body knelt on the thin line!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1354
Qing Yu stood not far away, looking down at Luo Zheng. She sighed with emotion.
Luo Zheng's bone age was no more than 30 years old …
In her opinion, he was indeed very young and exceptionally outstanding.
In this great world, the top ten would bear a great fate.
In return, they would be rewarded with a higher rank.
The person Xun had chosen was indeed not bad.
As long as this person didn't die, he would be able to help Xun return to the throne of the King of Slaughter …
"Being defeated between life and death isn't a disgrace. On the contrary, it proves that your obsession is extremely strong. In this world, those with great obsession are usually the most successful people … So, please admit defeat," Qing Yu said indifferently.
In ancient times, there was a legend about the Heavenly Pool Mountain. It was said that one had to kneel for a thousand years before the treasure appeared.
Many people went to check it out. Most of them scoffed, not believing this legend.
However, hundreds of people stayed and knelt in front of the Heavenly Pool Mountain …
A year later, everyone chose to leave. In the end, only one person stayed.
Others mocked that person for being stupid. Rumors were just rumors. A thousand years was precious.
However, that person remained unmoved. He knelt for a thousand years.
A hundred years later, the Heavenly Pool Mountain cracked, and the treasure appeared.
This story spread widely in the universe. It was just a legend.
This legend was to tell everyone that those with great obsession would press forward even if it was a seemingly stupid goal. What if … they succeeded?
The first prerequisite for carrying out the obsession was to "live". They needed to live.
That year, when Ying created the Cycle of Life and Death, she had cleverly used this point to open up this space between life and death.
The space between life and death was the closest place to death. She used the threat of death to arouse the desire to live in the obsession!
To break through this space between life and death, one had to comprehend life and death.
However, to comprehend life and death in such a short time? And to do it in front of her? This was something that was almost impossible to do.
Her remaining opponents were all newly born geniuses in the past few decades. They had completely understood life and death. Could these little guys do it?
With this move, how could they be her opponents?
"Thump!"
Another muffled sound was heard.
Luo Zheng was close to death. Thus, the fear became stronger. The stronger the fear, the more severe the impact on Luo Zheng's mind …
Therefore, his heartbeat became more and more violent, as if a cannon had exploded in his chest!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people's.
If that wasn't the case, his chest would probably explode with a single heartbeat!
Luo Zheng's body staggered as he leaned against the thin line, gasping for breath.
The wounds on his body were nothing …
However, the pressure in his heart was like a heavy hammer with the weight of a hundred mountains, pressing down on his heart. It could be lifted up high and smashed down at any time.
"Don't be stubborn anymore. Give the Sacred Massacre Spear to me, and I promise you that I will help Smoky reconstruct in the spirit embryo. I can also admit defeat in this battle …" Qing Yu originally wanted to say that she could give Smoky a push from behind, but when she thought about how her cultivation was only at the Divine Sea Realm, she couldn't choose to be Yao's enemy.
As she spoke, she approached Luo Zheng. She even extended a jade-like hand to Luo Zheng, as if she wanted to support Luo Zheng.
However, her gaze was fixed on the Sumeru Ring in Luo Zheng's hand.
If she killed Luo Zheng, he would resurrect on the chess piece. Before the victor was decided, she must snatch the Sacred Massacre Spear.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up, and the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword drew an arc in front of him!
"Whoosh!"
The sword's edge slashed out a half-moon in the air.
The front of the half-moon just happened to brush past Qing Yu's finger …
Drops of blood sputtered out.
Qing Yu looked at the wound on her hand, and then a green light flashed. Under the cover of the Law of Life, the wound quickly healed.
"You …" At this moment, as Qing Yu sized up Luo Zheng, a trace of doubt appeared on her face.
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng's struggle should have required a strong will, and he should have suffered an even greater backlash.
However, he didn't seem to be affected by this life and death situation.
He could see through life and death so quickly?
Impossible …
When Qing Yu looked into Luo Zheng's eyes, her shapely eyebrows slightly wrinkled.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes didn't have the slightest trace of emotion. He looked like a lifeless puppet.
Qing Yu was very sensitive to the power of life.
A situation like Luo Zheng's should only appear on those lifeless puppets!
However, Luo Zheng's own power of life didn't disappear …
"Is it strange?" Luo Zheng said coldly. The Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword's edge glowed with a cold light. "This life and death situation is indeed strange. It can even be used as a place for cultivation."
Some Divine Ocean realm martial artists knew that they couldn't achieve good results, but they still chose to enter the Illusory Battlefield to gain experience and accept the most realistic test of life and death. It was very helpful to them.
"However, I don't need this kind of test for the time being," Luo Zheng continued coldly.
Qing Yu's face was full of doubt. "You … how did you do it?"
Luo Zheng smiled coldly. "Look at those Dao children. They all entered the Divine Dao and have their own Dao. Why can't I have my own Divine Dao, my own Dao?"
"What Divine Dao?" Qing Yu asked.
"Weng weng weng …"
As soon as she said that, Luo Zheng's longsword began to hum.
From the sword's body, there was a fluctuating sword intent …
"My Divine Dao is … the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly took a step forward. His right arm thrust the longsword's tip towards Qing Yu!
Because he thrust it out too quickly, the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword's slender body was even bent by the air, like a small arch bridge. However, after this sword was completely thrust out, the originally straight body of the sword was straightened by Luo Zheng!
At the same time, the unparalleled power of the Divine Yi Sword burst out!
Seeing this, Qing Yu's face changed greatly!
The tip of her foot spun, and her entire body rapidly slid back on that thin line.
After sliding back for less than three steps, she discovered that the sword light was extremely fast. Her retreating speed was simply unable to shake it off!
Qing Yu's reaction was extremely fast. After sliding back three steps, she jumped up and flipped in the air to dodge the Divine Yi Sword.
However, Luo Zheng didn't give her the slightest chance. After flipping in the air, she once again stepped on that thin line. At this moment, Qing Yu's face was extremely unsightly.
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao …
Regardless of whether it was obsession or fear, they were all manifestations of human emotions.
This was the terror between life and death.
However, Luo Zheng had comprehended the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, which was to completely sever one's emotions!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart didn't have the slightest bit of distracting thoughts. His seven emotions and six desires were more or less severed, so there was no fear of death!
Many people in the Human Dao Alliance knew that Luo Zheng cultivated the Divine Yi Sword.
However, the scope of the news was only in the Thirteen Heavenly Palaces …
However, they also didn't know that Luo Zheng cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!
The Divine Yi Sword was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?
When the cultivators who had been affected by the sword cloud saw this scene, their hearts were greatly shaken.
Some people had comprehended a small portion of the Divine Yi Sword and knew that this sword was very powerful, but they didn't pay too much attention to it.
For example, Ai Anxin had comprehended quite a bit, but she paid more attention to her master's teachings …
However, she never thought that the Divine Yi Sword could comprehend the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
After all, only a few people knew that Chen Huang had become a true divinity with the Divine Yi Sword. Even more people thought that he had died.
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Brother Luo Zheng actually cultivated this Divine Dao. This … isn't this the Restriction Dao!" Hua Tianming's face revealed a surprised expression. He guessed that Luo Zheng had probably entered the Divine Dao, but he didn't think that he would choose the Restriction Dao.
"This sword is quite powerful." Xuanyuan Chenfeng revealed a confident smile.
Although he was praising Luo Zheng, he was already comparing himself to Luo Zheng in his heart.
Luo Zheng's Divine Yi Sword was indeed powerful, but it probably consumed a lot of true essence. Just now, he had been lying on the ground for half a day, so he probably used up more than half of his true essence sea?
No matter what, with this guy's cultivation, he probably only had enough for two or three sword strikes!
"I'm not afraid," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said indifferently. He had absolute confidence in himself at all times.

Chapter 1355
Xuanyuan Chenfeng maintained absolute confidence at all times.
That was his belief …
There was no cultivation method or martial skill that he couldn't learn.
There was no opponent that he couldn't defeat …
There was no difficulty that he couldn't overcome.
Among his peers, there was no existence that could defeat him, because he was the strongest!
No matter how amazing the talent, it couldn't be compared to him. He had become a Dao Disciple at such a young age, and the number of people who could stand shoulder to shoulder with him could be counted on one hand.
No matter how deep the foundation, it couldn't be compared to him. Behind him was the Xuanyuan Clan, the number one clan in the universe …
What could strike a blow to such a guy?
He had just concluded that Luo Zheng's trump card could only be used two or three times, and it would be his limit. In the end, he would still lose to Qingyu.
However, the next scene was beyond Xuanyuan Chenfeng's imagination.
After Luo Zheng stabbed out with his first sword, he didn't intend to stop …
The sword in his hand was faster than the previous one!
Every single sword strike contained peerlessly swift and fierce Sword Insight!
That sword intent was extremely extreme, as if it could pierce through heaven and earth, and it flew toward Qingyu!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
After dozens of sword strikes, Luo Zheng didn't stop for a moment!
"This guy … is more monstrous than a monster." Xuanyuan Chenfeng stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. At this moment, he was even a little confused.
Luo Zheng didn't take Zhen Yuanyu …
Could it be that he had a treasure that could store Zhen Yuanyu?
This kind of treasure was extremely rare in the universe. For example, the Zhen Yuanyu Utensil, which was ranked one hundred and twenty on the Universal Myriad Spirit Tablet, could store a portion of Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu Utensil. It could double the amount of Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu Utensil.
However, even if it doubled Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuanyu, it couldn't reach that level …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng also couldn't figure it out.
He wasn't the only one who couldn't figure it out …
All the martial artists who saw this scene couldn't figure it out.
Luo Zheng's sword strike consumed a terrifying amount of Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu, not to mention dozens of sword strikes.
Many people had a question in their hearts. Where did Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuanyu come from?
Qingyu's thoughts were similar to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's. She had suppressed Luo Zheng too much, and in the end, she was met with his strongest counterattack.
According to Qingyu's judgment, Luo Zheng would be defeated after this wave of trump cards.
However, reality was cruel.
Yi Shen's sword slashed towards her crazily. There seemed to be no end to this wave of attack.
Not only that, each strike was stronger than the previous one!
The most troublesome thing was that she and Luo Zheng were both on the line between life and death, so Qingyu couldn't dodge to the left or the right.
Dodging Luo Zheng's Sword of God Yi in a vertical direction was obviously very dangerous …
She had no choice but to remove the Cycle of Life and Death!
The Cycle of Life and Death had already lost its effect on Luo Zheng. If she didn't remove it, she would be the one restricting herself.
"Sou!"
A sword light flashed past her snow-white thighs and entered the chessboard, leaving behind a fine mark on the board. Although the mark was small, it had penetrated the chessboard …
"Puff!"
At the same time, blood sputtered out from her thighs. The blood flowed down her snow-white thighs, which was a ghastly sight.
For Qingyu, this kind of small injury could be healed in an instant.
However, she didn't even have the time to do so. The first sword light had yet to disappear, and the next sword light came one after another!
"Heart Eating Insects!"
While retreating, Qingyu gently spread out her hands, and countless Heart Eating Insects suddenly appeared beside her.
These Heart Eating Insects intertwined with each other, forming a black mass. They formed a huge arrow and rushed towards Luo Zheng …
These Heart Eating Insects had caused several Heaven's Prides to suffer losses.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't have the slightest bit of carelessness.
He activated the sword intent and attached it to his sword. Then, with a speed that couldn't be seen by the naked eye, the long sword stabbed forward!
These Heart Eating Insects were not afraid of water or fire, and it was difficult to kill them with ordinary methods.
However, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Divine Sword was wrapped in a layer of sword intent, and the sword stabbed at the Heart Eating Insect at the front.
"Pop!"
With this sword, Luo Zheng exploded that Heart Eating Insect.
"It's effective!"
Luo Zheng was also somewhat afraid of these Heart Eating Insects. They were densely packed, and they were almost indestructible!
Now that he found that he could easily explode these Heart Eating Insects, his expression became even calmer. With a slight shake of his wrist, the tip of the Thunder Wind Divine Sword rapidly spat out!
"Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop …"
One by one, the Heart Eating Insects exploded under Luo Zheng's sword!
When a large number of Heart Eating Insects approached Luo Zheng, he used the Eight Winding Smoke!
Although these Heart Eating Insects weren't large, they would still cause small fluctuations as they danced in the air.
Luo Zheng's body was like a piece of paper, and he always maintained a distance of three inches from these Heart Eating Insects …
Although the Eight Winding Smoke was mysterious, Qingyu's main body, or the other Daoists, could still break it. However, these small Heart Eating Insects couldn't get close to Luo Zheng.
It had to be said that the two techniques Luo Zheng cultivated just so happened to restrain Qingyu's divine ability.
After continuously dodging, Qingyu became somewhat annoyed. She suddenly waved her hand, and a wooden staff appeared in her hand.
This wooden staff was thin at the front and thick at the back. The end of the wooden staff looked like a bird's nest, and it was covered with little green leaves. These leaves emitted a powerful life force.
This was the exclusive treasure of the Fiend Night Clan's King of Life, the 32nd supreme divine artifact in the universe, the Staff of Life!
"Hmph!"
When Luo Zheng forced her into a corner like this, a trace of anger appeared on Qingyu's face.
She had originally thought that she could easily take down this little guy, but now he had dragged her into such trouble. This was truly unexpected.
She had no choice but to take out the Staff of Life!
The instant Qingyu raised the Staff of Life, her face flickered with boundless dignity.
At this moment, it was as if she had transformed into the former Ying Ying!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Within the Sattva Scepter, streaks of faint green life force floated out!
After these streaks of life force appeared, they began to violently fluctuate. Clumps of life force continuously formed shapes on the chessboard, and in the end, they transformed into Vicious Beasts of various shapes and sizes!
"Roar!"
These Vicious Beasts were all at the twelfth level, which was roughly equivalent to the human race's ultimate divine stage.
"Astral Wind Mastiff!"
"Primordial Dragon Sculpture!"
"Earth Fiend Horse …"
After these Vicious Beasts took form, they charged straight at Luo Zheng.
However, how could mere Vicious Beasts block Luo Zheng's Godly Yi Sword? Even the Sunflower Turtle, which had the strongest defense, was finished off with a single strike …
However, Qingyu didn't expect these Vicious Beasts to be able to defeat Luo Zheng.
She only needed to delay Luo Zheng and prevent Luo Zheng from chasing after her.

Chapter 1356
After killing those Ferocious Beasts one by one, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all.
After cutting off his seven emotions and six desires, Luo Zheng didn't have any worries or distracting thoughts. In his eyes, there was only the sword in his hand.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't completely stepped into the Divine Path after all!
When Qingyu placed the Staff of Life in front of her, an invisible force spread out from her hand!
"Buzz …"
At this moment, even though Luo Zheng had broken free from the entanglement of fear, he had no choice but to retreat quickly.
He was indeed unafraid of death, but it didn't mean that he would throw away his life.
However, Qingyu wasn't in a hurry. She just smiled at Luo Zheng, but her eyes wandered outside the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
From outside the scroll, she was facing the audience outside the scroll.
The Staff of Life suddenly stood upright, and Qingyu's voice spread out.
In fact, this scroll unfolded above the countless illusory spaces in the universe, which was equivalent to a special roar. However, her voice could only be transmitted around the illusory spaces. The number of creatures it could cover was limited, but it could show her scene.
"Old guys, open your eyes and look carefully. Look at how I break the 'Boundary of the Heavenly Path' that you've been talking about so much …"
Qingyu's words were said to the Celestial Venerables.
Many Celestial Venerables in the universe had already guessed Qingyu's identity. She seemed to know that she couldn't escape from the eyes of those Celestial Venerables, so she didn't deliberately hide herself.
However, her words confused those Celestial Venerables. The old guys she mentioned should be what she said to the Celestial Venerables. What did she want to do?
"The Limit of the Heavenly Path …"
In the Misty Cloud Palace, Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox looked surprised.
Standing to the side, Yun Luo also asked in surprise, "She wants to tell everyone that she can break this limit?"
Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox nodded.
"It's possible, but also impossible …" Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox was somewhat conflicted.
The Limit of the Heavenly Path was the biggest restriction in the universe.
It was an absolute restriction on the power of many creatures in the universe.
So far, only Daoists could cross this Heavenly Path and become True Gods after the Mahayana Lotus Flower was fully opened.
How few Daoists were there?
In the past 100 million years, how many creatures had been born in the universe? That was a number that even Empyreans could not calculate.
There were so many living beings, but not a single Daoist was born …
In the past, the time frame for the birth of a Dao Disciple was measured in hundreds of millions of years. They were geniuses that only appeared once in hundreds of millions of years.
It was also because of the arrival of this Great Era that so many prodigies had appeared, but the number of Dao Children still did not exceed ten …
None of the Celestial Venerables were Daoists.
After bearing the Mandate of Heaven, the lotus flower stabilized and could no longer bloom.
Ten million years ago, Celestial Venerable Cloudfox had opened 33 lotus leaves. Even now, there were still 33 of them.
He no longer had the possibility of surpassing the Heavenly Dao.
Not only him, but all the other Empyreans had also lost this ability.
On the contrary, those sector lords had a sliver of possibility, just that this possibility was extremely minuscule.
Actually, there were also people who could cross the Heavenly Dao as an Empyrean. However, there was only one person in the entire universe, and that was Chen Huang Yi Jian, Empyrean Yi Jian.
However, the matter of Empyrean Yijian becoming a True God was still considered a secret. No one knew about it.
As for whether or not he was able to break through as an Empyrean because of the Severing Emotions Divine Path, this was even more unknown.
All the Empyreans in the universe were attracted by Qing Yu's words.
This Ying was willing to give up everything to reincarnate. Could it be that she had really discovered something?
Did she really have a way to break free from the restrictions?
"Ying, no matter what you've discovered, let's wait and see …" An old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan muttered.
No one was willing to be bound, but since ancient times, how many people had been able to break free?
Ying tapped the Staff of All Life on the ground …
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The moment the tip of the staff touched the ground, sporadic bits of green appeared on the grayish-white Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Soon, the green began to spread over the entire chessboard, turning the chessboard into a green sea.
Flowers, plants, and trees grew rapidly, appearing to be full of vitality.
The green grass grew past Luo Zheng's knees, and a strange expression flashed across his wooden face.
Luo Zheng instinctively felt a sense of threat, but until now, he still couldn't understand what Qing Yu was trying to do.
"This is much more pleasing to the eye," Qing Yu continued in a clear voice. Her words weren't only directed at Luo Zheng, but also at the other Empyreans. "After cultivating the Law of Life to the ninth level, no matter how hard I try, I can't advance any further …"
The ninth level of the Law of Life had only one profound meaning, and that was reincarnation.
Not only could Qing Yu reincarnate herself, but she could also reincarnate others.
However, reincarnation was different from the previous Empyrean who had the Mandate of Heaven. After reincarnation, all her cultivation would be exhausted. Aside from her memories, it was equivalent to changing her body.
Qing Yu wasn't a Empyrean, so she could only cultivate the Law of Life to this level.
If she wanted to advance any further, she had to bear the Mandate of Heaven that was related to the Law of Life!
"I've tried many directions, but no matter which direction, there was an insurmountable limit. I believe you've all encountered it," Qing Yu said with a faint smile.
Many almighty experts had cultivated to this level in order to pursue a higher level of power.
For Empyreans, wealth, sex, and power were already insignificant, and they disdained to pursue them …
Although the universe was huge, how big was it for Empyreans?
Although there were countless secrets hidden in many secret realms, the benefits those secrets brought to Empyreans were minuscule.
The meaning of their existence was only to explore the world they didn't know …
"I know you've all failed," Qing Yu continued. "However, I'm about to succeed …"
Qing Yu wasn't stingy in sharing her findings.
In this picture scroll, she was displaying her strength to the entire universe!
Hualala …
A green spiral surrounded Soft Whisper and spread out. Then, a gentle breeze swept up. The small trees and the green grass swayed gently …
In this aura, Qing Yu didn't have a strong killing intent.
Immediately after, a majestic life force surged out from Whisper's body and soared into the sky!
Whoosh!
Her long curly hair fluttered directly above her head, revealing a beautiful point on her forehead.
Her almost perfect eyes glowed with green, as if the God of Life had personally descended in front of Luo Zheng!
Then, Qing Yu smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. "I'll borrow … you!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she stretched out her hand and pointed towards Luo Zheng from afar!
Luo Zheng himself didn't feel anything strange …
However, after Soft Whisper pointed, a green sphere appeared at the tip of the Staff of Life in front of her.
These spheres were only the size of a fist, and they looked like ostrich eggs as they rolled down from the tip of the Staff of Life …
These spheres contained the strongest law of life in the universe. This was the ninth level of the law of life.
"What is Qing Yu trying to do?"
"She seems to have used reincarnation on Luo Zheng?"
"Ying is the only one in the universe who has cultivated to the ninth level of the law of life, but reincarnation is also limited. Besides, shouldn't she use Luo Zheng's body as a medium to reincarnate?"
These Celestial Venerables hadn't cultivated to the ninth level of the law of life, but they could roughly guess it.
If she wanted to reincarnate Luo Zheng, she had to first kill Luo Zheng and then give him a new life.
These Celestial Venerables were also confused by Qing Yu's actions.
The first small sphere rolled slowly on the ground. Soon, the surface of the sphere started to extend, and then it started to expand and transform …
The green sphere kept transforming and gradually grew to the height of a person. Then, it revealed a green spine, contracted lungs, a heart, and finally muscles, hair, and skin …
A person who looked exactly like Luo Zheng appeared beside Qing Yu.
From appearance to cultivation, to temperament and ability, this person was practically no different from Luo Zheng!
The only difference between him and Luo Zheng was that he wasn't wearing any clothes …
"Ah, so embarrassing …" Xi Youqin, who was on the chess piece, started to feel a little uncomfortable when she saw this scene. She couldn't bear to see her husband standing there naked.
Luo Zheng's eyes also revealed a hint of surprise.
In front of him, there was another person who looked exactly like him?
Luo Zheng had encountered this situation in the illusion array before, but the illusion array was just an outline of an illusion. Although this was the Illusory Battlefield, Qing Yu had indeed reconstructed herself!
She was … Creation!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1357
When Soft Whisper casually created a Luo Zheng, all the Empyreans held their breaths.
Many Sector Lords also stared with wide eyes at the unbelievable scene in the picture scroll.
Soft Whisper had casually created strange plants and fierce beasts, which was understandable.
She had been immersed in the Life Laws for many years, so it wasn't difficult for her to do this …
When one cultivated the Life Laws to the sixth level, they could create spiritual beings.
They could create living beings they needed, but the process was very slow.
When one cultivated to the seventh level, they could directly use the Life Laws to create living beings, and the speed was incomparably fast. When one reached Ying's level, they could create living beings to defend against enemies.
But before creating a living being, they needed to thoroughly analyze the living being, and those living beings weren't complete.
But Soft Whisper had created a real Luo Zheng in such a short time!
In the Heavenly Dao, there was a kind of destiny, the destiny of creation. This was the pinnacle of the Life Laws, the profound meaning of the tenth level, creation.
By bearing this destiny, one could create things.
Soft Whisper was Ying …
She was only the King of Life, and her strength might be able to contend with an Empyrean, but she didn't bear the destiny of creation. It was impossible for her to touch upon the profound meaning of creation.
But at this moment, she had created a real Luo Zheng.
In the eyes of the Empyreans, this was simply inconceivable!
She wasn't an Empyrean! How could she do this!
But what was even more inconceivable was that the green balls rolling down from the Staff of Life began to be created one by one. Gradually, they turned into real Luo Zheng, standing side by side in a row!
These "Luo Zheng" had indifferent expressions, but every part of their bodies was undoubtedly Luo Zheng!
"The Empyrean who bore the destiny of creation couldn't casually use this ability …"
"Creation itself has its limits. After all, this ability is too powerful. With a thought, one can create an unknown existence, but one can only create one thing in a short period of time …"
"In other words, not only did Ying break through the limits of the ninth level, she even broke through the limits of the universe?"
"This is the power to surpass the Heavenly Dao!"
Many Heavenly Venerates had incredulous looks on their faces.
To the millions of low-level martial artists, they could feel the restrictions of the Heavenly Dao.
It was already extremely difficult for a warrior to break through to the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation …
Not to mention becoming a Sector Lord and ascending to the Sky Sovereign position!
Even if they worked hard for their entire lives, it would still be difficult for them to achieve this goal.
Therefore, for ordinary warriors, having this boundary was equivalent to not having it. In any case, they would never be able to touch it in their entire lives.
However, these Celestial Lords were different. They were truly restricted by the Heavenly Dao and had no possibility of advancing any further. They could only watch helplessly as their lifespans ran out and they fell into the Five Decays of Heaven and Man. They became a story in the universe and were eventually buried in history.
Thus, the methods that Qingyu displayed were aimed directly at the dreams of these Empyreans!
Perhaps this method wasn't that powerful. Not to mention creating a few Luo Zheng, even if there were hundreds or thousands of Luo Zheng, the Celestial Lord would be able to destroy them with a wave of his hand.
But the significance it represented was astonishingly great. No Empyrean dared to ignore it.
"This Qingyu … How did she do it?!"
"I want to go to the Fiend Night Clan personally!"
"After the Illusory Battlefield ends, I'm willing to pay them a visit!"
This thought flashed through the minds of all the Empyreans. Some Empyreans wanted to set off immediately, but the battle in the Illusory Battlefield was still ongoing. They were afraid that they would miss out on some important details if they left!
Within the palace shrouded in layers of clouds …
A hint of confusion appeared on the mysterious young woman's face. Her gaze swept across the boundless distance and focused on the "Luo Zheng" that Qingyu had created.
"This is indeed the ability to create. The tenth level of the Heavenly Dao of Life …"
With a wave of her hand, a dazzling golden crown appeared in her hand.
"The Crown of Heavenly Dao of Creation has already been reclaimed by the Heavenly Dao. This woman is quite powerful." The mysterious young woman furrowed her brows as she looked at Qingyu. Then, she stared at the Staff of Life in Qingyu's hand.
"This paragon divine artifact only possesses the karmic laws of the 'Torrent of Life'. It can't help her create things!
"How strange. This has never happened in the past few eras …"
While the mysterious young woman was puzzled, her gaze focused on a touch of green. When she looked at the Heavenly Dao of Life, she fell into deep thought. There was actually a mystery in this universe that she couldn't solve. It was quite comical.
As she was sizing up Qingyu, she didn't expect Qingyu to suddenly raise her head and smile at the clouds that couldn't be dispersed. There was a hint of mockery in that smile.
It was unknown whether Qingyu smiled intentionally or unintentionally.
"Ha … How dare you laugh at me!" The mysterious young woman immediately puffed up her cheeks. A feeling of being fooled arose spontaneously …
…
On the chessboard, Qingyu faced Luo Zheng. She said to Luo Zheng calmly, "I really envy you Dao Disciples. You are born extraordinary and have the ability to surpass the Heavenly Dao. It's a pity for us old fellows …"
Actually, Qingyu and Ying weren't considered old. Ying, Yao, and Xun were the three new kings. Compared to the lifespan of those Celestial Venerables, they were extremely young. Especially Qingyu, who was only 20 years old after reincarnating. In theory, she was younger than Luo Zheng by a few years.
"Your strange sword is indeed very powerful." Qingyu continued smiling. "But are you sure you can defeat yourself? Defeat … ten of yourself? "
After she finished speaking, the ten Luo Zheng on her body suddenly started to move …
Every strand of hair and every inch of muscle on their bodies were exactly the same as Luo Zheng's.
Strictly speaking, Qingyu couldn't be considered as a creation. She was a clone, a copy. It was just that she used the ability of creation to perfectly copy ten Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The ten Luo Zheng disappeared in front of Qingyu in an instant and floated towards Luo Zheng from different directions!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had entered the emotion-severing state. Otherwise, he would have felt very awkward seeing ten people who were exactly the same as him but naked.
Luo Zheng hadn't become a Dao Disciple. His emotion-severing wasn't complete, so he still felt a bit strange.
But this didn't affect his combat strength …
This woman was showing something to those Celestial Venerables.
He might not understand.
But Luo Zheng only knew that he had to win!
"Buzz …"
The Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword shook heavily in his hand, and a sharp sword intent shot out!
It faced one of the "Luo Zheng" who was charging towards him!
But before the sword light released by the Godly Yi Sword could slash at the opponent, a white mist spread out from the opponent's body!
"Eight Turns Flying Smoke!"
That "Luo Zheng" slightly twisted his body in the air and tried to dodge the power of his sword at an unimaginable angle!
But the speed of the Godly Yi Sword was also extremely fast. Although the Eight Turns Flying Smoke was incomparably exquisite, the Godly Yi Sword was still able to break through the three inch boundary, and this sword still hit that "Luo Zheng".
"Pu!"
Blood spurted out, but this sword only cut through the opponent's skin. That "Luo Zheng" drew a strange arc in the air and directly charged towards Luo Zheng!
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng didn't dare to take this punch head on and quickly retreated.
But at the same time, three "Luo Zheng" flanked him from both sides …
"Youshen Shadow!"
Dozens of shadows with the same silhouette as Luo Zheng suddenly shot out from the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword and charged towards those "Luo Zheng".
These "Youshen Shadows" were very useful. The moves they used were also Luo Zheng's fist techniques, and they were extremely exquisite.
But these "Youshen Shadows" were ultimately just sword techniques. How could they be a match for the real "Luo Zheng"?
"Pu pu pu …"
In an instant, the "Youshen Shadows" released by Luo Zheng were cleaned up by those "Luo Zheng". They were not even able to delay for a breath's time!
Finally, the first "Luo Zheng" charged in front of Luo Zheng and smashed a fist towards him!
"This Luo Zheng is proud of his brute strength. How is he going to face his own strength now?"
"Heh, ten Luo Zheng, even if they smashed him, they would still be able to kill him …"
"This creation ability is indeed magical. It seems like it can completely duplicate a life?"
Many people didn't care about what it meant for Qingyu to break through the limit …
They only wanted to see the outcome.

Chapter 1358
Luo Zheng didn't stop after killing the vicious beasts one by one.
After severing his seven emotions and six desires, Luo Zheng didn't have any worries or distracting thoughts. He only had eyes for the sword in his hand …
However, Luo Zheng still hadn't completely stepped into the Divine Way!
When Soft Words held the Staff of Life horizontally in front of her, an invisible force spread out from her hand!
At this moment, even though Luo Zheng had broken free from the shackles of fear, he had no choice but to retreat.
He was indeed unafraid of death, but that didn't mean he would throw his life away …
However, Soft Words wasn't in a hurry. She only smiled at Luo Zheng, but her eyes were wandering outside the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
Looking from outside the painting, she was facing the audience outside the painting …
The Staff of Life suddenly stood upright, and Soft Words' voice spread out.
Actually, this scroll unfolded above the countless dream spaces in the universe, and it was equivalent to a special roar. However, her voice could only be transmitted around the dream spaces, and there was a limit to the number of living beings it could cover. However, it could display her image.
"Old fogeys, open your eyes wide and look clearly. Look at the 'Limit of the Heavenly Law' that you've been talking about so enthusiastically. Watch how I break it …"
Soft Words' words were directed at the Heavenly Venerables …
Many Heavenly Venerables in the universe had already guessed Soft Words' identity, and Soft Words seemed to know that she couldn't escape the discerning eyes of those Heavenly Venerables, so she didn't deliberately hide herself.
It was just that these words confused those Heavenly Venerables. The 'old fogeys' she spoke of should be directed at the Heavenly Venerables. What was Soft Words trying to do?
"Limit of the Heavenly Law …"
In Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox revealed a look of surprise.
Yun Luo, who was standing at the side, also asked in surprise, "Is she trying to tell everyone that she can break this limit?"
Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox nodded …
"It's possible, but it's also impossible …" Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox was also a little conflicted.
The Limit of the Heavenly Law was also the greatest limit in the universe.
This was an absolute limit to the power of the many living beings in the universe.
Up until now, only Dao Children could cross this round of the Heavenly Law. Only after the Mahayana Lotus was fully activated could they cross this round and become a True God.
And how rare were Dao Children?
In the past 100 million years, how many living beings had been born in the universe? It was a number that even Heavenly Venerables couldn't count.
So many living beings, but not a single Dao Child had been born …
In the past, the time scale of a Dao Child's birth was measured in hundreds of millions of years, and it was said that a genius would only appear once in a hundred million years.
It was also because of the arrival of this great world that so many geniuses had appeared, but the number of Dao Children still didn't exceed ten …
None of the Heavenly Venerables were Dao Children.
After bearing the Mandate of Heaven, the lotus directly stabilized and couldn't bloom again.
Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox had activated 33 lotus leaves tens of millions of years ago, and even now, it was still 33 …
It was no longer possible for him to cross the Heavenly Law.
Not only him, but all the other Heavenly Venerables had lost this ability.
On the contrary, there was a trace of a possibility for those Realm Lords, but this possibility was also very small.
In fact, there were people who could cross the Heavenly Law as Heavenly Venerables, but there was only one person in the entire universe, and that was Chen Huang's Sword Fighting Heavenly Venerable.
However, the matter of the Sword Fighting Heavenly Venerable becoming a True God was still a secret, and no one knew about it.
And no one knew whether he could break through the limit as a Heavenly Venerable because of the Severing Emotion Divine Dao.
All the Heavenly Venerables in the universe were attracted by Qingyu's words.
This Ying was willing to give up everything to reincarnate. Could it be that she had really discovered something?
Did she really have a way to get rid of the restrictions?
"Ying, no matter what you discovered, let's wait and see …" An old man from the Sky Immortal Clan murmured.
No one was willing to be restrained, but how many people had been able to break free from it since ancient times?
All they saw was Ying tapping the All Lives Staff on the ground …
Swish, swish, swish …
The instant the tip of the staff touched the ground, bits of green appeared on the grayish-white Heaven and Earth chessboard. Soon, the green began to spread, covering the entire chessboard, turning it into a sea of green.
Flowers, grass, and trees grew rapidly, appearing full of vitality.
The green grass grew past Luo Zheng's knees, and a strange look flashed across his wooden face.
Luo Zheng instinctively felt threatened, but he still couldn't understand what Qingyu was trying to do.
"This is much more pleasing to the eye," Qingyu continued. Her words were not only directed at Luo Zheng, but also at the other Heavenly Venerables. "After cultivating the Law of Life to the ninth level, no matter how hard I try, I can't take another step forward …"
The ninth level of the Law of Life only had one profound meaning, and that was reincarnation.
Not only could Qingyu reincarnate herself, but she could also reincarnate into someone else.
However, reincarnation was different from the previous Heavenly Venerables who had the heavenly mandate of resurrection. After reincarnation, all of one's cultivation would be exhausted. Apart from memories, it was equivalent to changing one's shell.
Qingyu was not a Heavenly Venerable, so she could only cultivate the Law of Life to this level.
If she wanted to take another step forward, she had to shoulder the heavenly mandate that was related to the Law of Life!
"I've tried in many directions, but no matter which direction I go, there's always an insurmountable limit. I believe you've encountered it before." Qingyu smiled.
Many Almighties cultivated to this level in order to pursue a higher level of power.
To Heavenly Venerables, wealth, lust, and power were insignificant. They disdained pursuing them …
Although the universe was vast, how big was it to Heavenly Venerables?
Although many mystic realms hid countless secrets, the benefits these secrets brought to Heavenly Venerables were miniscule.
The purpose of their existence was to explore a world that they did not know …
"I know you've all failed," Qingyu continued. "However, I'm about to succeed …"
Qingyu was not stingy with sharing her discoveries.
In this scroll, she was displaying her power to the entire universe!
A green spiral revolved around the Whisper Sword and spread out. Immediately after, a warm breeze swept up, causing the small trees and grass to sway gently …
Qingyu didn't have a strong killing intent in this aura.
What followed was a majestic life force that soared into the sky from Qingyu's body!
Her long, curly hair fluttered in the wind, revealing a pair of beautiful eyebrows.
Her nearly perfect eyes revealed a green glow, as if the God of Life had personally descended in front of Luo Zheng!
Then, Qingyu smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. "Let me borrow you … for a moment!"
After saying that, she pointed at Luo Zheng from afar!
Luo Zheng didn't feel anything strange …
However, as soon as Whisper pointed, a green sphere appeared at the tip of the Staff of All Lives in front of her.
These spheres were only the size of a fist. They looked like ostrich eggs as they rolled down from the top of the All Beings Staff …
These spheres contained the strongest Law of Life in the universe. These were the ninth level of the Law of Life.
"What is Qingyu trying to do?"
"She seems to have used reincarnation on Luo Zheng?"
"The ninth level of the Law of Life. Luo Zheng is the only person in the universe who has cultivated it to that level. However, reincarnation also has a limit. Moreover, shouldn't Luo Zheng's body be used as a medium to reincarnate?"
These Heavenly Venerables hadn't cultivated to this level yet, but they could roughly guess what the ninth level of the Law of Life was like.
In order to reincarnate Luo Zheng, the prerequisite was to kill him first and then bestow him with a new life.
These Heavenly Venerables were also confused by Qingyu's actions.
The first sphere slowly rolled on the ground. Soon, the surface of the sphere started to extend. Then, it started to expand and take shape …
As the green sphere continued to take shape, it gradually grew to the height of a person. Then, it revealed a green spine, contracted lungs, a heart, and finally, muscles, hair, and skin …
A man who looked exactly like Luo Zheng appeared beside Soft Whisper.
This person's appearance, cultivation base, temperament, and ability were practically no different from Luo Zheng!
The only difference between him and Luo Zheng was that he wasn't wearing any clothes …
"Ah, how embarrassing …" Xi Youqin, who was standing on the chess piece, started to feel a little uncomfortable when she saw this scene. She couldn't bear to see her husband standing there naked.
Luo Zheng's eyes also revealed a hint of surprise.
There was another person who looked exactly like him in front of him?
Luo Zheng had encountered this situation in the illusion array before. However, the illusion array was nothing more than an illusory outline. Although this was a dream battlefield, Qingyu had indeed recreated herself!
She was … a creation!

Chapter 1359
The Qing Yu that Luo Zheng was facing was indeed a strong opponent.
Her comprehension of the law was far beyond the existence of the same level …
Although cultivation was Qing Yu's biggest limitation, just the method of "creation" could not be ignored.
Perhaps the strength of Luo Zheng that she replicated had flaws, and could not completely control the things she created, and could only give simple orders.
But this was enough!
Ten replicas of Luo Zheng simultaneously used the Sword of God Yi, which was also a huge challenge for Luo Zheng himself!
"Wu —"
It was accompanied by a sharp buzzing sound.
The ten extremely sharp sword intents turned into a long and narrow sword light in the air, and went straight for Luo Zheng himself …
"The power of their sword … is only 60%!"
In that moment, Luo Zheng had already made a judgment in his heart, but at the same time, he had some doubts.
Whether it was the technique or the comprehension of the Sword of God Yi, those replicas had no difference from him. Why was there such a big gap?
This thought circled around in his mind, but he could not figure it out.
But the golden light that Luo Zheng slashed out had already intertwined with the ten sword lights in an instant!
The Sword of God Yi was 60% of Luo Zheng's. Purely in terms of power, the combination of the ten sword lights was six times that of Luo Zheng's usual Sword of God Yi!
However, Luo Zheng's counterattack was not purely the sword intent of the chaotic aura …
In the past, Luo Zheng did not develop the characteristics of the chaotic aura. He simply used it as vital essence, and the chaotic aura was much more condensed than ordinary vital essence. No matter how he used it, the chaotic aura in his body did not decrease much.
It had to be said that this was a huge waste.
It was because after encountering the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Luo Zheng had a new understanding!
His Guiyuan Yi sword could not be mentioned in the same breath as before.
Perhaps he only had the cultivation of the Divine Ocean Realm …
But the method that he used now was already a method that could only be used by the chaotic treasures in the Realm of the Gods. It was a method that the gods dreamed of!
"Shua …"
The air above the Heaven and Earth Chessboard began to vibrate violently.
That golden glow was like a tide. It looked very beautiful and peaceful.
The ten Yi God's One Sword of the Game God were like sharks swimming against the tide. They wanted to cross this line and kill Luo Zheng!
Such a confrontation was reflected in the eyes of Lie Qianhan and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Each of them was shocked!
Putting aside Luo Zheng's sword, that copy of Luo Zheng's Godly Yi Sword was already so terrifying. Even if they wanted to deal with it, it would be very difficult, let alone ten swords.
However, Luo Zheng's sword had already reached a terrifying level!
"Luo Zheng isn't a Dao Child yet. He hasn't fully stepped into the Divine Dao!" Lie Qianhan's gaze was complicated. When one entered the Divine Path, one would have a strong Dao aura. One could be awe-inspiring without being angry, just like Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who could suppress others with his Dao aura!
"But this method has already surpassed that of a Dao Child, right?" Ji Luoxue's expression was somewhat gloomy. In the past, her impression of Luo Zheng was that he was a guy who only knew how to tell stories. However, now she realized that even if she stepped into the complete Five Elements Divine Dao, she was afraid that she wouldn't be Luo Zheng's opponent.
"This person has mastered the chaos energy …"
"Dugu, if there's a chance, can you personally pay him a visit?"
"I'm willing to exchange the biggest secret with him …"
"At all costs!"
That broken sword was still confused about the fact that Luo Zheng could use the chaos energy.
Coming from the God Realm, it was very clear about the terror of the chaos energy …
Chaos Treasures had only been developed for a few years, but now they were on par with Primordial Treasures. They even had the faint intention of surpassing Primordial Treasures!
If it could borrow Luo Zheng's chaos energy to repair itself, its goal could be advanced by countless years!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao nodded silently.
Dugu used to think that she was the luckiest person …
At one time, she didn't even put the Dao Disciples of the four great clans in her eyes.
Now it seemed that the competition in the universe was really too fierce. Now, every opponent she encountered had opportunities no less than her own!
"I … still need to work hard!"
Under this shock, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also understood that she should guard against arrogance and rashness.
In the end, she stood in the top ten. There were still many opportunities in the future.
Those shark-like swords of the God of War continued to roll around in the spreading golden light. Break out of the encirclement …
Occasionally, they would break through a gap, but that gap would be instantly filled by the surrounding golden light. These ten 'sharks' were unable to break through this line of water!
After a few breaths of time, these ten swords were finally annihilated by Luo Zheng's sword!
However, the power of Luo Zheng's Origin Returning Sword was also reduced by ninety percent. Only a tenth of its power was left, but it didn't cause much damage to Qingyu and the ten clones around her.
However, Luo Zheng smiled slightly and once again held the Lightning Wind Ghost Sword horizontally in front of his chest.
The second sword was already in the midst of accumulating power!
Because the Origin Returning Sword had fused with the original power of the chaotic aura, it consumed a lot of chaotic aura. However, it only consumed ten percent of it.
Luo Zheng raised the sword. Light poured out, as if a new god was born …
With a thought from Qingyu, those 'Luo Zheng' raised their swords at the same time. At this moment, she could only use the God Yi Sword to fight against Luo Zheng.
However, those ten clones didn't condense any sword intent …
"This …" Qingyu frowned slightly.
The scene in front of him solved the confusion in Luo Zheng's heart in an instant.
Qingyu could duplicate Luo Zheng's body. Under the power of creation, her life law had lost its shackles. This method was indeed amazing, but she was ultimately not a creator!
She could create a Luo Zheng, but it wasn't a mirror image of Luo Zheng. Instead, it was a reconstructed life form. She couldn't obtain the power of the dragon scale, nor could she obtain the chaotic aura …
These 'Luo Zheng' used vital essence.
The God Yi Sword consumed a terrifying amount of vital essence.
Usually, Luo Zheng used the chaotic aura to drive the God Yi Sword. Each sword could reach one hundred percent of its power!
However, just releasing vital essence was far from enough. Therefore, the God Yi Sword that Luo Zheng used was only about sixty percent of its power.
However, this God Yi Sword with sixty percent of its power had already consumed all the vital essence of these 'Luo Zheng'.
How could he release the God Yi Sword when his vital essence was completely exhausted?
"It's over …"
Luo Zheng released this sword once again.
The tide-like golden sword intent flowed along the chessboard of heaven and earth, directly surging towards Qingyu and her clones. Then, it drowned them and tore them apart …
At this moment, Qingyu also gave up resisting.
With her comprehension of the life law, she could still deal with this sword even if she couldn't resist it. However, it had already lost its meaning.
Moreover, she had already achieved her goal …
She believed that those old fellows had already made a decision in their hearts.
The golden afterglow of the Thundergale Ghost Sword dissipated, returning to its original blue body. Luo Zheng once again stuffed it into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng had won this battle!
"Haha, this old man's sword can be used by this kid. It can be considered an honor." In the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, Xiao Daolai's face revealed a trace of satisfaction.
The gap between Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng was still too great. Even after six years of nurturing by Xiao Daolai, the gap between her and Luo Zheng had only grown larger and larger. After being eliminated early on, Xiao Daolai still felt a trace of unwillingness in his heart.
However, seeing the Thundergale Ghost Sword display such power in Luo Zheng's hands, he could only console himself a little.
Before this, Qingyu was almost considered an undefeatable existence …
After Luo Zheng defeated Qingyu, many cultivators began their own analysis.
"In the end, Qingyu cultivates the life law. This law itself isn't really that powerful …"
"Nonsense, if she isn't powerful, how could she defeat those heaven's prides and Dao Children?"
"I'm saying she isn't powerful enough …"
Theoretically speaking, the life law didn't have an advantage in a battle between cultivators.
However, Qingyu's ability to create also couldn't be ignored.
If Luo Zheng hadn't comprehended the Origin Returning Divine Sword, perhaps he would have fallen under the joint attack of ten Luo Zheng …
After defeating Qingyu, according to the rules of the round-robin battle, Luo Zheng only had two opponents left.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Hua Tianming, and Ku Deng.
These three people had hidden their strength very deeply. Two of them should fight first, and the winner would challenge Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know who he was about to face.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1360
The battle between Luo Zheng and Qing Yu had completely stimulated Luo Zheng's real strength.
For a time, people began to have different guesses about who would be the first …
In the beginning, everyone was inclined to Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
He was the number one Dao Child that everyone had high hopes for. He was an all-rounder who excelled in everything. His only problem was probably Qing Yu.
But now that Luo Zheng had defeated Qing Yu and showed his great strength, people were shocked to realize that the ascender who had been buzzing in their ears with the roaring token was now qualified to compete for the first place in the universe!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was waiting.
Hua Tianming was also waiting.
Only Ku Deng put his palms together, and his face was calm …
"Gods Without Thought, Hua Tianming versus Ku Deng of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region …"
When that cold voice arose, Ku Deng suddenly opened his eyes, which sparkled with a sharp light. His aura changed dramatically.
A moment ago, he was still like a stone, and the next moment, he released the aura of a dragon and tiger!
The aura released from his body was solemn, brave, and even fierce!
"Whoosh!"
Ku Deng jumped heavily, and like a sinking iron ball, he smashed into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard! Then, his chess piece was placed on the chessboard with a loud bang.
Ku Deng was not famous among the Dao Disciples, and he had always been a quiet figure.
At first, many powerful figures predicted that at least three of the four people from Gods Without Thought would be in the top five. If such a situation occurred, then the entire human race from Gods Without Thought would become the dominant force in this great world.
However, the final result was completely out of his expectations.
Gods Without Thought only occupied one of the top five positions, and the other three were eliminated to the bottom five.
Ku Deng of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, on the other hand, performed very stably and reached this point.
As for Hua Tianming, people were even more speechless.
He was indeed from Gods Without Thought, but he said that he came from an unknown Cloud Hall.
And the strength that he had shown before was also shocking.
He directly eliminated Luo Xi Xuan, a Dao Disciple from the Demi-Immortal Clan …
Because of the premature elimination of Luo Xi Xuan, Luo Xi Xuan was not even able to enter the top ten, a great dark horse!
However, he did not know if Hua Tianming would continue to be matched up against Bitter Lamp.
After Ku Deng entered the arena, Hua Tianming also took a step forward and landed lightly on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
His face, which was full of heroic spirit, was already faintly brewing with fighting spirit.
After stepping over this person, he would have to face Luo Zheng directly!
"Benefactor, you are eager to win," Bitter Lamp said to Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming smiled faintly. "If you don't want to win, why don't you just admit defeat?"
Ku Deng slightly nodded. "You are right. I also have the desire to win. But my heart is different from yours..."
Hua Tianming said indifferently, "Can you differentiate between high and low?"
"I don't think so …"
Speaking of this, Hua Tianming held the sword hilt on his back and raised it.
The sword hilt turned into shadows in the air, and then the long sword hilt was embedded in the arena, two inches deep.
If he lifted the sword hilt, the sword would definitely be pulled out of the scabbard.
Facing this battle, Hua Tianming had to go all out!
Ku Deng's expression was calm, but there was caution in his eyes. He took out a Buddhist staff from his kasaya.
The Buddhist staff was pure gold, emitting a beautiful light. There were nine rings connected at the top, and when they collided with each other, they emitted a clear and melodious sound, unceasing.
Nine Rings Buddhist Staff!
The supreme treasure of the Hidden Spirit Temple...
The supreme artifact ranked seventh on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele!
This supreme artifact had not appeared in the world for many years. As the first person in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Area, it was normal for Ku Deng to give this supreme treasure to him.
"Amitabha. Benefactor, you can make the first move," Ku Deng said to Hua Tianming, standing with the staff in his hand.
His words were almost the same as when he was fighting Lie Qianhan...
Ku Deng had never made the first move.
Every time Lie Qianhan made a move, Ku Deng would use a more powerful method to resolve it...
Normally, when warriors fought, they would make the first move to gain the upper hand.
However, Ku Deng's unique skill was to make the first move after making the first move.
Hearing Ku Deng's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of surprise.
In the battle with Luo Xi Xuan, Hua Tianming had shown the Blink Speed, which was extremely fast.
Making the first move after making the first move was very useful in many cases. When the opponent made the first move, he could use a big move to resolve it, and counterattack in the process.
However, Hua Tianming won with speed. Could Ku Deng deal with it?
Hua Tianming did not decline modestly. Swordsmen were righteous, but swordsmanship was also about fighting!
He held the sword hilt and took a step forward, but the scabbard was still embedded in it...
He took another step and pulled out the sword.
When he took this step, the sword was pulled out two feet. Most of it was still in the scabbard. However, the two-foot sword was emitting a dazzling light, which made people unable to see it clearly!
Countless pairs of eyes in the universe were staring at the sword. They wanted to see what kind of power this sword could release...
Ku Deng looked calm, gazing at Hua Tianming indifferently. The Nine Rings Buddhist Staff in his hand was slightly tilted.
He knew that Hua Tianming's speed was extremely terrifying...
However, with speed alone, he could not be his opponent.
The moment Hua Tianming's foot landed on the ground ….
"Clang!"
The sound of the sword being unsheathed was heard!
Hua Tianming's hand had a beam of light...
That speed was too fast!
People couldn't see what Hua Tianming's sword was. They only thought that he was holding a dazzling light!
Stepping on the light, slashing with the light!
In a flash, Hua Tianming had rushed to Ku Deng.
"Ding ding ding ding ding..."
Hua Tianming's shadow was drifting around Ku Deng.
Then he would appear in front of Ku Deng. However, before he could slash, his figure would suddenly disappear. That sword would slash out from behind Ku Deng!
Slash, chop, stab, point...
Every beam of sword light was so deadly.
Every step he took was closely linked to each other …
In comparison, Ku Deng's speed was much slower.
Compared to Hua Tianming's speed, Ku Deng's speed could be described as a snail.
However, although Ku Deng's speed was slow, his accuracy was terrifying!
Every time he swung his staff, he could block Hua Tianming's sword. From beginning to end, it was just right.
If people didn't know, they would think that the two had rehearsed in advance. The time, speed, and strength were all perfectly grasped...
"That is the power of the 《Calamity of the Future Constellations》..."
"Hehe, the little monk can control the law of time to this extent. It's amazing!"
"This Ku Deng also has the ability to compete for first place!"
With Ku Deng's speed, when he swung his staff, Hua Tianming could slash out hundreds of times.
However, by relying on the 《Calamity of the Future Constellations》, he could judge Hua Tianming's sword moves and attacks to a certain extent, so he could defeat the slow with speed!
Therefore, Hua Tianming not only didn't hit any vital parts, but was also captured by Ku Deng's staff in advance...
Ku Deng only needed to place his staff somewhere to force Hua Tianming to change his body movements, which made Hua Tianming very uncomfortable!
The first round of fighting lasted for a few breaths, and then Hua Tianming turned into a beam of light and retreated rapidly!
"Clang!"
The long sword returned to the scabbard!
Hua Tianming took a deep breath.
In these few breaths, the two had actually exchanged thousands of moves...
Although they didn't have much power, there was no lack of danger.
"Donor's speed is useless to me. You can make other plans," Ku Deng said indifferently, standing in the same place. He still didn't intend to chase after Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming nodded, but smiled, "You can't say that it's useless, right?"
Ku Deng's eyes narrowed, and at the same time, there was a cracking sound from his nine-ringed staff...
Out of the nine connected rings, one of them was broken!
"Donor's weapon is so sharp. It should be better than the sword on the Myriad Spirit Tablet." Ku Deng's face showed a touch of surprise.
How could the seventh-ranked Supreme Artifact be broken so easily?
But in the fight just now, one ring of the nine-ringed staff had been broken!
Even the Holy Spear of Slaughter couldn't do that...
"Better than the sword on the Myriad Spirit Tablet! Isn't it better than the Supreme Artifact? "
"Then what's the grade of Hua Tianming's sword?"
"What? There are weapons not recorded on the Myriad Spirit Tablet? "

Chapter 1361
This kind of discussion was very heated, but most people only saw a bright silver light in Hua Tianming's hand.
That light was sometimes elongated, sometimes sharp, sometimes turned into a fan, sometimes surging like waves.
In fact, there were not many people who saw Hua Tianming's sword clearly!
In fact, there were many powerful magic weapons in the universe that had not left their names on the Myriad Spirit Stele.
For example, the Heaven and Earth Mirror of the Demi-Immortal Clan, and the Door of Sin of the Original Sin Heavenly Lord.
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed. His attack just now was like a storm, but even with such speed, he did not hurt Ku Deng!
Ku Deng's method was too strange, which gave Hua Tianming a bad feeling.
This was an opponent who could see the future!
Therefore, although Hua Tianming's speed was very fast, Ku Deng could slowly wave the nine-ringed Buddhist staff to block his attack.
Because Ku Deng knew when he was going to launch a fatal strike to him.
Even his "occasional" counterattack could be a great threat to Hua Tianming …
"You seem to be able to see the future," Hua Tianming said lightly.
Ku Deng put his palms together, and the nine-ringed Buddhist staff shook slightly, "It is not me who can see the future, it is Maitreya."
Maitreya was called the Future Buddha.
Hua Tianming was not interested in the Buddhist's words, and his hand held the sword hilt again, "Even so, I will break your staff, how can you block my sword!"
After saying that, he pulled out the long sword from the scabbard again, and rushed out like a stream of light!
Luo Zheng nodded slightly on the chess piece, Hua Tianming's analysis was not unreasonable.
In the first round of fierce attacks, he may not have hurt Ku Deng, but one of Ku Deng's nine-ringed Buddhist staff was broken!
The nine rings of the nine-ringed Buddhist staff were connected, and the nine worlds in Buddhism …
Powerful people could open nine overlapping worlds in an instant, and under the interlocking, they could make people lost and unable to escape.
Therefore, Hua Tianming, who had broken one ring, actually had the advantage!
When Hua Tianming stepped on the light, Ku Deng's face was still calm, but he still used the nine-ringed staff to block Hua Tianming's sword.
In the blink of an eye, Hua Tianming slashed out countless times with his sword. The speed of his sword was suffocating.
"Ding ding ding ding …"
"Clang!"
Following a series of crisp sounds, another golden ring shattered.
Hua Tianming didn't hesitate either. He continued to circle around Bitter Lamp and attacked with extreme speed …
Not long after, the third golden ring shattered …
The fourth one …
The fifth one …
When the last golden ring shattered, the originally dignified nine-ringed staff suddenly dimmed.
The reason why this Nine Rings Buddhist Staff could be called a supreme divine artifact was because of the nine golden rings that were inlaid on top of it. After all of the golden rings were shattered, this Buddhist Staff instantly dropped a grade.
Right now, this Buddhist staff could only be considered a first-grade divine artifact.
Within the Hidden Spirit Temple …
Countless monks sat cross-legged on the ground, chanting in a low voice.
Only the Young Master and a few senior monks were looking at the scroll …
"The Nine Rings Buddhist Staff has shattered …"
"This boy's sword is so fast and sharp that it can't be broken. It's normal."
"However, people all know that the Nine Rings Buddhist Staff is famous for its nine rings to suppress the world. They don't know that in the Asura Way, the nine rings are just restraints."
"Ku Deng has borrowed this boy's power."
"Clang!"
Hua Tianming put his long sword back into its sheath. He stood by his sword and asked faintly, "Now, how will you block my sword?"
Ku Deng looked at the staff in his hand. He didn't show any anxiety on his face. "My Dao is great and free, but I need to create nine layers of worlds to bind it. This world can be a dream, a bubble, or a shadow, but it can also contain the Asura Way …"
While he was talking, the top of the staff began to emit a bloody aura. From the top of the staff, scarlet blood flowed out.
At the same time, Ku Deng's temperament changed drastically. Before, he looked like a nice little monk, but now, his face had turned ferocious. His calm eyes were filled with a violent power!
Asura!
As the holy object of the Hidden Spirit Temple, the Nine Rings Buddhist Staff rarely appeared in the world. Even if it did, the first form of the Nine Rings Buddhist Staff was enough to deal with it.
However, there was a secret hidden in it.
There was an evil god sealed in it, which was the Asura …
When the Nine Rings were broken, the Asura would possess the body!
Soon, Ku Deng's ears became extremely sharp. He didn't look like a human anymore, but a monster.
Only his voice was still calm.
"Turning into the Asura is a big Buddhist precept. However, I cultivate the Buddhist Way, and I seek freedom between good and evil. I'm free in the Buddhist Way, so this precept is not forbidden!"
After saying that, Ku Deng grabbed the Buddhist staff and pushed it down with all his might.
"Pop …"
Countless cracks began to spread out from the bottom of the Buddhist staff.
The Heaven and Earth Chessboard, which was one hundred thousand feet long, wasn't big for warriors. With a gentle touch, the surging power spread out, and the whole chessboard turned into a pile of rubble, then collapsed …
Hua Tianming grabbed his sword, floating in front of Ku Deng.
"Benefactor, be careful!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After Ku Deng turned into the Asura, his speed was extremely strange.
He circled in the air, and the staff shadows covered the sky and covered the earth, heading toward Hua Tianming …
"Great Manjushri Staff Technique!"
After Ku Deng flashed, Hua Tianming stepped on the light again.
The Great Manjushri Staff Technique was extremely fierce. Combined with Ku Deng's Asura form, the sharpness was almost unstoppable!
Hua Tianming had to retreat for the time being!
However, Ku Deng didn't want to give Hua Tianming any chance. The Great Manjushri Staff Technique struck out, and the staff shadows covered the sky, heading toward Hua Tianming!
"Hmph!"
Light flashed under Hua Tianming's feet. His whole body was like a shooting star, shuttling through the overlapping staff shadows. Although the staff shadows were dense, they didn't even touch Hua Tianming's sleeves.
Although Ku Deng waved thousands of staff shadows, at this moment, in one of his eyes, there was another scene.
Although the scene was extremely hazy, every scene was extremely precious to him!
That was the scene after three breaths …
After three breaths, Hua Tianming would suddenly come to his back!
One, two, three …
After three breaths, Ku Deng was one step ahead, and hit his back with his staff.
"Ding!"
The staff accurately blocked Hua Tianming's sword.
Hua Tianming's sword didn't succeed, so he immediately moved away, frowning slightly.
This person could see the future, and he could foresee any move one step ahead, which was really troublesome.
This battle was more difficult than Hua Tianming had imagined. Those who could enter the top five were indeed not weak. Not only were they almost perfect in all aspects, but they also had some extremely powerful magical skills!
Looking at the staff shadows that covered the sky, continuing to cover him, Hua Tianming's eyes showed a touch of coldness.
He needed to change his method …

Chapter 1362
Before this, Ku Deng was calm and unhurried, just like drinking warm water.
When faced with a weaker opponent, his methods could not be said to be incisive.
But soon, he found that this guy became stronger when facing a strong opponent. Even against an opponent like Lie Qianhan, he still acted after making a plan …
But overall, his performance was still too calm.
At this moment, a picture flashed in Ku Deng's eyes, and he took the initiative to attack.
He cultivated the Future Constellation Calamity, which could break the fence of time and see the future. This was the Eyes of Constellation unique to the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
After pouring True Essence into the eyes, the pupils would reflect a certain time in the future.
Even in the Hidden Spirit Temple, only two martial artists had mastered this magical power. One was Ku Deng, and the other was the abbot of the Hidden Spirit Temple.
With Ku Deng's ability, the picture after three breaths was clearer …
After ten breaths, the picture gradually blurred …
After twenty breaths, the picture was indistinguishable.
When Ku Deng used the Eyes of Constellation to check the picture after ten breaths, he saw a very horrible scene!
Hua Tianming had used some kind of extremely fierce magical power to kill him!
The picture was very blurry, and Ku Deng could not see Hua Tianming's means clearly, so he could not resist.
In this case, Ku Deng could only take the initiative!
"Ten Thousand Scorching Sun Magical Power!"
Ku Deng clapped his hands abruptly, and a huge Buddha wheel spun out of his hands!
Under the endless Buddha light, it was like a sun had appeared, and even Ku Deng's Asura face was full of light!
In fact, there was no such thing as a Daoist in Buddhism cultivation.
But Buddhism cultivation paid attention to the First Zen, Second Zen, Third Zen, and Fourth Zen!
After breaking the Fourth Zen, it was magical power!
And magical power meant that one had truly stepped into Buddhism, and was considered a Daoist of the Divine Dao.
Ku Deng had already cultivated magical power, so the outside world regarded him as a Daoist of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
This magical power covered the sky and covered the earth, and Hua Tianming was shrouded in it. In the scorching sun, there were tens of thousands of golden palm prints!
Buddhism was magnificent!
It had the momentum of destroying the world!
It made the hearts of Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and other Daoists palpitate …
"This little monk … is so strong?"
"Ten Thousand Scorching Suns! Haha, the supreme divine ability of the Hidden Spirit Temple was actually mastered by this Bitter Lamp! "
"The Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region has never liked to compete with others, but the heritage of their Buddhist sect cannot be underestimated!"
"That Hua Tianming was defeated by his foundation!"
This scene was indeed an eye-opener for many martial artists in the universe.
It was a fight between warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm, but the momentum that burst out could destroy the world.
It wasn't just some Divine Extreme Realm martial artists. Even Divine Transformation Realm martial artists might be able to resist it if they thought about it!
The speed of the golden palm prints was not fast, but they were very dense. It was as if a layer of the sky was collapsing, and it was about to cover Hua Tianming!
"It is indeed very strong." Hua Tianming looked up at the golden sky and raised the longsword in his hands above his head...
The bright silver light on the long sword gradually dimmed … ….
This was also the first time others had seen the appearance of the sword.
It was three feet and three inches long, a very standard sword …
Wooden hilt, two fingers wide, with a sharp edge in the middle …
From the outside, this sword was extremely ordinary.
However, there were two words engraved on the sword, and these two words were "Tengshe."
Tengshe Sword!
The sword of the master of all weapons …
The sword of Chiyou!
Sabers, spears, swords, halberds, armor, crossbows, and axes were all created by Weapon Grandmasters.
The saber was Tiger Soul.
The sword was Tengshe.
The spear was Absolute Killing.
The halberd was Demon Breaking.
The armor was Bright Light.
The crossbow was Sky Piercing.
The axe was Sky Halberd.
And this Tengshe was the ultimate grandmist treasure, the lost inheritance of Chiyou!
"Tengshe becomes a dragon, the stars of the North Star move, a gentleman like a dragon, the path of the Great Dao!"
The Heavenly Sword that Hua Tianming comprehended back then was the Divine Dao of Justice!
The Heavenly Sword Diagram was the only way to open Chiyou's treasure.
After countless years, Hua Tianming was the only one who had cultivated the Heavenly Sword Diagram.
Then, he was summoned by the treasure and went to that wild continent to obtain it alone …
At that time, Hua Tianming's Lotus Flower was the same as Luo Zheng's. It bloomed continuously until the last petal!
At that time, Hua Tianming already knew his mission!
To him, the universe was just a formality!
The Illusory Battlefield was a step for him!
"Buzz …"
A ray of light appeared under Hua Tianming's feet, and the light screen formed a Great Dao that hung all the way to the depths of the sky!
It pierced through the clouds, through the Star Field, even through the Illusory Battlefield, and through the Heavenly Dao!
In the eyes of everyone in the universe, a pillar of light suddenly appeared in the universe and shot straight up, the distance was immeasurable!
"Ah … how annoying." The mysterious girl stared at the pillar of light that suddenly appeared beside her and frowned slightly. "I actually found Chiyou's sword. What kind of unforeseen event is going to happen in this cycle of evolution! It's really difficult to calculate … "
She looked resentful and found that it was very difficult for her to do this job …
"What kind of phenomenon is this?!"
"I've seen the 33 Catastrophes, the Great Calamity Celestial Phenomenon, and I've also seen thousands of auspicious clouds. I can't see through this pillar of light!" A Heavenly Venerable shook his head.
"What did that brat do!"
"This pillar of light is so beautiful!"
Jiang Zhengyi, who was on the chess piece, looked at Hua Tianming under the golden light and was greatly shocked!
"A gentleman is like a dragon … A gentleman is like a dragon!"
Jiang Zhengyi cultivated the Divine Dao of Justice!
His Lotus Flower was already fully opened, and he was a Daoist. However, his understanding of the word 'justice' was becoming more and more extreme, and he even showed signs of losing himself!
When he saw the Divine Dao of Justice displayed by Hua Tianming, it was like a lamp that suddenly lit up in the darkness. When that lamp lit up, he realized that he had already walked far away …
"Whoosh!"
Hua Tianming stepped on the light again and went against the light!
Tengshe's sword was placed in front of his chest. Facing the golden palm prints, the longsword in his hand transformed into a dazzling sword light!
The ultimate justice of the Sword Dao!
"Huala …"
The sword light spread out like water ripples.
And the surface of all the golden palm prints also transformed into ripples like water ripples.
In an instant, all the water ripples cracked …
The palm prints also cracked!
Those water ripples were created by Hua Tianming's extremely fast sword light!
Others didn't see his sword move …
But this Tengshe was everywhere!
At this moment, Bitter Lamp's face revealed a touch of loneliness …
He chose not to resist anymore.
Because he had already seen the scene after three breaths.
The scene after ten breaths was blurry because of the uncertainty of the future. Therefore, Bitter Lamp would fight hard to change the future.
But the scene after three breaths was too clear, and that was the future that had already been determined …
At this moment, the scene that flashed through his eyes for three breaths was a layer of ripples covering his body.
He knew that the moment the ripples appeared, he had already been slashed countless times by Hua Tianming's sword …
He was powerless to resist.
One breath …
Two breaths …
Three breaths …
Just like what Bitter Lamp Constellation saw.
The invisible sword intent had already passed through his body.
In the end, Hua Tianming was one step ahead and broke his Ten Directions Ten Thousand Laws Scorching Sun.
When the ripples cracked, Bitter Lamp's body disappeared in front of everyone's eyes …
This battle, Hua Tianming won!
The Heaven and Earth Chessboard began to quietly recover, and all the lines and points corresponded to the black and white chess pieces.
Floating above the chessboard, Hua Tianming had already put the Sword Tengshe back into its scabbard …
This scene made the entire universe fall into a state of silence.
The performance of many Daoists before could be described as monstrous.
Every one of these ten people, if placed before the Battle of the Great Era, would definitely be the number one existence in the universe.
For example, Bitter Lamp, Lie Qianhan, Jiang Zhengyi …
But this was an era of monstrous geniuses!
This Hua Tianming's monstrous talent had completely exceeded everyone's imagination!
"Great era! This is the real great era, this is right! Haha! "Someone laughed exaggeratedly.
This absolute shock lasted for a long time before the expressions of the martial artists watching the picture gradually returned to normal.
"This … he really came from your … Cloud Hall?" Ninth Palace Master saw this scene and found it hard to accept.
As a Divine Transformation powerhouse, he was two whole levels higher than Hua Tianming. Just now, he thought that if he fought against Hua Tianming, he would probably die under this person's sword …
But this guy was only at the Divine Sea Realm!
There was a gap of two whole realms between them!
"Mm!"
Ning Yudie just smiled faintly and nodded slightly, her face filled with pride.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1363
Previously, Hua Tianming's strength had already caught the attention of many Celestial Masters in the universe.
But after all, he was still in Gods No Thoughts, so he was only overjoyed by the four families.
Hua Tianming had appeared out of nowhere and entered the top five for no reason. This was something that the four families had never expected.
But now that Tengshe's sword had appeared, all the Celestial Masters were thinking about it.
Another sword that transcended the universe had appeared …
This little guy was very likely to change the structure of the entire universe in the future.
On the chess piece, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes were full of fear.
This was the first time he showed such an expression since the Illusory Battlefield opened.
"This swordsman … is indeed powerful." Lie Qianhan sneered. "Chenfeng, go and teach him a lesson!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't express his opinion. He replied indifferently, "If he wants to fight with me, he has to defeat Luo Zheng first."
"Hmph, Luo Zheng may not be able to defeat Hua Tianming." When mentioning Luo Zheng, Lie Qianhan was unhappy.
After seeing Luo Zheng's strength against Qingyu, Lie Qianhan's understanding of Luo Zheng's strength had reached a new height.
Of course, it wasn't just Lie Qianhan, but also the thousands of warriors in front of the picture scroll.
But Lie Qianhan was defeated by Luo Zheng with one punch, so he was naturally unhappy. He wasn't that weak …
After this battle, Ku Deng's figure appeared on the chess piece again. He sat cross-legged, his eyes calm.
The terrifying strength that Hua Tianming had shown had indeed caused his state of mind to fluctuate …
At this moment, he was silently reciting Buddhist scriptures to suppress his inner demons. He would face the next opponent. Only by maintaining a calm mind could he go further.
Not long after, the mysterious girl's voice sounded again.
According to the rules of the round-robin battle set by this girl, there should be three battles left for the top battle.
It was Luo Zheng against Hua Tianming, then Xuanyuan Chenfeng against Ku Deng. In the end, the winner of these two battles would fight for first place!
"Luo Zheng! Against Hua Tianming! "
When the cold voice sounded, Hua Tianming's face revealed a warm smile.
He knew his mission …
The arrowhead of his destiny pierced through the universe and headed straight for the Divine Realm.
In this round of the Domain of the Gods, he only had one expectation, and that was to face Luo Zheng …
"Sou!"
With a flash of light on the chess piece, Hua Tianming's figure disappeared and appeared on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth in an instant.
Then Luo Zheng also stepped onto the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth.
Looking at Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming sighed with emotion.
In the past, Luo Zheng had left everyone in the dust. His growth was so fast that Hua Tianming could only look up to him!
Now he was finally standing in front of Luo Zheng!
He had a 70% chance of winning this battle …
A seventy percent chance of success was already very high.
However, Hua Tianming didn't dare to be careless. Luo Zheng's potential was too terrifying. He knew that as long as he gave his opponent the slightest chance, this guy would very likely turn the tables.
The two of them were silent for a while, then Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Draw your sword …"
Hua Tianming nodded silently. Tengshe slowly pulled out the sword from its scabbard. Then, a bright silver light spread out, and a silver moon seemed to appear in his hand.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also pulled out the Thundergale Ghost God Sword.
The weapons between the two were not equal.
The Thundergale Ghost God Sword was a mere grade one divine artifact. Although it was an outstanding grade one divine artifact and could be listed on the Myriad Spirit Stele, Hua Tianming's sword was a treasure that transcended the Myriad Spirit Stele!
The difference between the two was huge.
Swordsmen existed in their hearts.
Luo Zheng automatically ignored the difference in weapons …
The two swordsmen had already pulled out their longswords.
Countless martial artists in the universe were already holding their breaths.
The most intense battle was about to begin, but they were afraid of missing out on a single scene!
"Hua Tianming should be able to win."
"Luo Zheng's sword that cut down Qing Yu was indeed powerful, but Hua Tianming was able to dodge it. His speed is too fast …"
"Yes, I think so too!"
Hua Tianming judged that he had a sixty percent chance of winning against Luo Zheng.
Almost ninety-nine percent of the martial artists in the universe thought that Hua Tianming would win.
The strength displayed by Ku Deng was really too shocking.
At this moment, many people had already forgotten about the number one Dao Child, Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Most people had already silently given the title of number one Dao Child to Hua Tianming.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had the Xuanyuan family's foundation. It was the strongest foundation in the universe, even stronger than the Hidden Spirit Temple.
However, a family's foundation wasn't omnipotent. The early Xuanyuan Chenfeng probably wouldn't be able to fight against Hua Tianming …
Hua Tianming slightly swung Tengshe, and a wave of light appeared under his feet. This wave of light circled around him for a moment, then spread along the chessboard towards Luo Zheng!
The instant it spread, Hua Tianming took a step forward!
Stepping on the light!
Instant speed!
In the blink of an eye, Hua Tianming had already charged towards Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng didn't choose to retreat …
With a gentle shake of the Lightning-Wind Dark Godly Sword, streaks of Dark Godly Shadows split from the sword and formed a human wall that surged toward Hua Tianming!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
These Ghost Shadows could be considered Luo Zheng's doppelgangers, and they used all sorts of different fist techniques to attack Hua Tianming.
"Break."
In the past, these Ghost Shadows could more or less cause some trouble for the opponent.
However, at this moment, Hua Tianming only raised his hand, and a faint ripple appeared in the air in front of him!
The Ghost Shadows that advanced wave after wave instantly shattered, dissipating in front of Hua Tianming, and didn't cause any trouble for Hua Tianming.
"Pa pa pa …"
Following behind the Ghost Shadows, countless lightning bolts appeared, and they were like wild dragons that rushed towards Hua Tianming to devour him!
Facing these lightning bolts, Hua Tianming didn't even try to dodge. Instead, with the momentum of a soaring dragon, he charged straight in!
Tengshe's sword was already stabbing towards Luo Zheng!
"Ding!"
The two swords intersected.
"You should use even more strength," Hua Tianming said indifferently.
With this sword, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Sword already had a hole in it …
A grand grade one divine weapon was like clay in front of Tengshe's sword.
"It's coming!"
Luo Zheng's gaze suddenly became incomparably sharp!
That extremely sharp sword intent instantly shot out!
"Yi Shen's Sword!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate to send out this sword!
The Thunder Wind Ghost Sword wrapped in sword intent finally had the strength to fight head on with Tengshe's sword!
However, Hua Tianming only suddenly held Tengshe's sword horizontally, and immediately blocked Luo Zheng's sword!
Ever since Luo Zheng comprehended this Yi Shen's Sword, no one had ever been able to block his sword …
This sword was too sharp, too cold-blooded!
However, Hua Tianming did it …
"Clang!"
Following a crisp sound, Hua Tianming only took three steps back, and a faint smile hung on his face.
"The Emotion Severing Divine Dao is very powerful, but this sword," he shook his head, "is far from enough …"
Purely relying on the Yi Shen's Sword, not to mention dealing with Hua Tianming, he probably wouldn't even be able to defeat Bitter Lamp.
"Then let's go again!"
The Thunder Wind Ghost Sword slightly tilted, and once again slashed out.
Hua Tianming raised his hand slightly, but easily broke this sword …
The two swords faced off.
Hua Tianming only defended and didn't attack, using speed to fight slow.
No matter how exquisite Luo Zheng's sword technique was, how simple it was.
Hua Tianming's fast sword sealed it at an extremely fast speed.
"Clang clang clang clang …"
Both of their feet were firmly nailed to the chessboard.
The two long swords constantly crisscrossed, emitting waves of crisp and pleasant sounds.
At this moment, neither of them used too much power …
That was purely a game of skill!
However, it had always been Luo Zheng who delivered the moves, and Hua Tianming who countered.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng's sword technique was completely countered by Hua Tianming's extremely fast sword technique. After so many sword strikes, there was no threat at all.
This scene seemed to be within the expectations of countless martial artists.
Although the Yi Shen's Sword Technique was powerful, in the end, there was a limit. No matter how exquisite the moves were, they couldn't match the extreme speed!
However, after Luo Zheng's sword strike exceeded a hundred moves, the situation reversed.
Luo Zheng's long sword suddenly trembled, and then became erratic.
He knew that he was doomed to be unable to escape from Hua Tianming's sword.
Just like two people playing chess, he placed a chess piece, and Hua Tianming had already placed a chess piece. How could he win?

Chapter 1364
Luo Zheng's drifting "formless" move was like a small coiling snake.
After avoiding Hua Tianming's Tengshe, it went straight for his opponent's face!
Facing this attack, Hua Tianming was still calm. He swung the Soaring Serpent Sword in his hand, and three streaks of silver sword light shot back at him like a torrent of mercury.
"Ding ding ding!"
With three crisp sounds, these three swords tapped on the Thundergale Ghost Sword's body!
It was like knocking on a snake's weak spot.
With each tap, the sword intent on the surface of the Thundergale Ghost Sword weakened by a bit!
After three swords, the sword intent that was originally condensed on the surface was forcibly scattered by Hua Tianming.
"Your sword technique doesn't have the advantage," Hua Tianming said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's Yi God Sword was indeed powerful, but Hua Tianming's sword technique was even better!
What he practiced was the 《Sword Art of Beginning》 created by the Weapon Grandmaster …
All the sword techniques in the world were either unconventional, sharp, or used the Dao of Slaughter as a sacrifice to the sword.
But in the end, they couldn't escape from the 《Sword Art of Beginning》!
Whether it was speed or sword techniques, they were all restrained. In the initial confrontation between the two, Luo Zheng could be said to be completely suppressed!
Even under such circumstances, Hua Tianming still didn't relax.
The Luo Zheng he was facing couldn't be so weak!
However, after suppressing Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming gradually let go of his hands and feet and strengthened his offense!
"Whoosh …"
Along with the surging of the bright silver light!
Tengshe blossomed once again. The mercury-like sword light flashed again as Hua Tianming stepped on the light!
"Clang!"
As the long swords intersected, the sound of the sword resonated for a long time!
Chop, hang, tap, stab …
The sword techniques of the 《Sword Art of Beginning》 were very similar to the basic sword technique that Luo Zheng had comprehended.
It could also be said to be the complete version of the basic sword technique!
Coupled with Hua Tianming's speed, it was flawless!
As Hua Tianming took the initiative to attack, Luo Zheng found it difficult to break through his opponent's swordsmanship. He could only passively defend!
However, Hua Tianming's speed was so fast that in an instant, Luo Zheng was surrounded by danger when he stepped on the light. Even after activating Eight Turns Flying Smoke, it was still difficult for him to avoid Hua Tianming's attacks …
However, Hua Tianming had no intention of ending the fight. He was very patient and was still waiting.
"Haha, as I said, this Luo Zheng is definitely not Hua Tianming's opponent."
"He doesn't even have the strength to fight back."
"He doesn't have an advantage in sword moves, speed, or power. What does he have to fight against Hua Tianming?"
"Fortunately, I bet on Hua Tianming. If this goes on, there's no suspense!"
"What kind of swordsmanship is Hua Tianming? It's exactly the same as the basic swordsmanship!"
"Isn't Luo Zheng about the same?"
On the chessboard, Luo Zheng's steps were less than three meters apart. He only moved within three meters.
However, Hua Tianming was different. He was like a butterfly flying back and forth. Occasionally, he would stop and slash with his sword. After pausing for a moment, he would immediately disappear …
In the past, when Luo Zheng faced an opponent, his speed often gave him an advantage.
But now, even if Luo Zheng activated his vital essence and used Eight Turns Flying Smoke, he was still unable to keep up with his opponent's footsteps!
Facing Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng was indeed at a great disadvantage!
However, as Hua Tianming attacked again and again, Luo Zheng fell into a state of enlightenment.
"Hua Tianming's swordsmanship …"
The moves of the Sword Art of Primordial were extremely simple. They were originally compatible with Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship. However, there was a hidden power within the Sword Art of Primordial that Luo Zheng could not understand!
Within that hidden power, there was a power that surpassed the Extreme Simplicity Sword Dao!
If the Extreme Simplicity Sword Dao of Luo Zheng's feys was "one," then the Extreme Simplicity of the Sword of Inception was "zero."
That was a very mysterious power that was hard to describe and indescribable!
It was not that Luo Zheng's comprehension was not enough!
Instead, this hidden power was accumulated by Chiyou. It was the hidden power that came from the Master of Weapons!
This swordsmanship was called "Inception," and was the foundation of all swordsmanship. In terms of moves, it was in an unbreakable state!
"Ding!"
When Hua Tianming slashed with his sword, Luo Zheng also slashed with his sword!
The two's movements were almost exactly the same, but Luo Zheng's sword was missing something …
Whether it was the form, the posture, or the spirit, it was missing something!
"What is it that's missing?"
Luo Zheng held his sword horizontally in front of his chest and stared at Hua Tianming, who was flying away.
Hua Tianming circled around in the distance and came back again. This time, the Tengshe sword circled around Hua Tianming's side and directly slashed at Luo Zheng!
"Again!"
Luo Zheng also slashed vertically with this sword!
"Clang!"
The two swords slid past each other, and the two crossed each other. However, the moment they crossed each other, a long and narrow wound appeared on Luo Zheng's body!
As for Hua Tianming, he floated away …
"You can't break my swordsmanship. The gap between us is too big." Hua Tianming had an overwhelming advantage, but he still gave Luo Zheng sufficient respect. His eyes were full of heroic spirit, but there was a trace of desolation …
He regarded Luo Zheng as a real opponent! His most important goal!
A few years ago, he couldn't catch up to this goal no matter how hard he ran. There was no possibility of catching up.
But in just six or seven years …
He stood in front of Luo Zheng again, but found that he had already surpassed this goal.
Hua Tianming didn't like this feeling. Luo Zheng could obviously be stronger!
"Again!"
Thinking of this, his eyes revealed a trace of excitement, and he slashed his sword straight at Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng used the same swordsmanship as Hua Tianming. It was also a slash!
However, there was something else in Luo Zheng's swordsmanship …
"Clang!"
After the two swords met, Hua Tianming looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of surprise in his eyes. He froze on the spot, and the wave of light under his feet slowly spread out.
He felt the hidden power in Luo Zheng's swordsmanship, the hidden power of the "Sword of Beginning"!
Although it was very small, it had already begun to take shape …
"Interesting …"
At that moment, Hua Tianming's eyes glowed with vigor.
The Sword of Beginning …
In order to cultivate this swordsmanship, he had spent almost three years.
Three years in the outside world …
In fact, Hua Tianming had been trapped in Chiyou's Treasure for three hundred years. The law of time there had been changed, and the flow of time was 100: 1.
For three hundred years, he had repeatedly cultivated the "Sword of Beginning", which was similar to the basic swordsmanship.
In twenty years, he had gained one point of hidden power!
In eighty years, he had gained two points!
In one hundred and fifty years, he had gained three points!
In two hundred and twenty years, he had finally gained four points of hidden power …
In three hundred years, he had only gained five points of hidden power in the "Sword of Beginning"!
Five points was a small success. To cultivate to small success, Hua Tianming had spent three hundred years, which was three years in the outside world.
But Luo Zheng had already gained one point of hidden power just now?
In less than the time it takes for an incense stick to burn …

Chapter 1365
This scene made Hua Tianming feel incredulous.
He also found it hard to accept his own judgment …
He believed that Luo Zheng's talent was extraordinarily high and should be slightly stronger than his, but the gap shouldn't be that big!
He had comprehended the Sword Technique of Beginning for a full 20 years before he had a basic understanding of it.
Luo Zheng had only exchanged a few moves with him, and he had already comprehended a little?
Naturally, Hua Tianming didn't know that Luo Zheng's path of enlightenment was based on the extremely simple Sword Dao and gradually improved.
The Sword Dao contained in Yi Shen's Sword Dao was also of the same origin …
With the two complementing each other, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming formed a complementary force and comprehended the potential of the Sword Technique of Beginning. It was only logical!
"Since you intend to be enlightened, I'll share this opportunity with you!"
In terms of sword moves alone …
Hua Tianming's sword technique actually had the advantage.
The sword technique of the Master of Weapons was born not long after the chaos was created. It was the foundation of all Sword Dao between heaven and earth.
Then, Sword Dao extended into several factions and was carried forward …
Luo Zheng's Sword Dao was indeed extremely simple, but it had lost its potential!
Hua Tianming regarded Luo Zheng as his biggest opponent.
However, he wasn't stingy with Luo Zheng in comprehending the Sword Technique of Beginning …
His attacks were still swift and fierce.
However, his speed had decreased by 60%, and his strength had decreased by 30%!
At this moment, Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng weren't competing in sword moves. They were comparing notes and comprehending at the same time!
Luo Zheng sensed Hua Tianming's motive, and a strange look appeared in his eyes.
It didn't mean that Hua Tianming would definitely lose because he had the advantage in terms of moves.
It was just that Hua Tianming was orthodox. He had the advantage in terms of sword moves, but he wasn't willing to use this advantage to break through. He was truly a great gentleman!
This was Hua Tianming's Dao!
This was his Dao of Justice!
"What are these two fellows doing …"
"Their moves suddenly slowed down. It seems like they don't want to win and are comparing notes here?"
"How can this sword technique be so exquisite!"
However, the countless onlookers were a little confused …
Who didn't want to compete on this chessboard?
The more you won, the more you took, the more weight you had. This was the ranking of the world.........................
Of all the places they could spar, why would they come here to spar?
"What are they doing?" Luo Xi Xuan asked blankly.
..........................................................
. "If I'm not wrong, Hua Tianming's own sword technique isn't complete," said a Celestial Venerable from the Demi-Immortal Clan. "This sword technique is very strange. It's a complex sword technique that has the potential of a divine artifact!"
"What's even more frightening is that Luo Zheng didn't fight Hua Tianming for long, but he was also affected by this potential. This is something that Luo Zheng comprehended himself … Hehe, this talent can't be described as' frightening 'anymore. After all, he's a golden Demi-Immortal kid! However, this kid doesn't seem to be very obedient. The old patriarch sent him here, but he hasn't done anything for a few years, "said another Celestial Venerable from the Demi-Immortal Clan.
The Celestial Venerable in front stared for a while, then nodded and said, "I know. Hua Tianming has also encountered a bottleneck in his sword technique. He must have deliberately imparted his sword technique to Luo Zheng when he sparred with Luo Zheng. He must have used Luo Zheng's training to help himself break through!"
After all, they were Celestial Venerable experts. Their eyes were very sharp. Perhaps they couldn't see through the origin of the Sword of Beginning, but they could analyze Hua Tianming's thoughts.
In addition to pursuing a balance, Hua Tianming did have this idea in his mind.
He had only achieved a small success in the Sword of Beginning. So far, he had only achieved fifty percent of the potential. It would be difficult for him to break through!
The medium of this sword technique was only a piece of bright jade.
When he activated it with his True Yuan, a burly figure would pick up the sword and practice …
In three hundred years, it would appear once in the morning and once in the evening. Every time it appeared, it would only appear for ten breaths of time.
Hua Tianming's comprehension was purely based on observation!
After watching the silhouette practice the sword technique, he followed suit and practiced it.
In that extremely stable treasure trove where time was compressed, he couldn't find anyone else to spar with.
A good sword still needed to be sharpened by a whetstone.
However, Hua Tianming couldn't find such a "whetstone". He couldn't find it in the Lower Realm, and he couldn't find it in the universe!
If Luo Zheng could really comprehend some of the potential of the Sword of Beginning, he could become his "whetstone" …
Of course, sparring with sword techniques was originally about polishing each other!
In this way, the benefits to Luo Zheng were also obvious …
The only problem was, could Luo Zheng comprehend twenty to thirty percent of the Sword of Beginning in such a short time?
Previously, Hua Tianming didn't have such thoughts. After just a few moves, Luo Zheng had already grasped the door, which greatly boosted his confidence!
He didn't care how Luo Zheng did it. He only knew that his idea was feasible!
"Ding, clang, ping …"
The two of them were like disciples who had just started practicing, practicing the basic sword techniques.
Thrusting the sword, hanging the sword, sealing the sword, and setting up the sword. They were practicing methodically.
The martial artists who could see the potential were still okay. This kind of potential had a faint feeling of returning to the origin. If one thought about it carefully, it would be soul-stirring!
However …
There were still many martial artists in the universe who were in a state of complete confusion. These martial artists all had confused expressions on their faces.
"Are these two people sick?"
"This basic sword technique is learned by a child. Isn't this a waste of everyone's time?"
"It's already been fifteen minutes. These two guys …"
There seemed to be no time limit on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
The Daoists above were also surprisingly patient. No one opened their mouths to urge them …
Under this continuous sparring, Luo Zheng's comprehension of the sword techniques became clearer and clearer.
It seemed that his grasp of the sword had deepened to another level!
"Clang —"
He raised his sword with a flip of his hand and charged straight at Hua Tianming!
The potential of the "Sword Technique of Beginning" in the sword had increased by another point …
"I've already comprehended 30%. So fast!"
Hua Tianming was slightly shocked. This was already an easy task for him. His long sword moved like a plate and swung away Luo Zheng's attack.
"I wonder how long it will take for Luo Zheng to catch up to his initial success of 50%?" A hint of anticipation gradually surfaced in his eyes …
The number of sword techniques that the two of them had exchanged had already reached 3,000.
However, neither of them looked tired. On the contrary, whether it was Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming, both of them were extremely energetic at this moment!
It seemed that with every thrust of the sword, they would become a little stronger!
This kind of wonderful comprehension was an opportunity that many people would only encounter once in their entire lives …
30% …
40% …
50% …
When Luo Zheng comprehended 50% of the "Sword Technique of Beginning" with Hua Tianming's practice, it was considered a small success!
Compared to Hua Tianming's three years of cultivation, Luo Zheng's speed was countless times faster!
Here, talent was only one aspect. The bigger reason was that the "Sword Technique of Beginning" was originally compatible with Luo Zheng's sword technique!
Or it could be said that they were almost identical.
He only did the simplest arithmetic to completely return the "one" in his heart to zero.
"Wu …"
Ever since Luo Zheng obtained the small success of the "Sword Technique of Beginning", his sword began to hum sharply!
An invisible aura was released and spread out in all directions, filling the entire chessboard of heaven and earth …
The warriors outside the scroll could hear this sound, but they couldn't see or feel the aura.
However, the other eight Daoists on the chessboard seemed to have fallen into an illusion created by chaos. The oppressive aura wasn't strong, but it gave Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others a wonderful experience. Not only was the aura magnificent, but even their state of mind was magnificent and open!
"This guy, what did he comprehend? Such a big movement!" Lie Qianhan said with dissatisfaction. Even standing on the chessboard was affected by Luo Zheng. He only wanted to say that he had seen a ghost.
"He must have made a breakthrough in the Sword Principle!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said with a frown.
Before the aura spread out, Hua Tianming retreated dozens of feet away in an instant. This time, he cupped his hands toward Luo Zheng and said, "Congratulations!"
"Thank you." Luo Zheng nodded and quietly felt the wonderful aura!
"No need to thank me. I did it for myself …" Hua Tianming smiled and held his long sword horizontally.
He deeply understood this principle. If there wasn't a shield in the world that could block this sword, then what was the use of making this sword?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1366
The sparring between the two didn't stop.
There were often many ways to cultivate …
The first was through self-comprehension!
The cultivation techniques in the chaos were all created by living beings.
All techniques had their roots, and then they would spread and grow, becoming more and more mature, forming factions …
As for the first cultivation method, it was something he comprehended on his own.
Two professors!
The master passed down his lifetime's comprehension from generation to generation, forming a sect, a sect, and a sacred ground …
This was a top-down teaching, treading on the path of predecessors. It was also the most common cultivation method for thousands of living beings.
The third was to temper oneself!
It was to verify what one had learned in one's heart through continuous actual combat. Perhaps one would have a lot of feelings, perhaps one would have an epiphany, or perhaps one would suddenly solve one's doubts.
In fact, this tempering was also a kind of self-comprehension.
Hua Tianming could no longer gain too much from the Sword of Beginning, so he could only choose the tempering method to move forward.
However, after ascending, he realized how despicable the Universe Sword Technique was!
There might be some exquisite sword techniques in this universe, but Hua Tianming couldn't go there …
The Sword Pavilion, the Sword Mountain of Slaughter, the Sword Cleansing Pool …
Hua Tianming, who was at the Divine Ocean Realm, didn't reveal too much in the tenth-rank sacred ground. After all, he was only at the Divine Ocean Realm. If the powerful people in the sacred ground coveted Hua Tianming's inheritance, he might be in big trouble.
Right now, in this Illusory Battlefield, his reputation had already spread to the entire universe. Facing Luo Zheng, he was able to temper himself without any worries.
However, Luo Zheng's sword wasn't so sharp before …
He had become Luo Zheng's whetstone.
Then now …
The two of them kept exchanging moves, slashing, slashing, and stabbing.
Those with high vision watched with great interest, always hoping to read something from the wonderful momentum. If they could benefit themselves, they would naturally benefit a lot.
Those with low vision couldn't see anything. It was really too boring.
As a result, a strange situation appeared in the universe.
The martial artists with lower cultivations and weaker perception were drowsy. From time to time, they would curse a few words. The two people in the picture scroll were also extremely bored.
Those with higher cultivation stared at the picture scroll with bright eyes, fearing that they would miss a single movement. They even practiced it in their hearts …
One hour later …
Two hours …
Four hours later.
Hua Tianming's eyes shone brightly, as if a star was blooming within them!
The invisible auras began to spiral up!
This power did not bring about a breeze, nor did it shatter the chessboard.
However, more than a hundred of the chess pieces on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard were pushed away by the force and shifted their positions!
"The chess piece has been moved …"
"What does that mean?"
"Previously, the entire Chessboard of Heaven and Earth was destroyed, but those chess pieces didn't move at all. That kid's accumulated power can move the chess pieces?"
When warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm fought, they might not have the power to destroy the world, but they had the power to move mountains and break rivers!
This Chessboard of Heaven and Earth that was 100,000 feet long had already been destroyed by these cultivators several times …
Ku Deng's staff broke it, and Ji Luoxue's foot stamped lightly …
However, no one was able to affect these chess pieces. They had always been where they were supposed to be. They had never moved too far, nor had they been harmed in the slightest.
However, at this moment, they were being pushed by Hua Tianming's accumulated power.
Because of this disturbance, the calculations that had already taken shape would have to start all over again.
Many people who were calculating stared at the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Looking at this new arrangement, their faces suddenly turned ugly …
A huge gap suddenly appeared in the white chess piece that was originally in a defensive position.
And a patch of black chess pieces took advantage of this opportunity to invade …
"Ten Kings Moving Horse Momentum!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's gaze suddenly froze …
"What does that mean?" Lie Qianhan stretched his head and asked.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression was serious as he continued to calculate. His calculation speed was even faster than some Heavenly Venerables by a bit!
"A death trap … I wonder if that woman will repeat the game!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said as he looked at the sky.
Since that jade-like hand could hold onto the chess pieces …
She must be able to move the chess pieces on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard by herself.
Just now, these chess pieces were being pushed by Hua Tianming's accumulated power. It could not be considered her own game. Let's see if she was willing to repeat the game.
After staring for a while, he still did not see that huge jade-like hand breaking through the clouds. He could not help but shake his head.
This mysterious girl's chess skills were not high, and she placed the chess pieces quite casually. Presumably, she was just calculating according to fate. This method of calculating fate was actually more accurate. Then, the possibility of her repeating the game and putting the scattered chess pieces back to their original positions was not high.
"Sigh." Xuanyuan Chenfeng hoped to repeat the game.
If he brought the ten people into this chessboard, he would be the "king" in the previous situation, and others would not be able to take it away from him!
As time went on, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, even if they were so arrogant and powerful now, they would eventually be reduced to small characters.
Therefore, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw the strength of the two people, although his expression did not look good, at least the luck on the chessboard was on his side. He was not anxious. Even if he really lost to one of the two people, he was not anxious!
Because of Hua Tianming's push, his fate had been completely changed.
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart, he naturally hoped that the mysterious girl would repeat the game …
Unfortunately, she did not intend to repeat the game.
"Chi You's sword has been hidden for so many years, and it has just appeared. It's really domineering …" The mysterious girl stared at the chessboard and said, "This fatal game will probably destroy the entire universe. There will be no winner. If I forcefully repeat the game, I'm afraid this game will be for nothing. It won't be accurate at all …"
Many Celestial Venerables' expressions did not look good.
The change in the chessboard was not only disadvantageous to many Daoists, but also to many races.
This kind of situation was simply impossible to deal with.
"The crisis of the great world is difficult, but it is definitely not a hopeless situation. Why would such a hopeless situation appear?"
"That Hua Tianming is the nemesis of all races!"
"This is fate, the fate of the universe, the fate of the trillions of living beings!"
The Celestial Venerables also roared non-stop …
However, the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard only lasted for ten breaths.
After ten breaths, a force directly spread out from Luo Zheng's body …
That force was almost on par with Hua Tianming's force!
As the force spread out, it pushed the chess pieces away again. There was not a single chess piece within a thousand feet of Luo Zheng!
The situation on the chessboard had actually changed greatly in a short period of time!
"The chessboard has changed again!"
"The chess piece is played from the broken point! The chess piece is reborn from the broken point! "
"Wonderful! Haha! "
With this push, many white chess pieces moved, but it directly changed the chessboard of the fatal game back!
Although the situation on the chessboard was still not optimistic, the white chess pieces had also dragged the black chess pieces into a dead end …
In that case, in the next two or three moves, the outcome would probably be revealed!
After all, this was much better than the previous chessboard …
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw this chessboard, his expression eased a lot.
If he calculated based on this chessboard, he could be considered to have broken through two rounds. Although it was still not as good as the beginning, it was not as bad as before.
"In that case, this Luo Zheng can be considered to have helped me?"
At this moment, not only did he calculate based on the chessboard, but he also calculated Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming! Because the two of them had directly moved the chess pieces, they had become the instigators. They had the ability to interfere with fate.
Although Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not want to come to such a conclusion, the result of his calculation was indeed so.
At this moment, the two people's understanding of the 《Sword Art of Beginning》 had improved, and they could be considered to have broken through 50% of the bottleneck!
Hua Tianming held the sword in his hand tightly, and his face revealed a happy expression. He had been stuck at this point for a long time. In order to think of a way to break through the bottleneck, he even had sleepless nights and could not eat or sleep in peace.
He did not expect that in the end, the opportunity would still fall on Luo Zheng.
"Now … we can continue!" Hua Tianming smiled slightly.
In terms of swordsmanship, the two people were under absolute fairness. At this moment, they had broken through the bottleneck. His words were to tell Luo Zheng that it was time to compete for the real victory!
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Under the influence of the accumulated potential, Luo Zheng's soul seemed to have left his body and was placed in an endless space. This accumulated potential allowed him to comprehend a new world!
"Okay, let's continue." Luo Zheng's expression was calm, and a storm blew in the sea of chaos in his body!

Chapter 1367
Previously, Hua Tianming had gone easy on him.
Using the 《Sword of Beginnings》 to exchange pointers, he had deliberately imparted this sword technique to him.
Purely using sword techniques to exchange pointers, he might not be at a disadvantage …
But in the end, that was not his Dao, but Hua Tianming's Dao!
If he wanted to defeat Hua Tianming, he needed his own strength!
The Primal Chaos Qi condensed like ink. After this extraction, it coiled around Luo Zheng's meridians and finally converged towards Luo Zheng's right arm!
The originally bouncing sword intent had already been controlled by Luo Zheng, firmly fixed on the sword's body …
A golden light blossomed from the sword's edge, which was instantly covered by a grey light. The two types of light constantly crossed each other, like a flickering firefly in the night, flickering between brightness and darkness.
This was not a disparity between weapons.
The Sword of Tengshe was indeed powerful …
But the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword, which had been fused with the Primal Chaos Qi, could also be regarded as a Primal Chaos Treasure.
The true competition was each person's strength.
"They're finally willing to fight seriously!"
"I've already cultivated for a week, and they're only just starting? These two people really know how to dawdle! "
"Hua Tianming, hurry up and win, I can bet everything on you!"
Seeing Luo Zheng brewing like this, Hua Tianming revealed a kind smile. The Sword of Tengshe suddenly stood upright, raised to the side of Hua Tianming's face.
"Even if you've comprehended the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, it's still not enough, far from enough …" Hua Tianming shook his head.
There were many kinds of fates in this life …
Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's follower and tie.
She was the Big Dipper Star that hung in the Northern Sky Region.
The Big Dipper Star could point the way for people, telling them not to get lost, and used the most resplendent light to point the way …
But Luo Yan, this star, only shone for Luo Zheng, guiding him all the way to the Divine Domain.
But at this moment, Hua Tianming's mind flashed with the light of understanding …
He was afraid that he and Luo Zheng would be tied down by a struggle for supremacy!
The competition between the two of them would most likely not end here. It might even extend to the Divine Realm.
This was Hua Tianming's prediction. It was hard for him to predict things that had yet to happen.
However, if nothing unexpected happened, Hua Tianming would definitely win this battle.
"Sou!"
As Tengshe's sword danced, a wave of light suddenly spread out!
Stepping on the light, his speed was extremely fast!
Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword was indeed very powerful.
However, Hua Tianming was not too afraid.
That sword was indeed powerful, but the premise was that it could hit him.
Hua Tianming's instantaneous speed really gave Luo Zheng a headache...
This brat's speed was too fast!
Now, the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword was condensed in the sword, but Hua Tianming's figure was like a stream of light, shuttling back and forth on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. It was impossible to lock onto him!
Even so, Luo Zheng did not have much hesitation in his heart.
He also left the chessboard. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword was already at his side, approaching Hua Tianming.
"Sou!"
The two figures suddenly crossed each other, separated by only three feet.
"Now!"
"Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword!"
"Piercing Sword!"
This sword was also something that Luo Zheng had learned and used on the spot.
A sharp ray of light, like an elongated shadow, extended from the tip of the sword in Luo Zheng's hand. In an instant, it pierced toward Hua Tianming. There was also a majestic power within it, causing the flickering golden gray sword light to look particularly eye-catching.
This sword seemed to want to pierce through everything that blocked its path.
However, the moment Hua Tianming's figure passed by, his body paused at a very slight angle.
That pause was even a gap in the physical body.
It was this pause that allowed the sword light to pierce through Hua Tianming's side.
A slight difference …
But it could not be considered dangerous.
That was deliberately done by Hua Tianming. If he wanted to, he could have dodged even further away.
It was just that there was no need to.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng did not stop. The chaotic energy in his body was absorbed as if it did not cost money!
The Primal Chaos Sea began to decline and shrink at a visible speed ….
At this moment, the World Tree was able to manifest in Luo Zheng's inner world. The World Tree was constantly growing in his inner world, showing signs of flourishing.
The first time he slashed, Luo Zheng used 10% of his chaotic energy.
The second time, Luo Zheng slashed again, drawing even more chaotic energy, reaching 40%. The entire chaotic sea was directly reduced by half.
Because he wanted to seal off Hua Tianming's escape route for the second time, he slashed four times in a row.
Three slashes cut off Hua Tianming's escape route, and one slash went straight for Hua Tianming.
Under this slash, there was boundless power, dyeing the clouds golden.
In an instant, he unleashed four slashes …
The chaotic energy transformed into sword intent and true essence. Like rolling waves, it filled the entire Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
"Crash …"
"Hua Tianming can't escape!"
"Luo Zheng's slash is too powerful. If he can't escape, I'm afraid he'll be killed!"
"Sigh, Hua Tianming was too careless. He should have used a thunderous method from the start and directly killed Luo Zheng. Now he's in a very passive position."
Amidst the discussions …
The Sword of Tengshe in Hua Tianming's hand began to vibrate slightly.
Ripples surrounded Hua Tianming and spread out.
Facing Luo Zheng's four Sword of God Yi, Hua Tianming's face did not show any fear.
His comprehension had already surpassed the Divine Dao. He knew that Luo Zheng's Sword of God Yi was not the true Sword of God Yi.
The ripples surrounded Hua Tianming and spread out. When the ripples spread over the Chessboard arena, fine cracks appeared on the arena and it was instantly destroyed.
The ripples continued to spread and spread in the air. Finally, they swayed on Hua Tianming's sword.
The four slashes that Luo Zheng released by gathering half of the chaotic energy in his body were also his strongest killing move.
Hua Tianming's expression was still indifferent. When Luo Zheng attacked, he had already thought of a countermeasure.
However, just as Hua Tianming was about to receive Luo Zheng's slash, the Sword of Tengshe started to vibrate.
"You …"
Hua Tianming's expression was somewhat unsightly.
Perhaps it was because he had been hungry for too long. Previously, this guy had been somewhat irritable and had almost broken the scabbard. He wanted to swallow Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword.
Hua Tianming calmed down with great difficulty.
However, at this moment, the thing inside the sword wanted to break out of the seal. Its target was Luo Zheng's sword.
The Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was considered a good sword in the universe, but it could not be compared to a Supreme Artifact.
However, after Luo Zheng drew out a large amount of chaotic energy, the sword was integrated with chaotic energy. The aura it emitted was very similar to a chaotic treasure.

Chapter 1368
As Tengshe's sword trembled, the ripples weaved into snake scales that flickered with a halo.
These snake scales continuously appeared and finally outlined a large snake with a single horn. This snake was Tengshe.
Tengshe had a pair of wings on its back and a single horn on its forehead. It was scarlet red.
According to legend, when this horn was completely peeled off, it could transform into a dragon …
Legend has it that dragons originally didn't exist in this world. The first dragon in this world was Tengshe!
"Hiss …"
This Tengshe rushed out on its own. Hua Tianming couldn't control it!
At this moment, Tengshe was only twenty feet long. The wings on its back suddenly spread out, and the huge snake body pounced straight at Luo Zheng.
It didn't have much interest in Luo Zheng. Tengshe originally liked to devour divine weapons.
It liked treasures of the Primordial Chaos lineage the most, but treasures of the Primordial Chaos lineage were also delicious!
However, if it was a living Tengshe, devouring treasures of the Primordial Chaos lineage would be dangerous. After all, the Primordial Chaos energy within was a very fatal threat to them.
However, this Tengshe had already fused with Tengshe's sword. It was an artifact spirit, so it didn't have this kind of concern!
This Tengshe's speed was incomparably fast …
Facing Luo Zheng's four sword lights, it only lightly flicked its small tail!
The four golden sword lights instantly disintegrated!
Before Luo Zheng could react, he felt the snake's shadow flash in front of his eyes. Then, his hand sank and lightened.
The Thundergale Ghost Sword had already disappeared …
His gaze followed, only to see that the twenty feet long Soaring Serpent was holding his Lightning Wind Dark Divine Sword in its mouth. The Soaring Serpent suddenly raised its head and threw the sword high into the air.
The Thundergale Ghost Sword spun in the air and stabbed down. Tengshe opened its snake mouth and swallowed the sword in one gulp.
"Hiss hiss …"
The Tengshe hissed twice at the edge of the chessboard. The snake's body continued to wriggle, and in the blink of an eye, it disappeared into Hua Tianming's Tengshe Sword.
This speed … it truly came without a shadow, and left without a trace.
When the Celestial Venerables in the universe saw this small snake, their eyes more or less revealed fear.
When Hua Tianming revealed such a precious treasure like the Tengshe Sword, it had actually attracted the covetous eyes of many people!
The people of the four great clans naturally wanted to bring Hua Tianming into their own sects to consolidate their clans' future and destiny.
However, the thoughts of others were different …
Someone could already see that the opportunity's fortune was the Primordial Chaos Sword's fate.
It was definitely a treasure that surpassed the Myriad Spirit Stele, and such a treasure was much rarer than a Supreme Artifact in the universe!
However, this Tengshe did not look big, and its aura was not strong. Many low-level martial artists did not feel anything, but in the eyes of the Celestial Venerables, this snake had an invisible deterrence, as if it was a fatal threat to these Celestial Venerables!
In the thick clouds, the young girl in the palace sat on the steps. She stretched out two fair index fingers and placed them together.
Her gaze passed through the two fingers and landed on the Tengshe.
"This snake also came out. It's considered a violation of the rules, right?"
The overall rule of the Illusory Battlefield was to rely on one's own strength …
However, martial artists had many different methods. Some were good at controlling beasts, and some focused on cultivating spirits. However, those things could not be brought into the battlefield. It was unavoidably unfair to these kinds of martial artists. It was just that the rules were set up and were destined to not take care of everyone.
However, there were always people who had methods to avoid the rules to a certain extent.
For example, that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's lousy sword had also deceived the rules before entering.
As for Hua Tianming's Tengshe Sword, even if she knew, she would not be able to stop it!
As long as that Tengshe did not come out, there would not be too much of a problem. However, the instant the snake touched Luo Zheng's sword, this …
The young girl hesitated. Should she intervene?
…
Luo Zheng looked at his empty hands, a rather speechless expression on his face.
How could he suddenly throw out a snake and snatch his sword away?
That Tengshe was hiding in a corner, swallowing the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword …
However, not long after swallowing it, the snake suddenly twisted its body, and the pair of wings on its back began to tremble.
As its body twisted violently, it suddenly opened its snake mouth and spat out!
The Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword had already shattered into several pieces. After being spat out like this, the fragments were like nails nailed into the chessboard of heaven and earth. The Tengshe's eyes even revealed a look of extreme disgust. It glared fiercely at Luo Zheng, then turned into ripples and gradually dissipated, returning to Hua Tianming's sword.
"This … what's the meaning of this?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Hua Tianming's face was full of apology. He naturally understood that Tengshe looked down on this sword.
This Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was not a chaos treasure.
It was only a first-grade divine artifact …
However, when Luo Zheng released the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword just now, he used the chaos aura and integrated it into the sword.
At this moment, it caused an illusion, causing Tengshe to mistakenly believe that this sword was a chaos treasure!
However, after Luo Zheng's four slashes, the chaos aura had already dissipated. After it swallowed it again, it felt that something was wrong.
Tengshe liked to devour divine weapons, but the first-grade divine artifacts in this universe were not enough to enter its mouth …
Thus, this inexplicable action occurred.
Not only was Luo Zheng baffled by this scene, but everyone in the universe was also puzzled.
"Sorry." Hua Tianming's face revealed an apologetic expression.
Luo Zheng shrugged. It was not a big problem that the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was damaged. After all, this was the Illusory Battlefield, and it would not really be damaged.
However, Luo Zheng did not have a suitable weapon to use now. It seemed that he could only make do with the Holy Spear of Massacre?
This did not seem very practical …
"I have a second-grade divine artifact. I can lend it to you." Hua Tianming seemed to have seen Luo Zheng's predicament and took out a green-gray longsword.
Second-grade divine artifact …
It was obtained by Hua Tianming after he entered the tenth-grade Holy Land.
With his cultivation as an Ascender, taking away this second-grade divine artifact longsword had already attracted countless envious gazes from the Holy Land.
Now, that group of people finally understood that this second-grade divine artifact was nothing to Hua Tianming.
"Alright." Luo Zheng nodded slightly and prepared to take the sword.
But at this moment, Dugu Jianxiaoxiao's eyes flashed as he stood on the chess piece. He was communicating with that lousy sword of his …
For Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, this broken sword was an opportunity!
Both he and the sword knew that Luo Zheng had the chaos aura, although they did not understand how he had obtained it!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had originally planned to find Luo Zheng after the Illusory Battlefield ended and nurture this broken sword. The chaos aura was a very crucial part!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wanted to seize this opportunity for the broken sword, so he shouted, "Wait!"
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng raised his head and looked over.
"A human-grade divine artifact is too unfair in such a crucial battle." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao smiled slightly. He raised the broken sword in his hand and threw it directly at Luo Zheng …
"Whoosh!"
There should have been a binding force behind the chessboard, binding all the cultivators inside.
But now, that force was withdrawn …
The broken sword suddenly flew toward Luo Zheng and sank into the chessboard beside Luo Zheng with a ding.
Although the sword was broken, it revealed a strong sense of toughness!
Luo Zheng also knew that this sword was not ordinary. It would be suitable for him to borrow it.
However, just as the sword was inserted into the chessboard, Hua Tianming's Tengshe Sword began to vibrate again!
This Tengshe seemed to have smelled an extremely tempting delicacy and wanted to stand out from Hua Tianming's sword …
This time, Hua Tianming was not happy!
With a flip of his hand, he pressed his thumb on the edge of Tengshe Sword.
How sharp was the edge of the sword?
A bloody wound instantly appeared on Hua Tianming's thumb!
Then, using his thumb as a pen, he quickly wrote along the body of Tengshe Sword. After drawing a blood-red seal, the vibration finally stopped.
No wonder when I received this sword, I was taught the Blood Seal Technique.
This Tengshe was indeed restless …
At this moment, Hua Tianming continued to smile apologetically at Luo Zheng.
If it was someone else, they might have taken advantage of Tengshe Sword swallowing to win the battle in one go.
Even if it was an ordinary opponent, he would not do this, let alone facing Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1369
In this world, some people were purely opponents, while others were both friends and opponents.
Luo Zheng was the latter type of person. Hua Tianming was very clear on this point.
Luo Zheng looked at the broken sword beside him …
The color of the sword was dim, and the body of the sword was slightly broken. It looked like an ordinary iron sword.
This sword had already unleashed an extremely powerful might on Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The current contest was very suitable for Luo Zheng.
He took a step forward and grabbed the sword in his hand …
The moment Luo Zheng came into contact with the broken sword, he felt a huge wave of thoughts connect with him through the body of the sword.
That thought didn't transmit any special information, but it made Luo Zheng feel friendly.
There was a strong sword spirit in this sword!
Luo Zheng was only temporarily using this sword, and the sword spirit didn't take the initiative to communicate with Luo Zheng. The two sides had some tacit understanding, and it could be considered a temporary cooperation.
He picked up the sword, only to find that it was as light as a feather, as if it was weightless.
If the sword didn't have weight, it would make people uncomfortable. No one would be willing to use a feather to fight the enemy.
However, when Luo Zheng swung the sword in a circle, he felt an extremely comfortable feeling of heaviness from his hand.
"How ingenious!" The sword adjusted its weight according to Luo Zheng's movements.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …" After swinging the sword for a while, Luo Zheng held the long sword horizontally and nodded at Hua Tianming.
In this battle with Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng could be considered to have gained a lot. He had a new understanding of swordsmanship, but this didn't mean that he would definitely lose to Hua Tianming!
Hua Tianming smiled slightly, and raised the Sword Tengshe again.
The white light under his feet was like mercury, spreading from his feet to the surroundings.
It spread all the way down. The white light covered Tianyuan, many chess pieces, the entire Chessboard of Heaven and Earth, and naturally, Luo Zheng's feet …
A majestic aura spread out from Hua Tianming's body.
The Divine Dao of Justice cultivated a kind of belief, a kind of strong belief …
Although Jiang Zhengyi had already entered the Dao, he had gone astray. Hence, his righteous thoughts were extremely stubborn. In the eyes of others, they might even feel that this fellow was mentally unstable.
The sword was right in the middle of Hua Tianming's face, and his eyes shone with a scorching light!
Everyone could tell that Hua Tianming was about to end the fight.
From the beginning, Hua Tianming had the advantage.
Everyone in the universe, including the many Realm Lords and Heavenly Venerables, thought that Hua Tianming would win …
Luo Zheng took a deep breath!
The Chaotic Qi in his body suddenly gushed out, gathering along his right arm and transferring it to the broken sword.
"Pure Chaos Qi!"
The Sword Spirit in this broken sword was also very excited at this moment.
Previously, it was only puzzled as to how this Luo Zheng could release Chaotic Qi!
Now, it completely understood that this fellow really did have Chaotic Qi …
Under the nourishment of the incomparably pure Chaotic Qi, the sword spirit in the broken sword restrained itself and absorbed it!
Luo Zheng also felt the changes in the sword. A portion of his Chaotic Qi seemed to have been "stolen". However, he had just poured it in, and the stolen Chaotic Qi was only an extremely small portion. It was not even one-ten-thousandth of his Chaotic Sea, so he naturally did not care.
However, the sword spirit was different. At the beginning, it restrained itself from absorbing the Chaotic Qi to nourish itself. It was not a "replica" of the Illusory Space, but had truly infiltrated the Illusory Battlefield. Hence, this nourishment was very beneficial to it.
It felt that even if Luo Zheng had Chaotic Qi, the amount would not be too much. Hence, it restrained itself so much.
But then, the sword spirit was somewhat stunned …
The amount of Chaotic Qi that emerged from Luo Zheng's body almost exceeded the sword spirit's imagination!
How did this fellow do it?!
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his long sword and stepped forward with a stern gaze.
He also knew that it was time to determine the victor …
Although Luo Zheng was still confident, he understood that there was indeed a gap between him and Hua Tianming!
Hua Tianming had only spent a few years to catch up and surpass him. Even Luo Zheng could not help but admire him …
Even with this clear understanding, Luo Zheng would not easily admit defeat.
"Boom!"
"Come again, Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword …"
Sensing the direction of Luo Zheng's sword, the sword spirit immersed in the Chaotic Qi did its best to cooperate with Luo Zheng.
It was originally a Chaos Treasure …
And Luo Zheng's sword technique, the method of using the Law of Metal to carry the Chaotic Qi, was also comprehended from it.
With this cooperation, it could take advantage of the situation and activate an even more powerful force!
The golden light transformed into golden lotuses that emitted wisps of gray light. This sword was far more dazzling than before!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was silent. Seeing that the broken sword in Luo Zheng's hands had such great power, he felt very uncomfortable. However, it was his own initiative to lend his sword to Luo Zheng. In the end, it was for the sake of his beloved sword.
"Come." Hua Tianming smiled slightly. "It's best to end it here …"
Hua Tianming was bound to win this battle.
As Tengshe raised her sword, numerous diamond-shaped Taoist Accumulations intertwined. These Taoist Accumulations were like sparkling and translucent gems, exuding a pure and flawless luster.
They were densely packed together, taking up all the space around Hua Tianming, leaving only a path for him to pass through.
Following that path, Hua Tianming raised his sword, stepped forward, and sprinted …
Like a dragon in a pool, he suddenly emerged from the path in the canyon. The silver light on his sword spread out another layer of Taoist Accumulations.
This astonishing momentum was a ghastly sight to behold!
"Whoosh …"
Hua Tianming rushed directly toward Luo Zheng, rushing toward Luo Zheng's Guiyuanyi Divine Sword.
He did not even choose to dodge, but instead charged forward while facing Luo Zheng's attack …
The extremely sharp golden-gray sword light pierced toward Hua Tianming, stabbing toward Tengshe's sword that had been moving horizontally.
"Hiss …"
It was accompanied by an ear-piercing whistling sound.
The sword light was directly cut into two by the bright silver sword in Hua Tianming's hand!
At this moment, Hua Tianming was going against the current!
"What an overbearing method! Hua Tianming! It's terrifyingly powerful! "
"The power of Luo Zheng's sword is frightening enough, but this Hua Tianming actually withstood the sword light and directly charged forward …"
"The first place of this Dream Battlefield will definitely belong to Hua Tianming!"
Everyone in the universe came to the same conclusion at this moment …
Even the mysterious girl's face revealed a regretful expression. "Actually, I was hoping that you, Luo Zheng, could take first place, but this guy obtained Chiyou's sword inheritance. His life is better than yours, so he probably won't make it …"
Ning Yudie quietly watched this scene, and Xi Youqin was similarly quiet …
They had never seen Luo Zheng lose! At least when facing an expert of the same realm.
Even in this universe, Luo Zheng did not fall behind.
Coincidentally, in the end, he lost to Hua Tianming. The two girls sighed in their hearts at the wonders of fate.
Hua Tianming's speed was incomparably fast. The sword light of Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Godly Sword was split into two, directly cutting two ravines on the side of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
"Clang!"
The two swords directly collided.
This time, Luo Zheng did not fall behind in terms of sword moves, but in terms of power, Luo Zheng was inferior by a lot!
"Bang bang …"
Luo Zheng quickly retreated a few steps, bent his long sword, and began to prepare for the second sword move.
However, Hua Tianming did not give Luo Zheng a chance …
Under the light of the footsteps, waves of ripples spread out.
Luo Zheng almost instinctively dodged to the side, but in an instant, countless bloody wounds appeared on one of his arms!
"Puff puff puff …"
Luo Zheng's hand was densely packed with wounds as if it had been filed by a knife. These wounds were outlined by his own blood, and were exactly the same as the ripples released by Hua Tianming!
If Luo Zheng did not have the body of a divine artifact, this hand would probably have been shattered into pieces.
Hua Tianming did not stop at all, and another ripple spread out …
This speed was completely impossible for Luo Zheng to dodge!
"Puff …"
This time, it was Luo Zheng's face.
From Luo Zheng's face to his neck, there were countless wounds of equal proportions, and he looked incomparably miserable.

Chapter 1370
Even so, Luo Zheng wasn't discouraged at all.
The aura of chaos emerged again …
The Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword slashed out again!
It was accompanied by the sound of a sword roaring out!
"Slash!"
Hua Tianming was less than ten feet away from Luo Zheng, which was a distance of thirty feet.
This distance was closed in an instant!
He raised his hand, and the sword light was like a silver python, splitting Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword in half again!
The sword light split into two sides, and Hua Tianming was like a stabilizing needle, standing in front of Luo Zheng.
Slash again!
Slash again!
The aura of chaos in Luo Zheng's body was rapidly depleting …
It wasn't that Luo Zheng was too weak.
With the help of Primal Chaos Qi, even an ordinary cultivation technique would be much more powerful than others!
Moreover, Luo Zheng's enlightenment was obtained from Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword, and it was a "sword technique" that could display the aura of chaos itself …
This sword technique might be a bit simple, and there might not be enough variables, but its power was far beyond the inheritances of the same level in this universe …
It was just that Hua Tianming was too strong …
Luo Zheng didn't know about Chiyou's sainthood, didn't know about the seven inheritances of the Weapon Grandmasters, and even more didn't know about Hua Tianming's mission!
He only knew that he had to find a way to defeat him.
"So miserable, Luo Zheng is suppressed to the point that he doesn't have a chance at all."
"It's obvious that he wants to win …"
"Hua Tianming's strength is above Xuanyuan Chenfeng's!"
…
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't use his sword …
The most powerful aspect of the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword was its invincible sharpness.
It was just that this sharpness wasn't perfect, and his sword intent wasn't at its peak.
Hua Tianming used the Tengshe Divine Sword in his hand to cut open the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword as if he was peeling off its skin!
If a martial artist observed carefully, they would see that Hua Tianming's sword cut open Luo Zheng was also very skillful …
The direction he slashed was slightly to the right of the middle section of the sword light.
Luo Zheng had used the Laws of Metal to support the Chaotic Qi in this attack. Although the two had fused together, there would always be a flaw.
Hua Tianming's sword cut through this flaw, and only then was he able to easily cut it open!
If he could sprout 36 leaves and enter the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng would be able to eliminate this flaw.
It was a pity that Luo Zheng was not able to step into it. He was still not a Dao Child.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Starlight began to appear in his hands.
The starlight was multicolored, like flawless gems …
"Starry Battle Body!"
"Glory of the Stars!"
It was the most powerful move in the Starry War Body.
The spreading starlight was like a rapidly growing mushroom, instantly covering the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
The chessboard quickly collapsed and dissipated.
After the starlight dimmed …
Hua Tianming reappeared not far away. He stood on a chess piece, holding a sword, and a smile hung on his heroic face.
The smile was friendly, but it also meant that he was going all out!
"Sigh …"
Even the broken sword sighed inwardly.
"Luo Zheng is completely suppressed. I've done my best." The sword had been nourished by Chaotic Qi. It could be said that it had received a favor from Luo Zheng. Earlier, it had fully cooperated with Luo Zheng.
Alas, Hua Tianming was ridiculously powerful. It could not do anything now.
Hua Tianming's retreat gave Luo Zheng a chance to think, even though it was a short one.
Luo Zheng's preparations for the Illusory Battlefield were ample.
Among his Second Senior Brother's three cultivation methods, Thunder Tribulation Kill and Eight Zigzags Smoke were used to their full potential. However, at this moment, they were useless against Hua Tianming.
He had not used the Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book. Hence, the book was used to sever karma and break all laws. When he mastered it in the future, he would be able to dominate the universe. When he cultivated it to the end, he would be able to sever the heavenly will of a Celestial Venerable.
However, he could not use it in the early stages this time. He could not sever the Heavenly Dao rules in the Karma Hall.
At this stage, he was facing Daoists. What they learned and used was the power of the Divine Dao. It was impossible to talk about. It had become a temporary weakness.
The Star of Dark Devouring of the Stellar Battle Body could not swallow Hua Tianming's instantaneous speed.
Facing Hua Tianming …
He could only rely on his sword!
This seemed to be the only way to break it!
The light in Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly dissipated.
In an instant, his entire person became incomparably cold.
"Again!"
It was still the Guiyuanyi Divine Sword …
The sword spirit in Luo Zheng's broken sword was also very helpless at this moment.
It could only try its best to help Luo Zheng fuse the metal-elemental laws and Chaotic Qi more perfectly.
However, a flaw was still a flaw!
As long as he did not step into the Divine Dao, this huge flaw could not be fixed!
Whoosh —
Sizzle …
A golden light flashed. Hua Tianming raised his sword. Like a skilled butcher, he easily shaved out the bones of a cow.
The two rays of light were easily broken by his sword.
Hua Tianming solved it easily, but Luo Zheng was not so relaxed.
Although his Chaotic Qi was incomparably strong, it was also limited.
Luo Zheng used the Primal Chaos Yi Divine Sword with all his strength. Now, it had already consumed 60 to 70 percent of its power.
The Chaotic Sea in his body had shrunk a lot. At the same time, the dense roots of the World Tree were exposed.
"How can I make up for this flaw?" Luo Zheng hovered in the air with his sword. Just as Hua Tianming said, he was afraid that he would have to completely step into the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to be able to fight with him.
At this moment, Hua Tianming jumped up from the chess piece and stepped on the light again.
In an instant, the bright silver light sword slashed down toward Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng held the broken sword horizontally. At this moment, a golden light was emitted from the broken sword and completely enveloped Luo Zheng's body.
Clang!
The two swords collided, and the sound was crisp like a bell.
It blocked Hua Tianming's sword, but a layer of ripples covered Luo Zheng's body.
Clap clap clap clap …
The protective golden light released by the broken sword was originally very strong, but when it came into contact with the ripples, it was forcibly scattered.
Puff puff …
Blood-colored ripples appeared on Luo Zheng's chest.
Although his bones were not injured, Luo Zheng looked even more miserable this time. His entire body was covered in blood!
However, Luo Zheng did not stop at all.
He could withstand this kind of injury.
Since Hua Tianming was already close to him, at least he was not at a disadvantage in terms of sword moves.
Clang clang clang clang …
However, from now on, every time Luo Zheng received an attack, a large wavy wound would appear on his body. It was a ghastly sight. There was not a single part of his body that was intact.
"It's over."
Hua Tianming's eyes did not show the slightest bit of reluctance. Luo Zheng could choose to admit defeat at any time. Naturally, he would immediately stop.
If Hua Tianming held back, it would be the greatest insult to Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Hua Tianming had completely gained the upper hand. As long as he used his full strength, Luo Zheng's defeat was already an unchangeable fact.
"Ping!"
"Dragon scales open!
A majestic force was transmitted from Luo Zheng's hand.
After receiving this attack, Hua Tianming's figure retreated more than three kilometers. That force was too strong. He had to do this to disperse it.
The power of the dragon scales could not be used against Hua Tianming.
However, the distance of three kilometers was only a moment for him. This kind of resistance was also futile.
However, Luo Zheng, who had fallen into the Emotion Severing Realm, was like a puppet. He used the simplest of thoughts to search for every detail to defeat Hua Tianming.
Perhaps he could not win, but he would not give up.
However, just as Hua Tianming was about to move forward again, Luo Zheng, who was floating motionlessly in the air, suddenly transmitted a powerful will.

Chapter 1371
This crystal was in the shape of a cross, with sharp edges.
Its entire body was suffused with an illusory blue, as if it was a piece of mysterious ice that had been frozen for ten thousand years.
If Luo Zheng were to look within himself, he would see a strange, faintly discernible thing suspended in the air above his inner world …
It disappeared in an instant, and then reappeared in an instant, like a blinking star.
At the same time …
The aura that Luo Zheng transmitted was the same!
In an instant, he was like a true god descending to earth.
But in the next instant, that imposing aura disappeared without a trace ….
This scene was extremely strange!
Even so, Hua Tianming didn't dare to rashly approach …
That aura was so powerful that it seemed to have turned Luo Zheng into the center of a storm. If he were to approach within a hundred feet, he would probably be crushed by that aura!
Even though he was thousands of feet away, Hua Tianming's heart was throbbing incessantly. It was as if he was in an extremely cold place, or at the bottom of the deep sea. The endless pressure made it difficult for him to stand!
He suddenly waved Sword Tengshe and stabbed it directly into the chessboard, while he himself stood behind the sword.
"Hum …"
A sharp light spread out, accompanied by layers of ripples.
With such resistance, Hua Tianming finally felt a little better. However, there was a special expression in his eyes as he looked at Luo Zheng. Apart from that, there was also a trace of helplessness …
"I knew you wouldn't be so weak, but you shouldn't be so strong either …"
In Hua Tianming's opinion, Luo Zheng's aura was already so strong that it was somewhat ridiculous!
Apart from Hua Tianming, the several Dao Children floating above the chessboard also had very ugly expressions at this moment.
Even though the chessboard was protected by the rules, Luo Zheng's aura still exerted a strong pressure on them …
This kind of pressure wasn't deliberately released.
It was like a lion king appearing in a group of beasts. Even if that lion king remained silent, it would still form a powerful deterrent to the surrounding beasts!
"This … what is this!"
Just now, Luo Zheng had been forced to the limit by Hua Tianming.
Even his chaotic aura was almost exhausted.
However, his Emotion-Severing Divine Dao was ultimately not perfect. Losing to Hua Tianming was already an unavoidable matter.
But at that moment, Luo Zheng suddenly had an extremely special comprehension in his heart. It was as if someone had placed a thought in his heart ….
And this feeling … still existed even now.
It appeared in an instant and disappeared in an instant.
It was as if there was someone in his inner world breathing at the speed of an instant, constantly inhaling and exhaling.
With his inner vision, Luo Zheng saw a bright blue light in the center of his inner world, as well as a flickering crystal.
A portion of the Primal Chaos Qi soared into the air and flowed below the crystal, forming an eight-trigram wheel that supported the crystal …
"What is this …"
"Why would the Primal Chaos Aura be attracted by the crystal and take such a shape?"
Luo Zheng tried to control that small portion of Chaos Qi, but he found that it was completely out of his control.
"What the hell happened to you …"
A thought came from the broken sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
This sword also had its own pride. It wasn't too willing to be controlled by someone other than the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
Even when the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wanted it to borrow Luo Zheng to repair it and lend it to Luo Zheng, it didn't exchange a single word with Luo Zheng.
At this moment, however, it couldn't help but …
From the very beginning, the sword had been giving off a strange feeling.
As if Luo Zheng had turned into a true god!
This feeling was extremely absurd and unbelievable, but it was extremely real.
It was as if the originally bright red sun had suddenly turned blue one day. If the sun had turned into this color, no one would believe it, but that blue sun had appeared in front of everyone.
Luo Zheng gave everyone the feeling that they had accidentally stepped into some kind of illusion, giving rise to an unbelievable illusion.
How could he be so powerful …
The mysterious girl at the top of the clouds looked at Luo Zheng in a daze.
She had been in control of the Heavenly Dao for three epochs.
In every epoch, there would be a great era war.
When the great era arrived, those super geniuses would desperately jump out as if they didn't need money. However, in the previous rounds of the Illusory Battlefield, there hadn't been so many accidents in the final showdown!
"That's the power emitted by the godhood …"
"He actually formed the Instant godhood! That's too surprising. "
"This kind of phenomenon is extremely rare even in the Realm of the Gods …"
"He doesn't have a godhood disk. How can he support the Instant godhood?"
The godhood wasn't an isolated existence …
If he didn't rely on the godhood disk to support it, he could directly cause his inner world to explode!
This wasn't the first time she had doubts. It was just that this time, she couldn't understand at all. Therefore, a series of questions arose …
Before stepping into the Divine Dao, it was indeed possible to form the Instant godhood.
This kind of godhood wasn't a true godhood. It was just a godhood that had descended once. It was extremely unstable. Therefore, it appeared in an instant and disappeared in an instant …
But in theory, the current Luo Zheng was a true god!
The people inside the picture scroll could feel Luo Zheng's power and transformation. However, the countless martial artists outside the picture scroll couldn't see this scene …
"What the hell is going on!"
"Why did that guy Hua Tianming wither all of a sudden! He ran so far away! "
"Does this Luo Zheng want to eat people!? I'm betting everything on Hua Tianming! "
Countless martial artists couldn't understand why Hua Tianming, who had been as fierce as a lion and tiger just a moment ago, had fled far away at this moment.
Even some Empyreans couldn't understand what was happening inside the picture scroll at this moment …
But Luo Zheng liked this feeling very much.
From that azure cross-shaped crystal, he could feel an unprecedented power.
There were countless cultivation methods in this universe, but no matter how many variations there were, they still remained the same. When these cultivation methods were used, they more or less gave Luo Zheng a strong sense of familiarity.
But the power within this cross-shaped crystal was completely different. The power within it was very unfamiliar.
He couldn't see what laws were contained within it, nor did he know how compatible this power was …
Luo Zheng only knew that this power was very strong, very strong!
"How to use this power …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly.
A wisp of primal chaos energy was extracted by Luo Zheng …
And this wisp of primal chaos energy directly drilled into the round wheel in the center. After passing through the round wheel, it once again entered that cross-shaped crystal!
Whoosh!
After passing through that cross-shaped crystal, the originally grayish-brown primal chaos energy was plated with a layer of blue radiance!
Just as this wisp of primal chaos energy left Luo Zheng's inner world and spread towards Luo Zheng's chest, an invisible frost spread out from his body. The entire Heaven and Earth Chessboard was plated with a thick layer of frost!
The chess pieces, the chessboard, Sword Tengshe, and Hua Tianming were instantly sealed with a thin layer of azure ice!
Beep beep …
Hua Tianming shook his shoulders, and his body suddenly shook.
The thin layer of ice cracked in an instant and slid towards his body, smashing onto the ground and turning into countless snowflakes.
This thin layer of ice didn't pose any threat to Hua Tianming, but just a trace of its power was enough to freeze heaven and earth. Luo Zheng's transformation posed a considerable threat to him.
"This is also the power of the Divine Dao …"
"You cultivate the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, so why did the Dao of the Cold Mirror Divine Dao appear at the same time …"
Hua Tianming couldn't figure it out. He didn't know much about the Realm of the Gods, and all his knowledge came from the records in Chiyou's treasure.
How could he tell that Luo Zheng had actually condensed an Instant Godhood?
The Instant Godhood only existed for an instant.
Originally, some True Gods in God's Domain would have this kind of unexpected phenomenon. They already had a Divinity, but in a short period of time, another Divinity would suddenly appear, and the new Divinity would even occupy the Divinity Plate.
But there was a prerequisite for the Instant Godhood to appear, and that was to have a Godhood Plate.
Without a Divine Spark Disk, if an Instantaneous Divine Spark was accidentally born, the only outcome would be that one's inner world would explode. In other words, the Dantian world would shatter. To a martialist, this was akin to becoming useless.
But when this Instant Godhood appeared, a part of the Chaotic Qi in Luo Zheng's body temporarily replaced it, turning into a Godhood Plate!
So far, even in the Realm of the Gods, there wasn't a proper explanation as to why the Instant Godhood was born.
To a True God, the Instant Godhood might not be of much use. After all, they already had a Godhood, but the Divine Dao they pursued was completely different.
But to Luo Zheng, it was extremely useful.
Not to mention the power in the Godhood, when he waved his sword again, the Dao of the Cold Mirror Divine Dao dyed the broken sword in his hand with a touch of icy blue light. The cold air that lingered around Luo Zheng's body turned into an ice lotus that slowly bloomed.
A touch of sword essence was formed.
(I recommend a book, Wu Yu Cang Qiong, by Gu Shiyue. ^ _ ^ It can be found on the front page of the Bookstore under the Male Selection section! It's written very well, everyone can take a look!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1372
Because he had not stepped into the Divine Path, Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword had never been complete, leaving that flaw …
He also knew that the sword in his hand was also trying its best to help him make up for this flaw.
However, this flaw came from his Emotion Severing Divine Path. It was because he had not fully comprehended it, so it was impossible to completely make up for it.
In addition, the sharpness of Hua Tianming's sword was far beyond imagination!
It keenly captured Luo Zheng's flaw and easily cut his Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword from the middle …
However, it was different at this moment.
He could feel that there was a powerful Taoist Connotation hidden in the extremely cold energy.
It was not the Emotion Severing Divine Path …
However, after this Dao Connotation was mixed into the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword, it almost completely made up for that flaw.
Perhaps it could no longer be described as making up for it.
The Dao Connotation was far purer and stronger than Luo Zheng's Emotion Severing Divine Path. It even completely changed the attributes of Luo Zheng's sword!
"Hum …"
With this sword, Luo Zheng slashed at Hua Tianming, and a vast chill spread out.
This sword light was divided into three layers. The outermost layer was the ice-blue sword light, and the inner layer was the law of gold and chaotic energy. It contained the two-colored sword light of gold and gray!
Facing this sword, the fighting spirit in Hua Tianming's eyes was like two balls of fire suddenly exploding!
His fighting spirit began to burn!
It was almost impossible for him to take this sword, but it did not mean that he would give up!
"Puff!"
He reached out and grabbed Tengshe's sword. As he turned it upside down, his other hand wiped the sword's edge!
Hot blood spurted out, and the blood splattered out, instantly freezing into red blood clots in the air.
The temperature on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth was extremely low.
Hua Tianming frowned slightly, and a flame suddenly appeared in his hand. He grabbed the blood clot and instantly melted it, drawing it with blood!
Thirteen blood talismans appeared in the air in front of him!
"Hiss …"
These blood talismans were all Hua Tianming's blood essence.
Using blood essence to activate the Blood Spirit Talisman was also a technique he had obtained from Chiyou's treasure!
As soon as these thirteen blood talismans were formed, they quickly evaporated into a dense blood-colored mist, coiling around Tengshe's sword!
The moment he held the sword, a blood-colored light rushed into the sky. That blood-colored light was filled with Hua Tianming's will!
Hua Tianming's face, which was originally pale, his face turned red, and his aura instantly, his aura.
All who raise their swords have white heads, and the three-foot green snake cannot be coiled.
At this moment, in Hua Tianming's mind.
In the first year of the Chaos, the Chaos calendar was on the third day of Dingmao.
Only a single divine epoch had passed since the Primal Chaos was created.
Chi You said it was too crowded here.
The Good Fortune Axe had been shattered by Bing Yin a day ago …
It was too difficult to open up a space.
Then, Chiyou ascended the Nine Storeys Pagoda and ordered the Soaring Serpent to enter his sword. Sweeping up the wind and thunder divine art, he released the Heavenly Sword Picture and slashed toward the south.
One sword for thirty paths, one path for a million miles.
With this sword strike, Chiyou slashed apart the primordial chaos for 15 million kilometers.
It was still too small.
Therefore, he slashed from Ding Sanri to Geng Wuyue.
He slashed a total of 100,000 times!
More than half of the Southern Dipper Divine Realm was opened by Chi You alone. He asked someone to plant the Seeking Wood to stabilize that space.
The sword in his hand could be said to be the Heaven-Opening Sword!
Even an existence like Chi You felt tired after slashing 100,000 times with an unimaginable divine ability and fell into a deep sleep.
This sword had the power to split the heavens, and this Tengshe had the power to split the heavens.
Heavenly Sword Diagram.
It was just the four essential parts of the Heaven-Opening Sword Diagram.
It was just a key that was passed down with the wind and was picked up by Hua Tianming...
. From the moment Hua Tianming picked up this key, his fate had a direction. He was no longer ordinary.
He advanced step by step from the Eastern Region to the clouds. After several years of training, he obtained Chiyou's treasure.
That was a person's treasure, and it was also an inheritance that he had to obtain.
This fate was like a nail that was carved into his future after he comprehended the Heavenly Sword Diagram.
The Heaven-Opening Sword Diagram was too complicated.
The splitting of the heavens referred to in it was not limited to this round of Heavenly Dao.
Although the universe was big, it was not endless.
In the face of the infinite chaos, it could be said to be insignificant.
To Chi You, the Sword Art of Beginning was a basic sword art!
Hua Tianming had cultivated it to the small success stage. Now that he had broken through the small success stage, he might be able to break through to the large success stage.
This progress was fast enough.
However, up until now, Hua Tianming had only comprehended half of the Heaven-Opening Sword Catalog.
"This move is called Flawless Southern Dipper..
On the sixth day of the seventh month, Chi You fell into a deep sleep, and a divine era passed.
The time of the gods was different from what Hua Tianming knew.
He only knew that the time span of a divine era was unimaginable.
After waking up, he saw the blue sky, white clouds, and vast waves of smoke. He happened to have comprehended the 100,000 swords, so he named the sword move Flawless Southern Dipper, which meant perfection.
Although it was only half a move, facing Luo Zheng's sword, he had to use it.
He could lose blood essence, not to mention that it was not a big deal to lose blood essence in this Illusory Battlefield.
If he missed this battle with Luo Zheng, it would be difficult to have another chance.
Tengshe's sword floated up, and the color of the blood-red light suddenly changed, emitting thousands of colors...
. A rainbow suddenly rolled out. Under the rainbow, there was a world of flowers. Everywhere in that world was beautiful and beautiful. It was the holy realm that everyone yearned for.
Xi Youqin knelt on the chess piece. She originally wanted to praise, but the aura released from Luo Zheng's body made it difficult for her to speak.
People outside the painting naturally could not bear Luo Zheng's pressure.
"So beautiful!"
Countless women praised.
Their gazes fell on the rainbow, and their eyes seemed to be glued. That holy realm painting seemed to have a strange demonic nature.
No matter the realm, no matter how strong or weak the divine soul, they were all unable to move their gazes away.
It seemed that if they missed that scene, they would regret it for the rest of their lives.
Hua Tianming stood in it, with sword-like eyebrows, starry eyes, red lips, and white teeth. Facing all living beings in the world, he also exuded a strong attraction, especially the thousands of women.
He waved his sword. The sword came out.
Southern Dipper Flawless.
The essence of the Heaven Opening Sword.
It was only half a move, but it was perfect beyond imagination.
"Hum …"
That rainbow was slashed out from Hua Tianming's Tengshe's sword. Wherever the sword rainbow passed, it also outlined a beautiful holy realm.
This holy realm was not complete.
If it was complete, it would shine with the holy realm's brilliance, and the scenes in it would dance.
Hua Tianming only cultivated half a move, and what he displayed was only a still scene.
It seemed a little rigid to him, but in the eyes of others, it was extremely beautiful.
This scene did not exist for long.
Because Southern Dipper Flawless's sword soon collided with Gui Yuanyi's divine sword.
"Clang!"
When the two sword lights collided, the scene began to shake violently.
The two sword lights were almost in a stalemate, and the result was decided in an instant.
Hua Tianming could not dissect Luo Zheng's sword.
Hua Tianming could not break Gui Yuanyi's divine sword that was sealed with a complete Divine Path.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's sword was actually performed with the help of the power of that moment's godhood. Although there was still a huge gap between it and a True God, it was definitely not something that Hua Tianming could resist.
"Pop …"
That ice-blue sword light was like a pair of scissors, slashing along Hua Tianming's "Southern Dipper Flawless".
All the scenes shattered, accompanied by waves of exclamations in the world.
Beauty was short-lived after all, just like fireworks that only bloomed for a moment.
Many warriors closed their eyes. They could not bear to see that scene shatter.
Gui Yuanyi's divine sword slashed through that world.
Hua Tianming, who was unable to resist, still raised the sword in his hand. He still wanted to use the sword edge to cut Luo Zheng's sword light.
But when he slashed down again, he could not even break the layer of ice-blue on the surface of the sword light.
"Pop!"
The sword light pierced through his chest.
At this moment, there was no regret on Hua Tianming's face.
He had already done his best, but in the end, he was still defeated by Luo Zheng. But even if he was defeated, it was still a joyful thing for him.
People could not lose sight of their goals. Luo Zheng was Hua Tianming's most important goal.
He believed that this kind of opportunity would appear again.
In this battle, Luo Zheng won!
Many people in the world were very gloomy.
They still did not believe in Luo Zheng's strength. In comparison, they seemed to believe in Hua Tianming more.
As a result, the bookmakers in the world, big and small, had probably made a lot of money in this round.
As for the gamblers who had bet on Hua Tianming, they probably wanted to cry but had no tears.

Chapter 1373
There were some gamblers in the universe who bet on Luo Zheng. They were ecstatic to become rich overnight.
However, no matter if it was the loser, the winner, or the banker, they didn't know that this was their last chance to celebrate.
This was the last period of peace for the entire universe, the last period of peace for all the martial artists of the one hundred thousand great worlds. Soon, the entire universe would be plunged into panic and upheaval.
"No matter what, this was a wonderful battle!"
"Can the Sector Lord take Luo Zheng's sword attack?"
"Haha, you must be joking. After all, he is only a Divine Sea Realm warrior. It is impossible for him to defeat a Sector Lord who is three realms above him …"
"Indeed! But to be honest, this sword attack can kill a Divinity Transformation Realm warrior. A Divine Sea Realm warrior killing a Divinity Transformation Realm warrior is already incredible! "
After Luo Zheng won the battle against Hua Tianming, both of them sat on the chess pieces and closed their eyes to meditate …
One was to recover their True Yuan, and the other was to meditate.
This kind of battle where one's body was pushed to the limit was the easiest time to have an epiphany.
Before, Hua Tianming's Impeccable Southern Dipper sword attack didn't block Luo Zheng's sword attack that was close to True God level, but it was a great training for his state of mind.
After absorbing some Zhen Yuanyu, he fell into meditation.
Luo Zheng's recovery was more troublesome.
The chaotic energy was much more condensed than True Yuan. Although Luo Zheng had absorbed a lot of Zhen Yuanyu, there wasn't much left after he used the chaotic energy to devour it …
In fact, with the current characteristics of the chaotic energy, it could devour everything in the world and transform them.
But now, he was bound on the chess piece, so it wasn't suitable for him to do so.
Half of the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand had been consumed, and the chaotic energy in his body had only recovered by one-fifth. If nothing unexpected happened, Luo Zheng would have his last battle.
It depended on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's victory …
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng defeated Ku Deng, he would face Luo Zheng to compete for the first place in the Dream Battlefield.
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng lost to Ku Deng, he would face Hua Tianming to compete for second and third place. No matter who won, Luo Zheng would be promoted to first place.
"But the Chaotic Qi still needs to be replenished …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of distress. "And, what exactly is that cross-shaped crystal?"
After defeating Hua Tianming, the cross-shaped crystal flickered and disappeared into Luo Zheng's Inner World.
The Chaos Qi that had condensed into a round disk also scattered.
It was as if he had never appeared before. He brought Luo Zheng this victory, but also brought him a bellyful of doubts.
At that time, Luo Zheng had also sensed his own aura and released a strong change at that moment. The power contained within the cross-shaped crystal had already surpassed the limits of the universe. However, Luo Zheng had never controlled this cross-shaped crystal. It appeared in an instant and disappeared in an instant …
Confused, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flash.
He felt a tremendous flow of Heaven and Earth Original Qi pouring down from the top of his head!
That strand of Heaven Earth Yuan Qi was extremely fine, directly passing down from the top of Luo Zheng's head and spreading through his meridians. Finally, like a river gathering in the sea, it flowed into Luo Zheng's inner world and was finally swallowed up by the chaotic energy.
"This is …"
Luo Zheng raised his head to look. The thick clouds in the sky were moving slowly, but he couldn't see any movement.
Most likely, it's her. Luo Zheng smiled.
At this moment …
Ku Deng and Xuanyuan Chenfeng had stepped into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
The positions of their chess pieces were very strange …
The black chess pieces in the Central Sky Chessboard had been swallowed. At this moment, the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was in its final stage.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's white chess piece was placed in the Central Sky Chessboard.
This move caused Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face to blossom with a bright smile.
To him, it was a great turning point!
The situation on the chessboard was too complicated. Even though Xuanyuan Chenfeng was good at chess, he couldn't see through this move.
Before this, many people who were good at chess thought that the strength of the chess player was just ordinary.
However, after the dust settled, it was a great turning point. It directly changed the whole situation of the white chess pieces, and also changed Xuanyuan Chenfeng's fate!
"I will still win." Standing on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face showed his pride. His belief was unprecedentedly strong …
Only when he believed in himself could he move forward courageously. This was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's absolute confidence.
However, this absolute confidence was shaken by the battle between Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng!
The geniuses in Gods No Thoughts could represent all the geniuses in the entire universe. Among them, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was an invincible existence.
In the last three hundred battles, he had regarded Lie Qianhan as his biggest opponent. An opponent who had been defeated by him, he didn't need to be afraid of him.
The first place was almost at his fingertips.
However, after the battle between the two of them, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's state of mind was greatly shaken.
These two guys, where did these evildoers come from? How could they have such strong strength …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was most afraid of losing his confidence.
For him, confidence was equal to strength!
The most hateful thing was that the two of them had messed up the chess game, but the guy on the cloud didn't return to the chessboard. The whole chessboard was in a mess. Was this chess game still valid?
Since he couldn't rely on others, he could only rely on himself.
After defeating Ku Deng, he could face Luo Zheng directly. Then, Ku Deng could only compete with Qing Yu for the fourth place. He just hoped that the guy on the cloud could finish the last few moves smoothly …
However, Ku Deng's strength couldn't be underestimated.
Among the first five people, the strength that each of them showed couldn't be underestimated. Qing Yu, Ku Deng, Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't help but sigh. At the critical moment, these guys came out. What kind of world was this …
Ku Deng's face was as calm as always.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't reveal his trump card, but a person's reputation was like a tree's shadow. The title of the first Dao child wasn't that easy to obtain.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng stepped onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, Ku Deng raised the Buddhist staff in his hand.
The nine rings on the Buddhist staff had been cut off by Hua Tianming. When the staff was raised, a bloody smell gushed out from it.
"Asura!"
"Phew …"
Ku Deng, who originally had a kind face, now looked extremely ferocious, like a beast instead of a human. His body grew taller by half, and his eyes revealed a ferocious look.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng also knew that Ku Deng wasn't the same as the previous opponents. It was impossible to defeat him just by being perfunctory …
Therefore, Xuanyuan Chenfeng finally became serious. This was the first time he became serious.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng took out a spear from the Sumeru space. It was a fiery red spear.
"This Xuanyuan Chenfeng also has a weapon?"
"He doesn't use weapons, does he?"
"Who said that he can't use weapons …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was different from Hua Tianming. Hua Tianming always carried a sword on his back and didn't use it. Naturally, everyone was very confused. At the same time, they thought that he was showing off.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng never showed his weapon. In addition, this guy's palm strike was so sharp. Therefore, the first impression was strongest. They thought that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was fighting with his bare hands.
Some warriors practiced special techniques, for example, those who specialized in palm techniques and fist techniques. It wasn't strange that they didn't use weapons.
Therefore, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng took out his spear, everyone was puzzled …
At the moment when he pulled out his spear, Bitter Lamp stepped on a chess piece, and with a huge force pushing him forward, he took the initiative to launch an attack!
"The little monk finally lost his composure."
"It's over. In this kind of battle, the one who loses his footing first will definitely lose …"
"Not necessarily. Maybe this Xuanyuan Chenfeng is also an embroidered pillow."
While everyone was talking, Ku Deng had already shot towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng who was standing with his spear.
Under this rapid rush, Ku Deng's figure suddenly stopped. The stop was very sudden. Even the warriors who were watching the picture scroll couldn't keep up with it.
After stopping, Ku Deng suddenly retreated more than ten feet. He changed his angle and rushed again. Then, he stopped again.
On the other hand, Xuanyuan Chenfeng only held the long spear in his hand, the tip of the spear facing the Bitter Lamp. If the Bitter Lamp changed its angle, he would only slightly tilt it, adjusting the direction of the tip of his spear.
Ku Deng's Constellation Eyes could see the future.
This time, he changed his position more than ten times. No matter which direction he rushed from, the Constellation Eyes could see the scene after three breaths.

Chapter 1374
Ku Deng's Buddha heart was extremely stable.
There was an ancient glass bell in the Hidden Spirit Temple. Every time the bell was rung, six illusions would appear, endless reincarnation.
To train the Buddha heart, one had to experience the test of six reincarnations …
The core disciples of the Hidden Spirit Temple were qualified to enter the ancient glass bell every month to ring the bell and train the Buddha heart.
One month was the upper limit of the core disciples. Ordinary Buddhist disciples couldn't enter.
The six illusions of the bell tested the Buddha heart deeply. If one entered it frequently, the Buddha heart would collapse easily …
However, when Ku Deng entered it, he rang the bell once a day for four days!
When he left the ancient glass bell, his Buddha heart had entered the realm of openness.
Since the Hidden Spirit Temple was built, Ku Deng was the only one who could bear it continuously for four hundred days without collapsing.
His Buddha heart was so stable, but because he saw something that didn't happen, his Buddha heart was shaken!
Ku Deng had comprehended great wisdom, great courage, and great fearlessness.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear seemed to be able to destroy his Buddha heart.
He circled around Xuanyuan Chenfeng unceasingly. The Constellation Eyes saw the same scene.
Using one spear to kill him!
Every time he looked at the scene after three breaths, it was as if a heavy hammer had struck his Buddhist heart, causing his chest to feel stuffy. Gradually, his originally rosy round face also became pale, like a piece of white paper ….
Xuanyuan Chenfeng held the spear in his hand, his face calm!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
The Bitter Lantern revolved around Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng stood still, his long spear aimed at Ku Deng.
After a dozen or so laps around the mountain.
"Puff!"
A mouthful of blood spurted out from Ku Deng's mouth, but he eventually stopped.
This scene made the people outside the scroll dumbstruck again.
"They didn't fight. How could Ku Deng get hurt?"
"I don't understand it anymore …"
"What kind of evil technique does Xuanyuan Chenfeng know?"
Ordinary evil techniques couldn't be used in this situation, especially Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Especially people like Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who didn't understand and disdained to use those evil techniques …
Ku Deng, who was standing still, put his palms together and closed his eyes.
The scene remained the same after three breaths. Regardless of which direction he attacked from, the final result was the same.
If he forcefully attacked, that spear might really shatter his Buddha-heart!
No one would die in this Illusory Battlefield, but what was restored was only the physical body. If his state of mind was affected, it would bring unnecessary trouble to his Buddha's heart.
"Little monk, I admit defeat." Bitter Lamp saluted with one hand. He actually admitted defeat directly …
"What? He actually admitted defeat! "
"This little monk is useless... He didn't even fight before admitting defeat. What a good-for-nothing!"
"Scared before the battle? Haha, I thought that the Hidden Spirit Temple had cultivated some kind of peerless genius!"
In the battle for the top ten, almost no one chose to admit defeat directly.
Everyone's strength was unfathomable, and no one was willing to submit to the other. In the end, they had to fight to the death.
Of course, Xi Youqin was an exception. Since she entered the top 10, she had been watching the show …
Hearing Ku Deng's words, Xuanyuan Chenfeng shook the spear in his hand. After circling it twice, he put it into his Sumeru Space, turned around, and flew up into the sky.
Ku Deng's face revealed a trace of loneliness. He shook his head and flew back to the chess piece.
Since he dared to admit defeat, he naturally knew how others would criticize him. However, he firmly believed that his choice was correct.
"Brother Tianming, what do you think?" The way Xuanyuan Chenfeng held the spear had left a deep impression on Luo Zheng. It seemed to give people a kind of great threat.
With only one spear, he could force Ku Deng to admit defeat directly. Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel that it was unimaginable …
Hua Tianming shook his head and looked serious. "This guy's strength seems to be very special!" Now that Xuanyuan Chenfeng defeated Ku Deng, he would compete with Luo Zheng for the first place. If Luo Zheng won, Xuanyuan Chenfeng would compete with Hua Tianming for the second place. Hua Tianming naturally focused on analyzing.
"How is it special?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "I can't say. I just feel that his movements are very strange …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
It was indeed so …
The way Xuanyuan Chenfeng stood with his spear looked very normal. However, the position of his spear, its height, the angle of its tip, and so on all gave people a special feeling.
That kind of feeling was hard for Luo Zheng to describe. It was as if he was standing there, but not there!
However, Luo Zheng would be able to solve it soon. Because in the next battle, Luo Zheng should be facing this person!
"Luo Zheng against Xuanyuan Chenfeng. This round, for Luo Zheng, is a fight for the first place." The mysterious girl's cold voice sounded again.
This battle was the most crucial battle in the War of Dreams …
This was a fight for the number one person in the universe, and also the main character of this great era!
According to the speculations of many Empyreans, if the number one person became the number one person, the entire Heavenly Dao would be reversed. Luck would also be greatly affected.
Countless gazes were focused on this battle …
In the Fiend Night Clan, Yao's expression was very ugly.
Her battle with Xun was just a step away, a grain of sand missing …
At first, Luo Zheng only had the fate of a great era. At that time, Yao felt a faint sense of threat.
However, there were tens of thousands of people with such fate in the entire universe. Everything depended on the result of the real battle.
However, the result was so cruel …
Luo Zheng was actually able to fight with the Dao disciple of the Xuanyuan family for first place!
This person was really unstoppable!
"How can Xun be so lucky?!" Yao's appearance was extremely beautiful, but there was always a hint of ruthlessness in her eyes. She was born with a fierce appearance!
If Luo Zheng really obtained first place, it would be impossible for her to keep forcing Luo Zheng into the Immortal Abode.
However, for her to watch Luo Zheng come back with Xun in his current state?
That was also impossible!
Xun, who was in the Immortal Abode, did not know.
This was probably the most boring period of Xun's life …
There was no illusory space in the Immortal Abode. Naturally, she could not see Luo Zheng's ranking, let alone the magnificent painting.
Mu Mingxue had also entered the Illusory Battlefield, but she was quickly eliminated. She did not know what had happened.
In the past few days, there had been more roaring voices in the universe.
Occasionally, Heavenly Venerables would mention Luo Zheng …
Some were praises, while others were curses.
Based on this, it could be inferred that Luo Zheng had entered the final stage.
No one knew how many places he could obtain. If he could get into the top ten, it would be easy. However, his accumulation was probably not comparable to those of the great clans.
Xun sat on one side of the octagonal pavilion. She stretched out the tip of her foot and spread out a little ripple in the pool. Through the ripples, she was lost in thought as she looked at the huge goldfish in the pool.
She, who had always been decisive, rarely showed this kind of expression. Xun also felt that, after staying by Luo Zheng's side for several years, her temperament had changed a lot.
She was no longer the Queen who controlled killing. Instead, she was like a woman who did not belong to the world. She was extremely dependent on Luo Zheng …
…
Xuanyuan Chenfeng once again stood on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
After observing the battle between Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, he was very afraid of Luo Zheng!
That extremely cold Dao Connotation had even suppressed Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart of martial arts. His unbreakable confidence had also been shaken.
He was afraid that even a True God could not compare to it!
At that moment, Luo Zheng almost made Xuanyuan Chenfeng doubt his life's struggle.
Fortunately, not long after, Luo Zheng's aura disappeared, along with his Dao Connotation.
He did not know how Luo Zheng did it, but he had a judgment in his heart. It seemed that Luo Zheng could not control this ability. It seemed that he was forced out by Hua Tianming!
He observed very carefully, because at that moment, he saw that Luo Zheng's face showed doubts!
If it was just like that, it would be easy to explain.
Luo Zheng's sword was powerful, but it could still be defeated!
"Pa pa!"
When the two of them landed, two more chess pieces landed.
Seeing where the two chess pieces landed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was wild with joy. The heavens were really helping him!
Luo Zheng saw Xuanyuan Chenfeng's joy, but he showed a cold expression. Before, Xuanyuan Chenfeng used the chess pieces as an excuse to talk nonsense, which made Luo Zheng very unhappy. This guy's mouth could not spit out ivory.
"Haha, it seems that sometimes it will be fated," Xuanyuan Chenfeng laughed and said.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1375
When Luo Zheng placed a black piece, it was the black piece.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng placed a white piece, it was the white piece …
Now, there were many clever moves on the chessboard. After the white pieces were placed, they were completely connected, forming a big living eye!
The "big dragon" that was destroyed by the black pieces earlier was faintly appearing at this moment!
And Xuanyuan Chenfeng's piece was the finishing touch!
"What a dreamy start. It seems that you are destined to lose this battle." Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled faintly. "And look over there …"
As he spoke, he stretched out his hand and pointed at a few pieces. "These pieces were placed by Xi Youqin before. They were originally separated from each other, but now they are connected to form the power of the Red Luan, and its power is directed at me!"
Luo Zheng knew that this guy's dog mouth couldn't spit out ivory. He couldn't see the power of the Red Luan.
"And then?" Luo Zheng asked expressionlessly.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression revealed a touch of pride. "My fate is directed by the Heavenly Dao. There is a principle that I don't know if you understand or not. These deductions of fate will happen, and it will eventually become history! As the saying goes, the power of the Heavenly Dao is vast and mighty. Those who go with the flow will prosper, and those who go against it will die! How can you block it? "
"Whoosh!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng took out the red tasseled spear. The tip of the spear suddenly shook, and it surged. "If you are tactful, understand your situation, and understand what to do, then naturally don't make things difficult for Youqin!"
This person … his skin was already thick to a certain extent.
"Hey! I am not familiar with you. What right do you have to say that about me and Luo Zheng? "Xi Youqin was instantly angry.
She could ignore the previous matters. This Xuanyuan Chenfeng was baffling from the first time they met, but he was clearly persuading Luo Zheng to leave her!
Xi Youqin could tolerate other matters, but this was the only matter that made her the most angry. Thus, she didn't hold back and said, "You think you're the Heavenly Dao and no one will stop you. However, Luo Zheng is my husband. Who has anything to do with you? You're so big and full of big words, yet you don't even understand this little bit of logic. Although the universe is big, I'm afraid it's not as big as the heart you lack! "
As a woman, she was indeed more skilled than a man when it came to insulting others. Xi Youqin originally did not have such a sharp tongue, but after cultivating in the Indefinite Tower and spending a long time with her Senior Sisters, she could be said to be influenced by the company she kept.
When this string of words was thrown out, the countless cultivators in the Great Worlds immediately burst into laughter.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng could be considered a beauty in the eyes of countless women. However, after being ridiculed by Xi Youqin, his face turned red and white. He was indeed unable to hold himself back.
As a result, he once again fell into a kind of doubt. He doubted his own charm and lost his confidence …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart of martial arts was originally supported by absolute confidence. He believed that he could have whatever he wanted and that he could do it. He would definitely succeed! In this universe, there was nothing that he couldn't do if he put in the effort!
Xi Youqin's words dealt a blow to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's state of mind. It was even stronger than when Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming fought. The strength that erupted from them was a blow to him!
"This … is just fate. I'm just speaking the truth." Xuanyuan Chenfeng lost his confidence for the first time in front of a woman.
Xi Youqin sneered and said, "Speaking the truth also depends on the occasion. Besides, this divination of fate is just a divination in the end. In the end, it hasn't happened yet. I gave you a reference and you rushed up to it. Are you stupid?"
"…" Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't speak. It wasn't that he didn't have anything to refute, but looking at Xi Youqin's slightly excited expression, he instinctively didn't know what to say.
After seeing Xuanyuan Chenfeng shut up, Xi Youqin coldly snorted and turned to face Luo Zheng with a beautiful smile. "Husband! Do your best! "
Previously, she had been calling Luo Zheng, but now, she sweetly called him husband.
In the Jade Pure Holy Land, Ning Yudie couldn't help but have goosebumps when she heard this. The disappointment in her clever eyes gradually became stronger.
She wasn't jealous of Xi Youqin's achievements. She just envied Xi Youqin for being able to stand side by side with Luo Zheng. Ning Yudie's soft lips gently bit, and there was also a kind of unwillingness gradually rising from her face.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Xi Youqin. After nodding, he raised the broken sword in his hand.
This sword could only be returned to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao after this battle!
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that as soon as he raised the sword, a gust of wind blew in his face. That gust of wind was vigorous, and it was like a big stone smashing towards his face!
It was Xuanyuan Chenfeng who directly made his move!
He was probably angered by Xi Youqin …
In terms of speed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was slower than Hua Tianming. When he jumped up, he dived down. The spear in his hand didn't stab towards Luo Zheng, but directly smashed towards Luo Zheng with the tip of the spear!
It was a fierce smash without any pattern …
"This guy, how much resentment does he have to do this?" Luo Zheng was also somewhat speechless.
A white mist appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. With a slight sway, he used Eight Paths Flying Smoke and easily dodged this fierce smash!
"Boom!"
The tip of the spear was only two fingers wide and three inches long.
However, the force of this spear smashing down was not weak at all!
The place where Luo Zheng was standing just now directly collapsed, forming a huge pit that continuously spread towards the surroundings!
Luo Zheng's figure had already floated to the other side of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
"Whoosh!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng raised his spear up high. His figure was like a shuttle as he rapidly flew forward, leaving behind afterimages as he closed in on Luo Zheng. Once again, he stabbed out with his spear.
Luo Zheng didn't care at all. He circled around the spear. This time, Luo Zheng didn't evade. He actually followed the spear to get close to Xuanyuan Chenfeng. At the same time, he directly slashed towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's head!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng instantly lowered his body to dodge Luo Zheng's slash. He reversed his spear and turned it into a divine dragon's tail. The tail of the spear was like a long staff that whipped towards Luo Zheng.
If an ordinary martial artist was swept by the tail of the spear, they would probably be directly split into two.
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng coldly snorted. A huge force erupted from his hand. He didn't choose to evade!
This Xuanyuan Chenfeng was like a madman. He actually rushed up and chose to engage in close combat. However, who could Luo Zheng defeat in close combat?
"Bang!"
Along with a muffled sound, Luo Zheng's fist, which was filled with the power of the dragon scales, directly smashed onto the tail of the spear.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear technique was indeed extremely solid. It seemed like he specialized in spear techniques. Since the divine dragon's tail was rebounded, he borrowed the momentum to flip over and use the tip of his spear to stab Luo Zheng's face!
The tip of his spear was extremely long and narrow. If it was hit, it would be no different from being slashed by a knife. Moreover, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear was a supreme artifact. If it was hit, perhaps Luo Zheng's skull would be lifted up!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was unhappy. Naturally, he wanted to vent his anger on Luo Zheng.
Regardless of whether this method could deal with Luo Zheng or not, the most important thing right now was to vent his anger!
However, before his spear could reach Xuanyuan Chenfeng, the broken sword in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly shook and pushed the spear away. The huge force also pushed Xuanyuan Chenfeng to stagger.
Taking advantage of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's stagger, Luo Zheng had already sent a fist towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't expect this fist. Caught off guard, he was directly smashed into a corner of the chessboard. He was stuck in the air for a while before slowly sliding down the chessboard.

Chapter 1376
The martial artists who had fought their way to the top ten had almost no weaknesses.
Strength, cultivation methods, martial skills, and speed had all been cultivated to the peak of the Divine Sea realm.
If there was a weakness, the other party might take advantage of it and break it …
Just like the dreamland that Ji Lian Sheng had spread out. In the dreamland, she was an invincible existence, but her own strength wasn't strong.
Once the dreamland was broken, she would become a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body wasn't as strong as Luo Zheng's, but it was extremely tough. He took Luo Zheng's punch without any major problems.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had slid onto the chessboard, was startled for a moment. He seemed to have thought of something and immediately revealed an optimistic expression …
"Indeed, I shouldn't be talking nonsense with you here." Xuanyuan Chenfeng shook his head and said, "Things like fate shouldn't be publicized. It's just time to prove it. Perhaps the fate on this chessboard will only come true after many years … However, the fact that you lost to me can be verified immediately!"
After saying that, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's aura gradually changed …
He casually held his spear and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng from the edge of the chessboard.
Every time he took a step, his aura would increase by a bit. It was as if there was something invisible attached to his body!
Although his steps were slow, his actual speed wasn't slow. If one observed carefully, they would see that after he took a step, he would slide along the chessboard for a distance. It was as if he was walking on a layer of ice.
As he walked closer and closer, Xuanyuan Chenfeng seemed to have turned into a giant in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng wasn't that tall, but his powerful aura gave everyone an illusion!
Before, Luo Zheng had the cross-shaped crystal and his aura was like that of a True God. However, the pressure it brought was only applied to the Dao Children on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was different.
When his aura suddenly increased, it could even affect people outside the scroll!
Outside the scroll, countless martial artists were staring at Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Under the pressure of his aura, their hearts were beating wildly.
However, although this aura was powerful, its influence was limited.
Facing this boundless aura, a Divine Transformation realm martial artist would only feel a slight pressure.
Many sector lords, facing this aura, only showed a trace of doubt on their faces. They were wondering how this Spirit Sea realm kid could affect their state of mind.
From the moment they entered the Heaven and Earth Chessboard until now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had not made any serious moves.
The opponents he encountered were either sent flying by Xuanyuan Chenfeng's slap or directly crushed by the palm print. Even when facing Ku Deng, he didn't use his real power, because Ku Deng wisely chose to admit defeat.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng also knew that it was impossible for the fellow in front of him to admit defeat.
In that case, he could only use even more power to make him understand what Xuanyuan Chenfeng's name meant.
Facing the approaching Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Luo Zheng's gaze became more and more cautious. The Primal Chaos Sea also began to surge. The Primal Chaos Qi was like a tide that gathered towards Luo Zheng's sword light.
Just now, when the two of them exchanged blows, he had the upper hand. However, in a battle of this level, this little bit of advantage was meaningless.
The most troublesome thing now was that he couldn't see through Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ability.
In order to defeat Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng could be said to have used all of his trump cards. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ability was like an iceberg floating on the sea. Only a corner of it was revealed. Most of it was hidden in the dark!
"Pa!"
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng closed the distance to a certain extent, the corner of his foot stepped on a chess piece! His body suddenly shot towards Luo Zheng!
That long spear was like a flood dragon coming out of its cave. Under Xuanyuan Chenfeng's fast charge, the spear bent and stabbed towards Luo Zheng in a very unique way!
"This is the spear!"
Ku Deng, who was on the chess piece, stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng and took a deep breath.
In the Eyes of Constellation, he saw a spear that shook his Buddha heart …
Until now, he still couldn't understand.
What did Xuanyuan Chenfeng rely on to stab out such a spear?
Ku Deng admitted that there was a gap between his strength and Xuanyuan Chenfeng's, but the gap wasn't that big. What kind of Divine Path did Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivate?!
However, Ku Deng didn't know that at this moment, Luo Zheng had the same feeling as Ku Deng.
This was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's serious first spear …
However, Luo Zheng felt that he was on the verge of death!
He felt that if this spear stabbed him, not only would his life disappear, but even his soul would be destroyed. His heart of martial arts would collapse directly!
What a powerful spear!
Luo Zheng's heart trembled.
However, his first choice was to retreat.
After exploding his vital essence, he used the Eight Winding Smoke Flying at the same time, quickly turning back. His escape technique didn't look elegant at all. It was even a little embarrassing. However, he didn't have a better choice.
This spear didn't contain any Dao Essence, and it didn't look like it was that powerful. Why? As Luo Zheng retreated, his mind kept turning.
As Luo Zheng retreated quickly, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear stabbed nothing.
However, the spear stabbed nothing. From the tip of the spear, a purple spear light burst out, extending and following behind Luo Zheng …
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
The spear light followed Luo Zheng!
"This spear light … also has the same feeling!"
The spear light was an extension of his spear, and the power contained in this spear light wasn't that strong.
If it was in the past, Luo Zheng could block this spear light with one sword. Even if he just stood there and let the spear light hit him, it wouldn't be a big problem.
However, Luo Zheng had a vague feeling.
If he was hit by this spear light, he would also collapse …
"Yi God's Sword!"
As he retreated, a cyan sword essence turned into a sword light and shot out, hitting the spear light!
The Yi God's Sword, which was derived from the Primal Chaos Qi, was much stronger than this ordinary spear light. According to Luo Zheng's experience, the sword light could directly corrode the spear light, and then roll back towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng …
However, the next scene made Luo Zheng stunned.
"Ka …"
When the sword light collided with the spear light, a small crack appeared on its surface.
Seeing the crack, Luo Zheng was stunned.
Although the sword light had color, it was actually a cyan light that was reflected after the sword essence condensed.
However, the sword light itself didn't have a physical form. When it was released, it flew out with the sharp tip as the tip …
It was like a mass of air, but a mass of air with extraordinary power.
Who had heard of air that could shatter?
However, the scene in front of his eyes really happened …
Those cracks spread out, and the spear light released by the Yi God's Sword directly collapsed and disintegrated.
The corner of Lie Qianhan's mouth revealed a cold smile. He couldn't help but let out a low laugh, like a beast's roar, "Hahahaha … I'm afraid this kid is going to collapse!"
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed with a fiery light, and his expression was incomparably solemn, "What a tyrannical spear technique, to be able to shatter the sword light directly!"
"Luo Zheng's sword was actually shattered!"
"That sword light is a ray of light, how can this ray of light be shattered …"
"In this universe, there are always some mysteries that we are unable to understand. We have to have a respectful heart towards these mysteries."
In the universe, 99% of the people saw this strange phenomenon, but no one knew what this phenomenon meant …
"Damn it!"
After the spear light shattered Luo Zheng's Yi God's Sword, it continued to rush towards Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not hesitate …
If he had any hesitation, he would have been shattered by the spear light!
"Gui Yuan Yi God's Sword!"
The strengthened version of the Yi God's Sword!
It was also Luo Zheng's strongest sword, but it was only used to deal with this unremarkable purple spear light!
"Whoosh!"
The majestic Chaos Qi and the Metal Law merged together and surged up again.
However, in terms of volume, Luo Zheng's sword was enough to offset the thousand purple spear lights!
However, this sword that was mixed with Chaos Qi flew out and collided with the spear light. In an instant, Luo Zheng heard an explosion in his ears!
"Pa!"
This sword once again had those inconceivable cracks!
The sword light dissipated …
A purple spear light once again rushed out of Luo Zheng's sword light, and continued to rush towards Luo Zheng. It was like a ghost from hell, biting Luo Zheng's back, unwilling to disperse!
"Whoosh!"
This spear light shot over, and Luo Zheng slightly tilted his head at the crucial moment. The purple spear light almost brushed past Luo Zheng's ear, piercing through his earlobe!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng once again heard a "pa" sound.

Chapter 1377
A crack appeared on Luo Zheng's forehead, extending from his forehead to his neck and body.
It was as if a piece of porcelain had been smashed! That crack was very thin, and blood seeped out from it. It looked very scary. It was as if Luo Zheng had been cut in the middle by a knife!
However, his clothes were completely undamaged, which made him look extremely strange.
This injury wasn't serious.
The problem was that the destruction caused by that spear light was unimaginable!
That purple spear light first shattered Luo Zheng's Godly Yi Sword, then shattered the Godly Yi Sword. Originally, the spear wasn't that powerful, but in the end, it only pierced through Luo Zheng's earlobe, causing a crack to appear on his body.
This …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with doubt as he stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng in front of him.
The power of that spear was too terrifying.
If he was hit by that spear, wouldn't his entire body be smashed?
There was actually such a magical spear technique in this world!
"I … I didn't see it wrong!"
Even Ku Deng, who was as calm as water, had a look of admiration on his face.
He finally understood why he had seen such a scene in his eyes that made him feel despair …
He couldn't dodge that spear, nor could he block it. After three breaths, the scene in front of him was his body being smashed into pieces!
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear is so powerful?"
"It's really unimaginable. It seems to contain some strange characteristics …"
"Too exaggerated. That spear only shot through Luo Zheng's face, but it made his entire body almost split open. What kind of spear technique is that?"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's reputation as the First Dao Child was really big. However, everyone had only heard of his name. Many warriors in the universe had never seen his real body. As for his skills, they had no idea.
Everyone only knew that this person was strong, but no one could say how strong he was.
Now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear made everyone understand that the power this guy controlled was beyond the knowledge of countless people. They simply couldn't understand Xuanyuan Chenfeng's power.
Except for a small number of Heavenly Venerables, even the Realm Lords and the Saint Lords of the Holy Lands couldn't understand it …
"Is it the Law of Space?"
"It doesn't look like it. The Law of Space can indeed create such an effect, forcing Luo Zheng's sword intent away. But the crack must be black, because the shattered space will reveal the Shadow World on the other side …"
"The Illusion Battlefield shouldn't exist on the reverse side of the world!"
Many knowledgeable people were guessing and analyzing …
All the clansmen of the Xuanyuan clan wore Daoist robes. They stood quietly in a boundless square as they silently stared at the painting.
Of the four clans of the deities, the Xuan Yuan Clan was the leader.
Actually, compared to the other three great clans, the Xuan Yuan Clan had the least number of people. For example, the Ji Clan, the Ji Clan, and the Lie Clan each had over a thousand branches and millions of clansmen with the same surname …
There were less than a hundred thousand clansmen with the surname Xuanyuan.
It was precisely because of the small number of clansmen that the surname "Xuanyuan" was even more glorious. The cohesiveness of the entire family was also the strongest among the four major families.
"Chen Feng has finally made his move," someone said in the silence.
"This is already the final battle. If he doesn't make his move now, when will he make his move …" someone replied.
"To be honest, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming both have the strength to fight against Chen Feng. The inheritances that those two brats obtained are also frightening. However, in the end, they won't be able to defeat Chen Feng. His fate was decided the moment he was born. It can't be changed. You guys were worried before, but what are you worried about?" Another voice was transmitted. This voice was somewhat unruly. In the strict Xuanyuan Clan, this kind of person was extremely rare …
They were very confident in Xuanyuan Chenfeng. This confidence came from Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ability.
… …
On the chessboard, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's mouth revealed a faint smile.
He was very satisfied with the result of this spear.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't want to kill Luo Zheng cleanly …
Normally, Xuanyuan Chenfeng wasn't a ruthless and bloodthirsty person. Apart from being a bit eccentric, he was usually quite upright. People like Luo Zheng couldn't affect his mood at all.
However, at this moment, seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart was filled with a very unpleasant feeling.
He was already very satisfied with the small crack caused by the first spear strike.
"Whoosh!"
Under the dancing of the red tasseled spear, a cold purple light appeared. He stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "How do you feel?"
Luo Zheng stared straight at Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
That strange feeling was getting stronger and stronger … …
The swinging of the spear tip, the position where Xuanyuan Chenfeng was standing, the position where he was stepping, everything seemed very normal. However, it was a bit too normal.
Everything had a limit. After this limit, it would give people a very strange feeling.
It was like some women who, no matter how you looked at them, had a face that could be called peerless. However, if you looked carefully, there would always be a strange feeling, as if something didn't match.
The current Xuanyuan Chenfeng gave Luo Zheng such a feeling.
He didn't reply to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words … …
If he wanted to defeat this guy, he had to figure out the source of this feeling.
Standing here was just waiting for death. This time, Luo Zheng took the initiative to launch an attack.
"Shua ~ ~"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, but he didn't rush towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
This guy's spear was so terrifying. If he rashly rushed forward, it was tantamount to courting death … …
Therefore, Luo Zheng, like Ku Deng, began to circle around Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
The spear moved in a straight line … …
Previously, although the purple spear light released by Xuanyuan Chenfeng could change direction to a certain extent, it didn't seem to have the ability to follow. Circling around was the best way to resist the spear technique.
Since Ku Deng could think of this, Luo Zheng could also think of this.
After all, this way, he could avoid Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear light to the greatest extent.
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face revealed a slight smile. Just now, after Ku Deng circled around ten times, he directly admitted defeat. Could it be that Luo Zheng also wanted to admit defeat?
However, the spear in his hand slowly rotated on the spot, facing Luo Zheng from the beginning to the end.
"Shua, shua … …"
Luo Zheng walked on the chessboard, slowly circling around Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
"Have you circled around … …" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said with a faint smile, a hint of ridicule appeared on his face.
"Don't make a pointless struggle. Being defeated by me is already a supreme glory for you."
"If you can find a flaw, I will write the word Xuanyuan upside down!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was not in a hurry, he just sneered.
"This Luo Zheng is stalling for time, it's useless … …"
"Sooner or later, he will still be defeated by Xuanyuan Chenfeng."
"I guess he has exhausted all his tricks. This is the battle for the first place in Huan Yu, Luo Zheng won't directly admit defeat, right?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, the onlookers were somewhat baffled. In the end, no one was optimistic about him.
After nearly ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng, who was originally circling around, suddenly stopped his footsteps and stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng in a daze.
"Have you thought it through?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng continued to ridicule him.
Luo Zheng shook his head, the corner of his mouth slightly curled up.
"Then, do you admit defeat or accept death?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng asked again.
Luo Zheng continued to shake his head, at the same time, he revealed a brilliant smile. He pointed to the sky, then pointed to the ground, his eyes revealing a hint of craftiness.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly raised his head, he saw a mysterious fragment of law unceasingly circling in the sky, from which a great power of the heavens faintly leaked out. That was the sign of a lightning tribulation after connecting with the heavens and earth!
"Lightning tribulation! So many! Damn … … "
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who reacted, cursed. He wanted to leave immediately, but it was already too late.
"Buzz buzz buzz … …"
Rings appeared one after another at this moment. There were about ten of them, and they stacked on top of each other, binding Xuanyuan Chenfeng within them …
"Hong … …"
The heavenly lightning was like countless silver snakes surging, crazily rushing down at this moment!
The power of a single Thunder Calamity Annihilation was already extremely great, but it was difficult to set it up without anyone noticing. This cultivation method was suitable for making traps.
Just now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been careless, because Ku Deng had been circling around him all the way.
However, he didn't know that Ku Deng was afraid of the spear after three breaths of time, so he didn't want to take action. That was why he chose to give up and admit defeat.
Luo Zheng didn't have the Constellation Eyes, so it was hard to say who would win and who would lose. While circling around, he quietly extracted the chaotic aura and hid it in the chessboard.
Eleven Lightning Tribulation Kill was equivalent to eleven great heavenly lightning tribulations, which was enough to make this guy suffer …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1378
The heavenly lightning in the Lightning Calamity Annihilation was a lightning punishment that was brought down by the Heavenly Dao.
The power of the lightning strikes derived from ordinary Lightning Laws could not compare to this.
The water snake-like heavenly lightning intertwined with each other and finally transformed into silver dragons that pounced downward!
Lie Qianhan and Ji Luoxue happened to be in the sky above the lightning. Although the chess pieces were protected by the Heavenly Dao Law and would not be hurt, the two of them controlled the chess pieces under their feet and quickly left when they saw the power of the lightning.
"Boom boom boom …"
Countless heavenly lightning bolts instantly fell, turning Xuanyuan Chenfeng's location into a lightning prison!
These lightning bolts were extremely dazzling. If one were to look closely, one would only be able to see a dazzling white expanse. It was impossible to see what was going on inside.
"This …"
Most people did not expect such a turn of events.
Just now, Luo Zheng looked completely helpless, but in the end, he attracted such a large number of Thunder Tribulations, which was indeed beyond their expectations.
"The might of this lightning tribulation is extremely strong. Under such a baptism, even if Xuanyuan Chenfeng doesn't die, he'll probably lose a layer of skin!"
"Yeah, just these lightning tribulations shouldn't be able to kill Xuanyuan Chenfeng. He'll most likely be in a very sorry state …"
"…"
Luo Zheng didn't need to activate the eleven Lightning Tribulations at once. He only needed to activate three at a time. Eleven Lightning Tribulations could strike Xuanyuan Chenfeng for the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn. No matter whether it could deal with Xuanyuan Chenfeng or not, it was enough to make him suffer …
That alone was not enough.
After pushing him aside, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly turned cold, and the broken sword in his hand condensed a sword intent again!
"Gui Yuanyi Divine Sword!"
Golden light suddenly flashed, and a sharp sword light went straight into the ring!
Although the lightning flashed fiercely, making people unable to look at it directly, Luo Zheng could still vaguely make out Xuanyuan Chenfeng's figure.
Now, not only did Xuanyuan Chenfeng have to face the Lightning Tribulation, he also had to face the Gui Yuan Yi Divine Sword.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was in the ring, was currently in a state of rage.
In this battle, as long as Luo Zheng couldn't break his spear technique, he would be in an invincible position …
However, due to his carelessness, he had actually fallen into the trap of the lightning tribulation!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
There were very few gaps in these lightning strikes, and there were no blind spots at all.
However, at this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's movement technique was very unique!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng seemed to be stepping on some kind of pattern as he continuously moved within the circle of light. If someone were to accurately measure Xuanyuan Chenfeng's steps, they would discover that the distance between his two steps was three feet!
Every step was three feet, no more or less than a centimeter. It was terrifyingly accurate!
Not only that, the width of his body's movement was maintained at a distance of one foot, and he would stop every step he took. When his body stretched to a distance of one foot, he would suddenly stop, and then twist another foot in the next direction!
No matter how he dodged, the distance between them was always an integral multiple of a foot, not a single bit more.
Almost all cultivators who had reached this level of cultivation had grasped Minute Subtlety. Most of them were able to cut off a mosquito's leg with a single sword strike without taking its life.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's accuracy was truly shocking!
Relying on this kind of precise footwork, he forcibly avoided most of the lightning tribulation, but there were still a few lightning strikes that landed on his head. Immediately, all the hair on his body was charred, and his body was also charred black. He looked very miserable!
In addition to his anger, he suddenly felt a great threat!
"This guy still dares to sneak attack …"
If other cultivators were to fall into this situation, they would probably die.
Unable to escape from these lightning strikes, they still had to face Luo Zheng's strongest sword strike. How difficult would it be to deal with it?
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was originally in a rage, was exceptionally calm …
In his eyes, all colors had disappeared.
The entire world had turned into lines …
In his eyes, he saw thirty-six thick lines crisscrossing the chessboard. On the chessboard, there were countless fine and messy lines. However, the chess pieces that were arranged on the chessboard were flawless. There was not a single line on them …
The more lines there were, the more flaws there were in the material.
This chessboard was fragile, so wherever his eyes passed, there would be many flaws!
Those chess pieces could not be destroyed, and there might be flaws in them, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not see them at all. This was because of the limitation of his cultivation.
In addition …
The bolts of lightning were also filled with cracks!
The movement of time and all things had their own rules, and what restricted these rules were the various laws of the universe …
Actually, some laws were discovered by cultivators, and they were carefully studied and comprehended. Just like those origin laws, they were the most important laws, and the number of people who cultivated them was also the most widespread.
At the same time, there were also some people who took other paths and started from some special laws.
For example, the movement of the celestial body, the awakening of the dreamland, and the rebirth of the netherworld.
Luo Zheng's Stellar Battle Body used the laws of the celestial body to activate the power of the stars …
These laws were set by the Heavenly Dao.
The Heavenly Dao was set up by the gods.
The set up of laws was the Divine Dao of Truth. The Divine Dao of Truth was the set up of laws!
It was also the most important part of the three thousand Great Dao, the Great Dao that had been formed for billions of years, the foundation of the existence of the gods …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Comprehension of Truth could see through the movement of thousands of laws in the universe, so all he could see were lines and dots, which were the most basic picture of the universe!
Although the red tasseled long spear in his hand was a supreme divine weapon, it was not a very outstanding treasure.
Because he did not need it …
Anything in his eyes would show a huge flaw!
The Spear of Law that he cultivated was actually much more powerful than what people had seen, because the Spear of Law could directly destroy the opponent through those flaws!
That was why Xuanyuan Chenfeng had put so much pressure on Ku Deng.
Before he confronted Ku Deng, the Spear of Law had already locked on Ku Deng's biggest flaw.
Three inches to the right of Ku Deng's chest, there was a small round dot, and from that small dot, many thin lines spread out. Most of these thin lines spread out above Ku Deng's heart, and a small part spread out in his mind, even connecting with his soul!
If the Spear of Law broke it, it could directly destroy Ku Deng!
Soul, state of mind, body …
That was why he could put so much pressure on Ku Deng.
That dot was Ku Deng's Achilles' heel!
A few years ago, when Ku Deng cultivated the Golden Bell Shield, he also knew that his Achilles' heel was three inches to the right of his chest, but Ku Deng never thought that there would be such a big flaw under this Achilles' heel …
Actually, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng first saw Luo Zheng, he was a bit confused.
His Comprehension of Truth could see the flaws of all things.
The stronger one's cultivation, the fewer flaws there were …
A Spirit Sea Realm warrior usually had more than a hundred flaws on his body.
Extreme God realm martial artists had dozens of flaws.
Divine Transformation realm martial artists, in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, usually only had ten flaws.
Sector Lord realm martial artists, he could occasionally see one flaw, but most of the time, he could not see any.
Empyrean realm martial artists were beyond the scope of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Comprehension of Truth, unable to observe.
However, Luo Zheng's body only had four lines, as for the Achilles' heel, Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not see where it was!
He was clearly just a Divine Sea realm martial artist, why did his body only have so few flaws? It was even rarer than Divine Transformation realm martial artists …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not figure it out.
However, this did not matter, Luo Zheng only had fewer flaws, but it did not mean that he did not have any flaws.
As long as there was a flaw, his Spear of Law would be able to display a terrifying destructive power.
At first, he shot out a spear light, pointing at Luo Zheng's earlobe. From the edge of Luo Zheng's earlobe, there was a thin line that extended all the way to the top of his head, and then went straight down!
Therefore, that purple spear light, which was not that powerful, almost split Luo Zheng in half from the middle!
From this, it could be seen that if Xuanyuan Chenfeng wanted to kill Luo Zheng, it would not be too difficult.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng stepped forward, pointing his long spear at the sky. He did not choose to escape, but to fiercely stab at the sky!
"Break for me!"
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Spears of Law abruptly shot out.
The purple spear light was like a precise thin line, pointing at the wild thunder.
Even the Heavenly Thunder had its flaws.
When those flaws were hit by the purple spear light, they were like snakes that were hit at their weakest point, breaking, collapsing, and dissipating!

Chapter 1379
Xuanyuan Chenfeng instantly cleared the wild lightning above his head …
This scene left countless martial artists dumbfounded.
These lightning tribulations could only be resisted by the physical body or channeled into the earth.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng used his spear to shatter them. This kind of visual shock was hard to describe. It had already exceeded the common sense of many warriors.
They did not know that even if a ball of fire was ignited, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Spear of Law would shatter it with a single spear.
As soon as he dealt with Luo Zheng's Thunder Tribulation Annihilation, a gold and grey dual-colored sword light immediately stabbed towards him!
"Hmph!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face revealed a trace of disdain.
Luo Zheng's sword attack was hard for anyone to break, but it did not pose much of a threat to him.
This was because Luo Zheng's sword attack originally had an imperfect flaw.
Just like how Hua Tianming's understanding of the way of the sword was very deep, he could see the flaw of the Gui Yuanyi Divine Sword and use that flaw to cut Luo Zheng's sword light.
And Xuanyuan Chenfeng, through his comprehension of the truth, could see it even more clearly!
Within that gold and grey dual-colored sword light, there was a big vital point. After Xuanyuan Chenfeng took a step forward, the long spear in his hand suddenly flicked, and the purple sword light hit that small point in the middle!
"Pop …"
At this moment, the dual-colored sword light instantly collapsed, turning into a cyclone of sword intent that drilled in all directions like a beautiful firework.
After the sword light dispersed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face was cold, and a cold smile hung on the corner of his mouth. He faced Luo Zheng once again. "You think you can defeat me with this little trick?"
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, but shook his head.
Relying on the Thunder Tribulation Annihilation and the Gui Yuanyi Divine Sword to defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he was thinking too lightly.
He only used these methods to observe his opponent.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng left the stage, that strange feeling lingered in Luo Zheng's heart, and it could not dissipate.
Now, Luo Zheng saw a clue …
This guy's movements looked very casual, but it seemed to follow some kind of rule from beginning to end!
After careful observation, he discovered this rule, which was distance!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's movement was measured in feet. No matter where he moved from, the final position he stopped at was an integral multiple of feet!
If he moved a step, it would definitely be a distance of three feet. It wouldn't be two feet and nine inches, nor would it be three feet and one inch …
Although Luo Zheng was unable to reach Xuanyuan Chenfeng's level, his eyesight was not far from the mark.
This guy seemed to be strictly abiding by some kind of law!
Seeing through this, Luo Zheng did not mean that he could break Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear!
Because of the 《Thunder Kill》, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was in such a difficult situation. At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was no longer in the mood to deal with Luo Zheng!
With a sudden tap of his feet, he charged towards Luo Zheng with the spear in his hand!
"This guy's trajectory is so straight …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. His figure suddenly floated. He faced Xuanyuan Chenfeng and quickly left in a semicircle.
When a martial artist flew in the air, they were erratic. Even if they flew in a straight line, there would be a certain degree of swaying.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's trajectory was a pure straight line without any deviation. Looking at it roughly, there wasn't any problem, but looking at it carefully, it did give people a strange feeling.
Now that Luo Zheng thought about it again, the strange expression on his face became more and more intense.
When he faced Ku Deng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not make a move. Instead, he faced Ku Deng with his spear, standing in place and spinning non-stop …
Just now, when this guy faced him, it was the same. He stood in the same position and spun non-stop, never taking the initiative to attack.
The only two times Xuanyuan Chenfeng took the initiative to attack were when he held his spear in a pure straight line. Could it be that this guy could only walk in a straight line?
This answer was somewhat inexplicable. A crab could only walk horizontally, but this guy could only walk vertically. However, Luo Zheng felt that his guess was getting closer and closer to the truth …
So when Luo Zheng circled and dodged, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not attack. Was it because he couldn't lock onto me? Or was it because this guy's attack required some kind of condition to be realized?
One spear to shatter all things, this kind of method was indeed too terrifying. In theory, this was also a kind of karmic method. It should be realized by relying on the Heavenly Dao.
This kind of method was so powerful, it should have a very powerful restriction.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a Dao child. The Shinto he cultivated should not be the Heavenly Dao …
As Luo Zheng was thinking, he kept retreating in a zigzag pattern. Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear was so terrifying, Luo Zheng could not take it head on. However, he did not know if this guy would attack with his spear while he was moving.
Soon, Luo Zheng found that his guess was verified.
Not only could Xuanyuan Chenfeng walk vertically, he could also move horizontally. He was really a crab!
Under this kind of fast horizontal movement, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng. A purple spear light as thick as a finger pierced towards Luo Zheng!
The current Xuanyuan Chenfeng already had the intention to kill. He only wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng quickly. He did not hold back at all!
If this spear light hit Luo Zheng's body, it would be enough to completely disintegrate him!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng already had a guess in his heart. His figure once again circled around and moved forward!
According to his guess, this spear light should be very difficult to change its direction. It could only move at a very small angle!
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng also saw through Luo Zheng's intention. This guy seemed to have seen through something. His face revealed a cold smile. "Childish!"
As Luo Zheng flew in an arc, the purple spear light formed a strange turn. It turned at a 90 degree angle in the air and flew towards Luo Zheng!
"This …"
Luo Zheng also found that he had made a mistake in his judgment.
This spear light indeed could not turn, but it could change direction at a 90 degree angle!
This scene gave Luo Zheng a faint sense of familiarity. He seemed to have seen this thing somewhere before!
The purple spear light turned at a 90 degree angle and continued to chase after Luo Zheng …
As he kept retreating, his eyes suddenly flashed. He remembered!
When Luo Zheng was crossing the heavenly tribulation, an eye appeared. That eye released a black light. That black light moved in a straight line without any curve!
That black light almost had the power to destroy the world!
What was the connection between the two?
No matter what the connection was …
This thing was very dangerous.
He did not believe Xuanyuan Chenfeng's nonsense. He was even more unwilling to lose to this guy!
However, this spear light was still faster than him. No matter how he retreated, the distance between the two was still shrinking.
At the beginning, there was still a distance of ten zhang. After a few breaths, this distance was quickly shortened.
Fifty zhang …
Forty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
"Die." Xuanyuan Chenfeng shook his head slightly. In his eyes, Luo Zheng was already bound to lose.
He did not need to show too much power. This spear of law was enough to completely destroy Luo Zheng. There was no way he could escape.
Luo Zheng sucked in a deep breath of cold air as he retreated at top speed. His heart sank!
It seemed that he really did not have a chance to turn the situation around when facing Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
He was very unwilling to lose to this guy!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression was somewhat flustered. However, his eyes flashed. He seemed to have thought of something. He stretched out his hand and the mini Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain spiraled out of his hand! The moment the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain appeared, it began to expand rapidly. It turned into a hundred zhang tall mountain in front of Luo Zheng!
"Is it useful?"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng sneered. The spear light drilled into the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
He had not seen the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain in Luo Zheng's hand before. Now that he was sure of victory, he did not pay too much attention to it. A mountain wanting to stop the spear of law was a bit ridiculous …
In the next moment, this mountain should collapse.
"Bang!"
The purple spear light instantly sank into the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
However, the scene that Xuanyuan Chenfeng expected did not happen. The purple spear light only left a white mark on the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and then disappeared completely …
He was slightly stunned. He immediately used his comprehension of truth. When he looked again, his expression became even more strange. Such a big mountain actually did not have any flaws?
"This is the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng finally reacted.
When he was in the Ji Family, he had seen such a Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
This Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain's five elements were heterogeneous. It was because the five origin laws were evenly mixed together. When the five elements intertwined, they could make up for each other's flaws.
With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's current comprehension of truth, it was not enough to see through the flaws!
While he was thinking, Luo Zheng's figure quietly appeared on top of the mountain. He looked down at Xuanyuan Chenfeng and seemed to be holding an extremely sharp green light in his hand!

Chapter 1380
At this moment, the person that was the most shocked wasn't Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
It was Ji Luoxue and the entire Ji Clan …
The Ji Clan's secret technique to extract Origin Magnet Energy was for Ji Luoxue to pass down to Luo Zheng in exchange for Luo Zheng's blood sacrifice technique to refine the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
As far as Ji Luoxue was concerned, this was absolutely a worthwhile trade.
But she'd only passed the jade slip that recorded the Ji Clan's secret technique to Luo Zheng not long ago, yet this fellow had already grasped it in such a short period of time?
Wasn't this speed a bit too shocking?
As for the members of the Ji Clan, they were extremely shocked when they saw Luo Zheng had actually refined the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
Their Ji Clan had left a Divine Origin Magnet Mountain there for countless years, yet they'd never heard of anyone in the universe being capable of refining this Divine Origin Magnet Mountain that was impervious to everything.
The Ji Clan's ancestor stared at Luo Zheng's Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, then looked at the azure light in Luo Zheng's hand, and then he said indifferently, "Luoxue passed down the secret technique I created to Luo Zheng."
"What!?" The Ji Clan's patriarch's expression changed.
If this secret technique of the Ji Clan was leaked to the outside world, then it was a great crime. Why was Ji Luoxue so muddle-headed? He immediately wanted to absolve Ji Luoxue! Even though Luoxue was the most outstanding genius of the Ji Clan, but if she really passed down such a secret technique, then even the Ji Clan's ancestor would be able to forgive her …
The Ji Clan's ancestor shook his head, and then he continued. "Luoxue is extremely intelligent. Since she was willing to pass this secret technique to Luo Zheng, then she naturally had her reasons."
As he spoke, the Ji Clan's ancestor continued to stare at the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain beneath Luo Zheng, and he revealed an expression of seeming to have comprehended something.
The Ji Clan's patriarch's mind spun extremely swiftly, and he naturally understood when he heard the Ji Clan's ancestor …
It was impossible for Luoxue to casually pass down this secret technique to the outside world.
Not to mention that Divine Origin Magnet Mountains were extremely rare in the universe, and there were only a little over 10 in the entire universe. If an ordinary person wanted to cultivate this secret technique, then it was practically impossible without a Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
Luo Zheng refined the Divine Origin magnet Mountain, whereas Luoxue passed the secret technique to him …
The greatest possibility was that Luoxue and Luo Zheng Luo Zheng had completed an exchange!
The Laws within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain were chaotic and complicated, and nothing could invade it. Exactly what sort of method was used to refine it? If Ji Luoxue was really willing to exchange for this method, it would definitely be a gain for the Ji Clan …
"However, this Luo Zheng is indeed an incomparable genius. He was able to refine the magnetic force in such a short time. Haha, I'm afraid that the little nephew of the Xuanyuan Family is in trouble. He can see through the laws of all things, but I'm afraid he can't see through the magnetic force …" The Ji Family Head said indifferently.
As he said, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw the magnetic force in Luo Zheng's hand, he frowned.
After he comprehended the Universal Truth Divine Dao, the Original Sin Heavenly Lord had told him that the Universal Truth Divine Dao was the law that created the rules. It also had the power to destroy the rules. However, the Five Elements Divine Dao cultivated by the girl from the Ji Family next door happened to counter it.
It was because the Divine Daos of the Five Elements were inseparable. If he encountered an opponent of the same level who cultivated the Divine Daos of the Five Elements, he would probably not be able to see through the flaws.
At this moment, in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was a whole, and it presented a bright white spot of light. The magnetic force in Luo Zheng's hand was also the same. There were no flaws at all.
"This guy, how could he have the Ji Family's method?" Clenching his teeth, his gaze shifted and fell on Ji Luoxue.
When Ji Luoxue saw Xuanyuan Chenfeng's gaze shift over, she waved her hand and revealed a helpless expression.
She did not expect that Luo Zheng would be able to enter the final battle and face Xuanyuan Chenfeng face to face. If she had known earlier, she would have considered it. After the Illusory Battlefield ended, she would have made the exchange with Luo Zheng …
During this process, Luo Zheng made his move.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear light seemed to be able to destroy all things. Although Luo Zheng had a slight advantage with the Lightning Kill, it was still easily broken by Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Since the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could restrain Xuanyuan Chenfeng, it was time for Luo Zheng to start his counterattack.
Luo Zheng could be seen doing a backflip on the mountain peak. After floating in the air, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain began to slide along the Heaven and Earth Chessboard for a distance. Following which, the huge mountain shot forward and directly pressed down on Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
If it was an ordinary mountain, it would be fine. However, for a mountain of this size, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear could break ten of them.
However, this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain did not have any flaws. Facing this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he could only run.
Wind could be seen under his feet. Following a series of afterimages, his entire body disappeared from where he was standing.
"Rumble …"
With a loud sound, the center of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was directly crushed.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng avoided this pressure and appeared on the other side of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
"He's out! Heh! "
The mass of green light in Luo Zheng's hand had already condensed for a long time. The moment Xuanyuan Chenfeng appeared, he suddenly waved his hand. That mass of green light turned into a thin line and shot straight towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
This magnetic force was originally incomparably sharp. This time, it was also extremely fast. It was like an invisible sword light, piercing straight towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had just stabilized himself when a sense of crisis arose spontaneously. He suddenly rolled to the side.
"Puff!"
That extremely sharp magnetic force pierced through his cheek. For a moment, blood splattered everywhere, leaving a shocking bloody scar on his face.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest.
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng wanted to reverse the situation, a single spear would be enough. He simply could not block such a terrifying spear. He could only firmly suppress Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
With a thought, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain behind him immediately rolled. He stood on top of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and fiercely smashed it towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
During this process, Luo Zheng did not forget to extract the magnetic force.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had suffered once, would definitely not make the same mistake a second time.
This time, he faced the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain head-on. Like a lithe bat, before the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain smashed onto the chessboard, he rushed over from the other side of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and directly circled above it.
After confirming Luo Zheng's position on the mountain, his eyes suddenly flashed with a sharp light. He straightened his spear and directly rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never thought that he would suffer such a big loss from Luo Zheng. At this moment, he could be considered to have thrown caution to the wind.
The purple light at the tip of his red tasseled spear was extremely bright.
"Spear of Law! Three Clear Void Transformation! "
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The illusory purple spears were like three long snakes as they shot out in all directions. The illusory purple spears were like snakes that crawled from the wall to the ground. They showed a ninety-degree angle as they shot towards Luo Zheng from three different directions.
If any of the purple spears hit Luo Zheng, they would definitely be able to find a flaw and directly shatter Luo Zheng.
As long as he had a chance, he would be able to win everything. This was the method of the Divine Dao of Truth.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and his three spear shadows quickly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure did not stop at all. He naturally knew how powerful these purple spears were.
"Huff …"
He followed the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and flew upwards. The three purple spears followed closely behind.
The two of them, one in front and one behind, followed the mountain and continuously circled around. It could be said that it was too much for the eyes to take in …
"Who has the advantage in the end?"
"It's hard to say. Luo Zheng seems to be afraid of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear technique, but his mountain doesn't seem to be afraid."
"I can't see their figures clearly …"
In this chase, the first purple spear used the shortest path to intercept Luo Zheng.
Facing the purple spear, the cyan magnetic force in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly changed. It turned into a palm-sized crystal shield, blocking in front of Luo Zheng. He used this layer of cyan light shield to directly collide with the spear.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was behind him, saw that Luo Zheng did not dodge. His face immediately revealed a hint of joy. This guy is courting death …
Just as this thought emerged, he saw Luo Zheng smash the purple spear shadows. His face suddenly changed. How is this possible?!
This scene directly made Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart hesitate. Even his invincible confidence was shaken. Luo Zheng actually used his physical body to resist his Spear of Law? Then what was the point of fighting …
However, when Luo Zheng turned around, he saw a small cyan crystal shield in Luo Zheng's hand. He couldn't help but curse in his heart. This guy was really his nemesis.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1382
The Ancestor had put the Heavenly Dao Fragment into Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body for another purpose.
If he used it now, it would ruin his plan.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng woke up, the anger in his eyes gradually dissipated. His state of mind gradually calmed down.
Losing this battle didn't mean that he had lost everything. A little impatience spoiled great plans …
He still had a brighter future!
Thinking of this, he pinched the Heavenly Dao Fragment in his hand. When he opened his hand, the fragment had disappeared.
"I lost …"
He was extremely reluctant to say these words, and it was almost as if he had to grit his teeth to speak.
Ever since he was young, this sentence had almost never been heard by him. However, facing Luo Zheng, it was inevitable.
The first place of the Illusory Battlefield was born.
Actually, from the looks of the board, the first place should belong to Xuanyuan Chenfeng. It was as if the Heavenly Dao had guided him to become the main character of this great creation.
Luo Zheng became the biggest variable, forcibly cutting off Xuanyuan Chenfeng's fate.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, stepped on his chess piece, and returned to the air. He threw the broken sword at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who was not far away. A white light flashed, and his figure disappeared from the chess piece …
In the scroll, there were only nine people left.
The top five and the bottom five still had to be arranged.
Hua Tianming and Xuanyuan Chenfeng still had a battle. Qing Yu and Ku Deng still had one more battle. Then, it was Ji Luoxue and Lie Qianhan's turn …
These had nothing to do with Luo Zheng.
"Hey!" Seeing Luo Zheng disappear, Xi Youqin showed an angry expression. How could he disappear so quickly …
Luo Zheng kept moving through the white clouds. These thick clouds were very strange, almost completely blocking Luo Zheng's vision.
After entering the Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng had been thinking about what kind of place this Illusory Battlefield was.
Since it was the fifty great worlds built by the Heavenly Dao, was this within the Heavenly Dao, or was it just an illusion?
A huge black shadow streaked across the clouds, followed by a second one, a third one …
"What's that?"
As he continued to travel, he passed through the clouds and fog. Finally, those black shadows appeared in Luo Zheng's line of sight.
Those black shadows were green mountains that were arranged neatly. These mountains looked almost identical in appearance, as if they were clones of the same mountain.
At the top of the mountain, there were circular stone pillars. The architectural style was very similar to the Karma Hall that Luo Zheng had seen before.
"You … can take one of them first." The mysterious girl's voice rang in Luo Zheng's ears.
When this woman spoke to everyone, her tone was extremely cold, as if she was a statue, giving people a stiff feeling.
But communicating with Luo Zheng alone was very cheerful and casual.
"Divine Spark Plate …"
When Luo Zheng approached one of the mountains, he found a milky white disc floating among the huge stone pillars.
Was this what the Great Era was fighting for?
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. If the Divine Spark Plate could hold a Godhead, why didn't those Celestial Venerables allow it?
His figure floated lightly and arrived in front of the disc. After carefully examining it, Luo Zheng couldn't help but let out a cry of surprise.
This Divine Spark Plate looked like an ordinary plate. He didn't know what material it was made of, but it seemed to contain an extremely stable power …
The most important thing was that in Luo Zheng's Deity Sea, the thing condensed from the chaotic aura was almost exactly the same as this Divine Spark Plate!
This was indeed very strange!
Could it be that the chaotic aura temporarily acted as the Divine Spark Plate?
Or …
That faintly discernible cross-shaped crystal was actually a Godhead?
He couldn't find an answer after pondering for a while. Then, the mysterious girl's lively voice sounded in his ears again.
"What are you standing there for? You can take away this Divine Spark Plate now! "
Luo Zheng nodded and reached out to touch it. The milky white Divine Spark Plate began to slowly spin, and in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, it became smaller and smaller. In the end, it turned into a thumb-sized ring and instantly entered Luo Zheng's Dantian.
Looking inside, Luo Zheng saw the Divine Spark Plate slowly floating in his inner world.
Now, in Luo Zheng's inner world, besides the World Tree, there was another Divine Spark Plate …
"You got first place. Do you have any other questions for me? I'll make an exception and let you ask three questions, "the mysterious girl asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, "Is there any news about Luo Yan?"
"…"
Luo Zheng had asked this question countless times over the past few years. She had heard it so many times that her ears were calloused.
"Can you change the question?" the mysterious girl asked again.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. There was no other way. This was the question he was most concerned about …
Hearing the slight displeasure in the mysterious girl's voice, Luo Zheng could only add, "What's your name … or rather, who are you?"
Faced with this question, the mysterious girl was silent for a few breaths. She seemed to be hesitating whether to tell him her name or not, but in the end, she said it.
"My name is Jiang Yu 'er. Next question …"
"Jiang Yu 'er, is there any news about Luo Yan?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"…"
This guy's story was very vivid, but in reality, his character was very dry. He kept asking the same question over and over again. The mysterious girl was a little conflicted and fell silent again.
Because of Jiang Yu 'er's silence, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up with hope.
"You know about her. According to our agreement, you should tell me," Luo Zheng continued.
Jiang Yu 'er sighed faintly, "Actually, telling you isn't a good thing …"
In the beginning, Jiang Yu 'er didn't think that finding Luo Yan was a very difficult thing.
Later, she found out that Luo Yan was involved in a lot of things. Those guys were simply a bunch of lunatics. To Luo Zheng, this was not a good thing.
Luo Zheng obviously knew what was going on. He said firmly, "But I have to know."
"I can only tell you that Luo Yan is indeed in the divine territory." Jiang Yu 'er finally revealed this information.
Hearing her words, a faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "Thank you."
He had never met this girl. The only communication they had was to roar and tell her some stories.
This information alone was far from enough for Luo Zheng!
How was Luo Yan doing recently? Where was she in the divine territory …
But for the current Luo Zheng, this was enough …
The divine territory was still an unreachable place for Luo Zheng. If he wanted to touch it, he still had to step over the Heavenly Dao.
Even if he became the champion of the Dream War now, it was probably not an easy thing to do.
If he won first place, in addition to the Divine Spark Plate that he already had, he would also receive another reward for being in the top three, which was an extreme change in fate and an imperial title …
In other words, Jiang Yu 'er had helped Luo Zheng modify his luck in the universe.
If Luo Zheng's luck increased, it would be of great help to many probabilistic things. For example, it would be easier to attract the stars and so on.
Luo Zheng's providence had been very good to begin with, but when he had devoured the Fortune-Destroying Bamboo Snakes, his providence had reached its peak. However, it had only lasted for an extremely short period of time. At that time, Luo Zheng hadn't taken advantage of this opportunity. With his providence at its peak, cultivating the Stellar Combat Body would have been extremely easy.
His current luck was naturally not as heaven-defying as when he swallowed the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes.
However, it was not easy to modify one's luck. This was the ability of the Heavenly Dao, right?
This Jiang Yu 'er was probably the controller of this Heavenly Dao. However, it was not clear what role she played in the Heavenly Dao. She did not seem to casually interfere with the various changes in the Heavenly Dao …
After waiting for a long time on this mountain.
Luo Zheng saw the second person appear from the thick white fog.
That person was tall and straight, with a heroic face. It was Hua Tianming.
The winner could enter the fog and carry the Divine Spark Plate first. Did that mean that Hua Tianming had also defeated Xuanyuan Chenfeng?
Next was Xuanyuan Chenfeng. His handsome face was full of malice. He had only gotten third place, so he must be very disappointed in his heart …
Qing Yu was fourth, and Ku Deng was fifth.
Xi Youqin, on the other hand, was ranked tenth...
Actually, in terms of strength, Xi Youqin's ranking should be higher.
However, after she entered the top ten, she admitted defeat all the way, so her final result was naturally the lowest.

Chapter 1383
The Illusory Battlefield came to an end …
The picture scroll that appeared in the entire universe slowly closed up and dissipated in front of everyone.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes again, he felt as if he had been cut off from a lifetime ago.
In fact, the entire Illusory Battlefield lasted for less than three months, but there were too many battles. Every battle was a tempering and would leave behind new insights for the warriors …
At this moment, the entire universe was changing.
The first to change was the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele.
After some geniuses passed the Karma Hall, they chose to copy the Supreme Artifact in their hands. As a result, the ranking on the Myriad Spirit Stele underwent a drastic change.
Originally, there were only 3,000 Supreme Artifacts. Now, there were more than 1,000. Obviously, these Supreme Artifacts were all copied through the Karma Hall …
When the light that shone on Luo Zheng's body dissipated, three colored light spots appeared around him. These light spots were like countless little fairies, flying toward Luo Zheng's body.
After absorbing these light spots, Luo Zheng's aura became stronger. This was the strengthening reward from the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield.
"You're back!"
From the inner court, a graceful figure walked out. It was Mu Mingxue with a faint smile on her face!
After the first stage ended, she left the Illusory Battlefield and waited here for a long time.
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled at her.
Then, he turned his head in another direction. "Why do you like to hide and seek?"
As his voice fell, a slender figure floated out from the other side. Xun was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, so Luo Zheng could naturally sense her position.
It was different from Xun a few months ago.
At this moment, Xun's face had a trace of melancholy. She looked depressed and even sick. This kind of expression was rarely seen on Xun's face. She had changed from an extremely strong woman to this. Xun's expression made her look even more charming. At a glance, it made people's hearts beat faster.
"What's your ranking?" Xun asked faintly.
Mu Mingxue was also very concerned about this question. She also looked at Luo Zheng with great concern.
Luo Zheng had just returned, so he must have entered the second stage. She couldn't see the picture scroll here. Mu Mingxue only knew that there were two stages in the Illusory Battlefield, but she didn't know that there was a competition on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
"Guess?" Luo Zheng smiled.
Mu Mingxue's eyes blinked.................
After Mu Mingxue entered the Illusory Battlefield, she finally saw the experts of the universe. They were all in the Divine Sea Realm, but there was such a huge gap between them. Any one of the experts in the main cities could fight against an Ultimate Divine Realm expert, and these people weren't really considered strong in the Illusory Battlefield …
........................
... of................................
"How many ranks?" Maori asked again.
....... Seeing Xun's change, Luo Zheng felt strange. It was only a few months. It seemed her temperament had changed a lot.
He answered, "Number one."
"Number one! Luo Zheng, you … you … "Mu Mingxue was astonished.
Luo Zheng was indeed a powerful being in Mu Mingxue's mind. But to be number one among hundreds of millions of Spirit Sea Realm warriors, this result was far beyond Mu Mingxue's imagination!
Xun smiled faintly. She was very satisfied with Luo Zheng's answer. Her expression gradually relaxed. She wanted to congratulate Luo Zheng, but she couldn't find the right words to say …
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed and appeared in front of her. The distance between the two faces was extremely close.
Luo Zheng stared at Xun seriously. "You don't seem to be in a good mood."
From the beginning, Luo Zheng felt strange about Xun …
Xun had the body of a sword spirit and was not sick. What was going on with her sickly face?
Seeing Luo Zheng's face not far from her, Xun couldn't help but step back. She shook her head and said, "Nothing …"
Luo Zheng smiled mysteriously. "Right, I have a gift for you!"
"A gift?" Xun was stunned. She thought, "This Illusory Battlefield is just a world of reflections. What can Luo Zheng bring out from it?"
Of course, she didn't know that many people in the universe were staring at the changes on the Myriad Spirit Stele. They were paying close attention to the ranking of the supreme artifacts. After the Illusory Battlefield, the number of supreme artifacts increased to more than 4,000. Many first-grade divine artifacts were squeezed out of the Myriad Spirit Stele.
Luo Zheng tapped his Sumeru Ring. Two cold lights came out of the ring.
Seeing the two cold glints, Xi Youqin frowned slightly. When the tip of the double-pointed spear was completely out, Smoky's little mouth opened wide!
"Holy Spear! You … "
Xun didn't expect that the gift Luo Zheng said he would give her would be such a gift. It was the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
She was surprised, but she couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng got the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
This Holy Spear of Slaughter should have been taken by Yao …
Did he go to the Yao Ye Clan? Did he take the Holy Spear of Slaughter from under Yao's nose?
That was impossible!
Xun took the Holy Spear from Luo Zheng's hand. The Holy Spear of Slaughter suddenly started to ring.
When Luo Zheng got the Holy Spear of Slaughter, it didn't cause such a resonance. After all, Xun was the rightful owner of this spear …
"Whoosh!"
Xun shook slightly. A huge spear shadow condensed.
One Thought Without Turning …
The solidification of that spear shadow was likely ten times stronger than Luo Zheng's display!
Holding the Holy Spear, Xun's expression became more cheerful. She turned her head and asked curiously, "How did you bring the Holy Spear back?"
Luo Zheng knew that Xun was full of doubts, so he briefly explained the reason.
This spear was naturally obtained from Ming Dao. When he mentioned Ming Dao, Luo Zheng couldn't help but mention the Phantom and the Holy Spear Sect's situation.
Hearing this, Xun's expression suddenly became gloomy. She didn't expect the Holy Spear Sect's situation to be so bad.
"In other words, this spear is actually a replica!" Xun said.
Luo Zheng nodded his head …
"Swish!"
The spear shadow was shot out by Xun …
Strands of killing intent seeped out from Xun's body. "I will return all of this to Yaoyao in double!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head, "Give me some time. I believe it won't take too long …"
Looking at Xun's murderous and almost perfect face, Luo Zheng knew that the familiar Xun had returned.
Unfortunately, this state didn't last long.
Not long after, Xun returned to her gloomy state. She silently floated behind Luo Zheng, maintaining a certain distance from him all the time.
Luo Zheng was puzzled, but he didn't dare to ask directly.
After returning, he communicated with Qinglong in his mind about what he had seen and heard in the Illusory Battlefield, as well as many doubts and so on.
"Xun … What's wrong?"
After some communication, Luo Zheng mentioned Xun. He couldn't figure out what had happened while he was away from the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion.
Although Qinglong was dormant in Luo Zheng's body, after Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Battlefield, he was blocked outside and couldn't communicate. During this time, he could only cultivate and recuperate in Luo Zheng's mind. However, Qinglong could naturally observe the movements outside Luo Zheng's body.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Qinglong just smiled and didn't answer, which made Luo Zheng even more confused …
After so many life-and-death experiences in the Illusory Battlefield, countless Divine Sea Realm warriors had accumulated cultivation and used this opportunity to break through their bottlenecks!
Countless Divine Sea Realm warriors in the universe chose to go into seclusion at this moment, and Luo Zheng was no exception!
In a few short days, major tribulation after major tribulation filled countless great realms.
Nearly 30% of the Divine Sea Realm warriors stepped into the Extreme Divine Realm in this period of time. This kind of scene was impossible to happen in the past …
Luo Zheng's seclusion took a total of 13 days.
Several sector lords from the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Clan still kept their distance and guarded outside the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion.
After 13 days, a giant Tribulation Cloud quietly formed in the sky!
A sector lord stared at the Tribulation Cloud with surprise in his eyes, "This is the Star Fall Tribulation …"
"It's Luo Zheng that kid who broke through!"
"It should be …"
"We should leave too …"
Since Luo Zheng had won first place in the Illusory Battlefield, he was destined to be the main character of this Battle of the Worlds. His fate was related to the rise and fall of the universe.
Any race would extend an olive branch to him, so there was no point for these sector lords to stay here.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1384
This major Heavenly Tribulation was also a test for Luo Zheng.
It started with the Great Meteor Tribulation, then the Three Thousand Crimson Fire Tribulation, then the Mental Demon Tribulation …
After a series of tests, a bolt of Heavenly Tribulation finally descended.
Luo Zheng was very familiar with Heavenly Tribulation. The Heavenly Tribulation Annihilation he cultivated could directly trigger Heavenly Tribulation.
However, this Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was very special. It was a green Heavenly Tribulation Lightning!
Luo Zheng was unable to dodge this Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. He couldn't even touch it. It directly struck Luo Zheng's dantian and fell into his inner world!
The moment the Heavenly Tribulation Lightning struck his dantian, a tearing pain immediately spread throughout Luo Zheng's body.
However, most of the Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was absorbed by the World Tree …
Under the baptism of the green Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, the World Tree actually began to grow vigorously. At the same time, the Sea of Chaos also began to spin wildly, forming raging waves within Luo Zheng's body!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul also underwent a strange change.
He felt as if he had fallen into Chaos …
Everything around him was gray and hazy, and he was constantly tumbling and rolling in this chaotic space …
After an unknown period of time, this tumbling finally slowed down. He seemed to have been pushed onto a piece of land. The moment he opened his eyes, he saw the huge World Tree!
And at the foot of the World Tree, there was an island!
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up …
The entire Sea of Chaos began to solidify!
The Sea of Chaos in his inner world was originally like a boundless sea. At this moment, a piece of land had appeared along the World Tree.
This piece of land wasn't large. It was only a small island …
Luo Zheng had seen this scene before.
Back when he entered Feng Nianyun's body, it was an island.
However, the size of that island was much larger than Luo Zheng's. Moreover, it had already given birth to low shrubs and many forests. There was even a relatively primitive tribe!
"I've already broken through to the Paramount Divine Realm …"
Although Luo Zheng was still in a very mysterious state, the scene in front of him made him understand that he had already broken through the Divine Sea Realm and stepped into the Extreme Divine Realm. That was why there was that green lightning tribulation!
It was this lightning tribulation that was filled with the energy of life that had given life to the entire Chaotic Ocean!
Here, Luo Zheng saw the evolution of time, the embryonic form of the world, and the evolution of life.
"Huala …"
Waves surged out of the brown ocean, rolling towards the small island.
Every time a wave swept over, a portion of the Chaotic Qi would condense on the island, and during this process, the island would constantly expand …
If one were to carefully observe the Primal Chaos Ocean, one would be able to see some black floating things mixed within.
After some floating monsters were washed onto the brown island, they drilled into the "soil" of the island. This soil was also formed by the chaotic gas. Soon after, the surface of the island turned sporadic green, and in the end, it became a piece of slippery moss!
Only when the evolution of life reached this point did it slow down.
Regardless of whether it was the plankton or the moss, they were the most primitive forms of life.
If one wanted to reproduce all kinds of life forms, or even humans, they would need enough time.
Feng Nianyun had spent a hundred thousand years, and only managed to evolve a primitive tribe. How long would it take for him to evolve humans?
…
Outside the Divine Realm …
In the endless Primal Chaos.
This was a forbidden land even for True Gods.
Only an extremely small number of mighty figures could travel through the Primal Chaos …
In ancient times, there were mighty figures who had once traveled a distance of a million fathoms into the Primal Chaos (one fathom was equivalent to a million miles), but the depths of the Primal Chaos were still the Primal Chaos.
Where the end was, no one knew …
At this moment, somewhere in the Primal Chaos, a small sphere spread out …
The sphere was like a bubble, rapidly expanding!
However, after expanding to a certain extent, it stopped, as if it was waiting for the next expansion.
If a mighty figure were to see this scene, they would be so shocked that they would be speechless. The bubble contained a World Tree, forming a world of its own!
Ever since the Axe of Good Fortune split open the heavens, the construction of all worlds revolved around the Divine Realm!
No one had ever been able to create a world of their own in the Primal Chaos!
The world in front of him was extremely small, so small that it was almost negligible to the Divine Realm.
However, this small world was still slowly expanding and contracting. It was unknown how much it would grow.
The vastness of the Primal Chaos was beyond imagination. Even those mighty figures would not be able to notice this small world …
…
When Luo Zheng observed to a certain extent, he suddenly opened his eyes, and a trace of joy appeared on his face.
After stepping into the pinnacle divine realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation had undergone a qualitative improvement!
Finally, his gaze fell on the lotus flower above his head. The slowly rotating lotus flower had 35 lotus leaves, but the last leaf still had not opened. He had not become a Daoist.
Looking at the lotus flower, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought …
"It seems that I still have to make a trip to the Sword Manor," he said indifferently.
His lotus flower was not complete, and it should have a lot to do with the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. Chen Huang Yijian had once told Luo Zheng that he still had a flaw that he had not comprehended. And this flaw could not rely on himself. The key was still in the Sword Manor!
That was why Chen Huang Yijian had inserted a sword talisman into Luo Zheng's arm.
Luo Zheng's movements now left him with three choices.
One was the Northern Twilight Star. At that time, the secret left behind by the massacre was on the Northern Twilight Star.
The second was that Luo Zheng most likely had to make a trip to the Demi-Immortal Tribe. In front of the Illusory Battlefield, those Sector Lords had blocked the immortal mansion, so Luo Zheng could not go to the Demi-Immortal Tribe.
Now, Luo Zheng had a third destination, which was the Sword Manor …
Thinking of this, he told Xun about his plan.
Xun's mood did not seem to improve. She still had that sickly look, without that valiant aura. She looked delicate and charming, making people feel pity for her.
Regarding this situation, Luo Zheng asked about it two or three times out of concern. But every time, Xun perfunctorily brushed him off. She was also indifferent to Luo Zheng, which made Luo Zheng very confused.
"These three places are extremely far from each other. Even if the immortal mansion flies, it will take decades to go back and forth between the two places …" Xun said. She thought for a while, then threw out a baffling sentence. "The future matters will be up to you to decide!"
"Phew …"
Xun suddenly dissipated in front of Luo Zheng, turning into wisps of sword spirit and entering Luo Zheng's body.
"This …" Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion.
Not far away, Mu Mingxue saw this scene, and a strange smile appeared on her face.
Although Xun was cold, Mu Mingxue had stayed in the immortal mansion for several years. As the saying goes, a bystander sees more clearly. She understood Xun's thoughts.
However, Xun had always been by Luo Zheng's side, so Mu Mingxue could not say it in front of him …
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng made a decision. He did not forget that this time, he brought another item out of the Illusory Battlefield.
Thus, Luo Zheng flipped his hand, and a small token appeared in his hand …
"What is this?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
Luo Zheng smiled. "This is a Teleportation Token …"
In the Illusory Battlefield, the Teleportation Token could allow Luo Zheng to move back and forth in a large world. Therefore, Luo Zheng thought of copying this Teleportation Token.

Chapter 1385
Teleportation was the only way to move long distances in the universe.
One needed to have a deep understanding of the law of space and be a sector lord to be able to teleport. The level of one's cultivation also seemed to determine the distance one could teleport.
When the celestial venerables wanted to capture Luo Zheng, it only took them a day or two to gather.
As for the sector lords behind them, they had to wait for a long time before they could catch up.
Mu Mingxue rested her chin on her hands. She didn't understand, but she didn't ask. She just silently watched Luo Zheng's every move.
Luo Zheng wasn't too sure if he could use the token in the universe …
With the infusion of Chaotic Qi, the Teleportation Medallion suddenly emitted a faint white glow.
"Hum …"
With a soft cry, the space around Luo Zheng seemed to shake!
"It worked?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
But the space kept shaking, as if some monster was trying to tear it apart. At the same time, there were muffled sounds like firecrackers exploding underwater.
"Pop pop pop pop pop …"
Mu Mingxue took a few steps back, feeling more and more puzzled. Was Luo Zheng going to summon a monster?
In the end, the series of muffled noises gradually subsided …
"It failed? That shouldn't be … "Luo Zheng frowned. If the token didn't work, there wouldn't have been such a commotion.
But he really didn't feel any ripples of the law of space …
At this moment, a figure flew over. It was Afo.
Afo was puzzled by Luo Zheng's actions, "Luo Zheng … you're planning to teleport here?"
"How do you know?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fu laughed involuntarily, "In this place, it's impossible to use Spatial Transference!"
This time, Luo Zheng was puzzled. "Why?"
Afo pointed to the sky, where a barrier covered the entire immortal residence.
In fact, this immortal abode wasn't located in the universe, but in that huge world. It was just an illusion created by a node created by Luo Zheng using the Gen Token.
Fu then told Luo Zheng that even a True God wouldn't be able to teleport in this immortal estate, let alone him. They would have to walk on foot.
"It's that powerful?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
When Luo Zheng first met the white tiger, he already felt that this forest was strange, but he didn't expect it to be so evil.
"Where is this place?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Afo only smiled, but didn't tell Luo Zheng the answer. He only said that Luo Zheng would know when the time came.
Luo Zheng didn't ask anymore. Afo only revealed limited information to Luo Zheng. He wouldn't say anything that Luo Zheng shouldn't know. Sometimes, Luo Zheng even suspected that this guy was a pure puppet …
In that case, Luo Zheng couldn't teleport here. He could only leave the immortal residence and try again in the universe.
Just from the commotion just now, Luo Zheng guessed that the teleportation token was effective.
He was seventy to eighty percent sure. He used the immortal residence to observe the situation outside.
Those Sector Lords seemed to have been summoned back by their respective races. However, he still had to be on guard. He had indeed obtained the title of Fantasy Battlefield's champion. Fate might be on his side, but it wasn't an absolute protective talisman.
If Yao arranged for a sector lord to hide, it would only take an instant to kill him.
Even if Luo Zheng stepped into the Extreme God realm and had a qualitative increase in his cultivation, he still didn't have a good way to deal with a sector lord. Unless he reached the Divine Transformation realm in his inner world, he might still have the strength to fight a sector lord. Even if he couldn't win, he might still have the strength to protect himself.
Being careful, Luo Zheng had Afo fly the immortal residence for a few more days. He even turned into a grain of sand and pierced through a star.
After leaving the star, Luo Zheng immediately left the immortal residence. Mu Mingxue originally wanted to follow Luo Zheng out, but Luo Zheng refused.
The moment he left the immortal residence, Luo Zheng activated the teleportation token in his hand.
The instant he activated the Teleportation Token, the violent spatial fluctuations were like a tornado, wrapping him up within!
"Weng …"
In that instant, the Teleportation Token seemed to have formed a connection with the entire universe!
And Luo Zheng once again fell into a space …
What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a majestic scene. The stars in the sky seemed to be condensed together, densely packed together like dazzling grains of sand. And below these grains of sand were pieces of circular plates …
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, his expression was somewhat excited.
He could already see that each circular plate was a great world. This was a miniature version of the entire universe!
The teleportation token could actually do such a thing. Its ability was almost beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
In addition to these circular plates, there were thin lines below each of them. Since there were a hundred thousand of these circular plates, they represented a hundred thousand great worlds. And these lines extended from the bottom of the circular plates all the way to the very bottom!
"That's a great world!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered incessantly. These lines were tangled and complicated, they should represent various ascension passages.
The entire universe had shrunk countless times and appeared in front of him. At a glance, it was indeed shocking enough.
When Luo Zheng had ascended and used his consciousness to travel among the stars, he had used this to look down on millions of great worlds. But at that time, Luo Zheng could not see the whole picture. The worlds that extended to extremely far places were covered in endless darkness.
Even now, Luo Zheng could not see clearly. He could only see that under the extension of this great world, it was divided into three sections by the dark fog. In other words, there were more than a million great worlds. The 'million great worlds' should be just an imaginary number.
Among these great worlds, there were many lines that did not extend in the direction of the Upper Realm. They seemed to extend to other places. Soon, Luo Zheng understood that those places should be the True Dragon Realm, the True Phoenix Realm, and other independent realms …
After understanding this, Luo Zheng stared at those rhombus-shaped great worlds. These three sections of the great worlds seemed to be the back of some kind of Ferocious Beast! These rhombus-shaped great worlds were the scales of some kind of Ferocious Beast.
Was it really a Ferocious Beast? Did such a huge Ferocious Beast really exist in this world?
At this stage, Luo Zheng did not understand the mystery. With the help of this Teleportation Token, Luo Zheng seemed to be able to easily choose his own location. After confirming it, he floated toward one of the discs.
"Using the Teleportation Token so soon …"
Hidden among the layers of auspicious clouds, the mysterious girl named Jiang Yu 'er revealed a faint smile. Luo Zheng naturally did not know that this Teleportation Token was so overbearing. It was all her means. Even a Celestial Master could only teleport forward again and again. Moreover, it was not easy to control the direction of long-distance teleportation. If one was not careful, they would be teleported to an inexplicable place.
If one wanted to reach a destination, he would have to teleport dozens or even hundreds of times. Something as convenient as the Teleportation Token had never appeared in the universe before.
Accompanied by a fierce flash of light, Luo Zheng appeared from nothingness.
The moment he appeared, Luo Zheng almost missed his step. He hurriedly operated his Dantian and floated up …
At this moment, he was high up in the sky. In front of him was a vast plain.
"White Sun Realm, an independent realm …"
There were not many independent realms in the universe. All the independent realms belonged to those big forces.
The White Sun Realm belonged to the independent warriors. It could be regarded as a place where countless independent warriors yearned for. This was because the famous "Sword Manor" was located in this independent realm.
Independent warriors were not restricted, and there were people of all races in this realm.
In fact, strictly speaking, the Sword Manor could be regarded as a big force. However, the Sword Manor did not have many restrictions on the independent warriors who joined it. For those independent warriors who yearned for freedom, it was an excellent home.
There were priorities. Luo Zheng still had many problems to solve. However, the most important thing now was to become a Daoist. Therefore, the trip to the Sword Manor was imperative for Luo Zheng …
After flying high up in the sky for a while, Luo Zheng noticed that many black dots appeared on the plain. They should be villages and cities. However, under a bird's eye view, they were as small as ants.

Chapter 1386
Although Luo Zheng used the teleportation token to enter the White Sun Realm, it still took a long time to travel through a large realm.
To get to the sword manor, one had to pass through a large realm passageway.
Moreover, Luo Zheng only knew that the sword manor was in the White Sun Realm, but he didn't know its exact location. However, Luo Zheng soon realized that entering the sword manor wasn't that easy …
When they were halfway down, Luo Zheng patted his head and took out the Gen token.
He forgot to let Mu Mingxue out.
Afo had been staying in the immortal abode as a puppet for thousands of years, so it didn't matter.
As for Shenzi Shenzi, he was so engrossed in refining that he probably couldn't be dragged out …
However, Mu Mingxue had been trapped in the immortal abode for many years. When he first used the teleportation token, Mu Mingxue asked to come out with him, but Luo Zheng rejected her. After all, there was still a certain amount of danger at that time. Mu Mingxue also listened to him and never forced him.
Now that Luo Zheng had teleported here, even a Heavenly Venerable wouldn't be able to calculate it in a short time. Naturally, he wasn't afraid.
At this moment, after Luo Zheng activated the Gen token, he connected with the immortal abode and sent a voice transmission in.
Mu Mingxue was waiting at the door. However, her personality was like this. If she felt that Luo Zheng was in a difficult position, she wouldn't come out. In fact, her heart had already flown outside. Anyone who was trapped in the immortal abode for a few years would be bored.
Therefore, just as Luo Zheng transmitted his voice, Mu Mingxue suddenly appeared beside Luo Zheng. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to float in mid-air and fall straight down the moment she appeared.
After Luo Zheng pulled her, Mu Mingxue stabilized her body.
Returning to the universe, she looked at the vast plains and smiled slightly. She couldn't help but stretch. These few years had really suffocated her, but she didn't seem to have any complaints …
The two of them, one in front and one behind, were still a thousand feet above the city when huge maple leaves appeared, revealing a faint power. That was the restriction of flight.
"Let's enter through the city gate." Luo Zheng circled around with Mu Mingxue and entered through the front of the city.
After asking around, they found out that the city was in the north of the White Sun Realm, and the sword manor was in the southeast.
Therefore, after paying some supreme-grade True Origin stones, Luo Zheng took Mu Mingxue into the spatial passageway, and then turned into the great realm passageway …
Even traveling through the realm passageway, it took them about half a month's time.
Along the way, Mu Mingxue appeared to be very happy, as if she was a prisoner who had been locked up for many years and finally regained her freedom …
However, Xun remained immersed in Luo Zheng's body.
Half a month later, they left the realm passageway and arrived at the sword manor.
Although there was a 'manor' in the two words' sword manor ', it didn't mean that this force was small. After all, the sword manor was at the top level among independent martial artists. The sword manor had given birth to a Heavenly Venerable like Chen Huang Yijian.
As the light of the spatial laws dissipated, Mu Mingxue saw the scene in front of her and exclaimed, "What a big sword …"
The entire great realm of the White Sun Realm seemed to be a plain. After exiting the spatial passageway, the scenery in front of them could be seen. The great realm was located in a huge and flat city. In the distance, there was a huge sword inserted into the ground …
This great realm passageway was very busy. There were people coming in and out constantly. When someone heard Mu Mingxue's words, he couldn't help but roll his eyes and whisper, "I wonder which corner it came from …"
Before he could finish his sentence, the people around him interrupted him. They glanced at Luo Zheng, warning him not to speak carelessly.
Luo Zheng had already stepped into the Extreme Divine Realm. His strength had increased by a level, so his status in the eyes of others would naturally increase. After all, as long as one was a Extreme Divine Realm martial artist, they could find a good job in an ordinary tenth grade holy land. Ordinary martial artists didn't want to provoke Luo Zheng.
"It's really big." Luo Zheng looked at it and estimated that the sword was tens of thousands of feet high. This sword must have been made by someone. It was probably the symbol of the sword manor.
Luo Zheng only had one goal, and that was to go to the sword manor to train his sword intent. He hoped to complete the Emotion Severing Divine Path and perfect the last lotus flower.
This sword manor was the holy land of the world's swordsmen. Even the swordsmen of large forces would go to the sword manor to train their sword intent. Xun was one example …
After spending a few scattered True Essence Stones, Luo Zhengcai found a local martial artist. After some inquiries, Luo Zhengcai learned that the city beneath his feet was called Sword Hearing City. The culture of the Sword Dao was very rich. Along the way, he could see many Sword Pavilions. It was said that even ordinary people would practice the sword for self-defense.
"Young master, if you want to visit the sword manor, I'm afraid it won't be so convenient," the martial artist said, shaking his head.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
The martial artist glanced at Luo Zheng, "Young master is also a Extreme Divine Realm martial artist. You can be considered a top figure among independent martial artists. But since ancient times, the rules have been very strict. To enter the sword manor, you must first go to the sword hall. You can only enter after obtaining a nine-star sword token …"
"Nine-star sword token?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
The martial artist smiled faintly, "If young master is a swordsman and has profound attainments in sword arts, it shouldn't be difficult for you to obtain this sword token. But there are only three days left this month …"
Luo Zheng thought that anyone could enter the sword manor at will. He didn't know that there was such a rule. Seeing that the martial artist was very cautious, he meant that this rule had never been broken since ancient times. To enter the sword manor, one must obtain a nine-star sword token.
At that time, Chen Huang's Yi Sword had left a sword-shaped mark on Luo Zheng's body. With this mark, it shouldn't be a problem to enter the sword manor.
According to this martial artist, this rule had never been broken before. Luo Zheng had to do as the Romans do …
After explaining the rules, Luo Zheng quickly understood. There were countless Sword Halls around the Sword Manor, and they taught swordsmen and martial artists. These martial artists would be able to obtain their own Sword Token after competing with each other for several levels.
In fact, when Luo Zheng stepped into the great world passage, he could be considered to have entered the sword manor. However, this was a sword manor in a broad sense. It could be said that it was a place and a big force. A real sword manor required a sword token to reach nine stars.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. Under the martial artist's lead, he found a sword hall.
After entering the sword hall, he spent a few True Yuan Stones to buy his own sword token …
In this sword hall, there were many people like Luo Zheng. He was a swordsman from the outside world who had reached a bottleneck in his cultivation. Therefore, he came to the sword manor, hoping to break through his shackles. However, they didn't know that the one who guided Luo Zheng here was Chen Huang's Yi Sword, the former master of the sword manor.
Therefore, the sword hall quickly sent someone to compete with Luo Zheng. That person was only in the Life and Death realm. How could he be a match for Luo Zheng?
Seeing that Luo Zheng was in the Extreme God Realm, the opponent knew that he wasn't a match for him.
After one sword strike, the victor was decided. It could be considered as a formality. Luo Zheng left with a two star sword token.
Not far away, Luo Zheng entered a relatively bigger sword hall with a two star sword token. Once again, he used one sword strike and came out with a three star sword token …
As Luo Zheng went deeper and deeper, those sword halls became more and more imposing. Of course, Luo Zheng's opponents also became more and more powerful.
However, facing these Life and Death realm and Spirit Sea realm opponents …
Luo Zheng would always use one sword strike. He didn't need a second sword strike.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's token changed from three star to six star. The whole process only took half a day.
This speed was nothing. After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation base was very high. Moreover, this was only a threshold to enter the sword hall. If Luo Zheng encountered difficulties here, he might as well find a brick and smash himself to death.
Mu Mingxue followed Luo Zheng everywhere. During this process, Mu Mingxue bought a map of the sword hall and inquired about some information. She adapted very quickly. By the time Luo Zheng obtained a seven star token, she could already act as Luo Zheng's tour guide.
"Only the six sword halls can give out eight star and nine star sword tokens. The closest one … is in that direction!" Mu Mingxue thought for a moment and reminded, "These six sword halls are equivalent to traditional ninth grade forces. However, for Young Master, it should be very simple!"
Mu Mingxue had gotten into character. She was very detailed in gathering information.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1387
This sword pavilion was called the Breeze Sword Pavilion, and it was one of the six major sword pavilions under the Sword Villa. The eight-star and nine-star sword tokens could be exchanged in the Breeze Sword Pavilion.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, it would be best to obtain the nine-star sword token in one day.
Along the way, they shuttled through various sword pavilions to obtain the tokens from one-star to seven-star. Their speed was already extremely fast, but it still took them half a day. When Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue arrived in front of the Breeze Sword Pavilion, the pavilion had already closed its doors …
"It seems that we can only stay for one more day." Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless smile.
Many martial artists spent years to advance from one-star sword tokens to nine-star sword tokens. That was also the path of growth for a swordsman.
After continuously advancing in the various sword pavilions and comprehending the way of the sword to a certain extent, one would naturally be qualified to enter the Sword Villa …
This was also the reason why the Sword Villa could attract so many independent martial artists.
The Sword Villa had no restrictions on independent martial artists. As long as they wholeheartedly focused on the way of the sword and comprehended the way of the sword to a certain level, the Sword Villa would selflessly open its doors to those independent martial artists.
Compared to the tens of thousands of people kneeling at the entrance of some tenth-rank Holy Lands, this kind of scene would not be seen at the entrance of the Sword Villa.
Luo Zheng, who was a "half-baked" person, naturally could not be counted among them. That was why he could obtain the seven-star sword token in one day. This speed was already extremely fast.
"We need to find a place to settle down tonight. Tomorrow, we will go to the Breeze Sword Pavilion," Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue timidly said in a low voice, "Can we walk around the city?"
Hearing Mu Mingxue's small request, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Why not?"
Mu Mingxue's face immediately revealed a joyful expression. Her temperament was relatively stable, and it seemed that she was indeed very happy …
Not long after, Mu Mingxue inquired about some good markets in this big city.
Ever since Luo Zheng ascended, he had never understood the culture of the human race in the Upper Realm. Under the guidance of Mu Mingxue, this was the first time he had the leisure to wander around the bustling market.
During this time, Luo Zheng also asked Xun if she wanted to come out, but he didn't get a response from her …
This market square was very lively. Almost all of them were independent martial artists.
An independent cultivator was different from a cultivator who belonged to a great force. Cultivators who belonged to a Holy Land had the support of pills and Secret Arts from the Holy Land. With such benefits, they could concentrate on their cultivation, but the price was that they had to help the Holy Land complete missions, and most of the final rewards would be given to the Holy Land.
Independent martial artists didn't have those benefits, but they had to work hard for everything. Some martial artists went out to explore and found some good things to trade in the market square.
As they strolled through the city square, Luo Zheng didn't have much interest in the items. As for Mu Mingxue, she looked left and right and bought many small items. The price of these items was usually maintained at several top-grade true essence stones.
After a few rounds, Luo Zheng found that this market square had a much higher standard than Luo Zheng had imagined.
Many of the martial artists were in the Life and Death Realm, and many of them were in the Spirit Sea Realm. Along the way, they met several Extreme God Realm masters. Mu Mingxue brought him here because she knew that this market square was a relatively "high-end" trading place in the Sword Village. There were even some divine weapons for sale.
At this moment, there was a clamor in front of them …
"The auction is starting. Let's go!"
"It should be the last three Nine Star Sword Tokens this month. If we miss it, we won't have another chance!"
"But the price is so high. Where can we get so many Zhen Yuanyu?"
These martial artists rushed over there. Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue looked at each other with some doubts in their eyes.
How could the Nine Star Sword Tokens be bought?
Through the previous Sword Pavilions, Luo Zheng knew that the Sword Token was a kind of recognition for swordsmen. But he didn't know that there were people who could sell Sword Tokens. What was going on?
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he quietly shuttled through the crowd. Mu Mingxue also stepped forward and followed him.
There was a high platform in the center of the market square. On the platform, there were three Extreme God Realm warriors. Seeing that almost everyone had arrived, the leader of the Extreme God Realm warriors shouted in a cold voice, "Of the 500 Nine Star Sword Tokens this month, 497 have been sold. These are the last three tokens. You can name your price. If you miss this chance, you have to wait for another month …"
"The starting price is 100 Zhen Yuanyu!"
As soon as the leader finished his words, the martial artists below all started to bid.
"100!"
"115 …"
"120."
Most of the bidders were warriors in the Spirit Sea Realm. There were also a few Extreme God Realm warriors who bid.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned even harder.
Before this, Luo Zheng had a trace of admiration for the Sword Village. After all, it was a righteous act to open such a big Sword Village to all the swordsmen in the world.
It was called the orthodox way of the sword. People who chose swords as weapons had a kind of righteousness …
"My friend, what do you mean by auctioning the Sword Token? Isn't the Sword Token won through the sword competition? "Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the warrior next to him sneered, "What you said is old history. The Nine Star Sword Token is the qualification to enter the Sword Village. You can enter the Sword Village easily if you get the Sword Token? How can there be such a good thing in the world? "
"But isn't this the rule of the Sword Village? Aren't they using the name of the Sword Village for their own personal gain? " Luo Zheng asked again. He thought that he would be able to enter the Sword Village tomorrow. Judging by the situation, it wouldn't be easy to get the Nine Star Sword Token.
Although his voice wasn't loud, the Extreme God Realm warrior on the high platform heard it. The Extreme God Realm warrior stared at Luo Zheng, raised the Nine Star Sword Token in his hand, and walked to the edge of the high platform. He looked down at Luo Zheng and said, "You must be joking. The Sword Village gave us the right to the Six Sword Schools. So what if we auction it?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his head and asked indifferently, "Then if I go to the Breeze Sword School to compete tomorrow, I won't be able to get the Nine Star Sword Token?"
The other party sneered, "Of course you won't be able to get it. If you want to get it, then wait for another month. You can get ten Nine Star Sword Tokens every month. Let's see if you are good enough! Haha … "
Following the rise of Yi Jian Tianzun, the reputation of the Sword Village spread far and wide. More and more warriors came to train. Not only were there independent warriors, but there were also many swordsmen from great powers.
However, there were only five hundred spots to enter the Sword Village every month. The Six Sword Schools firmly held onto the Nine Star Sword Token. At first, they were able to follow the rules. However, following the disappearance of Yi Jian Tianzun, the Sword Village gradually became more utilitarian. Although the rules set by Chen Huang Yijian were still there, no one followed them.
"You are breaking the rules of the Sword Village." Luo Zheng's voice also became cold. Chen Huang Yijian could be considered a favor to Luo Zheng. He first comprehended the Yi Shen Sword and was personally polished by him in the Karma Hall. He could be considered half a master. Chen Huang Yijian definitely didn't expect that after his "disappearance", the Sword Village would sell the right to him. How would he feel?
The warrior on the high platform originally had a smile on his face. However, after hearing these words, a chill appeared on his face. "Brat, this is the Sword Village. As the saying goes, disaster comes from the mouth. If you can't afford it, then scram. Don't be an eyesore here!"
These words were quite impolite. Obviously, he didn't take Luo Zheng's cultivation of the God Realm seriously.
Another warrior on the high platform, however, said with a strange smile: "The price of the Nine Star Sword Token is not expensive. Normally, it's only two or three hundred Zhen Yuanyu. If you don't have the money and really want it, hehe, give me that maid of yours at the Spirit Sea Realm and give me a hundred or so Zhen Yuanyu as a bonus. That should be enough!"
That warrior's eyes fell on Mu Mingxue.
There weren't many female warriors who had cultivated to the Spirit Sea Realm, and there were even fewer independent warriors. That warrior took a fancy to Mu Mingxue's beauty and saw that Mu Mingxue was following Luo Zheng. He was tempted.
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly became cold. A faint killing intent flashed through his pupils.
Those warriors who were originally participating in the auction instantly distanced themselves. These independent warriors were as smart as rabbits. It seemed that it would be difficult to be kind.
But who on earth was this young man?
Relying on his cultivation of the God Realm, he intended to behave atrociously in the Sword Village. He would probably end up in a miserable state …
Most of the independent warriors looked at Luo Zheng and thought so in their hearts.
These independent warriors were all swordsmen. Some of them even went bankrupt to cross the big world. They traveled a long distance to come here because they were attracted by the Sword Village's reputation. They just wanted to improve their swordsmanship.

Chapter 1388
The people on the stage indeed did not put Luo Zheng in their eyes.
Auctioning the Nine Star Sword Token had already become something that the Sword Villa had tacitly agreed to. Zhen Yuanyu would even hand over a certain percentage of the auction proceeds.
This had already become a rule for entering the Sword Villa.
If the brat below the stage wanted to cause trouble and alarm the Sword Villa, he would probably be directly killed.
Seeing that this brat did not know anything, he was probably an independent martial artist without any backing. No one would come to ask if he killed an independent martial artist.
Mu Mingxue was somewhat regretful in her heart. It seemed that she had brought trouble to Luo Zheng again. But thinking about it, if she did not bring Luo Zheng around the market tonight, she would not be able to obtain the Nine Star Sword Token tomorrow.
At this moment, seeing the strange gazes of the Martial Warriors on the stage, her eyebrows furrowed slightly. However, Mu Mingxue did not say anything. Everything depended on Luo Zheng's plan.
"Are you willing or not?" The Martial Warriors on the stage stared at Luo Zheng with a face full of ridicule and sneered. He naturally knew that Luo Zheng was unwilling. However, these words could also disgust Luo Zheng, but he was certain that Luo Zheng would not dare to make a move here.
If Luo Zheng really had great ability and came from some great power, why would he need the Nine Star Sword Token? He directly entered the Sword Villa. The Sword Villa welcomed geniuses from great powers!
To put it bluntly, the Martial Warriors who fought for the Nine Star Sword Token every month were basically all independent Martial Warriors …
"Huff …"
Luo Zheng let out a light breath, and his gaze became colder and colder.
He did not want to disturb the Sword Villa too much. He only wanted to follow the path that Chen Huang Yijian had pointed out and improve his sword dao.
However, many things in this world were often like this. It was almost impossible for everything to go smoothly.
Today, he would probably have to replace the Sword-fighting Empyrean and teach his disciples a lesson.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to make a move, a dense baleful aura leaked out from his body, and a slender figure rushed towards the stage …
Fighting was strictly prohibited in the city square, and very few people would break the rules here. Therefore, the mood of these martial artists in the city square was very relaxed.
As this infernal aura erupted, all the martial artists felt as if a stone was pressing down on their hearts. A stifling feeling arose spontaneously. Even those who hadn't paid attention to this side knew that a conflict had occurred here!
The slender figure was none other than Xun.
After Luo Zheng returned from the Dream Battlefield, Fumigation's reaction was a bit strange.
Other than being very happy when he first saw the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he was very quiet most of the time.
In the past, Fumigate didn't talk much, but now, Fumigate didn't have much energy.
Luo Zheng knew something was wrong when he saw Xun suddenly release such a huge amount of murderous aura …
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't let this group of people off for speaking rudely. He would definitely teach them a lesson.
But looking at Smoky's imposing manner, it was as if he was going to kill someone.
The three martial artists on the high platform still had mocking smiles on their faces a moment ago. They originally thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't make a move. But now, Luo Zheng indeed didn't make a move, but a figure rushed out from his body!
Feeling that astonishing murderous aura, the three martial artists knew something was wrong. Three long swords suddenly came out of their scabbards!
However, Fumigate's soul had already recovered by more than half. With the help of Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, his strength had made a substantial leap. Now, Fumigate only lacked an outer shell. These Divine Realm martial artists couldn't resist Fumigate at all.
One of them had just pulled out his long sword when Fumigate's hand lightly brushed the edge of the sword. For some reason, that long sword automatically jumped into Fumigate's hand.
After the long sword was in her hand, Fumigate spun it in her hand and was about to cut down the throat of another martial artist!
That martial artist was just about to dodge when a red light flashed in Fumigate's eyes. A huge amount of soul pressure mixed with murderous aura erupted. That martial artist was actually unable to move as if he had been immobilized …
Just as Fumigate's sword was about to cut down without hesitation, another figure flashed by.
"Puff!" A sound was heard.
Luo Zheng sent that Divine Realm martial artist flying with a punch. He fell to the ground in the distance.
Fumigate didn't stop at all. She spun her long sword and reversed it, piercing through her ribs and stabbing at another Divine Realm martial artist behind her …
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng sent another punch. That martial artist was like a kite with a broken string. He was once again sent flying. He probably only had half of his life left.
"You!"
Fumigate's eyebrows suddenly jumped. She glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. Then, she slightly shifted her gaze and looked at the last remaining Divine Realm martial artist.
This time, Fumigate didn't make a move. Luo Zheng's figure was like a ghost. He took a step forward and sent out another punch.
"These people spoke rudely. It's enough to punish them. There's no need to take their lives," Luo Zheng looked at Fumigate and said softly.
Fumigate stared at Luo Zheng. She didn't refute Luo Zheng's words. She casually threw the long sword she snatched on the ground. It turned into bits of red light and entered Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. He was becoming more and more confused about Fumigate's thoughts.
"Young master, the sword tokens," Mu Mingxue had two nine-star sword tokens in her hand. She took advantage of the chaos just now to get these two sword tokens.
Luo Zheng disdained to use this kind of method to get the sword tokens. The problem was that Fumigate didn't plan on exchanging sword tokens for them. Apart from auctioning them, the only other method left was to snatch them.
Below the high platform, those independent martial artists were also discussing spiritedly.
They were shocked by Luo Zheng's methods …
When Fumigate appeared just now, they didn't see clearly what was going on. Now that they saw Fumigate into bits of red light and enter Luo Zheng's body, they understood that it was Luo Zheng's sword spirit.
"That sword spirit's soul power is so powerful …"
"The key is her mixed Evil Qi, right?"
"I don't know where this young man came from, but if he makes such a ruckus here, I'm afraid he will suffer a loss!"
In fact, there should be no one in the universe who didn't know the name Luo Zheng. They only needed to ponder for a moment to guess Luo Zheng's identity. After all, a human martial artist who used a woman from the Demon Night Clan as his sword spirit was very rare in the universe.
However, the universe was so vast and there were so many martial artists that it was impossible to count them. They simply didn't expect that the legendary Luo Zheng, the champion of this Dream War, would actually appear in front of them. Moreover, he was fighting over a nine-star sword token. This was too strange.
Most importantly, the Sword Villa only had one dream space, and only the core members of the Sword Villa were qualified to view it. The martial artists in this market were only disciples of the various Sword Pavilions. They naturally weren't qualified to see the picture scroll, nor had they seen Luo Zheng's appearance.
Luo Zheng grabbed the two sword tokens and nodded. Just as he was about to receive them, three people stepped on flying swords in the skies, hurtling towards him …
The surrounding cities of the Sword Villa also prohibited flying. Normally, when a martial artist flew in the skies, they couldn't fly higher than 100 feet, otherwise they would trigger a flying spell.
The three people howled through the air, clearly unaffected by the flying spell. The one in the lead roared out, "Who dares to cause trouble?"
"Divine Transformation realm." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Before entering the Dream War, if Luo Zheng were to encounter a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse, he would only be able to flee. But now, he should have the strength to fight a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse.
And the key was that there were three Divine Transformation realm powerhouses …
This market was originally under the jurisdiction of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion. It was only 4-5 miles away from the Sword Pavilion. To a martial artist, this was a distance that could be crossed with a single step.
In normal circumstances, there were very few people that dared to cause trouble here.
Of the three people that rushed over, one was the Pavilion Master of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion and the other two were high level figures of the Sword Villa.
The Pavilion Master of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion had a violent temper. As he saw the three people from his sect lying unconscious in three different places, he was immediately enraged. He unsheathed his Clear Breeze Sword and slashed out with a sharp blue sword light. This blue sword light flew a thousand feet towards Luo Zheng!
He raised his hand to kill!
As the people in the market saw this, they all cried out in alarm. They covered their heads and fled like rats.
They all knew that the Pavilion Master of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion had a fiery temper. If they weren't careful, they would be implicated in this mess and die in vain. It was indeed fun to watch the show, but it wasn't worth it to lose their lives.
As for the martial artists that were a bit further away, they couldn't help but sigh.
"Looking at that youth's skeletal age, he shouldn't be too old. With such strength, it's a pity …"
"Haha, did he really think that there was no price for causing trouble in the Sword Villa? If he didn't have eyes, then he deserved to die. He didn't even look at where he was. "

Chapter 1389
This blue sword light faintly had the intent to break through space!
The High Arena Master was a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse and his inner world had reached large success. As this sword slashed out, the strength contained within it caused one to feel dread.
"Humph!"
Luo Zheng lifted his hand and the Thunder Wind Divine Sword also slashed out. An unstoppable sword light brought with it a sharp cry as it collided with the blue sword light!
Chi la …
As the two sword lights collided, countless cracks appeared in the surrounding space, as if they had been bitten by a dog.
Luo Zheng had only used 80% of his strength in this sword strike and he hadn't used the Origin Returning Sword. Even so, it was enough to annihilate that blue light!
There were many martial artists in the city square that ran off to watch the show.
Although the High Arena Master had a violent temper, he hadn't come here to attack them. In order to ensure their own safety, they also wanted to see what would happen to that youth.
As a result, many of the martial artists were stunned by this sword strike.
This youth only had an early Divine Reaching realm cultivation, but with a casual sword strike, he was actually able to tie with the High Arena Master?
"How is this possible …"
"A Divine Reaching realm cultivation can easily block the High Arena Master's sword strike …"
"Could he be a proud son of heaven from some great influence?"
Luo Zheng had encountered many proud sons of heaven in the Dream Battlefield.
But, the chances of encountering a proud son of heaven in the universe were extremely low. There were 100,000 great worlds and less than 1000 proud sons of heaven. The chances of encountering a so-called 'proud son of heaven' were much lower than encountering a 'Holy Lord' of a Holy Land!
"It's impossible for him to be a proud son of heaven. A proud son of heaven needs a Nine Star Sword Token to enter the Sword Villa? I fear even the Villa Master of the Sword Villa would personally welcome him. Behind him is likely an Empyrean level powerhouse! "
"Then this fellow …"
The High Arena Master's sword strike was actually able to tie with Luo Zheng. Although he was stunned, he became even more enraged.
In truth, he already had a taboo in his heart. A Divine Reaching realm cultivation that was able to withstand his sword strike could not be underestimated. This youth needed to be at least at the level of a proud son of heaven!
What's more, Luo Zheng looked so calm that he didn't seem to be using his full strength!
However, as the owner of the Cool Breeze Martial House and this was his territory, he had lost a lot of face when his sword was blocked. Taking advantage of the anger in his chest, he did not bother to think about the identity of the other party and raised his hand, preparing to slash out a second time. This time, he would need to use his entire life's worth of cultivation.
However, just as the Cool Breeze Martial Artist raised his hand, an arm reached out from the side and grabbed him!
"Brother Qingfeng, you can't." That person was a senior deacon of the Sword Manor. His name was Han Ping, and he was in charge of communicating with the Sword Hall outside the Sword Manor.
He had paid close attention to the opening of the Illusory Battlefield this time. The three hundred people in the picture scroll were firmly imprinted in his mind. As for the top ten people, he remembered them even more clearly!
Just now, when he came over with the Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club, he felt that Luo Zheng looked familiar.
However, it was currently dark, and under the illumination of the lanterns, it was hard to distinguish clearly. However, when he saw the Thunder Wind Divine Sword in Luo Zheng's hand, he immediately remembered. When the Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club used his first sword strike, he knew that things were not going well!
In the end, when he saw that Luo Zheng had easily blocked it, he sighed in his heart. As expected of the number one genius, the main character of this generation.
The Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club was furious and wanted to slash out a second time, but Han Ping naturally stopped him …
"Brother Han Ping, why are you stopping me!" The Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club could not get out of this embarrassing situation. He could not slash out a second time, but he wanted to ask Han Ping for an explanation. As for what the explanation was, it was not important. The most important thing was that he could save some face.
"Brother Qingfeng, didn't you notice that his sword strike was very special?" Han Ping said with a faint smile.
The Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club frowned. After thinking for half a breath, his expression changed greatly!
Sword-fighting Technique …
This fellow cultivated the sword technique of the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign!
As the former master of the Sword Villa, the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign could be said to have used his own strength to forcefully raise the once insignificant Sword Villa by two levels, turning it into the largest power among the independent martial artists!
It was also because the Sword Villa believed in freedom and did not want to restrain independent martial artists, much less expand their territory. Therefore, they did not evolve into those large Holy Lands. However, the influence of the Sword Villa at that time was no longer comparable to that of a second-rate race in the universe!
There were countless sword techniques in the Sword Villa …
However, there was only one supreme sword technique, and that was the Sword-fighting Technique.
Unfortunately, the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign did not pass down the Sword-fighting Technique. He only left behind a poem in the Orange Sea Realm …
In the past, the Sword Villa had sent a large number of people into the Orange Sea Realm in an attempt to unravel the secrets within, but in the end, they returned without success. Even a few years ago, when the Human Alliance had not expelled outsiders, there were still independent martial artists from the Sword Villa who were comprehending it.
However, the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's Sword-fighting Technique was not passed down in the end.
Because of the Illusory Battlefield, the people of the Sword Villa knew that there was someone in the universe who had almost perfectly inherited the Sword-fighting Technique. That person was naturally Luo Zheng.
However, wasn't Luo Zheng rumored to be trapped in the Heaven Region?
The Illusory Battlefield had just ended a few days ago, and he had already come to the Sword Villa? How could his speed be so fast? Even a Heavenly Sovereign would not be able to do so, right?
The Lord of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts School was also a shrewd person. Since it was Luo Zheng, this matter was easy to handle.
If he lost to an ordinary Divine Realm martial artist, then he, the Lord of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts School, would have lost face tonight.
However, Luo Zheng was different. He was already the legendary number one person in the future!
Just now, the Lord of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts School was still in a state of uncontrollable rage, but now, he laughed. "I was wondering who it was! So it's Luo Zheng Daozi who has graced our Sword Villa with his presence! However, he did not say anything in advance. Our Sword Villa has failed to welcome him! I was too impatient just now. I'm sorry! " When he said these words, there was a slight awkwardness in his eyes. It was very rare for someone of his status to apologize so cleanly.
However, the two words "Luo Zheng" were enough to alleviate this awkwardness!
Han Ping also took a step forward. His figure floated, and he arrived on the high platform. He clasped his hands towards Luo Zheng. "This one is Sword Villa's Han Ping. Daozi Luo Zheng Daozi has personally come to visit. Our Sword Villa has been rude."
Luo Zheng had actually not become a Daozi, but this was not important. Because he had defeated a Daozi, then in the eyes of others, he had the possibility of becoming a True God in the future!
"Luo Zheng?"
"The champion of the Illusory Battlefield this time!"
"No way, why did he come to our Sword Villa …"
When the originally silent martial artists in the marketplace heard the two words "Luo Zheng", they suddenly understood.
In their eyes, a person like Luo Zheng should have gone to the Demi-Immortal Clan, the Deities Without Thoughts, or the Human Alliance …
Compared to these great powers, the Sword Villa was somewhat insignificant. If there was a supreme expert like Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign in the past, it would have been a good match. Now, what could the Sword Villa have that could catch Luo Zheng's attention?
Of the three martial artists that were smashed out by Luo Zheng, two had already woken up. When they heard Han Ping's words, they almost fainted again.
These two brothers were even more furious in their hearts. Damn it, if I had said earlier that you were Luo Zheng, then I would have given you this Nine Star Sword Token.
Thinking about it, it was still not right. Since you are Luo Zheng, why do you want this Nine Star Sword Token? Just go straight to the Sword Villa, who would stop you?
The two of them cursed in their hearts, but they did not dare to show it on their faces. They only hoped that Luo Zheng would let them go. Otherwise, the Hall Master would push the responsibility onto them, and they would be finished.
There was still one martial artist who was still unconscious. That martial artist actually asked Luo Zheng to give Mu Mingxue to him. If he knew that it was Luo Zheng, he would probably faint again …
The coldness on Luo Zheng's face melted a little, but he still said sarcastically, "I have long heard of the Sword Villa's great name. It is a holy land in the hearts of independent martial artists, but I didn't know that the Sword Villa was so difficult to enter. Those who enter the Sword Villa do not rely on their comprehension of the Sword Dao or their passion for the Sword Dao, but they rely on the True Origin Stones in their pockets. Haha, I wonder how Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign would feel if he knew! In the future, when he returns and sees this, I'm afraid he will be incomparably disappointed! "
Luo Zheng's words struck a chord in the hearts of many independent martial artists present.
They had traveled a long distance to come here, relying on their dedication to the Sword Dao. They hoped to temper an even stronger Sword Intent, but in the end, they did not rely on their own strength. They still had to use Zhen Yuanyu to auction in order to be able to enter the Sword Villa. The disappointment in their hearts was hard to describe.
When Han Ping heard Luo Zheng's words, his heart suddenly lit up. He heard the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words. Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign did not fall?
As he thought this in his heart, his expression became more and more sincere. "This Nine Star Sword Token is indeed improper! I will report this matter and make adjustments. Since Daozi Luo Zheng has come to the Sword Villa, please come in for a chat! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1391
Bi Feiyu and the two elders behind him, as Sector Lords, understood the rules and restrictions even more than Luo Zheng.
Empyrean becoming a True God?
There was no precedent for this.
It was because of this that they found it hard to believe.
There had been Sector Lords who had become True Gods. Although the probability was small, it was still possible.
However, after Empyreans inherited the Mandate of Heaven, this possibility was erased. They would never be able to cross this Heavenly Dao.
But …
This time, "Soft Whisper", also known as Ying, had easily crossed the Heavenly Dao's restrictions. This had already opened the eyes of everyone in the universe.
The rules were dead, but people were alive.
Chen Huang Yijian was a genius who had walked out of the Sword Manor. Perhaps he had a way to break this rule?
However, regarding this point, Luo Zheng himself did not understand.
The reason he knew that Chen Huang Yijian had become a True God was because of Chen Huang Yijian's position in the Emperor's Corridor …
Perhaps the key was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao that Chen Huang Yijian cultivated?
"I wonder where Luo Zheng obtained this information. Or perhaps Dao Child Luo Zheng has seen Empyrean Yi Jian before?" Bi Feiyu asked again.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I came to the Sword Manor because of his words. I want to continue tempering my sword intent …"
After speaking, Luo Zheng raised his arm …
From the upper half of his arm, a bright blue light began to flash. It was a sword imprint!
This sword imprint was the one that Chen Huang Yijian had inserted into Luo Zheng's arm.
Bi Feiyu did not speak. The two elders behind him let out a strange cry …
"Wen Qing Sword Heart!"
"How could it be in your hands!"
The two elders were old monsters who had lived for countless years. As Sector Lords, they did not have the demeanor of a Sector Lord.
When Luo Zheng stood up, Mu Mingxue also stood up with Luo Zheng and followed behind Luo Zheng. At this moment, seeing these three Sector Lords shocked, she felt it was funny.
World Lords were all characters that could dominate a large world. Why were they all like this?
Mu Mingxue had ascended to the Upper Realm not long ago and spent most of her time in the Immortal Mansion. She naturally didn't know that the three people in charge of the Sword Manor were people with great backgrounds in the universe, especially the current Manor Master Bi Feiyu. His strength was an expert among the Sector Lords and was comparable to the Great Sector Lords of those great powers.
If not for this, in the absence of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, it would have been very difficult for them to maintain the current situation of the Sword Villa. But then again, what the hell is this Wen Qing Sword Heart?
Luo Zheng was also puzzled. He stared at the three of them, hoping for an answer.
He thought that this sword-shaped imprint was just a keepsake of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, but looking at the reactions of these three people, this sword-shaped imprint did not seem to be that simple? If that was the case, then what was Chen Huang Yijian's goal?
After the two old men cried out for a while, they suddenly fell silent. They looked at Luo Zheng with an extremely strange gaze.
Even the most normal Bi Feiyu was frowning slightly as he sized up Luo Zheng. His gaze was frighteningly sharp. Staring at Luo Zheng made people feel a little scared.
"Wen Qing Sword Heart … What is it?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Bi Feiyu did not answer Luo Zheng's question. He only stared at Luo Zheng. After a while, he let out a long sigh, "Luo Zheng, if you don't mind, please stay in my Sword Manor today. I'm afraid I can only give you an answer tomorrow."
Luo Zheng was confused. But the other party was the master of the Sword Manor and he was a guest from afar. Since that was the case, he could only wait …
After settling Luo Zheng down, Bi Feiyu and the two old men moved to another large hall. This was the Sword Manor's Sword Heart Pavilion. Bi Feiyu took out a small jade sword and threw it high into the air. This small jade sword pierced through the ceiling of the Sword Heart Pavilion and shot into the sky, turning into hundreds of jade sword shadows that exploded in all directions.
In the middle of the night, it was very eye-catching, like a giant firework.
After the sword shadows exploded, there were constantly people stepping on their swords and flying into the Sword Manor …
These people could ignore the Sword Manor's sky restriction. Their status in the Sword Manor was definitely not low.
"Manor Master!"
"Greetings Manor Master!"
"I wonder why Manor Master has gathered us here so late at night? Is there something important?"
The martial artists that were gathered here were all sword cultivators. They were all at the late Divine Transformation realm or even a half-step World Lord. These people were the Elders of the Sword Manor's Sword Holding Hall! They were also the core strength of the Sword Manor!
The Elders that arrived first saw Bi Feiyu gather everyone here in such a hurry and thought something important had happened. They hurriedly asked, but Bi Feiyu only shook his head and didn't answer.
After the 27 Sword Holding Hall Elders had all gathered, Bi Feiyu said, "Gathering all of you here in the middle of the night, there is naturally something that must be discussed."
The 27 Sword Holding Elders had worried looks on their faces. Looking at this situation, they suspected that the great crisis of the universe had already erupted, and the location of the eruption was the Sword Manor? If so, then they were far too unlucky …
"The Seeking Passion sword heart has appeared." Bi Feiyu said.
The 27 Sword Holding Elders looked at each other, stunned for a long time …
"How is this possible!?"
"The Old Manor Master has been dead for so many years. If the Seeking Passion sword heart could appear, it would have appeared a long time ago. How could it only appear now …"
"Indeed, if someone grasped the Seeking Passion sword heart, it would be impossible for them to wait until now to appear! Moreover, with just a sword heart, they want to control the Sword Manor! We only recognize Manor Master Bi! "
Very quickly, the entire Sword Heart Pavilion was in an uproar, practically becoming a pot of porridge.
Bi Feiyu waved his hand lightly, and the Sword Heart Pavilion became incomparably quiet. He announced another piece of news, "Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign …" He did not fall. "
"We all know that he didn't die. He just went missing. However, that's just an excuse …" Someone shook his head and said. Everyone knew that Bi Feiyu had eaten the wrong medicine today.
Bi Feiyu shook his head and said, "The Old Manor Lord did not fall, nor did he go missing. Because he has already become a True God and is heading to the Divine Realm."
"AHH!"
"Impossible …"
"Villa Lord, did you catch a cold?"
"..."
Previously, Bi Feiyu and the two elders had such a big reaction, but this group of people's reaction would only be even more exaggerated, or even worse. After all, this kind of thing had overturned their understanding and common sense.
Bi Feiyu said, "Actually, I haven't seen the Old Manor Lord either, but this news was obtained from Luo Zheng!"
"That Illusory Battlefield's number one, Luo Zheng?"
"The main character of the great world that was chosen a few days ago … Why did he come to the Sword Villa?"
"I heard that he wasn't trapped in the Middle Sky Region?"
With so many people in the Sword Heart Pavilion, the scene became extremely chaotic. In fact, these people would not normally lose their composure like this.
Bi Feiyu had no choice but to control the situation once again. "Everyone, quiet down." He waved his hand again and said, "I am not sure if what Luo Zheng said is true or false. After all, this kind of thing, there is no proof. However, there is one thing that I can confirm. Just now, the Great Clan Elder and the Second Clan Elder both saw it.
These words immediately caused everyone to fall into silence. For a moment, they didn't know how to express their opinions …
This Wen Qing sword heart was the ultimate inheritance of the Sword Villa!
According to the arrangements of the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign back then, if he were to fall, the next Villa Master would have to bring along the Wen Qing sword heart in order to open the mountain gate of the Killing Sword Mountain. Only then would he be able to properly inherit the Sword Villa and become the Villa Master of the Sword Villa.
Bi Feiyu did not have the Wen Qing sword heart, he was only the acting Villa Master.
But all these years, the Wen Qing sword heart had never appeared, and everyone had chosen to forget about it. Then, Bi Feiyu was their Villa Master, and no one would doubt it!
After all, Bi Feiyu had contributed a lot to the development of the Sword Villa over the years.
Suddenly, a person appeared, and even brought along the Wen Qing sword heart. Everyone felt extremely strange in their hearts.
The most important thing was not this problem.
Because the person who came was Luo Zheng.
If an ordinary nameless person wanted to accept the inheritance of the Sword Villa with a Wen Qing Sword Heart, the people of the Sword Holding Hall would have clamored and attacked him directly. At the very least, they would expel him or even kill him …
However, when it came to Luo Zheng, the problem was completely different.
When the great world descended, no one would be able to escape the impending great calamity.
These people who competed in the Illusory Battlefield would eventually bear heavy responsibilities and become indispensable characters in helping the world through this crisis.
This time limit could be ten years, or a hundred years. To the martial artists in the world, it was actually a very short period of time, and it would arrive very quickly.

Chapter 1393
Walking all the way here, Luo Zheng also did not understand.
They should be heading to the Killing Sword Mountain, so why did they walk into this cave?
Could it be that the Killing Sword Mountain was in this cave?
The huge door in front of him was greenish-gray, and the surface of the door was engraved with all kinds of exquisite patterns. A thin layer of dust had accumulated in the grooves of these patterns, as if no one had been here for a long time.
Although Bi Feiyu had never entered this huge door, he was very familiar with the world outside.
With a wave of his hand, a gust of wind whistled and swept away all the dust!
After the dust dissipated, the patterns on the huge door were completely revealed. Luo Zheng saw that there was a huge spider carved on the door. The spider seemed to have thousands of legs, and the patterns that Luo Zheng had seen before were the patterns on the spider's legs.
Seeing the patterns on the carvings, Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise.
From the moment they entered the cave, the surroundings were filled with a strange aura, and the huge door revealed a strange evil aura.
The way of the sword was orthodox. Normally, people who cultivated the way of the sword would rarely walk the path of evil. That would affect their sword heart.
Yi Jian Tianzun was probably the strongest swordsman in the universe, so why would he set up such a door?
Luo Zheng revealed a strange feeling in his heart, but gradually, he had a guess.
The Killing Sword Mountain originally did not follow the path of a gentleman. There should be a huge secret hidden within. However, according to the current clues, Luo Zheng did not know anything about these secrets.
From Luo Zheng's point of view, this secret might have a lot to do with Yi Jian Tianzun being able to become a True God. It might even be related to the things that Qing Yu grasped …
"Luo Zheng, you can go in." Bi Feiyu pointed to the center of the door, where the head of the thousand-legged spider sculpture was. "According to the old manor master's instructions, the person who carries the Wen Qing Sword Heart needs to extend his hand into the mouth of the spider sculpture in order to open this door."
Luo Zheng glanced at the head of the spider. The carving on the spider's huge head was extremely realistic. Its compound eyes seemed to be carved out of countless gems. Under the illumination of the luminous pearl, they shone with a strange light. It was as if he wasn't looking at a relief sculpture, but a real thousand-legged spider …
After nodding, Luo Zheng floated on the head of the spider and put his arm into it. At the same time, Luo Zheng activated the sword-shaped mark on his arm.
"Crack!"
At this moment, some mechanism seemed to be activated. The spider's mouth closed and bit Luo Zheng's arm!
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. It was impossible for this bronze relief to bite through his skin. However, just as this thought appeared in his mind, a sharp pain came from his arm …
There seemed to be an extremely sharp object piercing Luo Zheng's arm, but the mouth was already closed, so Luo Zheng couldn't see it clearly.
No matter what it was, it must be very special to be able to pierce through his magical weapon so easily.
Luo Zheng almost reflexively waved his other fist, wanting to smash the relief sculpture directly!
"Absolutely not!" Bi Feiyu quickly stepped forward and stopped Luo Zheng's next move. "This is the method used by the old heightslord to identify the Wen Qing Sword Heart. If this relief sculpture is smashed, I'm afraid this door will never be opened again!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. At this moment, he felt that the sharp object had retracted and left his arm.
Just as he was thinking about what it was, the huge bronze door of the folding fan made a "kacha" sound, and the door slowly retreated to both sides. Then, a strong murderous aura gushed out from the Slaughter Sword Mountain, as if there was a ferocious and evil thing lurking inside.
Everyone standing outside the door was affected by the evil spirit, especially Mu Mingxue. Her face was pale, and she was under great pressure.
"Coo, coo …"
The two Evil Demon Tengu, who had been quiet, were also a little restless at this moment, making shallow growls from their throats.
"This is the evil spirit of the Slaughter Sword Mountain …"
Such a strong evil spirit surprised Luo Zheng. He had stepped into the Slaughter Sword Mountain twice, and he only knew that there was a lot of evil spirit in the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and his own evil spirit could be stored inside, so that he wouldn't be affected by the evil spirit.
"This door is open, so we can only send you here." Bi Feiyu had a faint smile on his face. At this moment, a green ruyi appeared in his hand, emitting a faint light curtain. It wrapped Mu Mingxue and the people of the Sword Holding Hall in it, so that they wouldn't be affected by the evil spirit.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate too much, and only then did he rush forward and enter the huge door. The moment he entered the huge door, the door closed behind Luo Zheng. In the empty environment, the sound of the door closing was extremely ear-piercing.
This was the third time he had stepped into the Slaughter Sword Mountain. This time, Luo Zheng's main body had personally come. It was also this time that Luo Zheng felt that the Slaughter Sword Mountain was filled with strangeness …
"I shouldn't have left Mu Mingxue outside." Luo Zheng secretly scolded himself for his negligence. Ever since he came to the Sword Villa, everything had been going smoothly.
Sword Pavilion, Market Square, and then he met Han Ping. This seemed to be going too smoothly.
However, there was nothing wrong with the behavior of the people from the Sword Villa. It was just that Luo Zheng felt a little uneasy in his heart. As for why he felt uneasy, he couldn't say it himself.
Since the door had already closed, it would be better to complete the Sword Fighting Heavenly Sovereign's trial as soon as possible. He hoped that his Emotion Severing Divine Dao would reach perfection. The last fragment to fill the gap was in this sword mountain. He had no room to retreat.
"No wonder … the two times I entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the surrounding environment was pitch-black. This cave is indeed very gloomy."
Not long after, the Slaughter Sword Mountain appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
This Slaughter Sword Mountain wasn't very tall. According to Luo Zheng's prediction, it should only be two to three hundred meters tall. In his eyes, it was just a small mountain …
The closer he got to the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the more Luo Zheng felt that something was wrong. The mountain was still the same mountain, but it was missing a crucial detail.
"The sword … is gone …"
The first time Luo Zheng entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain was when he sparred with Hua Tianming and comprehended the perfect sword intent.
The second time, it was when Chen Huang set up an illusion with his sword.
However, the two times he entered, the surrounding swords of the Slaughter Sword Mountain were densely packed, from the foot of the mountain all the way to the top of the mountain. But now, Luo Zheng didn't see a single sword.
With a face full of doubt, Luo Zheng continued to fly towards the Slaughter Sword Mountain. With his speed, this distance was covered in an instant. After circling around the foot of the mountain, Luo Zheng followed the mountain ridge all the way up, and quickly reached the top of the mountain.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng didn't notice anything strange. It was as if in this cave, other than this mountain, there was nothing else …
Then was this still the Slaughter Sword Mountain?
Since the Sword Fighting Heavenly Sovereign had asked him to come here to temper his own way of the sword and make up for the last flaw of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, there must be something here that he didn't know about.
Floating on top of the mountain, Luo Zheng thought for a moment. Looking at the main body of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, his eyebrows suddenly raised.
"Baleful Qi!"
Luo Zheng didn't find anything on the mountain, but there was a strong baleful Qi in the cave. The source of this baleful Qi was floating out from the body of the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
He wanted to enter the interior of the Slaughter Sword Mountain?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all …
"Swish swish swish!"
The three sword beams intersected with each other, drawing a triangle on the top of the mountain. He didn't use much strength, and the sword beams only reached a distance of three meters below the top of the mountain.
Then, Luo Zheng's sword pierced in from the side. With a slight pry, he pried out a piece of the mountain rock on the top of the mountain …
The moment it was pried out, Luo Zheng felt a majestic baleful Qi surging out from the opening he had cut out. With the naked eye, he could almost see a red mist. At the same time, Luo Zheng smelled a strange fragrance.
The fragrance was very sweet, similar to the smell of blood, but it wasn't annoying.
And after Luo Zheng pried open the mountain rock, he discovered that the soil at the bottom of the mountain rock was a bright red color, as if it was a mixture of blood and soil.

Chapter 1394
The Slaughter Sword Mountain was empty.
Luo Zheng stood at the opening and looked down.
A deep red light shone from the inside of the mountain, but he couldn't see clearly what was inside.
Then, a green luster appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes. He looked again, but he still couldn't see clearly.
Although Luo Zheng had sensed a strange aura from the moment he entered the cave, Luo Zheng naturally would not turn back now that he had come this far.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng stepped into the opening and started to descend from the top of the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
At the moment, Luo Zheng was also under a lot of pressure!
The Evil Spirit inside the Slaughter Sword Mountain was so dense that it was almost tangible. At first glance, it looked like a red fog. The fog was grotesquely shaped, as if all kinds of demons and ghosts were hovering around Luo Zheng. There were even strange cries coming from the fog.
When Luo Zheng listened carefully, he couldn't hear anything. It was as if those sounds were just what Luo Zheng felt in his heart.
"Whoosh …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a black shadow pass by above his head.
"What's that?"
Luo Zheng suddenly became alert. Although he could be said to be skilled and bold, he had just reached the Extreme Divine Realm, so he wasn't invincible.
While looking up, Luo Zheng also released his perception.
However, the dense Evil Spirit inside the cave affected Luo Zheng's perception. Maybe he was immersed in the Evil Spirit, which made him hallucinate.
The Evil Spirit here was too dense. If he stayed here for too long, there might be unpredictable consequences.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng sped up his diving speed. Soon, he landed on the ground. The Slaughter Sword Mountain was in the middle of a mountain, and Luo Zheng was in the middle of the mountain. It was easy to imagine the oppressive feeling it gave off.
Just as he descended to the ground, he heard a panting sound by his ear.
"Huff, huff …"
Luo Zheng suddenly turned around, but there was nothing behind him. It was still the thick blood-red Evil Qi.
With the Lightning Wind Ghost Divine Sword in his hand, he picked a direction and continued forward. Just as he took two steps, the panting sound rang out again.
"Phew …"
The moment the voice rang out, Luo Zheng turned around and stabbed out with his sword!
Under the disturbance of the sword light, the murderous aura in the surroundings started to roll like a demon …
"Sou!"
The sword light shot out and sank into the endless baleful aura. It did not hit anything.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly and continued to move forward with his sword in hand. Since he had already come this far, he had no reason to retreat. Therefore, he continued to move forward with more vigilance.
However, the doubts in his heart grew even stronger.
Could this be a part of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao test?
Thinking about it, it didn't seem right. Purely honing the way of the sword, there was no need for Luo Zheng to enter such a strange place. The Sword-fighting Empyrean probably didn't know the meaning behind this …
As he walked forward, Luo Zheng saw a bare tombstone by the side of the road. The tombstone looked very out of place.
Luo Zheng walked forward and sized it up. There were no carvings on the tombstone, only a tombstone, and no inscriptions. Who was sleeping under the tombstone?
After confirming that this tombstone had nothing to do with his trip, Luo Zheng took a detour and continued forward. Not long after, Luo Zheng saw another tombstone. It was also bare, and there were no inscriptions on it.
As he continued forward, a third tombstone appeared!
At this moment, Luo Zheng realized that something was wrong. Before passing by the tombstone, Luo Zheng lightly tapped his finger, and a thin wind blade directly hit the top of the tombstone, leaving behind a small mark.
When the fourth tombstone appeared, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the top of the tombstone.
"It's the same tombstone as before." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He already knew where the problem was. He had been walking in circles around this tombstone.
Martial artists who cultivated the Space Laws were very sensitive to space. Ordinary martial artists might get lost in the fog, because it was very difficult to determine one's position without a reference.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, did not. He knew very well that he was walking in a straight line without any deviation.
But he walked in a straight line, and yet he ended up back at the starting point. This meant that something had trapped him.
"A very clever method," Luo Zheng thought to himself as he stood in front of the tombstone.
When one cultivated the Space Laws to a high level, they could connect two spaces. Luo Zheng could also do this. For example, traveling through space was the same principle …
However, when changing space, there would eventually be fluctuations of Space Laws. For example, where the space in front of him was connected to the space behind him, there would definitely be fluctuations of Space Laws. However, Luo Zheng did not feel any of these fluctuations.
Looking at it this way, either Luo Zheng had seen a ghost, or the person who used this Space Maze was extremely clever.
Four tombstones meant that Luo Zheng had walked around this damned place four times.
After standing there for a while, Luo Zheng kicked off the ground, two feet above the ground, and sped away!
"Whoosh!"
Flying close to the ground like this, his speed was extremely fast!
"The fifth tombstone …"
"The sixth tombstone …"
Every tombstone he saw was equivalent to Luo Zheng passing through a space node in front of him, and then being teleported to the back. According to his flying speed, Luo Zheng calculated that the range of this Space Maze was about eight thousand feet.
But even if he knew the range of this Space Maze, Luo Zheng would find it very difficult to get out, unless his Space Laws reached a higher level …
"The Evil Qi is getting thicker and thicker, haven't you noticed?"
Xun's voice suddenly came, and then gradually condensed in front of Luo Zheng, revealing her slender figure.
Her eyes flashed as she looked around and said, "This seems to be a trap …"
"Trap?" Luo Zheng was startled.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't have this guess, but he felt that there was no need for Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign to trick him here and then trap him here.
Xun stared at Luo Zheng and sneered. She knew what Luo Zheng was thinking, but she pointed upwards and said, "If you don't believe me, take a look for yourself."
Following the direction that Xun was pointing at, Luo Zheng raised his head and saw a blood-red face staring at him with a pair of empty eyes. That pair of empty eyes didn't have the slightest bit of life, and that kind of expression wasn't an expression that a human should have.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng had never seen those vengeful spirits before, but he had never felt such a creepy feeling.
Almost instantly, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Sword slashed out. No matter what the hell it was, he would kill it first …
"Whoosh!"
Perhaps Luo Zheng really couldn't hold it in any longer. When this sword slashed out, he used Yi Shen's Sword. Its power was also extremely strong!
If this sword beam pierced out, it would probably directly split apart the Slaughter Sword Mountain. It might even pierce through the mountain outside of the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
However, Luo Zheng still underestimated this spatial maze. Or it could be said that Luo Zheng underestimated the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
If it was so easy to destroy, with just that bronze door, who could this Holy Land stop? Any Divine Realm martial artist could force their way in. In reality, the secrets of the Slaughter Sword Mountain far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
The sword light disappeared into the distance without a sound, as if it had fallen into an endless space and disappeared for no reason.
As for that blood-red face, it was indeed cut in half by Luo Zheng's sword. However, it quickly merged back into one and slowly approached downwards.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also discovered that besides above his head, all around him were these creepy giant faces that constantly appeared. These giant faces quietly floated, approaching Luo Zheng!
"Give me the spear." Kaoru stretched out her hand.
Luo Zheng flicked his finger and the Holy Slaughter Spear flew out from his spatial ring, falling into Kaoru's hands!
"Woosh!"
"One Thought Without Turning!"
Kaoru's spear was even fiercer, but it didn't seem to be of much use. Under this spear, it only pierced a large hole in one of the giant faces. However, that giant face didn't suffer any damage!
"Use thunder." Kaoru decisively said.
As her voice fell, a silver arc as thick as a wrist lashed out from the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword!
"Pa!"

Chapter 1395
This roar reverberated in the hollow Mountain of Killing Swords, as if it was a malicious spirit.
Speaking of which, these giant faces were no different from malicious spirits.
If he was alone, he would definitely be scared out of his wits.
But at this moment, with Xun by his side, Luo Zheng's heart calmed down a lot. No matter what, two people were always better than one, even though Xun was just a soul.
Since the lightning was effective against these giant faces, Luo Zheng did not hold back.
There were three types of sword skills in the Dark Thunder Wind Sword. Aside from the Dark Thunder Wind Sword, there were also the Thunder Wind Sword and the Wind Blade.
Chaotic energy was continuously poured into it, and the silver snakes in the air turned into countless whip shadows, crazily whipping those giant faces.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
The giant face closest to Luo Zheng suffered the densest lightning strikes, and finally scattered into a cloud of baleful energy.
This scene calmed Luo Zheng even more.
He was afraid that these fellows would not suffer anything. Since they were afraid of lightning, everything was easy.
These giant faces floated very slowly. Although there were many of them, Luo Zheng had plenty of time.
After the time it took to brew a cup of tea, the giant faces around Luo Zheng were scattered …
"Phew …" Luo Zheng exhaled, and a trace of relaxation appeared on his face. "Now, let's focus on finding a way out of here."
As soon as his voice fell, he suddenly felt that there was something wrong with Xun's gaze. Her gaze did not seem to be looking at him, but behind him!
"Cough cough cough cough …"
Luo Zheng looked back and saw a giant head opening its mouth to bite him!
The face of this head was similar to those giant faces, but in comparison, those giant faces were like a mask for this head, as if this fellow was the real owner.
"Whoosh!"
Before that mouth could bite him, Luo Zheng's figure floated, and he dodged with the Eight Winding Smoke. As he retreated, he brewed a long lightning whip from the Dark Thunder Wind Sword, and continued to lash at the head.
Indeed, being stared at by those strange eyes was not something to be happy about.
Luo Zheng originally thought that the lightning would work as usual, but the tenacity of this brain seemed to be beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Or rather, this thing was not afraid of lightning at all …
Not only was it immune to lightning, its speed was also much faster than the giant faces from before!
"Go!"
Smoke stabbed out with her spear, and the huge spear shadow directly pierced through the head, creating a big hole in it.
The Holy Spear was invincible, and the key was that this thing could not be pierced through at all. After a large hole appeared in its head, this fellow's facial features became even more distorted, making it even more unbearable to look at.
As Luo Zheng moved forward rapidly, he saw another huge head on the left. Not far away, there were some red shadows floating in the red mist of Evil Qi. They were probably those huge heads.
It seemed that these things had been hiding in the killing intent of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and now Luo Zheng had finally attracted them.
Luo Zheng couldn't figure out why these things would appear in the Massacre Sword Mountain.
Could it be that the amount of Evil Qi was too much, and in the end, it formed Evil Qi Spirits?
Originally, there were so many swords stuck in the Massacre Sword Mountain, and these people were able to place their own Evil Qi into the Massacre Sword Mountain. With the passage of time, this kind of mutation might have occurred.
Under this reasoning, it made sense, but what was going on with this tombstone? What was the matter with the space maze …
Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess. He was afraid that he had run into real trouble this time.
After circling a few times, Luo Zheng returned to his original point, and a tombstone appeared in front of him. The space maze was nothing, but the number of huge heads was increasing. They were pushing against each other, almost forming a wall, and were heading towards Luo Zheng.
This place was full of strangeness. Although Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical, when faced with these heads, his end wouldn't be good!
The key was to break the maze …
But looking at the two walls of huge heads coming towards him, Luo Zheng knew that he had no chance.
Just at this moment, a black shadow suddenly flashed by from the side!
This time, Luo Zheng saw it clearly. The black shadow looked very agile, like a black cat. But of course, ordinary cats and dogs couldn't survive here, nor could they have such amazing speed. It should be a small ferocious beast?
"Follow it!" Xun reminded him.
Luo Zheng didn't need Xun to say anything, as he had already moved.
The situation here was very bad, and he couldn't find any clues to break the space maze. Luo Zheng didn't know what the appearance of the black shadow meant, but at this moment, following it was a wise choice.
"Whoosh!"
The black shadow was moving forward, hidden in the Evil Qi. Even though Luo Zheng was chasing it with all his attention, he could only see a vague shadow.
This shadow had four very slender legs, and its running speed was almost the same as Luo Zheng's flying speed, which was close to the ground!
The most important thing was that the black shadow's running route was very strange. It didn't escape in a straight line, but in a series of twists and turns.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng used the Eight Paths of Flying Smoke, which was originally a very tricky body movement, so he could barely keep up with the black shadow.
After rushing out like this for a long time, the black shadow was still in front of him. Luo Zheng suddenly found that the scenery around him seemed to have changed. He didn't see the tombstone anymore, so he was finally sure that he had walked out of the space maze.
"I'm out!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Don't be happy too early," Xun said lightly.
After finding that he had left the space maze, Luo Zheng slowed down, but at the same time, he found that the black shadow also slowed down a lot.
"Do you see anything?" Xun asked.
Luo Zheng nodded, and his face became serious again. This black shadow was also abnormal. It seemed to be deliberately guiding him.
Where does this guy want to lead me?
The situation in the Massacre Sword Mountain was so complicated that it was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. If he was deliberately led into a desperate situation by this black shadow, Luo Zheng would be in even more trouble.
Is this black shadow really leading me forward? Where does it want to lead me to?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped in his tracks. However, the moment Luo Zheng stopped, the black shadow also stopped. It was about thirty meters in front of Luo Zheng. After the black shadow stopped, it seemed to have turned its head to look at Luo Zheng.
Separated by the thick Evil Qi, Luo Zheng might not be able to see what the black shadow was, but on the head of the black shadow, there was a pair of green eyes staring back at him. This still made Luo Zheng's hair stand on end. He couldn't help but want to immediately kill the black shadow, but it was too agile!
Luo Zheng and the black shadow confronted each other for a long time. The first thing he needed to figure out was what this black shadow was!
So Luo Zheng's legs quietly began to gather strength. If he wanted to catch this thing, he had to catch it by surprise.
After moving forward slightly and finding an angle, Luo Zheng suddenly burst out his potential and rushed toward the black shadow. But the moment he rushed out, the black shadow pulled away from Luo Zheng at an incredible speed. Its reaction was too fast.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1396
Luo Zheng sprinted forward like an arrow leaving the bow. His speed was extraordinarily fast!
The speed of the black shadow was not slow either. Through the eyes of the evil spirit, it disappeared in an instant. Apparently, it changed direction and sped forward at almost the same time.
The distance between the two did not decrease at all.
It was as if the black shadow had also practiced the Eight-Zigzag Flying Smoke and was able to keep the distance between them at about ten zhang.
Luo Zheng knew that it was impossible. The principle of the Eight-Zigzag Flying Smoke determined that the distance could not be too long. For example, Luo Zheng was now controlling the distance at three inches. If he continued to practice, it could reach five inches or even further. However, it was impossible to reach ten zhang.
As the black shadow chased after the black shadow one after the other, the surrounding landscape also changed.
Small circular holes appeared on the ground. These holes were about one meter wide, and baleful aura constantly spewed out from them. They were like geysers, but what was spewing out was not spring water, but baleful aura.
Because of this, the evil spirit became more and more intense. He could only see what was in front of him!
In this environment, Luo Zheng could not lock onto the black shadow at all. Soon, he was completely lost …
"I can't find it." Luo Zheng stopped.
Xun floated behind Luo Zheng. She looked around and said in shock, "I didn't expect there to be such a strange scene in the Killing Swords Mountain. How did it form?"
Xun's knowledge was definitely more profound than Luo Zheng's. Seeing the scene in front of her, she was also stunned.
"Pop, pop, pop …"
Clouds of evil spirit were like smoke rings being spat out by the giant mouth of a monster.
Having been in the Killing Swords Mountain for too long, Luo Zheng was infected by the evil spirit. He also felt restless.
"This is still not right. Is this evil spirit coming from the depths of the ground?" Unable to find the black shadow, Luo Zheng landed next to a small hole. Taking advantage of the small hole to rest, he stretched out his head and looked down.
It would have been better if he hadn't looked, but when he did, Luo Zheng saw a face.
To be precise, it was not a human face. It was like the face of a demon from the abyss. A pair of fangs covered the upper lip.
The eyes on that face were tightly shut, and it was motionless like a dead object.
Not long after, it opened its mouth!
The moment he opened his mouth, Luo Zheng retracted his head. Then, a thick column of murderous Qi gushed out of the hole.
"What did you see?" Xun was puzzled.
Luo Zheng pointed at the entrance of the cave with a strange expression. After the air column stopped, Xun also looked at the entrance of the cave.
At first glance, Xun's expression changed drastically. She was a Sword Spirit, so naturally, she would not be as pale as a real person, but Luo Zheng could read the fear in her eyes.
This kind of expression rarely appeared on Xun's face. Her Dao of Slaughter was extremely decisive, enough to resist any fear in her heart. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng knew that Xun was a little scared …
"How is this possible …" Xun murmured, and then glanced around. "Are these things all in these small holes?"
Luo Zheng also glanced at another small hole. "It should be. What are these things?"
Xun thought for a while, then pursed her lips and shook her head. "I've only seen them once, and there should only be one of them. Why are there so many buried at the bottom of the Slaughter Sword Mountain … Is it related to the catastrophe of the world …"
"What on earth are they?" Luo Zheng was very curious.
"I can't tell you now." Xun stared at Luo Zheng and continued shaking her head.
Xun was a straightforward person. Since the first day she spoke, she had been very frank with Luo Zheng, without any concealment.
"What are these things related to? You can't tell me? " Luo Zheng stared at Xun in a daze. He also felt that after he returned from the Dream Battlefield, Xun's temperament seemed to have changed. She became more real, but at the same time, she became more indifferent to Luo Zheng …
"Let's keep moving forward." Xun also knew what Luo Zheng was thinking, but she didn't want to explain.
Luo Zheng had no choice but to continue exploring this area. Because he had to avoid the Evil Qi columns gushing out from the small holes, Luo Zheng could only slow down. He bypassed the Evil Qi columns one by one, and moved forward at a much slower speed.
After moving forward like this for a while, Luo Zheng finally found something serious in the hinterland of the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
It was a cyan palace …
At the entrance of the palace, there were two strange sculptures. They looked like two goats, but the goats' heads were carved extremely ferocious. Luo Zheng didn't know which culture they belonged to, but they were definitely not human.
Walking to the front of the sculptures, Luo Zheng looked at them. He stretched out his fingers and gently rubbed them. He found that the sculptures were very exquisite, but he didn't know what material they were made of. They had been standing here for many years without any signs of decay.
Looking up the stairs, the palace was pitch-black, like a monster's mouth. It was wide open, and quietly waiting for Luo Zheng.
Clenching the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword in his hand, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate.
All the fear came from his state of mind. Since he had already found this place, Luo Zheng had no reason to turn back. Even if it was a dragon's pool or a tiger's den, he had to go.
After Luo Zheng and Xun entered, a figure slowly appeared outside the palace. At the feet of this figure, there was a black shadow crawling on the ground. A pair of green eyes were very eye-catching in the darkness.
The figure appeared for a very short time. After noticing that Luo Zheng had entered the palace, it hid in a corner.
Luo Zheng walked around the palace. The evil aura here seemed to have lessened a lot. The restlessness that was originally affected by the evil aura also weakened a lot.
Although the evil aura had lessened, Luo Zheng found that the palace was dark. Even if he used the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, it didn't help much. With no other choice, Luo Zheng could only take out a Night Pearl for illumination.
"The Law of Darkness is scattered here, preventing the transmission of light," Xun reminded him from behind.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Holding the Night Pearl, he approached the side of the palace. The light reflected on the wall, and a huge mural appeared.
This mural was also carved. It seemed to be made of the same material as the "goat" sculpture outside. It was unknown how many years it had been there, but it was still vivid and lifelike …
"This is …"
Seeing the contents of the mural, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
There were many strange creatures carved on the mural. There were big and small creatures, but Luo Zheng couldn't recognize most of them. However, he recognized the biggest one!
Luo Zheng had seen this giant beast when he entered the Scarlet Castle in the second stage. It was the huge statue of the ferocious beast at the entrance of the castle. However, when the statue crawled at the entrance of the castle, it gave many people a great sense of oppression.
On the mural, the giant beast was like a big ship. It opened its mouth and made a swallowing motion, wanting to swallow the countless creatures above.
Luo Zheng looked at the mural. As he walked forward, a second mural appeared.
On the second mural, the creatures were resisting with all their strength, as if they wanted to kill the giant beast. On the third mural, Luo Zheng only saw the giant beast. The other creatures had all disappeared.
This mural wasn't difficult to understand.
It seemed that many creatures resisted the giant beast, but in the end, they failed and were recorded on the mural.
From the lifelike carvings of the giant beast, those creatures should also be very realistic. However, when Luo Zheng looked carefully, he didn't find a single human.
In other words, there wasn't a single humanoid creature.
Most of the intelligent creatures in the universe had a deep relationship with the human race. There were the demon race, the demon race, the human race, the giant race, and so on.
They were nothing more than four limbs, a head, and a torso.
However, the creatures in the mural had very strange appearances. They were even stranger than some ferocious beasts.
This palace wasn't built by humans. Why was it hidden here?
Luo Zheng found that after entering the Slaughtering Swords Mountain, he couldn't explain a single thing he saw. Everything was strange.
Xun clearly knew something, but she chose not to answer.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stopped in the darkness and communicated with Qinglong in his mind.
"Qinglong, do you know what this is?"

Chapter 1397
Qinglong didn't respond to Luo Zheng. He still kept silent.
Luo Zheng was a bit depressed.
What on earth were these things related to?
Since he couldn't find the answer, Luo Zheng decided to explore by himself.
Therefore, he continued forward with the luminous pearl. Except for the wall paintings, the rest of the palace was empty.
Soon, he came to the back of the palace and stepped into another room. As soon as he stepped in, he seemed to step on something. There came a cracking sound.
"Bang …"
Immediately, a cloud of dust flew up.
Luo Zheng lowered the luminous pearl and found that he had stepped on a skeleton, a human skeleton.
These skeletons had been lying here for so many years that they had already become brittle. With one step, they turned into powder.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered under the illumination of the light as he continued to move forward along the skeletal remains …
There was more than one skeleton here!
These skeletons were piled up in disorder, but most of them were intact, which meant that these people's corpses were intact before they died.
Or rather, all of them had died here …
The time it took for skeletons to decay was determined by the cultivation of the warriors.
To be able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the cultivations of the warriors were definitely not low. Ordinary warriors simply could not withstand the destruction of the Slaughter Qi, and would go crazy and die on the way.
Powerful warriors above the Spirit Sea Realm could turn their skeletons into Bone Jade after death, which could be stored for a long time.
However, Bone Jade was not indestructible. After a long time, the spirituality in the Bone Jade would be lost and it would also be catalyzed. It was just that this process took a long time. According to the cultivation of the warriors, it would take tens of thousands of years or even hundreds of thousands of years.
That was to say, these skeletons had been lying here for a very long time.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng didn't want to step on these skeletons. He floated two inches above the ground and floated in the room.
The room at the back of the palace was not big. It was only fifty or sixty feet in both length and width. Luo Zheng circled around and found that this room didn't even have a window. Besides these skeletons, there seemed to be nothing here.
There was nothing meaningful here.
Luo Zheng's face was once again filled with confusion.
It was not easy for him to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain. He did not want to return empty-handed.
This was completely different from Luo Zheng's previous judgment. Originally, he thought that there was a trial waiting for him to open in the Massacre Sword Mountain. Then, he would comprehend the most important part of the Severing Emotions Divine Way and become a Dao Child. Everything was so smooth and perfect.
But now, the situation was completely different from what he had imagined.
At least until now, Luo Zheng had not gained anything from it.
"The center, the center of those skeletons." Xun's figure floated gently, and the Holy Spear of Slaughter in her hand pointed downwards.
Only then did Luo Zheng see that there seemed to be a disc under these skeletons. The color of the disc was almost the same as the skeletons below. Although Luo Zheng had been searching carefully, he had accidentally missed this place.
"Thank you." Luo Zheng smiled at Xun.
"You're welcome," Kaoru replied.
Hearing Xun's answer, Luo Zheng's heart slightly pounded. This feeling of alienation made Luo Zheng very uncomfortable.
He really wanted to know what had happened to Kaoru.
During the time Luo Zheng was in the Illusory Battlefield, who had Kaoru communicated with?
It was difficult for her to communicate with others in the Immortal Mansion, and Luo Zheng had the authority to enter and exit the Immortal Mansion.
Mu Mingxue was very simple, and Kaoru would not talk to her about anything.
Shenzi Shenzi was immersed in refining, and probably would not even leave the refining workshop.
Qinglong?
When Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Battlefield and was locked in that light, Kaoru was able to communicate with Qinglong.
Thinking of Qinglong's silence just now, could it be that Qinglong had said something to Kaoru? Both Qinglong and Kaoru were people that Luo Zheng absolutely trusted, but it seemed that both of them were hiding something from him …
With so many doubts in his head, Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to them. No matter what was under the room, he would go in and take a look first.
Luo Zheng stepped on the disk, and a "dong" sound echoed. The bottom of the disk was indeed empty!
A force gathered at the joint of his index finger, and with a hard knock, the surface of the disk shattered. Unable to bear the weight of Luo Zheng, he fell down with a loud bang, but he immediately stabilized his body!
Then he threw the Luminous Pearl in his hand into the dark room below.
A very strange scene appeared. The Luminous Pearl, which was originally flickering with light, instantly disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes.
This Luminous Pearl could emit light on its own, and it lasted for a long time. After throwing it in, Luo Zheng heard a "bang" sound, presumably it hit the floor below.
The Luminous Pearl did not disappear, but Luo Zheng could no longer see it.
This meant that there was a strong law of darkness in the dark room below, which completely blocked all the light.
Luo Zheng tried to use his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to look down, but it was still dark, and he could not see anything.
Xun stood beside Luo Zheng, and did not give him any advice.
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth, turned over, and sank into the dark room …
The moment he entered, Luo Zheng could not see anything at all, not even his five fingers. When he raised his head, he could not see the faint light that originally existed above his head. In this absolute darkness, Luo Zheng was abnormally vigilant!
The Qi of Primal Chaos had already been poured into the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. As long as there was any movement around him, he would immediately launch a counterattack.
But he stood in place for a while, and there was no movement around him. Other than the sound of his own light breathing, the surroundings were silent.
"Xun?"
Luo Zheng called out.
"I'm here." Xun had obviously followed Luo Zheng down, and from the sound of her voice, she should be behind Luo Zheng.
"Can you see anything?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I can't see, but there must be something releasing a strong law of darkness here," Xun replied from behind.
Luo Zheng nodded, and realized that Xun could not see him, so he made a sound of acknowledgment, and slowly moved forward in the darkness …
Enemies that could not be seen were the most troublesome. Luo Zheng now understood this principle. From the moment he entered Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng had always felt that something was not right here. There was always something following him, but from beginning to end, Luo Zheng had never seen the true face of that thing.
In this dark room, he walked a distance of thirteen steps, and Luo Zheng firmly remembered every step.
If there was trouble, he could return to the disc in the shortest time possible and leave this dark room. Of course, if the situation was critical, he was afraid that he would directly break open this dark room.
Although he was very confident in his own strength, this place was strange everywhere, and Luo Zheng was not sure if he could break through here.
After walking thirty steps in this dark room, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a "zi zi zi" sound.
It was the sound of something scratching on the ground with its claws.
"Something is coming." In the darkness, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly, and finally closed them completely. Anyway, he could not see anything, and opening his eyes would create an illusion.
With his eyes closed, Luo Zheng released his perception to feel the movement outside.
Using his perception, Luo Zheng could also draw the surrounding scene in his mind, but as soon as he released his perception, it seemed to hit an invisible force and was immediately bounced back …
"My perception is also blocked!"
Luo Zheng knew that this was bad, and then he heard the "zi zi" sound become louder and louder. That thing should be getting closer and closer to him!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
In a hurry, Luo Zheng instantly stabbed out several times with his sword!
The sword light should have been incomparably dazzling, but at this moment, all the light was immersed in the law of darkness, and did not emit the slightest bit of light.
What was even worse was that at the instant he slashed out with his sword, he heard a few clear and melodious sounds coming from his sword!
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Along with the crisp sound, several extremely sharp auras shot past him from his front, back, left, and right.
Rebound!
What were the walls of this dark room made of?
Luo Zheng could not see clearly, but he knew that if the sword light he stabbed out were to hit him, it would definitely cause a lot of trouble, and might even take his life. What was worse was the sword light he stabbed out.
In a panic, Luo Zheng activated the Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke and stood quietly in place.
If he dodged at will, it would only be more dangerous if he could not see clearly.
Feeling the fluctuations of energy around him, Luo Zheng was like a lone boat drifting in the water, and could avoid the path of the sword light in advance.
But this kind of dodging also had a limit. If the sword light went straight for Luo Zheng's face, with Luo Zheng's current stage of cultivating the Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke, he would not be able to completely avoid it, and would be able to break through the three-inch boundary in an instant.

Chapter 1398
The situation in the dark room suddenly became chaotic.
Some unknown things were approaching, but they were unable to dodge Luo Zheng's sword aura. After being penetrated, there was an ear-piercing sizzling sound.
Soon after, Xun also launched her attack. At the same time, there was the sound of light footsteps not far away!
Xun let out a cry, as if she was fighting with someone in the dark.
"Bang, bang!"
In the midst of the chaos, Luo Zheng felt the ground beneath his feet become empty, and he fell rapidly!
Just as Luo Zheng was about to stabilize his body, he felt a huge force pulling him in one direction. Soon after, there were threads wrapped around his body.
He wanted to struggle, but these threads were extremely soft and resilient!
"Crackle!"
The lightning on the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword had just begun to brew when it was pushed away by something. With a clang, the sword fell to the ground!
Soon after, the surrounding dark laws dissipated, and Luo Zheng discovered that he was lying on a huge spider web.
The web was bright gold, as if gold had been pulled into golden threads. Many of the threads were wrapped around his body, firmly binding him to the web.
Not far away, there was a hexagonal seal, and Xun was sitting in the middle of the seal, hugging her Sacred Spear!
At this moment, Luo Zheng realized that he had fallen into a trap.
Luo Zheng suddenly twisted his body, trying to break free from the golden spider web. However, his strength was not effective against this kind of flexible spider web. Of course, it could also be that Luo Zheng's strength was not enough. His current strength was still top-notch among those of the same level, but it might not be enough to face some true powerhouses.
As he continued to struggle, the golden spider web increased in number, binding Luo Zheng tighter and tighter.
Xun hugged the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, and her expression was very calm. That calmness even made Luo Zheng feel a little strange.
"Pa, pa, pa …"
At this moment, the sound of footsteps could be heard again.
Luo Zheng Mi looked in the direction of the voice and saw a black figure. There was also a small black figure on the figure's shoulder. The pair of green eyes emitted a light that made people feel uncomfortable.
When the figure walked closer, Luo Zheng suddenly frowned and said coldly, "Villa Master Bi."
At this moment, Bi Feiyu seemed to have changed into a different person. When he heard Luo Zheng's voice, he only chuckled and did not answer.
"Where is Mu Mingxue?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"Dead," Villa Master Bi replied straightforwardly.
"Huhu …"
A flame of anger rose in Luo Zheng's heart, and a huge aura burst out of his body.
Luo Zheng had his guard up against the Sword Manor. Before entering the Killing Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng had hesitated to bring Mu Mingxue in. However, Bi Feiyu had repeatedly emphasized that only he could enter the Killing Sword Mountain, so he had left Mu Mingxue outside.
"Don't worry, he's probably lying to you," Xun said calmly. "He won't kill Mu Mingxue in front of his subordinates. Besides, Mu Mingxue is not important. She's too easy to deal with."
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng's expression calmed down a little.
Bi Feiyu had a smug smile on his face. "As expected, you're still too young. I've said it before, letting a group of children carry the burden is simply nonsense."
Whether it was Luo Zheng or Xuanyuan Chenfeng, these Dao children were indeed outstanding, but in the eyes of these Realm Masters who had lived for countless years, they were undoubtedly just children. They were too immature.
Xun replied indifferently, "You don't have such a fate. Let alone you, even if you were a Celestial Venerable, you still wouldn't have such a fate."
"I don't believe in fate." Bi Feiyu slowly walked up. Golden threads began to appear under his feet, and those golden threads weaved into layers of steps. He stepped on those steps and walked up leisurely.
"Besides, even if I don't have such a fate, I should have it in a while," Bi Feiyu added.
"Roar —"
After saying that, the black shadow on his shoulder raised its head and roared.
Only then did Luo Zheng clearly see that it was a pure black leopard. However, it wasn't an ordinary leopard. It should be some kind of extremely powerful Vicious Beast. The black shadow that Luo Zheng had chased before should be this leopard that wasn't much bigger than a cat …
"What are you trying to do?" Luo Zheng said angrily.
"Can't you see? I've been waiting all this time. I've been waiting for a long time … "Bi Feiyu smiled sinisterly. With a wave of his hand, the Law of Darkness not far away continued to recede. From a depression in the darkness, a tab was pulled out. Bi Feiyu reached out and pulled out the tab.
The moment the tab was pulled out, a loud rumbling sound came from the distant darkness, as if countless boulders were moving. At this moment, all of the Law of Darkness disappeared without a trace. What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a vast space.
In the distance, there were some slender things, like dried fish, hanging from the top by golden threads.
Those things had red skin, and their hands and feet were not proportional to their bodies. After their necks were tied up by the golden threads, their heads were stuffed into a cave.
These things should be the faces of these monsters that Luo Zheng had seen in that small hole …
"You want to accept the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Empyrean on my behalf?" Luo Zheng was not an idiot. At this moment, he finally understood this part.
Bi Feiyu waited for the moving stone pillars to stop, then pulled on another stone pillar. Following that, another rumbling sound came, as if there were countless mechanisms in this space.
As he was busy, Bi Feiyu replied, "This is an obvious thing. There are some things that you should not complete."
Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised …
What exactly was the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Empyrean?
Previously, Luo Zheng had thought that it was just a trial. Now, it seemed that the situation was not as simple as he had thought.
Even Xun's actions were very strange. There seemed to be something extremely important within.
But no matter if it was important or not, it had nothing to do with Luo Zheng's goal. His goal was only to complete his Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
Xun was trapped in the hexagon seal. At this moment, she coldly laughed and shook her head, "It's not that Luo Zheng is naive, it's that you are too naive. Some things do not exist just because you don't believe in them. You are only a small character, and cannot change anything …"
"Sou!"
Just as Xun's voice fell, an extremely sharp sword beam shot out from Bi Feiyu's hand. He was actually using his finger as a sword, but the power was extremely terrifying!
As expected of a great realm lord.
If this sword beam landed on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng would definitely have no way to survive.
But this sword beam did not slash towards Luo Zheng. Instead, it went straight for Xun who was trapped in the hexagon seal!
The sword beam slashed across, and Xun's arm was instantly cut off from the base. It turned into specks of red light, and then condensed back into an arm …
Because Xun was a sword spirit body, she did not suffer too much damage, but Xun's face turned ugly.
As long as Bi Feiyu wanted to, he could completely destroy Xun's soul. After Xun's soul recovered, her strength increased greatly, but she was still unable to fight against a realm lord. Moreover, Bi Feiyu had the strength of a great realm lord.
Bi Feiyu laughed coldly, "Whether I have it or not, I will only know after I try. Moreover, for this day, I have studied this broken place for countless years! In my arrangements, there are no loopholes, and there is no reason for failure! "
Xun did not speak anymore, and only coldly looked at Bi Feiyu.
Luo Zheng also understood that Bi Feiyu was very clear that the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Sky Sovereign was at the bottom of the Killing Sword Mountain. At the same time, it was not the first time he entered the Killing Sword Mountain. Clearly, he had already disobeyed Chen Huang Yi Jian's orders.
His scheme was Chen Huang Yi Jian's inheritance.
But from the looks of it, this inheritance was definitely not a trial. Otherwise, Bi Feiyu would not have placed so much importance on it …
Then what was it?
Xun seemed to know a little, but she refused to say anything.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a depressed expression. He could only be trapped here and watch Bi Feiyu busying himself up and down.
"Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle …"
When Bi Feiyu activated another mechanism, the crawling sound rang out again. However, this time, the crawling sound was even more concentrated, as if there were countless small things crawling forward quickly from all directions.
Very quickly, Luo Zheng saw a shocking scene.
From the cracks in the surrounding space, a large number of small spiders appeared. Those small spiders were dark red in color. It was like a sea of spiders, spreading towards Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1400
Only an Empyrean's body appeared in front of him. To Bi Feiyu, it did not cause any trouble.
Although his expression was puzzled, it was filled with certainty. After planning for so long, Bi Feiyu had a strong determination.
Bi Feiyu was one of the first people to follow the Sword-fighting Empyrean.
The origin of the Sword-fighting Empyrean was a mystery, and the process of becoming an Empyrean was also a mystery.
Logically speaking, it was impossible for a power like the Sword Villa to give birth to an Empyrean.
The reason was simple.
The Crown of Destiny in the universe was monopolized by those great powers.
Several factions of the Demon Night Clan, Demon Clan, Gods Without Thoughts, Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region …
The difference in strength between an Empyrean and a Realm Master was very large. Even if some weak powers obtained the Crown of Destiny, they would not have the time to bear the Mandate of Heaven.
In most cases, it would be directly "confiscated" by the large powers. The weak powers simply did not have the power to resist.
Therefore, once an Empyrean appeared in a certain race, it meant that this power had entered the mainstream.
The Sword Villa only became a mainstream power in the universe because Chen Huang Yijian had become an Empyrean.
At that time, a Demon Clan Empyrean had fallen in the universe. After the Crown of Destiny disappeared, it would immediately appear anywhere in the universe. The Demon Clan would definitely do their best to snatch back the new Crown of Destiny …
Almost every faction participated in the fight for the Crown of Destiny, but in the end, the Crown of Destiny was inherited by Chen Huang Yijian. No one knew what method Chen Huang Yijian used to make the various large clans stop fighting. Even the Devil Race did not attack Chen Huang Yijian. After all, it was the Devil Race's lost Crown of Destiny.
Bi Feiyu really could not think of any reason that could convince the Demon Clan, or even the many powers outside of the Demon Clan!
At that time, it was not only Bi Feiyu who was puzzled. Some of the Empyrean powerhouses in the universe who did not participate in the fight had also voiced their doubts through the roar command.
However, those who participated in the fight for the Crown of Destiny, without exception, all of them remained silent …
Bi Feiyu could not think of a reason, but he came to his own conclusion.
That reason must be very shocking, and the value of the reason was definitely greater than a Crown of Destiny. Then, in this universe, what was more valuable than the Crown of Destiny?
The Heavenly Mandate Crown was the pinnacle of the universe. Becoming a Celestial Venerable was the 128 strongest people in the universe.
Therefore, at that time, Bi Feiyu, who was only a deacon of the Sword Manor, had a seed of curiosity planted in his heart. Now, this seed had grown into a towering tree in his heart. It was a tree of greed. He had to find the answer.
Back then, before the Sword-fighting Empyrean left, he seemed to have already gained the understanding of foresight. He knew that he would fall, so he arranged his own affairs in advance and placed his inheritance at the bottom of the Killing Sword Mountain.
At that time, Bi Feiyu had already become the Vice Manor Lord and was Chen Huang Yijian's most important subordinate. That was why he was the Acting Manor Lord, waiting for the person with the Wen Qing Sword Heart to appear.
After that, Empyrean Yi Jian disappeared, becoming an eternal mystery.
From the moment Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian disappeared, Bi Feiyu had been trying to open the things left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian.
The first door was not difficult to enter, or rather, the Sword-fighting Empyrean did not encrypt it in front of the first door. In a month's time, Bi Feiyu had entered the Killing Sword Mountain.
Originally, he thought that everything would be smooth sailing, but he was stuck in front of the second door.
He was unable to destroy the door guarded by the Thousand Feet Hidden Spider. This kind of spider came from hell, and that was a time that Bi Feiyu himself had never been to.
He tried to step in from the side of the door, but he was still unable to succeed. The space around the door was completely folded, and that was an extremely brilliant method. There were no loopholes, and Bi Feiyu was unable to enter.
Therefore, he could only choose to wait. In the end, he waited for this day.
When he saw the Sword-fighting Empyrean, he was indeed very confused and nervous, but he was even more excited. The mystery had finally been revealed.
The Thousand Feet Hidden Spider threw Luo Zheng in front of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, and then quietly disappeared.
Luo Zheng crawled up from the ground, his face was also filled with a strange expression, he had no idea what he should do. Looking at Chen Huang Yijian's corpse, Luo Zheng's face was also filled with confusion, it couldn't be that he had to kneel down and take him as his master?
However, just as Luo Zheng moved, Chen Huang Yijian's corpse suddenly moved.
With this movement, Luo Zheng immediately stopped in his tracks. Even if an Empyrean expert was dead, he could not be underestimated. If Chen Huang Yijian had set up some kind of trap, it was enough for Luo Zheng to die a hundred times.
Not only Luo Zheng, but Bi Feiyu also trembled as he looked around vigilantly.
Chen Huang Yijian's corpse slowly raised its arm, extended its gray finger, and pointed behind Luo Zheng.
The mountain rocks behind Luo Zheng trembled, and a jade-green pool appeared. A faint light appeared in the pool, and it was a broken sword. It could also be said to be a sword hilt.
There was not much left of the broken sword on the sword hilt, and it was less than half an inch tall. This broken sword looked very strange, as if it was not broken by someone. More than half of the sword's body had melted away.
There was still a faint light floating above the sword's body, and it seemed to be melting down, but the melting speed was not fast.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng was stunned. He could not understand the meaning of this broken sword appearing here.
Bi Feiyu's eyes flickered, and the long sword was already pointed at Luo Zheng. "Take out this broken sword!" Bi Feiyu was very vigilant. This place was already strange enough, and this broken sword would not be easy to obtain.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly. There seemed to be nothing wrong with the clear water in the pool.
However, just as Luo Zheng's finger touched the surface of the pool, there was a sizzling sound, and a heart-wrenching pain. Half of Luo Zheng's finger was already pitch-black …
"This is … corrosion!" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Bi Feiyu's face also sank. "Tai Qing Water!"
"Luo Zheng, don't use your hands. This thing can corrode everything!" Seeing this scene, Xun also frowned. Luo Zheng was not afraid of strong poison, but this Tai Qing Water was not poisonous. It only had a strong corrosive power …
Seeing Bi Feiyu's long sword pointing at him, Luo Zheng took out an immortal weapon and stabbed it into the pool of water, trying to fish out the broken sword.
However, just as the broken sword entered the Tai Qing Water, potholes appeared on the sword's body. When the immortal weapon was completely submerged, it directly disappeared in the Tai Qing Water. The corrosive power of this pool of clear water was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
"I don't have much patience. Just use your hands to take it out." Bi Feiyu sneered. With a sudden shake of his long sword, his shoulder directly pierced through Luo Zheng's shoulder. Immediately, blood blossomed.
Facing Bi Feiyu, Luo Zheng had no room to resist. However, looking at the Tai Qing Water, a trace of hesitation appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
"Humph." Bi Feiyu did not give Luo Zheng any time to think. He backhanded his sword and directly hit Xun.
Xun's sword spirit body was instantly scattered and turned into little red lights. After a long time, it condensed back into a human form. Even with the sword spirit body, Luo Zheng could feel that Xun was seriously injured. Bi Feiyu's sword seemed to contain the power to destroy the soul.
Luo Zheng's face sank. He clenched his teeth and could only reach down with his hands!
"Sizzle …"
The moment his hands reached down, the flesh on Luo Zheng's hands disappeared at a visible speed. The corrosive power of this Tai Qing Water could be seen at a glance!
He felt as if his hands were being burned by a raging fire, and an intense pain was transmitted from his hands.
When Luo Zheng's hands grabbed the short sword, the flesh on his hands had completely disappeared, leaving only the bones …
"Swish!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng grabbed the short sword and threw it out of the pool!
"Whoosh!"
Before Luo Zheng could even react, Bi Feiyu appeared in a flash like a ghost. Several sword beams struck the short sword, shaking off the clear water that was stained on the sword. Then, he took the broken sword in his hand and sized it up.
This was the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Empyrean? Bi Feiyu's heart was filled with ecstasy.
"That doesn't belong to you. Give it to Luo Zheng." A strange voice sounded out.
This voice was a bit old, and it came from the direction of the corpse. Bi Feiyu was shocked, Chen Huangyi's corpse was placed here, and it was a huge pressure on Bi Feiyu. Almost at the same time the voice sounded, the sword in his hand had already slashed out!
The sword gleam slashed towards the corpse. Just as the sword gleam was about to reach Chen Huangyi's sword, the sword gleam began to fold. The originally sharp sword gleam was like a folded piece of paper. It kept folding in space until it finally dissipated into nothingness.
Bi Feiyu was very clear that there weren't many people in the universe who could so easily resolve his sword attack. Aside from the few Empyreans and Great Realm Lords, no one else could do it.
His heart trembled. He chose to take the broken sword and retreat. All the secrets must be in this broken sword. As long as this broken sword was in his hands, he would be able to figure it out …
"Whoosh!"
Wind blew under his feet as he stepped on a profound sword step. This step was many times more profound than the sword step that Luo Zheng had comprehended!
However, after sliding for less than ten meters, he was frozen in the air.
An invisible force restrained him, causing him to be unable to move at all!
Xun looked at Bi Feiyu with an indifferent gaze. She had expected someone to make a move, but she didn't expect the person to be so powerful. He was probably not an ordinary Empyrean …
Bi Feiyu's face was filled with fear. He struggled with all his might in that force, but this force was not something he could resist!
"Who is it, who is it!"
In the end, Chen Huangyi had already passed away. He might have set up some powerful methods, but he definitely couldn't control Bi Feiyu to this extent.
A faint figure quietly appeared and stood behind Chen Huang Yijian.