Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.16

Chapter 1501
Right now, Luo Zheng's footsteps were unprecedentedly light and fast.
When he first stepped into the Mountain Crushing Clan's territory with Han Liusu, he was extremely shocked when he saw the Mountain Crushing Clan members moving freely on the silver boulder.
After more than half a year of experience and absorbing the source of power here, the gravity was no longer worth mentioning to him!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
These Great Demon Badgers lived in the Sacred Spring Mountain all year round and had absorbed a lot of energy.
Three bull-sized Demon Badgers pounced towards Luo Zheng. The power contained within them was not small. Even Lie Yu couldn't help but retreat when he saw this.
He had placed his hopes on Luo Zheng. Although he was not clear about Luo Zheng's strength, and this fellow had only been in the Mountain Crushing Clan for a short period of time, the problem was that he had absorbed such a large amount of energy …
Luo Zheng took a stance and gently took a step forward.
Before entering the Sacred Spring Mountain, his every move was extremely clumsy. Even a distance of two to three feet was difficult for him to cross. It was as if his entire body had sunk into an invisible swamp.
At this moment, that little bit of gravitational force was no obstacle to Luo Zheng at all!
Three incomparably swift punches were thrown!
"Pop pop pop!"
The three bull-sized Great Demon Badgers froze in the air, then suddenly exploded. Their skin and flesh shattered, and their bones and tendons also shattered inch by inch. In the end, they turned into three streaks of blood, smearing the ground in front of Luo Zheng …
These Great Demon Badgers were considered to be at the top of the food chain at the bottom of the cave. They had once surrounded and captured members of the Mountain Crushing Clan, including foreign Martial Warriors, but they had never thought that this human's strength would be so terrifying.
After a series of wails, the remaining Great Demon Badgers dispersed in a hubbub. How could they be willing to find trouble with Luo Zheng?
"Powerful, powerful …"
Lie Yu took a deep breath.
Lie Yu was extremely dissatisfied with Luo Zheng's treatment in the Mountain Crushing Clan. Not only him, but many of the Mountain Crushing Clan members and foreign Martial Warriors were also dissatisfied.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng was only relying on his innate talent of not being afraid of fire to swindle resources from the Mountain Crushing Clan. Whether or not he could really help the Mountain Crushing Clan was still a big question mark …
Now, Lie Yu was truly convinced. This fellow could not be compared to those foreign martial artists!
Luo Zheng rubbed his fists and curled his lips. "Let's go!"
Lie Yu nodded and immediately followed him.
This huge cave was a long slope that slowly led upwards. Along the way, Luo Zheng encountered a few strange beasts.
However, according to Lie Yu, these exotic beasts weren't particularly powerful. They were lucky …
The terrain gradually rose, and when it reached the middle section, many caves began to appear around it. These caves were connected to the many caves in Sacred Spring Mountain. No matter which path one chose, they would eventually come out from one of the caves and leave through the caves below.
Many warriors had been tossing and turning inside the Sacred Spring Mountain for a while. In the end, they had absorbed a considerable amount of Origin Energy. At this moment, they left one after another, gathering with Luo Zheng and the others.
After walking for about the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, the road ahead became brighter and brighter. Then, a huge mountain pass appeared in front of them.
Lei Toad crossed his arms and stood at the mountain pass. Behind him were many members of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe. They had been waiting here for a long time.
Warriors who could safely leave the Sacred Spring Mountain had passed the Collapsing Mountain Tribe's rite of passage. This was a sign that the Collapsing Mountain Tribe had matured.
"How was your harvest?"
Every year, there would be some warriors with great harvests. However, most of them were from the Collapsing Mountain Tribe. Unless the foreign martial artists encountered a particularly great opportunity, their harvest was usually ranked very low.
This time, however, Lei Toad was very concerned about a foreign martial artist.
The place he was bringing Luo Zheng to was too dangerous. Naturally, he hoped that Luo Zheng could grow as much as possible.
"Not bad," Luo Zheng nodded lightly.
Lie Yu originally wanted to speak, but along the way, Luo Zheng had quietly reminded him that there was some kind of mysterious power in that cave. It should be controlled by a living creature, and that living creature was not willing to reveal this secret. If possible, Lie Yu had better not report it …
Lie Yu's heart itched, but he thought that Luo Zheng's words made sense. The eight trigrams ball had been confiscated in the end. If he casually revealed this secret, wouldn't it bring trouble to the Collapsing Mountain Tribe? Therefore, Lie Yu held back.
Before Luo Zheng could answer Lei Toad, a Collapsing Mountain Tribe martial artist suddenly laughed loudly. "Haha, Uncle Lei! I soaked in a pool of energy source! "
"Oh?" Lei Toad's eyes flashed.
"That pool of energy source suddenly rained down on me. At that time, I was stunned! However, in the end, I only absorbed a small portion. Sigh … "The Collapsing Mountain Tribe member sighed.
"A pool of energy source rained down on you? That's the gravitational pull of the energy source being reversed! This … "Lei Toad's face revealed an excited expression. This kind of situation rarely happened in the Sacred Spring Mountain.
"What's so great about that? I just had a small stream here. There was so much energy source that I couldn't even digest it …" A foreign martial artist sneered.
Actually, along the way, they had also communicated with each other.
At the beginning, everyone thought that they had encountered a fortuitous encounter. However, after communicating, they realized that everyone's experiences were more or less the same. Only a few martial artists' caves did not have any energy source. That was why they had missed such a heaven-sent opportunity.
After listening to these people talking, Lei Toad finally understood what had happened in the Sacred Spring Mountain.
It seemed that after everyone had entered the Sacred Spring Mountain, the gravitational pull of the entire Sacred Spring Mountain had become chaotic. Therefore, many martial artists had been tossed up and down. It was also because of this reason that the energy source that was so far out of reach had poured down in torrents!
In the past, only a few martial artists had been able to obtain such a fortuitous encounter. However, this time, it was so common …
Many Collapsing Mountain Tribe members who had gone through the Coming of Age Ceremony and those who had not had the chance to do so, revealed looks of envy when they heard these words.
The energy source was too important to a Body Refinement Cultivator. It would often determine the limits of their future growth. The martial artists who had entered the Sacred Spring Mountain this year could be considered to have struck the jackpot. However, none of them knew that all of this was bestowed upon them by Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng, everyone's gains are not bad. How about you?" Lei Toad was still more concerned about Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, "My luck is not bad. I absorbed some energy source."
"How much is some?" Lei Toad asked.
"I absorbed to the limit of my physical body's capacity. There is still a lot that I did not finish absorbing. It is a waste," Luo Zheng replied faintly. His face revealed a look of regret.
His answer was to prevent Lei Toad from asking any further questions.
Luo Zheng had indeed absorbed to his limit. However, his limit was to break open the world in his body. He had directly transformed the energy source into nine stars and placed it within. It was naturally a fact that there was still a lot that he did not finish absorbing. However, Lei Toad did not know that Luo Zheng's regret was the entire lake of energy source! Even if a True God were to soak in it, he might not be able to absorb it completely …
"Very good! Everyone has received the favor of the Sacred Spring Mountain. Follow me! "Lei Toad nodded and said with a smile.
After passing through the Sacred Spring Mountain, many warriors had to undergo the test of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe. After that, if the warriors from other tribes wanted to continue cultivating here, they could choose to join the Collapsing Mountain Tribe's team to hunt outside. Of course, they could also choose to leave the Collapsing Mountain Tribe.
According to the results of the test, the Collapsing Mountain Tribe would allocate teams. After all, when they went out to hunt, they would face powerful exotic beasts. When dividing the work, they would take into account everyone's strength.
Under Lei Toad's lead, many warriors moved and returned to the Collapsing Mountain Tribe.
On the huge square of the Mountain Crushing Tribe, there was now a huge golden rock. This golden rock was about ten feet tall and square in shape. Under the light, it emitted a dazzling golden glow, as if it was a piece of pure gold.
This golden rock was much harder and heavier than the huge silver rock on the ground of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe.
"They are back, Princess Royal," He Zuowei looked at the team in the distance and reminded her.
This time, Han Liusu did not have the qualifications to participate in the trial of the Sacred Spring Mountain. Although she could stand up, she could only stagger. Therefore, Han Liusu was very depressed …
"Luo Zheng is back?" Han Liusu blinked her eyes. She knew that there was a certain mortality rate in the Sacred Spring Mountain. After all, there were some unlucky people who could not return. Naturally, she did not want Luo Zheng to be such an unlucky person.
"Luo Zheng is walking at the front," He Zuowei replied. "This kid safely passed the trial of the Sacred Spring Mountain. I wonder how far he can push this rock in the next test?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1502
The culture of the Collapsing Mountain Clan was very simple. Compared to the other brilliant civilizations in the universe, it could even be considered very primitive.
Even the test of strength was very crude and simple.
The golden square stone was placed on the square and the martial artist had to exert all his strength to push the stone. The distance that the martial artist could push the stone would determine the winner …
Actually, the test for body cultivators should be very complicated, and the standard of the test was not only limited to pure strength.
For example, the physical body's resistance to attacks, toughness, flexibility and so on.
However, the Collapsing Mountain Clan only tested this, which was actually unfair. It also did not represent the martial artist's full strength.
It was just that the Collapsing Mountain Clan had always been proud of their strength, and this was the only thing that they valued the most.
According to the standard set by the Collapsing Mountain Clan, the strength of this test was divided into four levels.
To push the golden stone two inches was extraordinary.
To push it one inch was martial bravery.
To push it five inches was divine power.
To push it ten inches was Barbarian King!
With the strength of the Collapsing Mountain Clan's martial artists, if they were to push mountains, they could probably push tens of thousands of ordinary mountains!
But to push the golden square stone in front of them was not an easy task.
The younger generation of the Collapsing Mountain Clan viewed it as a great honor to follow their elders out to hunt. However, not all of the Collapsing Mountain Clan's martial artists could push the stone after undergoing the trial in the Sacred Spring Mountain. Less than a third of them could obtain this qualification every year.
Because the minimum requirement to participate in the hunt was to push it two inches, which was at least extraordinary!
But under the test of the majority of martial artists, this golden square stone did not move at all — after all, the Collapsing Mountain Clan's gravity was very strong. Coupled with the terrifying weight of this golden square stone, it was probably equivalent to the weight of tens of thousands of mountains compressed together. Not to mention two inches, even moving it by an inch was extremely difficult.
Because of this difficulty, the Collapsing Mountain Clan only gave four standards.
To be able to obtain an extraordinary evaluation, to the younger generation of the Collapsing Mountain Clan, was already a great honor …
The atmosphere this year was also slightly different.
Whether it was the Collapsing Mountain Clan or the martial artists from other clans, they were all full of confidence at this moment.
Other than a few martial artists who could not find the source of their strength and were dejected, the majority of the people were rubbing their palms. This year, their goal was not only "extraordinary", but "martial bravery". There were even some who wanted to challenge the title of "divine power".
At the side of the plaza, He Zuowei and the others supported Han Liusu and placed her on a soft stool to watch the Mountain Crushing Clan's test.
The Thunder Toad took two steps forward and leaped up. It sat on the golden square stone with a golden blade, and a list of names appeared in its large hand. "Suo Tuo!"
The Mountain Crumbling Race was the priority to be recorded on this list.
That Mountain Shattering Mountain Clan member called Suo Tuo slowly walked out. His expression was quite ugly. He was one of those extremely unlucky few.
After entering the Sacred Spring Mountain, Suo Tuo had also been tormented by the gravitational pull. Everyone had been tormented, but the problem was that he had at least obtained a considerable amount of energy …
Not only did he fail to obtain the source of power, but the area he was in just so happened to have many stalagmites protruding from the top. If not for his vigilance, he would have died there!
Soto really wasn't in the mood to accept this test. After all, he hadn't gained anything in the Sacred Spring Mountain at all.
However, he didn't dare to disobey the leader's orders. He could only walk over unhappily and nod at the Thunder Toad on the golden square stone.
The Thunder Toad had presided over this kind of test many times. From his expression, he could tell that Suo Tuo didn't gain much. However, although there weren't many rules in the Mountain Crushing Clan, there were still rules. This test wasn't allowed to be abandoned. Even warriors from other clans could give up. They had to pass the test before they could leave the Mountain Crushing Clan.
Suo Tuo stood on the spot and got into a stance.
Even if he didn't obtain the source of power, Suo Tuo still had a glimmer of hope in his heart. As long as he could move two inches, he would be able to obtain an extraordinary title. Some outstanding Mountain Crushing Clan members could do it even if they didn't enter the Sacred Spring Mountain.
Stepping into a horse stance, he tightened his muscles and coordinated all the muscles in his body to the extreme.
The larger the body of a living being, the harder it was to coordinate all the strength in his body. However, the Mountain Crushing Clan members had an extraordinary talent in this aspect.
"Ha!"
Suo Tuo suddenly roared and punched out.
Even if there wasn't much hope, he still tried his best. They were a clan that believed in power. They would do everything they could to fight for their own glory.
"Bang!"
A muffled sound echoed.
The huge golden square stone didn't move an inch. The Thunder Toad, who was sitting on top of the golden square stone, looked indifferent. "Suo Tuo, out!"
Suo Tuo's face darkened. He lowered his head and walked to the side. His family members were comforting him. As a member of the Mountain Crushing Clan, he would have a chance to grow with time.
"Ka Lan!"
The Thunder Toad called out another name.
This Mountain Crushing Clan member called Ka Lan was very lucky. The place he was at was the place Luo Zheng had passed by earlier.
That pool of source of power had directly poured down. However, he had absorbed a lot of it.
The power in his body was also in a state of saturation. When he heard the Thunder Toad call out his name, he jumped out. "Ka Lan is here!"
The Thunder Toad pursed his lips, signaling Ka Lan to show his power.
Ka Lan strode to the front of the huge golden stone. After cupping his hands at the Thunder Toad, he revealed a confident expression. "I want to challenge the god power!"
As soon as he said that, the surrounding people started to discuss.
"Such big words. He hasn't used god power for thirteen years already right?"
"It's different this time. In the past, it would be good if he could get a few dozen drops or even a few hundred drops. This time, many people ate until they were full!"
"That's possible. However, the bodies of the younger generation have a limit. It won't be easy to get the title of god power."
Ka Lan clenched his fingers. A crisp sound like firecrackers could be heard. His entire aura suddenly changed.
Using his entire body's power, a formless energy spread out. His posture gave people an indescribable feeling. It was a contradictory beauty. Both heavy and light were displayed on Ka Lan's body at the same time!
"Retreat … for me!"
"Sou!"
This fist suddenly struck out. The moment it hit the golden square stone, it let out a rumbling sound!
"Peng!"
This shocking power exploded out, spreading out a powerful shockwave!
"Eldest Princess!" He Zuowei was secretly shocked. He quickly blocked in front of the Eldest Princess.
Even if He Zuowei and the rest were sector lords, they were still wary of this power. The Mountain Shattering race was originally a monster race!
If it wasn't for the mission, He Zuowei and the rest would be very willing to enter this training ground to train.
"Hua …"
Under this fist, the golden square stone finally started to move. It slowly slid backwards!
Such power could only make the golden square stone slowly slide. One could imagine how heavy it was …
Two inches …
Five inches …
One inch …
Two inches …
Three inches …
Three and a half inches!
This golden square stone slid for three and a half inches before finally stopping.
Two inches was extraordinary. One inch was valiant. Five inches was god power.
"Three and a half inches. Hehe, this Ka Lan is still powerful!"
"What a pity … if only it went another two inches."
"What a joke. Actually, at two inches, the power would be exhausted. Do you really think that the bottom of the stone is oiled and can slide over by itself?"
Many people felt that it was a pity.
The gap between valiant and god power was too big. To obtain this title was still rather difficult.
"Three and a half inches, valiant, tiger hunt!" Lei Toad said loudly. Someone immediately recorded Ka Lan's result.
If this result was in the past, it would be considered amazing. However, Ka Lan's face was still a little resentful. Although valiant and god power were only one level apart, the gap was still huge. His power was still lacking and he didn't obtain this honor.
The Thunder Toad flipped over and gently kicked the golden stone back to its original position.
He couldn't use any force in the air. He could only rely on his own strength to push the golden square stone back three and a half inches. This was what it meant to lift something heavy as though it was light!
Some of the other race warriors' eyes lit up. However, the Mountain Shattering race members weren't surprised by this scene. If one didn't have such power, how could one become the leader of the Mountain Shattering race?
After Lei Toad flipped and sat properly, he shouted again, "Third, Ma Xi!"
The third person pushed the golden square stone four inches away, only to receive an extraordinary title.

Chapter 1503
Just as everyone had predicted, the Mountain Crumbling Clan's performance was very eye-catching this time.
In the past, only one out of three people would reach the Extraordinary level. However, this year, except for a few people, almost everyone could reach the Extraordinary level.
Not only that, but there were also several "Valiant Warriors".
However, there was only one person who received the title of "Divine Strength". That was a Mountain Crumbling Clan member named "Lin Meng".
Compared to the other Mountain Crumbling Clan members, this Lin Meng's body was indeed one size bigger. The energy source he absorbed was also much more than the other Mountain Crumbling Clan members. Naturally, the energy he released was much stronger.
When he punched down, even the golden square stone shook and retreated five feet and three inches!
The Mountain Crumbling Clan had not produced a "Divine Strength" for many years. After Lei Toad announced it, the entire Mountain Crumbling Clan was in an uproar.
Generally speaking, those who had the title of "Divine Strength" were very likely to become the leader of the Mountain Crumbling Clan in the future. In this way, although this test was very simple, it was very valuable …
After the Mountain Crumbling Clan finished the test, it was the foreign warriors' turn next.
Although there was a "Divine Strength" this year, Lei Toad knew that the Mountain Crumbling Clan members would not be able to compete with the foreign warriors in this test.
In terms of pure strength, the Mountain Crumbling Clan did have a great advantage. Their physical bodies were naturally much stronger than the foreign warriors.
However, there was a very fatal problem. The foreign warriors' body refining techniques were very scientific. Their physical bodies might not be as strong as the Mountain Crumbling Clan members, but they could activate their Dao Pillars. Especially after the eight-level Dao Pillars, they could carry much more energy source than the foreign warriors!
In the past, there were too many monks and too little porridge. The amount of energy source they could absorb was limited. However, the Mountain Crumbling Clan members were one step ahead. Naturally, they could absorb much more energy source than the foreign warriors.
This year, there were internal problems in the Sacred Spring Mountain. The Mountain Crumbling Clan members were not the only ones who were full. The foreign warriors in front of them were not bad either.
And these foreign warriors could use their techniques to maximize their energy source. Therefore, it was not surprising that they surpassed the Mountain Crumbling Clan.
"Yao An!"
Lei Toad called out the name of the first foreign warrior.
The one who walked out was a skinny old man. This old man was less than four feet tall and short. Especially when he stood in front of the Mountain Crumbling Clan members, he looked like a dwarf.
The hunchbacked man's mustache curled up slightly as he walked over and nodded at the Thunder Toad.
After which, Yao An extended his chicken claw-like hand and gently rubbed the surface of the golden square stone. Then, he knocked his thumb on it.
It was as if the object in front of him was not an unimaginably heavy stone, but an exquisite antique.
"Hehe, Golden Fork Strange Stone. This stone is quite valuable. Even in the Divine Realm, it can be auctioned off for a good price. I wonder if Chief Lightning has any intention of selling it?" Yao An asked faintly.
"Cut the crap. Once the test is over, scram!" Lei Toad replied coldly.
The huge silver rocks that were laid out in the Mountain Crumbling Clan were known as Silver Gang Stones. This kind of stone material was already considered a rare item.
Once, after some foreign warriors entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they thought of ways to steal the Silver Gang Stones from the Mountain Crumbling Clan. Although the Silver Gang Stones were extremely sturdy and hard to destroy, under the drive of greed, they took the Sky Boric Acid and melted it piece by piece before transporting it away piece by piece. During that period of time, quite a number of Silver Gang Stones were stolen.
This action angered the Mountain Crumbling Clan members. During that period of time, they killed quite a number of foreign warriors. Moreover, this action was condemned by the other foreign warriors. Later on, fewer and fewer people dared to have this idea.
Other than the Silver Gang Stones, the Mountain Crumbling Clan also had a small number of Golden Fork Strange Stones. The one under Lei Toad's feet was the biggest one.
This Golden Fork Strange Stone was many times heavier than the Silver Gang Stones. Hence, it was even more rare and precious.
However, this kind of treasure was not something an ordinary warrior could take away. Even if it was placed in the top grade Sumeru Ring, it would instantly crush the space.
When some foreign warriors saw this stone, they would eventually have ideas and would be willing to pay a high price to buy it. Lei Toad did not know how many times he had rejected them. Now that he heard the old man speak, why would he care?
Lei Toad's tone was unfriendly. However, Yao An did not mind. He only chuckled and gently took a step back.
With a light shake of his body, his clothes turned to dust and dissipated.
A part of his meridians began to turn dark. As they intertwined, they formed a dragon-shaped pattern. This dragon's shape was a little strange. The dragon's body went around the old man's back and spiraled up his chest. The dragon's head gathered on his face!
"Evil Dragon Art." Lei Toad's eyelids twitched.
Although the Mountain Crumbling Clan members never cultivated foreign martial arts, it did not mean that they were ignorant.
Han Liusu sat on a chair and noticed the cultivation method on the old man's body. She sneered, "It should be Feng Zhu's people."
He Zuowei nodded, "Yes, it's Feng Zhu's people. They have recently sent many people down."
"It's useless." Han Liusu shook her head.
He Zuowei agreed, "Wherever the Saint Emperor's vision reaches, it is destined that they will not be able to escape. This kind of struggle is indeed useless."
When the dragon was fully formed, a red dot suddenly appeared on his cheek. It was exactly where the dragon's eyes were. Looking at it, it was as if this person had an eye on his cheek!
At this moment, an extremely ferocious aura suddenly burst out from the old man's body!
Then, he used a finger to knock heavily on the golden square stone in front of him.
"Pa!"
This sound seemed to be the sound of the old man's finger bones breaking. It was quite crisp.
He only used a finger to knock, and he was about to move such a large golden square stone …
"Heh, this old man's harvest this time is not bad. Using seventy-two meridians to create the Evil Dragon Dao Protection, and using the power source to create the Evil Dragon Root. The improvement is too obvious!"
"Lower your voice. Feng Zhu's people are extremely eccentric. It's best not to provoke them!"
"But can he really move this stone with a single finger?"
Just as everyone was discussing, a violent vibration suddenly came from the golden square stone.
This golden square stone began to slide backward!
"Rumble …"
The speed of the slide was also extremely fast. In an instant, it had moved a foot away!
Next, it was three feet, then five feet!
"Rumble …"
In the end, it slowly came to a stop at eight feet and three inches.
"God Power!"
"The first foreign martial artist gave birth to God Power!"
"This time, the foreign martial artists have struck it rich!"
The faces of the Mountain Crushing Tribe's people twitched and their faces turned ugly.
A race ultimately hoped for their own people to be strong. Actually, the races of the Six Great Sacred Grounds naturally had an instinctive resistance against foreign martial artists. Who would be willing to let the fertile water flow into the fields of an outsider?
This was equivalent to a sect establishing a sect. They had painstakingly built the sect, but it was all for the martial artists outside the sect, giving a portion of their resources to the outsiders.
Such a thankless task was no different from being an idiot.
But this was the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. These rules were all set by the clan's prophet. Even Lei Toad was powerless to change them. But it still gave the clan the greatest advantage …
That old man stretched out his hand and rubbed his finger. His face was slightly proud. He nodded slightly to the surrounding martial artists before retreating.
Lei Toad's face was still indifferent. He called out the next foreign martial artist's name.
"Liu Fang …"
The foreign martial artists started to take the test one after another.
It was similar to what Lei Toad had expected. These foreign martial artists were able to unleash the full potential of their power source. They were directly one level higher than the Mountain Crushing Tribe's people.
Most of the martial artists were able to push the golden square stone one foot away and obtain the title of Valiant. A portion of them were able to push the golden square stone five feet away and obtain the title of God Power.
The title of "God Power" was relatively rare. Lei Toad only had God Power back then!
But this year, two or three foreign martial artists had appeared consecutively. After this test, there were already more than ten of them. And one of them had even pushed the golden square stone nine feet and three inches away.
Another seven inches and that would be the title of Barbarian King!

Chapter 1504
Han Cangyan had also obtained a considerable amount of energy source under a fortuitous encounter.
More importantly, the technique that Han Cangyan cultivated was extremely special. He could send out all the energy in his body in one punch!
After this punch, Han Cangyan's entire body was drained of energy. He fell to the ground, no longer having the slightest bit of strength. And that golden square stone was pushed forty feet away …
In the history of the Collapsing Mountain Clan, this distance could be ranked in the top ten!
After Han Cangyan obtained the title of Barbarian King, he did not choose to leave the Collapsing Mountain Clan. Instead, he chose to continue training in the clan.
During a hunt, the Collapsing Mountain Clan's hunting team met with danger. After the leader fell, Han Cangyan led the clan to escape, making a great contribution. In addition, he obtained the title of Barbarian King. Hence, it was only logical that he became the leader of the Collapsing Mountain Clan. Until he left the Collapsing Mountain Clan, Han Cangyan had always been leading the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
It was not such an easy thing for an outsider to become the leader.
Many Collapsing Mountain Clan members were not willing to be controlled by outsiders. Even if Han Cangyan had helped the Collapsing Mountain Clan, after he became the leader, there were still many clansmen who disliked him.
After all, in the eyes of the Collapsing Mountain Clan, these outsiders were ultimately inferior existences. Even though many outsiders came from the Divine Domain.
Hence, the Collapsing Mountain Clan did not wish for a Barbarian King to be born here. After all, the appearance of a Barbarian King was very likely to lead to another outsider leader.
Luckily, the title of "Divine Power" had appeared many times. But ultimately, there had never been a Barbarian King!
Lei Toad's large hand flipped open a page of the register. His eyes flashed slightly, and then he shouted, "Luo Zheng!"
Once this name popped out, everyone's gaze instantly fell on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had been waiting in the crowd for a long time.
Previously, when Han Liusu brought Luo Zheng into the Collapsing Mountain Clan, it had attracted many people's attention.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was just a second-class living being without any reputation. Naturally, he was not worthy of their attention.
But that Han Liusu's reputation was not small.
Many outsiders had noticed Han Liusu. At the same time, they wondered why this Han Jia's daughter would come to the Collapsing Mountain Clan …
Later, it became clear that this woman had brought Luo Zheng in. As for what her real purpose was, no one knew.
However, a portion of the people knew about the Deviant Fire that had appeared on Han Jia's daughter's body. The Deviant Fire on Han Jia's daughter's body was difficult to detect even in the Divine Domain. It was an unknown Deviant Fire that could burn almost everything.
The Han Family's Saint Emperor also placed great importance on this Deviant Flame, which was why he valued his daughter so much.
The problem was that Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of this strange flame …
Compared to the members of the Collapsing Mountain Clan, the ones who were the most shocked were the foreign martial artists from the Realm of the Gods. As insiders, they were naturally shocked to see Luo Zheng lying on the ground perfectly fine despite being covered in Deviant Fire.
As for the Mountain Shattering clansmen throwing Luo Zheng into the bonfire and barbecuing him, those foreign martial artists were secretly laughing in their hearts.
Although the mysterious flame from the Wood of Crossing Misfortune couldn't be underestimated, in the eyes of those from the Realm of the Gods, it paled in comparison. He wasn't even afraid of Han Jia's daughter's Deviant Fire, so why would he be afraid of your bonfire?
After that, Luo Zheng received the Collapsing Mountain Clan's courteous reception. A portion of the foreign martial artists saw this, but those who were in the know knew that Luo Zheng must have some great magical ability. There were even some who used secret techniques to secretly pass this information back.
Luo Zheng didn't belong to the Realm of the Gods, so he knew nothing about the situation in the Realm of the Gods. Even if there were undercurrents within the Collapsing Mountain Clan, and even if the foreign martial artists were secretly competing with each other, he didn't feel anything …
As for Han Liusu, she definitely knew. However, with her status, the fellows within the Collapsing Mountain Clan weren't worthy of her attention.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's appearance naturally attracted a lot of attention!
Lei Toad was very much looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance. He hoped that Luo Zheng would also be able to obtain the title of 'Divine Strength'. If Luo Zheng's strength could really reach this stage, then he would be able to bring Luo Zheng out soon!
But Lei Toad was still a bit worried.
Luo Zheng was only at the Extreme Divine Realm. He was clear that cultivation didn't represent a martial artist's strength. But, the higher one's cultivation, the greater the amount of energy they could carry.
Almost all the martial artists that entered the Collapsing Mountain Clan were at the Divine Transformation Realm. There were even quite a few at the peak of the Divine Transformation Realm, with the strength of a half-step World Lord.
This Luo Zheng's Extreme Divine Realm cultivation was ultimately a restriction to him.
"Are you ready?" Lei Toad revealed a kind smile towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Mm, I'm ready!"
He had a good impression of Lei Toad. Although this person was a bit rough, he was sincere.
Since Lei Toad had a favor to ask of him, Lei Toad would give him special treatment. Luo Zheng couldn't not accept this kindness!
"Are you sure you can obtain the title of 'Divine Strength'?" Lei Toad asked again.
Luo Zheng blinked, but shook his head and smiled, "I'm not sure."
Not far away, Lie Yu's eyes suddenly widened …
Lie Yu was a bit unhappy.
This time, Lie Yu also played a part in discovering the upside-down black and white ball!
If it weren't for him and Luo Zheng, how could these people obtain so much energy? Dream on!
However, after jumping into the lake of energy, the amount he could absorb was limited. He was no different from a martial artist who obtained an entire lake of energy …
The result of the test was that he only obtained the title of 'Wu Yong'.
In fact, this result had long exceeded Lie Yu's expectations. Before entering the Sacred Spring Mountain, his ultimate goal was to become 'extraordinary'. But now, the premise was different. Even if he obtained the title of 'Wu Yong', he was still disappointed.
But the scene of Luo Zheng absorbing half of the lake's energy was still vivid in his mind.
Until now, he still couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng had stored the energy. It couldn't have been absorbed by himself.
"I'm not sure …" After glaring at Luo Zheng, Lie Yu's face revealed a look of disdain. This guy didn't even blush when he lied. After all, Luo Zheng had shown a power that far exceeded Lie Yu's when he pushed the stone door open.
Lei Toan's expression didn't change much when Luo Zheng answered. After half a year of contact, Lei Toan had a general understanding of Luo Zheng's character. Then, he waved his hand, "Please."
Because Lei Toan had asked so many questions, the other martial artists immediately began to discuss and speculate about Luo Zheng's strength.
"How many feet can this guy push?"
"He has supernatural powers. His body must be special. If he also absorbs enough energy, I think five feet shouldn't be a problem. It won't be a problem for him to obtain the title of 'Divine Power'!"
"Humph, he's just not afraid of fire. This doesn't mean he has other talents. Maybe he can't even reach the 'extraordinary' level."
"Can't even reach the 'extraordinary' level? Aren't you underestimating him too much? "
"What's the big deal? What if he really doesn't move? Don't forget that Luo Zheng is merely at the Ultimate God Stage. He's also a second-level living being! "
Everyone was talking at once. There were all kinds of opinions.
Seeing that the foreign martial artists were discussing fervently, the people of the Collapsing Mountain Clan also joined in …
Compared to the opinions of the foreign martial artists, the people of the Collapsing Mountain Clan were more simple-minded. Naturally, they didn't think highly of Luo Zheng.
"Look at this guy's body. It's not even as thick as my arm! It's not a big deal if he can push it one or two inches! "
"Most likely!"
"But this guy is still useful to our Collapsing Mountain Clan. I hope he performs well!"
Beside them, Lie Yu's lips couldn't help but tremble when he heard these words.
This guy might even obtain the title of 'Barbarian King'!
But because the opinions of his friends and fellow clansmen were too different from his own, it was better for him not to say anything.
"He Zuowei, what do you think?" Han Liusu stared at Luo Zheng and said.
"Princess Royal, it's hard to say." He Zuowei shook his head.
Han Liusu blinked her beautiful eyes. "What do you mean?"
Because of Han Liusu, He Zuowei and the others were also observing Luo Zheng.
Seeing Luo Zheng's rapid advancement, they couldn't figure out why. They were also confused as to why Luo Zheng could withstand the burning of the 'Strange Flame'!
The Princess Royal's flame was simply unstoppable. Only true experts could use some methods to extinguish it and temporarily suppress it. But that didn't mean they weren't afraid of the 'Strange Flame' …
But this kind of talent didn't determine the strength of Luo Zheng. He Zuowei naturally replied, "It's hard to say."
Han Liusu also didn't really want an answer, but her beautiful face was filled with anticipation. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to surpass her elder brother, but at the very least, he should be able to obtain the title of Divine Force, right?
But at this moment, there was no point in discussing. Because Luo Zheng was already prepared to attack.
Luo Zheng was like an iron tower, standing in front of the golden square stone.

Chapter 1505
In the past, when Luo Zheng punched, there were two stages when he used his power.
The first stage was to use his own power, and the second stage was to use the power of the dragon scales.
Now, the situation was more complicated. Luo Zheng's physical body could contain much more power source than normal martial artists, and even more than members of the Mountain Shattering Tribe.
Moreover, he also had eight dao platforms.
Outside, why were human martial artists stronger than members of the Mountain Shattering Tribe? Because in their conjoined body techniques, they either opened their dao platforms or expanded their meridians. In short, they could contain extra power source!
So, Luo Zheng not only had the power of his physical body, but also the power of the dao platforms.
These two combined were far more powerful than normal martial artists, but Luo Zheng's true power was the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier.
Those nine stars were like suns, floating silently in the sky, emitting a dazzling light that illuminated Luo Zheng's inner world.
Compared to the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, the Source Power absorbed by Luo Zheng's physical body and Dao Pedestal Tier could be said to be negligible. They were not on the same level at all. The Source Power contained within those nine gigantic stars was probably several hundred times more than the other two!
At this moment, Luo Zheng first activated the power in his physical body.
In the past, Luo Zheng often borrowed the power of the dragon scales, and was very familiar with borrowing the power of dao platforms and inner world. The only difference was that this power did not come from external objects, but from himself!
"Hu …"
Just as Luo Zheng's muscles tensed up, the power in his physical body and eight dao platforms was completely activated!
He was like a large stone thrown into water. Because the stone's mass was too large, it could abruptly push away the water around the stone, forming a powerful flow of water that spread out.
Now, Luo Zheng was this large stone, and the air around him was equivalent to water. Because of the sudden increase in power, the air around him was abruptly pushed away, forming a spiral of wind that suddenly rushed towards him!
"Hualala …"
In this square, everyone's hair began to flutter.
"This power …"
Thunder Toad suddenly stood up, looking down at Luo Zheng.
He sat on that golden square stone, closest to Luo Zheng, and was the most sensitive to the power that Luo Zheng emitted.
Moreover, as the leader of the Mountain Shattering Tribe, he had an extraordinary perception of power, and he felt the surging power in Luo Zheng's body!
"This power is so strong, as if there are tens of thousands of powerful strange beasts living in this brat's body!"
Looking down at Luo Zheng, Thunder Toad actually felt a kind of fear, as if he should not stand on this strange golden stone, because it was very dangerous here.
However, the Thunder Toad quickly rejected this thought that came from its body's instinct. It was too absurd.
Ever since Luo Zheng entered Mountain Shattering Tribe, he had always been taken care of Thunder Toad.
Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng Luo's Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Zheng Zheng...
Luo Zheng could be considered outstanding, but he was definitely not at the top. Of course, that was disregarding Luo Zheng's innate talent of not fearing fire.
After entering Sacred Spring Mountain, Luo Zheng had indeed grown a lot, but he had been given too much power source, and this little fellow was unable to absorb it all. Being able to absorb twenty to thirty thousand drops of power source was already quite shocking.
Thunder Toad would never have thought that the amount of power source that Luo Zheng had absorbed could not be measured with drops. He had absorbed almost half a lake …
"Eldest Princess, I can make a judgment now." He Zuowei stared at Luo Zheng in a daze.
Han Liusu's eyes shone with a strange light, "I don't need you to say it anymore. Hehe, do you believe me now?"
"You mean the Soul Suppressing Cliff?" He Zuowei's expression froze.
Han Liusu nodded, her face filled with gratification. Thinking about how she had to lie on the ground motionlessly for this period of time, it was worth it.
"It's still impossible." He Zuowei shook his head, "There are ways to enter the Soul Suppressing Cliff, but it cannot be broken through with strength. At least, the martial artists of the Forbidden Land of God cannot do it. Even your brother could not do it in the past."
"My brother indeed could not do it, but what if Luo Zheng surpasses my brother?" Han Liusu asked again.
"… …"
He Zuowei could not answer, because he could feel that Luo Zheng's power was growing stronger and stronger. It was so strong that it was outrageous.
The crowd that had been discussing incessantly also completely quieted down at this time.
Even though Luo Zheng had not punched out, everyone already had an answer in their hearts. This fellow's strength probably far surpassed all the martial artists they had met before!
Especially that little old man called Yao An. His pair of soybean-sized eyes shone brightly, as if he had discovered a new treasure.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's punch was extremely slow.
He could freely use the power of his body and dao platform, but it was the first time Luo Zheng had used the inner world to draw out the power contained in the nine stars.
In the past, Luo Zheng had only drawn out true essence from his inner world, and then it was chaotic energy. But this time, it was an extremely strong power. He naturally had to be careful. In any case, this test did not have a time limit!
Thin ribbons of light rolled out from the nine stars and gathered above.
"One twentieth … …"
After several breaths of time, Luo Zheng had only drawn out one twentieth of the power.
Although it was only one twentieth, this power was already so strong that Luo Zheng could not imagine it. He did not dare to continue!
What surprised Luo Zheng was that the way the power of the nine stars moved was very unique. This power did not move through Luo Zheng's meridians, muscles, and bones. This power seemed to come directly from a distant space, and was directly controlled by Luo Zheng.
"If I directly condensed this power into a fist, wouldn't I be able to make it appear anywhere in my body?"
What Luo Zheng did not know was that this was actually a method of the Saints!
In the Divine Realm, this method was known as a divine ability!
For martial artists below the Saint level, including many True Gods, their inner worlds truly existed within their own bodies … …
But the inner worlds of the Saints were actually placed in the periphery of the Divine Realm. It was like a large ship suddenly had many small boats hanging from it, and each small boat was an inner world.
But no matter how far away a Saint was from the universe, if a Saint wanted to draw out the power of the universe, he only needed a thought to draw it out.
This seemed like a type of spatial law, but it was an existence that surpassed spatial law. This was because there was always distance in space. And while there seemed to be a distance between a Saint and the universe they created, in reality, there was no distance at all. This was why some True Gods called it a divine ability.
Luo Zheng's inner world was different from that of other Saints. His inner world was born somewhere in the primal chaos, and there was still a considerable distance between it and the Divine Realm.
When he drew out the power now, the power of the inner world would appear wherever Luo Zheng wanted it to appear according to his will.
This was something Luo Zheng discovered by himself, which was why he felt pleasantly surprised.
One twentieth of the power of the Spiritual Pedestal Nine Stars was gathered by Luo Zheng half an inch in front of his fist, turning into an invisible "fist glove" that wrapped around his right arm.
Thus, at this moment, everyone felt that all the might came from the fist, and even thought that Luo Zheng had cultivated some kind of special fist art that gathered all the power at the front of his fist.
Even those foreign martial artists from the Divine Realm could not see the reason. How could they imagine that Luo Zheng could display a Saint's divine ability that transcended the world?
After a short moment, Luo Zheng's fist finally landed right in front of the strange gold fork stone!
When this unimaginably huge power came into contact with the strange gold fork stone, it produced a fierce vibration!
Previously, this strange gold fork stone had been struck by numerous fists, but no matter if it was extraordinary, martial, or the title of Divine Power, no matter what kind of Body Refining Art they used, the power that erupted from it did not leave half a fist mark on it. The surface of the strange gold fork stone was still as smooth as before.
However, Luo Zheng's fist did not land on it. When it was still half an inch away from the strange gold fork stone, the invisible "fist glove" had already squeezed the strange gold fork stone, forming a clearly visible fist mark.
And as Luo Zheng's fist continued to invade, this fist mark continued to sink in.

Chapter 1506
As the surface of this strange golden-forked stone continued to cave in, a huge kinetic energy began to spread over the entire stone!
"Pop!"
With a muffled sound, the gloves Luo Zheng formed with the power of nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier finally exploded!
And at this instant, Luo Zheng also abruptly pulled back his right hand …
Luo Zheng still wasn't able to control such a huge power. Power was mutual in the end, and when his fist smashed onto this strange golden-forked stone, there would be a huge rebounding force.
However, this rebounding force wasn't attached to Luo Zheng's body. After all, there was still half an inch of distance between that "Power Gloves" and Luo Zheng's fist!
If Luo Zheng directly gathered this power in his hand, under such a rebounding force, one of his arms would directly shatter!
Quickly withdrawing his hand, Luo Zheng's body only swayed slightly, and he couldn't help but exhale slightly. This power was terrifyingly powerful, and it was also not easy for him to control it. If he was slightly careless, he'd be playing with fire!
After Luo Zheng's power spread over the entire stone, Lei Toad's expression suddenly changed, and he instantly felt that he couldn't stand steadily!
His reaction was also extremely fast. At this moment, with a sudden burst of strength, he somersaulted in the air and jumped straight down from the strange golden-forked stone, standing firmly on the ground.
And the moment he stood on the ground, he saw this strange golden-forked stone shoot forward at an extremely fast speed!
"Hu …"
This strange golden-forked stone was extremely heavy, and under its high speed, it pushed away the surrounding air with all its might, setting off fist-sized cyclones that continuously spiraled in the surroundings.
Even the surface of the plaza paved with Silver Star Stone was deeply indented by this strange golden-forked stone!
One could imagine the power Luo Zheng displayed within!
One foot …
Ten feet …
Twenty feet …
Thirty feet …
Forty feet …
Fifty feet!
"Hong!"
Ten inches was one foot, and ten feet was one zhang.
Fifty feet away from this strange golden forked rock, there was a building of the Mountain Crumbling Race. That building was also constructed with Silver Astral Stones, and it was built to store all kinds of beast bones and beast blood. Almost all the blood troughs in the plaza were gathered here!
The golden-forked strange stone continued to push forward with a strong inertia, directly slamming into the building!
"Boom …"
The entire flying structure made of Silver Gang Stone collapsed with a loud rumble, completely covering the strange golden stone.
Luo Zheng stood in place. Seeing the destruction caused by his punch, he was also a little stunned.
He immediately cursed in his heart. He had used too much power …
It was his first time borrowing the power of nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, so Luo Zheng wasn't able to control the amount of power very well. Or rather, he wasn't clear on how great the power contained within these nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier was.
One twentieth … in Luo Zheng's eyes, it wasn't much, but even he himself had never thought that it would have such a powerful explosive power.
More importantly, the power of Luo Zheng's punch was slightly inclined downwards, so the friction between the strange golden stone and the Silver Gang Stone on the ground was relatively great. If he had punched upwards, he might have been able to send this strange golden stone flying …
This scene shocked even Luo Zheng himself, and one could imagine the expressions of the bystanders.
His path was blocked by that building, and he only slid out fifty feet. If there wasn't this building, how much could he have slid out?
Three hundred feet? Two hundred feet?
It was no longer important how much he slid out.
The Mountain Crumbling Race used this strange golden stone to test their power as a tradition that had continued for many years.
Among them, the best record was thirty-one feet.
Of course, this record was for martial artists who stepped into the Sacred Spring Mountain for the first time.
Almost all the adult hunters of the Mountain Crumbling Race could push this strange golden stone a distance of thirty to forty feet. As for a top-notch existence like Thunder Toad, with full power, he could also push out Luo Zheng's result.
But Luo Zheng had only been here for half a year. How could he compare to Thunder Toad and the others?
When this guy came in, he was a foreign martial artist who couldn't even crawl up …
Looking at the collapsed building, everyone in the plaza fell silent.
Han Liusu smiled brightly, "I said, I believe that flower seller."
He Zuowei swallowed, "This power isn't enough to break through the Subduing Soul Cliff …"
"Of course I know, but is Luo Zheng really using all his power? Did you see him retreat? "Han Liusu stared at He Zuowei and asked.
This was a question of common sense. Many of the martial artists present had overlooked it, but people like Thunder Toad and Han Liusu had noticed it.
The destruction caused by the strange golden stone might be very attractive, but they were more concerned about Luo Zheng's actions! This guy didn't retreat!
The effect of power was mutual. When you punched someone, there would be a rebounding force in your body.
If a body refinement martial artist punched downwards, under the sudden explosion of power, he would fly into the sky!
According to common sense, when Luo Zheng punched out, his own mass was countless times smaller than the strange golden stone. Under the rebounding force, he would probably fly out.
But Luo Zheng actually stabilized his body and only swayed in place!
They subconsciously thought that Luo Zheng still had some power left, so he could stand firmly in place!
But thinking carefully, it was still wrong.
Even if Luo Zheng had enough power left to resist the rebounding force from the strange golden stone, his body shouldn't be able to withstand it.
Taking a step back, Luo Zheng's body was terrifyingly strong. Then he should have left two deep footprints on the ground paved with Silver Gang Stone, or directly crushed the ground.
The problem was that none of this existed.
The rebounding force seemed to have disappeared. Luo Zheng just stood there unreasonably. The others couldn't solve the doubts in their hearts. At the same time, they had to face the reality of the scene in front of them!
"This … this subordinate also doesn't know why Luo Zheng didn't retreat." He Zuowei's mind was also in a mess. He really couldn't understand this.
"Then don't say that Luo Zheng doesn't have the ability." Han Liusu's mouth twitched. Her small face revealed a proud expression.
He Zuowei was helpless. He turned around to look at the few people behind him. The few sector lords were also helpless. They were like He Zuowei. Other than being shocked, they were even more confused and didn't understand.
"How did you do it?" Lei Toad didn't hide anything and directly asked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's performance had far exceeded Lei Toad's expectations. Lei Toad even felt threatened. He had hoped that Luo Zheng could grow as much as possible, especially to obtain as much power source as possible in Sacred Spring Mountain. This would allow his strength to increase rapidly.
But this wasn't the right way to improve. This speed was completely beyond his imagination. Even if Lei Toad's personality was relatively calm, he still couldn't accept it.
"You're asking if I pushed this rock out?" Luo Zheng was also vexed. He could only think of a new excuse to explain his strength.
He didn't expect that Lei Toad wasn't concerned about this. He shook his head. "No, I want to know how you didn't retreat …"
"I … didn't retreat?" Luo Zheng was startled. He cursed inwardly again.
To avoid the rebounding force from the power gauntlet, he withdrew his fist in time. Thus, Luo Zheng didn't come into direct contact with this rock, so the rebounding force was greatly reduced.
In this way, his performance was a little too calm.
If he had known, Luo Zheng would have frantically retreated. It would be best if he flew a few hundred meters before stopping. That would be considered normal …
"I cultivated a Mystical Power that can transfer power out of my body, so I didn't retreat," Luo Zheng answered.
He wasn't lying. He had indeed transferred the power of nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and transformed it into a formless gauntlet.
Lei Toad didn't believe Luo Zheng's words at all. He only said, "There are new talents in every generation, I'm too surprised. However …" That originally serious expression suddenly became kind. He smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "Still, congratulations to you for breaking this record and obtaining the title of Barbarian King! You can join the Divine Hunters! "
The requirement for the title of "Barbarian King" was only a distance of thirty meters. Luo Zheng had pushed out more than forty meters. Unfortunately, the Collapsing Mountain Race only had these four titles. There wasn't a title of a higher level.
Right at this moment, two children of the Collapsing Mountain Race walked over quickly. After bowing to Lei Toad, one of the children said, "Come with me, the prophet wants to meet you."
"Prophet? Where is he? "
Luo Zheng only knew that the Collapsing Mountain Race seemed to have a prophet after entering the Sacred Spring Mountain. However, he'd never seen him in the half year he'd been here.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1507
After Luo Zheng left, the whole square began to boil.
Among them, the most enthusiastic was probably the Mountain Crushing Race.
Those foreign martial artists, on the other hand, remained silent …
The origins of the foreign martial artists were very mixed, coming from various large universes and from the divine realm. Although they had paid attention to Luo Zheng before, most of them were envious of the special treatment Luo Zheng received from the Mountain Crushing Race.
Of course, this kind of treatment was not worth mentioning in the eyes of the divine realm's martial artists.
The only goal of the martial artists from the divine realm was the source of power. As for the Mountain Crushing Race's method of body refinement through the resonance of battle songs and devouring the flesh and blood of various rare beasts, these things were not very attractive to them. No matter how good the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was, it was still built by a Saint, so how could it compare to the divine realm?
The divine realm was the real world! So, the living beings born in the divine realm had the right to call the people of the universe second-class living beings.
But now, the expressions of these people from the divine realm had all changed!
They could not think of the reason why Luo Zheng suddenly became strong.
Was it because of the Mountain Crushing Race's treatment?
Was it because of the strong wine that the Thunder Toad bestowed Luo Zheng? Was it because he devoured the internal organs of those strange beasts? Even with their toes, they could get the answer "impossible".
"Tsk tsk, the key problem is still the source of power," the little old man called Yao An said in a low voice.
Beside Yao An was a martial artist whose body was completely black. This martial artist had also received the title of "God Power". Hearing the little old man's words, he said coldly, "He's only in the God Tier, how much source of power can he devour?"
Yao An frowned. "What if he has opened nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier?"
"Heng, is that possible? Even if he has opened nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, the source of power he can absorb is still limited, at most twice as much. This is already the limit. In addition to the eighth layer of the Dao Pedestal Tier, and the source of power his physical body can contain is still limited, "the dark martial artist said.
"I'm confused on this point." Yao An shook his head, a malicious look flashing in his eyes. If there was a chance, could he capture this brat and interrogate him alone?
However, this kind of opportunity was not easy to seize. This was the Mountain Crushing Race's territory, and the Mountain Crushing Race still needed Luo Zheng's help, so how could they let a foreign martial artist succeed so easily?
If the Mountain Collapsing Clan got rid of Luo Zheng, there would be a chance …
Yao An had originally planned to leave after taking the test. While the subsequent cultivation of the Collapsing Mountain Race might be important, as a member of Feng Zhu, he had a better choice.
Luo Zheng's action had undoubtedly created a new record.
The key point was that they couldn't see the end point of Luo Zheng's record. If it wasn't blocked by that building, how far could Luo Zheng push this strange golden fork stone?
Eight hundred feet?
A thousand feet?
Or even two thousand feet?
This was destined to be an unprecedented record that would never be broken in the future.
"Alright! Next! " Lei Toad waved his hand and announced amidst the clamor. The shocked expression on his face gradually disappeared.
Luo Zheng's performance had already made Lei Toad feel relieved. His previous worries had completely dissipated. Perhaps Luo Zheng was sent by the heavens to help their Mountain Crushing Tribe. Now that Luo Zheng had gone to meet the Prophet, everything would depend on the Prophet's instructions.
Under the guidance of the Mountain Crushing Tribe's child, Luo Zheng bypassed one rough building after another.
The Mountain Crushing Tribe's building didn't have any special features. It was just casually built with the Silver Gang Stone. The living area here was forbidden for foreign martial artists. However, with just a casual glance, Luo Zheng knew that the Mountain Crushing Tribe's cultural inheritance was relatively weak. They probably didn't have any entertainment activities. It was no wonder that the Mountain Crushing Tribe's child would be easily attracted by foreign martial artists.
Walking along the residential area, a very tall building appeared at the end of the road.
After entering this building, Luo Zheng saw that there were many tombstones erected inside. They were also made with the Silver Gang Stone.
"This building is where the Mountain Crushing Tribe's tomb is located?" Seeing those tombstones, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
After walking past many silver tombstones, Luo Zheng saw several hundred golden tombstones in front of him. These tombstones were made with the same material as the golden square stone he was pushing. They were all made with the Golden Fork Strange Stone.
Thinking about the meaning that the little old man had expressed, these Golden Fork Strange Stone were all rare treasures. However, they were all used to make tombstones. Luo Zheng guessed that the people buried under these tombstones were the leaders of the Mountain Crushing Tribe.
There weren't many of them. There were only about two to three hundred golden tombstones.
After passing by the golden tombstones, Luo Zheng finally came to the end of the building. At the end of the building, there was a circular tent.
The tent's curtain was open. A pure white cloth was spread on the ground of the tent. On the cloth, there was an extremely tall but skinny old man sitting on it.
This old man was obviously also a member of the Mountain Crushing Tribe. However, he should be quite old. He seemed to be a person half covered in yellow soil.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement didn't seem to have the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. This old man could be considered a person who was about to die. However, he wasn't covered in filth. Although this person looked old, his wrinkled face still had a pair of eyes that were very spirited.
"Young man, please come in..."
After Luo Zheng came closer, the old man opened his mouth and called out to him. His voice was very hoarse.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he stepped into the tent.
The old man stretched out his bamboo-like slender arm. He pointed at the white cloth and asked Luo Zheng to sit down.
After Luo Zheng sat down, he sat cross-legged facing the old man.
After sitting down, the old man didn't say anything. Luo Zheng was a little suspicious. This person should be the prophet of the Mountain Crushing Tribe. Since he had something to tell him, why didn't he say anything?
Luo Zheng's composure wasn't bad. Since the old man didn't say anything, Luo Zheng just sat cross-legged. Then, his whole body began to relax.
After that punch, Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the control of power.
Especially the power that came from the world in his body.
Now, Luo Zheng could turn that enormous power into an irregular glove. Could he turn it into a sword in the future? Or even a thin awl?
Unfortunately, in front of the prophet, Luo Zheng couldn't test his conjecture. He could only suppress his eagerness to try.
After a while, the prophet said, "We are attached to this Forbidden Land of God Refinement. This Forbidden Land of God Refinement is attached to the God Domain. It can be said that we travel eight trillion miles in a day..."
"Huh?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback when he heard this.
The prophet of the Mountain Crushing Tribe slowly said, "The entire God Domain is in a state of falling at a high speed. It is falling towards the depths of the Primal Chaos. We are in it, but we can't feel this speed..."
Hearing the prophet's explanation, Luo Zheng was still a little confused.
He understood the meaning. No matter which universe they were in or which Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the world in the body of the Sages was revolving around the God Domain. The God Domain itself was also revolving at an extremely high speed.
However, they couldn't feel their own movements while they were inside it.
For example, when a star was revolving, the living beings in the star couldn't feel their own position constantly changing.
But what did the prophet mean by falling?
The prophet of the Mountain Crushing Tribe continued, "The Sages all say that the Primal Chaos is endless. No matter how one falls, it is impossible to fall to the bottom... But my Lord, as one of the three newly conferred Great Sages, knows that the Primal Chaos has a limit. The God Domain can't endlessly fall. When the God Domain touches that limit, the final result will be destruction. The Gods will also be annihilated."
Luo Zheng was stunned. Finally, he asked, "This... what does it have to do with me?"
The prophet of the Mountain Crushing Tribe smiled, "There aren't many people in the God Domain who agree with this view. My Lord is one of them. Therefore, he gave up on building a whole universe and turned his life's cultivation into a Forbidden Land of God Refinement."
At this point, Luo Zheng finally understood. The Lord mentioned by the prophet should be the Sage who built this Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
The energy source that Luo Zheng absorbed was the energy source of that "Lord"!
"Other than you, no one in the Mountain Crushing Tribe knows about this matter." The prophet said indifferently, "My Lord hopes to share his power with all living beings. He hopes that all living beings will produce heroes and miracles! Supporting the God Domain... "
"Why are you telling me this?" Luo Zheng blinked.

Chapter 1508
Luo Zheng was skeptical of the prophet's words.
To the current Luo Zheng, the Realm of the Gods was still a distant thought.
As for what the entire Realm of the Gods would face, it was probably even more distant to Luo Zheng.
Thus, regarding the prophet's information, Luo Zheng's heart did not waver at all. Even if the sky collapsed, the True Gods would hold it up. Above the True Gods were the Saints...
However, the prophet's last words still caused Luo Zheng's heart to skip a beat.
Did this fellow know how much energy source he had absorbed?
In the end, the energy source came from the Saints. For an ordinary martial artist to absorb tens of thousands of drops was already a considerable amount.
The energy source that any random martial artist could absorb this year was probably equivalent to the energy source that they could absorb in a year in the past...
As for Luo Zheng, he had absorbed even more energy source. He had absorbed a third of the lake's energy source.
If the prophet knew that he had absorbed so much energy, would he ask him to return it?
Although Luo Zheng was somewhat flustered, he still had a reason to be certain.
The energy source of such a large lake was placed there, and there was even an eight trigram ball that could reverse gravity and allow martial artists to leave. This should be the arrangement of the "Lord" that the prophet spoke of. Since the prophet had made such arrangements, it meant that the prophet did not care if someone entered to absorb the energy source.
The only problem was that Luo Zheng had absorbed too much energy.
If the energy source of this lake was the Saint's entire strength, then Luo Zheng taking a third of it was too much.
The prophet saw a trace of unease on Luo Zheng's face, so he said, "How much energy source you can take away is your own ability. My Lord will not mind."
Luo Zheng stared and asked, "You really won't mind?"
The prophet laughed, "My Lord divides the martial artists in the Forbidden Land of God into two types of people, whether they come from the Realm of the Gods or from the universe."
Luo Zheng asked, "Which two types?"
"Those with hope and those without hope," the prophet replied.
"..."
This classification was too general. Luo Zheng did not know how to respond. After thinking for a moment, he asked, "Which type do I belong to? Is there hope? "
The Prophet shook her head. "No."
"Then there is no hope," Luo Zheng said with a wry smile, although he didn't know what the so-called hope was.
Unexpectedly, the Prophet still shook his head, "You don't belong to either of these two categories. Ever since my Master set up the Six Great Trial Sacred Grounds, he arranged six Prophets within them. The six of us are here to help my Master filter out the foreign martial artists who enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement and distinguish between these two categories of martial artists. However … you belong to the third category."
"What's the third category?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A person who can turn hope into reality." The wrinkles on the Prophet's old face completely opened up, revealing a gratified smile. "Seven people have already been discovered from the Six Great Trial Holy Lands. These seven people can all reach the third type of standard. It's a pity that they have never appeared in my Mountain Crushing Clan. This day has finally come."
Luo Zheng finally understood the meaning of this restriction. The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was created by that Saint. That Saint had created many large and small cultivation places. He had created the Six Great Trial Holy Lands and even created different clans to guard these cultivation Holy Lands. Then, he created six transcendental Prophets to quietly observe all the foreign martial artists who entered these cultivation Holy Lands.
These Prophets were secretly evaluating each martial artist.
A martial artist who could obtain a Purple Trial Talisman in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was already considered an outstanding person. At the same time, they would also be able to display their strength and talent. Under such a selection, they would be able to obtain someone they were satisfied with!
No wonder …
Luo Zheng was also curious. This Mountain Crushing Clan didn't seem to have any need for the Trial Talismans, so why did they have to collect them?
After all, those things couldn't be eaten and could only be used as currency to exchange for resources with other clans. However, the Mountain Crushing Clan was completely self-sufficient and didn't need any resources at all.
This Trial Talisman was actually a proof of qualification. It was to prevent cats and dogs from squeezing into the Six Great Trial Holy Lands and causing a certain degree of difficulty in the selection process.
"You are the only person in my Mountain Crushing Clan who fits the third category, so I can give this to you." After the Prophet finished speaking, a Black Trial Talisman appeared in his hand. "I believe you know the value of this Trial Talisman." After speaking, the Prophet's face revealed a trace of pride.
This Prophet didn't know how Luo Zheng had entered the Mountain Crushing Clan.
According to a normal example, after a martial artist appeared in a place of birth, they would begin to complete all kinds of missions and fight for all kinds of Trial Talismans.
These Trial Talismans were divided into black, purple, red, green, and white.
However, in the eyes of all the foreign martial artists, a Purple Trial Talisman was a top grade Trial Talisman!
The Black Trial Talisman was practically a legend in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They had only heard of it a few times, but no one had ever seen it before!
Later on, everyone simply believed that there was no Black Trial Talisman in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Thus, the Purple Trial Talisman became the highest grade Trial Talisman.
However, they didn't know that the Black Trial Talisman actually existed. It was just that the number of people who had obtained it was too few.
Only the third category of martial artists that the Prophet spoke of had the qualifications to obtain the Black Trial Talisman.
Then before Luo Zheng, there were only seven martial artists who had obtained the Black Trial Talisman …
Luo Zheng had only entered the Body Refining Holy Lands because of Liusu. He didn't have a clear understanding of the Black Trial Talisman's classification at all.
The Prophet had stayed here for so many years, and he had also imagined the scene of him handing out the Black Trial Talisman countless times. He originally thought that Luo Zheng would be incomparably shocked and excited when he saw this Black Trial Talisman.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have any expression on his face. He just casually took the Black Trial Talisman.
"This is a Black Trial Talisman." The Prophet emphasized again. Although he didn't use any tone, he still wanted to remind Luo Zheng of the preciousness of this item.
"Is it better than the Purple Trial Talisman?" Luo Zheng asked. He had seen He Zuowei take out the Purple Trial Talisman and give it to the Mountain Collapsing Clan. In Liusu's eyes, this Purple Trial Talisman was ordinary and could be casually taken out. If this Black Trial Talisman was better than the Purple Trial Talisman, then it was a whole level higher.
"Of, of course …" The Mountain Collapsing Clan's Prophet didn't know what to say. Since Luo Zheng asked this question, it meant that he didn't understand the classification of the Black Trial Talisman. Then, just how had this boy obtained the Purple Trial Talisman and entered the Mountain Collapsing Clan?
But this boy would eventually understand the benefits of this thing! The Prophet bitterly thought to himself, trying to make up for the imbalance in his heart.
"As for what Thunder Toad and the others are pursuing, you can help them. That is also a type of experience. But, the life forms of the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement cannot escape. My master has not given us a path to surpass the Heavenly Dao." The Prophet bitterly smiled and shook his head.
The other Saints had set up the Heavenly Dao. In the end, they had only given a single wooden bridge that allowed the martial artists of the universe to cross and enter the Realm of the Gods.
But, the master of the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement had never constructed the Heavenly Dao. There were no Empyreans here, and the life forms here would never be able to leave …
What Thunder Toad and the others were pursuing, the other five Holy Lands were also pursuing. But, the Prophets of these six Holy Lands were well aware that what they were pursuing was nothing more than a dream!
From this point of view, the many races of the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement were inferior to even second-class life forms.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng could somewhat understand the mentality of Thunder Toad and the others.
In the struggle of martial arts, if one didn't have an opponent, then one would lose the meaning of 'struggle'. Then, one wouldn't be able to walk far on the martial dao.
No matter how strong Thunder Toad and the others were, they would only be able to occupy a small corner of the Realm of the Gods. They wouldn't be able to compete with the martial artists of the Realm of the Gods. They would lose the motivation to move forward!
Luo Zheng even speculated that the item that Thunder Toad had asked him to help them retrieve from the flames was a groundless existence. That item was just an impossible task set up by the Saints. It was a mysterious attraction to the races guarding the six Holy Lands, giving them a reason to strive. It was like a banana hanging in front of a donkey that could never be eaten.
Of course, this matter had nothing to do with Luo Zheng.
He had promised Thunder Toad. Naturally, he would help him retrieve the item from the flames.
Taking the black Trial Talisman, Luo Zheng left the Prophet's tent.
The test had already ended. Thunder Toad and Luo Zheng had decided on a date to depart. Thunder Toad didn't ask what the Prophet had said to Luo Zheng …
Even if he did ask, Luo Zheng wouldn't say. Moreover, the Prophet had warned him not to tell the Mountain Collapsing Clan about this matter, let alone Thunder Toad.
That night, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strange feeling coming from his inner world. When he looked inside, he was slightly startled.

Chapter 1509
Previously, Luo Zheng hadn't paid enough attention to the inner world.
According to cultivation, the flow of time in the inner world was different.
At the Divine Sea Realm, the time in the Divine Sea Realm was almost stagnant.
Therefore, the Divine Sea Realm couldn't nurture life because the nurturing process was very long, and time was the most important factor.
But at the Ultimate God Realm, the flow of time in the inner world would increase dramatically. True essence would turn into continents, and the lowest level of life forms would be born gradually …
The higher the cultivation, the faster the flow of time in the inner world!
Therefore, the inner world of a Realm Lord was much more prosperous than that of a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist.
But Luo Zheng didn't know that the speed of his inner world was even more ridiculous. Everything in it changed in an instant.
When Luo Zheng discovered that there was a problem with his inner world and tried to pry into it, he was shocked.
On the central continent of the Chaos Sea, a primitive civilization had begun to nurture, and a large-scale war had broken out!
Luo Zheng's consciousness had already entered the Inner World. With a flash of thought, his thoughts turned into a shape and became an "Inner Body Incarnation".
In this world, Luo Zheng was the absolute master, and also the supreme god!
Although this inner world was still in its initial stage, once Luo Zheng entered it, it was still very vast.
But with a thought, his Inner Incarnation flashed and stepped onto this continent.
This wasn't greater teleportation, and he didn't use the Laws of Space. He could appear anywhere he wanted!
"Charge …"
"Kill the dogs of the Teng Clan …"
"For the glory of the Mighty Clan!"
"…"
In his inner world, Luo Zheng was not only omnipotent, but also omniscient.
Luo Zheng was omniscient about everything in this world.
It turned out that after the races were born on this continent, the large and small tribes merged with each other and eventually formed two great tribes.
The eastern tribe was the Mighty Clan, and the western tribe was the Teng Clan.
At first, the two great tribes were equal in strength. Although there had always been friction between them, there had never been a large-scale war …
But not long ago, the Teng Clan suddenly made great progress. The warriors in their clan obtained a very powerful weapon, a long spear made from a dark green plant!
When this kind of spear was used, countless vines would extend from the body of the spear and pierce into the arms of the warriors. With the help of this kind of spear, the warriors of the Teng Clan were almost invincible.
After their strength improved greatly, the Teng Clan launched a war against the wealthy clans!
Now that the wealthy tribes had suffered great losses, they gathered the last 50,000 warriors and launched a final counterattack. They wanted to protect their own tribes.
"Those weapons are very strange …" Standing at the edge of the battlefield, Luo Zheng also noticed the long spears in the hands of the Teng Clan warriors.
With a single thought, Luo Zheng understood the origin of these weapons …
He turned his head, and his gaze passed through the endless distance and landed on the Tree of World.
The World Tree that Luo Zheng had once planted had grown into a giant tree that was tens of thousands of feet tall. A race had been born on this giant World Tree. This race looked similar to humans, but their skin and flesh were dark green.
The Teng Clan's weapons were given to them by these green-skinned people.
After understanding the source, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. Where there were people, there would be conflicts. He didn't expect that his own inner world would also be filled with conspiracies.
The ultimate goal of this race on the Tree of World was to kill all the living beings on this continent and then occupy this continent …
Luo Zheng wouldn't interfere with the operation of his inner world, but large-scale wars still had to be stopped. This would affect the expansion and development of his inner world.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slowly walked toward the battlefield …
On the battlefield, the warriors of the wealthy clans were riding huge war elephants and charging toward the Teng Clan.
Relying on the huge impact of the war elephants, the warriors of the wealthy clans were usually invincible.
However, after the Teng Clan was equipped with the green long spears, each of them became extremely strong. With a single spear, they could even pierce through a person and a war elephant!
To the Teng Clan, this was a massacre. To the wealthy clans, this was a resistance akin to moths flying into a flame. They had to use their lives to defend their tribe and honor!
"Pu!"
"Roar!"
A war elephant's chest was pierced. It let out a painful cry and its huge body fell to the side.
The one riding this war elephant was a woman.
The wealthy clans were matriarchal, and this woman was the queen of the wealthy clan.
All of her soldiers were slaughtered. In the last battle, she personally went into battle …
After the war elephant fell, the noble queen also fell heavily onto the ground. Her exposed skin was bruised and mixed with the mud, giving her an abnormally strong pain. This woman who had exceptional beauty and also stood at the pinnacle of power was now in an extremely sorry state.
Now, this woman was completely disheartened.
She couldn't resist the iron hooves of the Teng Clan. Her people would become the slaves of the Teng Clan, and her territory would be invaded by the Teng Clan …
"Whoosh!"
A green long spear was already pressed against the queen's neck.
The person holding the long spear was the Great General of the Teng Clan. This Great General let out a heroic laugh. "Surrender. The wealthy clan has already lost. As the queen of the wealthy clan, you can be the slave of the Teng Clan. Our king will spare your life and let you serve him!"
"In, in your dreams …"
The queen struggled to get up from the ground and pulled out a long sword hanging on her back.
Just as she held the sword in her hand, before she could swing it, the green long spear shook gently and knocked her sword away.
"Struggling is useless," the Great General said indifferently.
"My clansmen … are still struggling. As the king, how can I give up?"
The queen twisted her flexible waist and went around the long spear to pounce towards the Great General. However, the Great General twisted his hand and grabbed the queen's long black hair, lifting her up into the air.
"You only have this body and appearance left. Apart from that, you have nothing else. There's nothing you can give up except your life!" the Great General said coldly. However, at this moment, he suddenly saw someone.
It was a young man dressed in other clothes.
This young man walked in the center of the battlefield like this. He ignored the soldiers fighting around him and walked towards the Great General.
"Who are you?" the Great General asked coldly. The green long spear in his hand was already pointed at the young man.
The young man didn't answer. Instead, he continued walking towards the Great General.
"If you come any closer, you'll die!" the Great General said coldly.
The queen also realized that this person wasn't ordinary. However, she was held in the Great General's hand and couldn't struggle …
As Luo Zheng came closer and closer, the Great General finally lost his patience. He waved the long spear in his hand and stabbed towards Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he allowed the long spear to stab him!
"Hmph!"
The Great General sneered. This green long spear contained unimaginable power. This spear could completely pierce through the opponent's head!
However, the Great General's face quickly froze. He saw an inconceivable scene.
The moment the tip of the long spear stabbed into the opponent's face, it broke apart inch by inch and shattered …
That wasn't all. After the long spear broke apart, it floated in the air. Then, it continuously merged back together and returned to its original form. However, the long spear was already in the opponent's hand.
Luo Zheng played with the long spear. With a light shake, countless tiny vines grew from the body of the spear and stabbed towards his arm. However, these vines couldn't pierce Luo Zheng's skin.
"Interesting. That World Tree actually gave birth to such a wonderful weapon …"
Then, Luo Zheng flicked the long spear lightly. The long spear was directly annihilated in the air, turning into a brown gas that dissipated in the air. It completely disappeared, leaving no fragments or substance behind. Luo Zheng had directly turned the long spear back into chaotic gas.
"Who the hell are you?"
The Great General had never seen such a miraculous technique. His face revealed a panicked expression. He threw the queen aside and quickly retreated!
The queen fell to the ground. When she turned her head, she saw Luo Zheng standing there!
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over her. When he saw the queen's face clearly, he was slightly stunned …
No wonder he heard that some people would fall in love with the creatures in their inner world.
Everything in the inner world was in a random state. Under the background of countless creatures being born, it was only possible for such a beautiful woman to be born.
"You … Who are you?"
The queen asked the exact same question. After all, Luo Zheng's magical powers and actions were too different. It was completely beyond their imagination. That was an ability that only gods had.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1510
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I just want to put an end to this meaningless war."
Hearing this, the queen showed an astonished expression, "You can do that?"
Luo Zheng nodded and looked around. Many soldiers who were fighting fiercely in the surroundings also noticed Luo Zheng at this moment …
Luo Zheng raised his arm slightly. Everyone didn't understand his action.
At this moment, the great general behind Luo Zheng suddenly pulled out a dagger that he always carried with him and charged straight at Luo Zheng.
He was representing the king of the Teng Clan and was about to achieve the final victory. How could he let this strange guy in front of him stop him?
"Be careful!"
The queen reminded him.
However, Luo Zheng didn't move at all. He allowed the great general to twist his body and stab the dagger towards his heart.
In his own internal world, Luo Zheng was the absolute controller. Not only was he in the state of "omniscience", he was also in the state of "omnipotence". How could that dagger stab into Luo Zheng's heart?
The moment the tip of the dagger touched Luo Zheng, it also cracked inch by inch.
"Stupid," Luo Zheng spat out a few words indifferently.
With a slight shake of his body, the great general suddenly flew up. Under Luo Zheng's gaze, he kept rising higher and higher …
Ten zhang …
Three hundred zhang …
Three thousand zhang …
In this era, the Divine Reflection Realm hadn't been born yet. The strongest experts were only Xiantian lifeforms.
Flying was their legendary dream. However, this Great General had become the first person to do so.
Luo Zheng didn't kill him. He just threw him three thousand zhang into the air. As the creator of this world, Luo Zheng wouldn't casually kill the lifeforms he created because it was meaningless.
Then, Luo Zheng raised his arm again.
On the battlefield, the weapons in everyone's hands began to vibrate and flew out of their hands!
"Ding ding dang dang …"
Sabers, swords, spears, daggers, bows and arrows …
All kinds of weapons gathered above Luo Zheng's head, forming a round ball made of weapons.
Then Luo Zheng gently pointed.
Those weapons began to disintegrate at the same time, turning back into streaks of brown Chaos Qi that dissipated from this world!
The soil formed by the solidification of Chaos energy contained all sorts of iron ores, copper ores, and gold ores.
After these humans mastered metallurgy, they extracted the metals and forged them into various weapons. However, regardless of whether it was steel blades or iron swords, they were still made of Chaos Qi. Luo Zheng could turn them back into Chaos Qi at any time.
Even the green spears that came from the World Tree were still formed after the World Tree had absorbed Chaos Qi, so they were still Chaos Qi.
Both the warriors from the Teng Tribe and the Hao Tribe were stunned by the scene before them.
Everyone had stopped fighting, and they had also lost their weapons ….
"You … are a god!"
The queen was the first to react. She plopped down on her knees in front of Luo Zheng. Her exquisite body directly prostrated on the ground. Her expression was sincere, without any hesitation.
"It's God!"
"That is the God of Creation!"
"That's the legendary nine-star creator!"
"No, he is the one holding up our world. He is the World Bearing Venerable!"
Many people cried out in alarm while prostrating on the ground.
When Luo Zheng heard these words, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
He was indeed the God of Creation of this world, but what the hell were the nine-star creator and the World Bearing Venerable?
He got the answer as soon as this question arose. Luo Zheng was very used to this feeling of omniscience. After all, he was not only "omniscient" about the world within his body, but also about the millions of worlds in the universe.
During the evolution of these civilizations, many legends were born. These legends described the existence of "gods" in detail. For example, the nine-star creator was a god worshipped by the Teng Tribe, and the World Bearing Venerable was the legendary God of Creation of the Hao Tribe. They believed that there was a god below the world on his shoulders. This god held up the entire world, so he was called the World Bearing Venerable.
"You have too few people now. I … don't want you to kill each other," Luo Zheng said faintly as he looked down at the queen on the ground.
"Venerable! The Hao Tribe is waging war on us! "The queen said excitedly.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I know."
After saying that, he waved his hand …
All the scars on the queen's body disappeared, returning to her delicate skin.
The queen was slightly stunned, and her expression became even more excited. She prostrated on the ground again. "Thank you, World Bearing Venerable!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. With a light stroke of his hand, a piece of soil protruded from the ground. That piece of soil instantly turned into an exquisite scepter. This scepter was inserted in front of the queen. "I give you the ability to rule your people well …"
The queen stared at the exquisite scepter in a daze. Just as she was about to say something, Luo Zheng's figure quietly disappeared in front of her.
"This … this is the scepter given to me by the World Bearing Venerable." The queen trembled all over. After all, she was the queen of the Hao Tribe and understood the significance of this scepter.
Even if this scepter didn't have any ability, it represented God's favor and was also a symbol of status.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also didn't expect that the scepter he casually created would become the most precious treasure in the world in the future. It would become the scepter of God that symbolized supreme authority and would be pursued by countless ambitious people.
The war between the Teng Tribe and the Hao Tribe would also be called the War of the Gods by later generations …
It wasn't until a long time after Luo Zheng disappeared that the queen picked up the scepter on the ground and slowly got up. She still had a thoughtful expression on her face.
The moment Luo Zheng disappeared, he appeared in a tribe thousands of miles away.
This was the Teng Tribe's tribe. The whole tribe was singing and dancing. News from the frontlines said that the Teng Tribe had won a great victory. They would have countless slaves and endless wealth and land.
The Teng Tribe's king was in a very good mood. He believed that the general would bring that woman back. That was the most attractive woman in the world. During this period, he had been thinking about her day and night.
However, the Hao Tribe's queen wasn't brought back. The one who appeared in front of him was Luo Zheng.
"Who, who are you … Guards, there's an assassin!" The king shouted in horror. He didn't know how this ghost-like guy in front of him had entered his tent.
Luo Zheng waved his hand lightly. The general, who was still hanging in the air, appeared beside Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng threw the general to the ground.
"General … General …" The king was even more surprised. "Quick, kill this man for me!"
Unexpectedly, the general, who was brave and good at fighting, knelt down in front of Luo Zheng the moment he landed and prostrated himself on the ground.
"My God, please forgive the Teng Tribe. We shouldn't have started this war!" the general said respectfully.
The creatures of this era were still in a state of ignorance. No matter how brave the general was, he wouldn't go against Luo Zheng after confirming Luo Zheng's magical power!
"You, you are a God …" When the king heard the general's words, his fat face was full of sluggishness.
"Stop the war with the Hao Tribe." Luo Zheng didn't answer the king's words. After leaving behind this warning, his figure turned into a faint shadow and finally disappeared.
After mediating this war, Luo Zheng once again entered the World Tree.
Now, Luo Zheng's inner world was too small and not prosperous enough. He wouldn't allow the creatures on the World Tree to start a war between the human race and the human race.
On the World Tree, Luo Zheng also encountered some resistance. These green-skinned races were called the Heavenly Spirit Race.
They were very weak, but with the power of the World Tree, they had some magical powers that the human race couldn't match. Therefore, they had the urge to conquer the continent.
Luo Zheng directly appeared at the top of the World Tree. He found the king of the Heavenly Spirit Race and issued his warning.
He divided the World Tree and the continent into two worlds and two races. At least for tens of thousands of years, the two races were not allowed to fight each other!
When this inner world was truly prosperous, Luo Zheng wouldn't interfere too much even if there was a war. After all, the development of the world and the birth of civilization had its own rules. Too much interference might not be a good thing.
Luo Zheng's warning was very effective. Perhaps the Heavenly Spirit Race had different beliefs, but they also believed in the existence of gods. Luo Zheng's magical powers were exactly the same as the gods in the legends. They had no room for resistance.

Chapter 1511
After dealing with the internal world, Luo Zheng's internal incarnation dissipated with the wind.
Normally, martial artists wouldn't interfere too much with the internal world's development and let it evolve on its own.
However, the internal world's war this time involved the World Tree, and the World Tree was something Luo Zheng had implanted into it. It would inevitably have a bad influence. If Luo Zheng didn't interfere, the human race inside might not be able to escape the fate of total annihilation.
Lei Toad didn't ask what the Prophet and Luo Zheng talked about.
These Prophets were all extraordinary existences in the various Holy Lands. From another perspective, they were the guardians left behind by the Sage in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Their purpose of staying here was to help the Sage do things. Many times, they even had conflicts with their own race.
For example, the Mountain Crushing Race wanted to know the purpose of their existence and the purpose of the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They even wanted to be like the foreign martial artists and one day be able to escape from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement and enter the God Domain.
The Prophets were very clear that this was impossible, but they didn't tell the people under them. They even misled their own people many times.
After all, this was the world created by the Sage. Luo Zheng wouldn't casually say too much.
After this test, Lei Toad and the Mountain Crushing Race didn't go out to hunt for several days. Instead, they prepared in the race.
After about four days, the Mountain Crushing Race finally finished their preparations. All the adults were divided into several groups and prepared to set off.
The hunters of the Mountain Crushing Race were divided into four groups: Snake, Tiger, Dragon, and God.
The Snake Hunting Team was the weakest. The martial artist who had just obtained the title of "Extraordinary" joined the Snake Hunting Team. Relatively speaking, this team was the safest. It was a team where the seniors brought the newcomers to gain experience.
The Tiger Hunting Team and the Dragon Hunting Team were the backbone of the Mountain Crushing Race. The animals piled up like mountains on the daily square were all hunted by the Mountain Crushing Race.
As for the God Hunting Team, they rarely took action. There were only about ten of them in the entire Mountain Crushing Race. The three people who defeated the Non-Phase Sky Puppet that day belonged to the Mountain Crushing Race's God Hunting Team.
Luo Zheng obtained the title of Barbarian King and was directly recruited into the God Hunting Team …
After some foreign martial artists passed the test, some chose to leave the Mountain Crushing Race. The Mountain Crushing Race didn't ask them to stay. If they wanted to stay, they had to hunt outside with the Mountain Crushing Race.
After the preparations were complete, the team set off in a grandiose manner.
Han Liusu, He Zuowei, and the others did not enter this group. However, after the Mountain Shattering Clan set off, they also followed along.
After seeing Luo Zheng's great potential, He Zuowei was not as stubborn as before. He did not forcefully bring Han Liusu back, although he still had doubts in his heart.
No matter how powerful Luo Zheng was, the Soul Subduing Cliff was set up by a Saint. In theory, only a Saint could break it!
However, he also knew that if they could really enter Soul Subduing Cliff, it would be very beneficial for the eldest princess in the future. It would only take a bit of time, and there wasn't too much risk involved. He was willing to bring Han Liusu along.
They followed the Mountain Crumbling Race's territory all the way north. The Tiger Hunting Team and Dragon Hunting Team led the way at the front, while the Snake Hunting Team and God Hunting Team followed closely behind.
Not long after, the color of the ground changed. The Silver Cosmic Stones disappeared and were replaced by brown soil and dense forests.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped out of the Silver Cosmic Stone ground and stepped onto the ground, he suddenly felt his entire body relax!
From the moment they stepped into the Mountain Crumbling Race's territory, everyone was burdened with an extremely strong gravitational force.
Resisting this kind of gravitational force was not a small burden for anyone. Therefore, for the martial artists who had just entered, even climbing up was extremely difficult.
However, after getting used to this kind of gravitational force, leaving the Mountain Crumbling Race again, they would feel unprecedentedly relaxed!
It was as if the thousand mountains on their backs had suddenly disappeared!
"Ka ka ka pa pa pa …"
Under the pressure of the gravitational force, everyone's bones were compressed for a long time. Even their height was affected. The joints between their bones were too tight, and they were generally "pressed" by the gravitational force by four or five inches!
After taking two steps, they casually moved their muscles and bones. Under the stretch of their bones, everyone "grew" a few inches in a short period of time …
"Pi pi pa pa pa …"
Perhaps it was intentional, or perhaps it was unintentional, but some of the foreign martial artists deliberately exerted force, causing their bones to crackle.
It was as if someone in the entire team was holding a string of firecrackers, constantly exploding …
"Motherf * cker, it's so noisy. All of you better quiet down. Every year when we bring new people out, it's always like this!" A rough-looking member of the Mountain Crumbling Race cursed angrily.
The members of the Mountain Crumbling Race were used to this kind of feeling. Naturally, no one would be so bored as to deliberately stretch their bodies and cause such a commotion. Normally, only the foreign martial artists would be so bored.
After being yelled at by that member of the God Hunting Team, those sounds instantly became much softer. However, many of the foreign martial artists still revealed satisfied smiles on their faces …
They had been lying in the Mountain Crumbling Race for several years, refining their bodies and growing in the midst of sullenness and temptation. Only they themselves could experience the pain. However, this kind of pain was rewarded. After going in and coming out, their strength had increased by tens or even hundreds of times!
Luo Zheng had not stayed for long, less than a year. At this moment, his mood was naturally quite good. If not for the fact that he was traveling with the team and that he was in the highest position of the God Hunting Team, he would very much like to jump around crazily to see how much his strength had increased.
Just as this team approached the forest ahead, someone in the Tiger Hunting Team suddenly shouted, "There's a mutated beast ahead. It's a Golden Shield Ape!"
The members of the Mountain Crumbling Race were all natural hunters. They had hunted for their entire lives and were very sensitive to smells and traces.
As soon as the voice fell, not a single member of the Mountain Crumbling Race moved. However, the vast majority of the foreign martial artists all rushed out …
Under this rush, a huge explosive force exploded under their feet. In an instant, countless large pits appeared on the ground. Some martial artists were not prepared and fell into those large pits.
According to the rules of the Mountain Crumbling Race, the Tiger Hunting Team had to go through a thorough investigation before surrounding the prey. This way, they could capture the prey to the greatest extent.
However, these foreign martial artists could be said to have been bored to death. On the day of the test, each of them had only thrown out a single punch. Now that there was no gravity, they felt like they were flying freely in the sky. How could they still restrain themselves?
"Humph, this bunch of reckless fools. If they don't follow the rules after encountering a truly powerful mutated beast, then prepare to die!" Someone from the Mountain Crumbling Race sneered.
Under the explosive force of those foreign martial artists, the forest in front of them was instantly turned upside down.
After their strength increased explosively, a single punch could create a canyon. The huge force was unrestrained, and the trees in the forest instantly disappeared without a trace. What replaced it was a wide gully, as well as dirt and tree trunks that flew all over the sky. At the same time, there was also the sound of apes roaring.
Those Golden Gale Apes were at the edge of the Mountain Crumbling Race and were not considered very powerful mutated beasts. Facing this group of aggressive foreign martial artists, how could they have the slightest bit of resistance? Although they were very agile, they still could not escape the fate of being killed.
"Pfff, pfff, pfff, pfff …"
After each Golden Gale Ape was hit, they would immediately explode into a cloud of blood mist. They were not here to hunt, but to kill for the sake of killing.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng also frowned. If a person was suppressed for too long, it was indeed easy for them to lose themselves. At this moment, these martial artists were like wild beasts, only knowing how to vent their strength.
Very quickly, the Golden Gale Apes hiding in the forest were all killed.
Those martial artists also returned to their own teams, but their faces still had unsatisfied expressions.
The Thunder Toad did not stop their actions. As they advanced, the mutated beasts they encountered would become stronger and stronger. Sooner or later, they would be taught a lesson …
The Mountain Crumbling Race continued to lead the team forward.
As they traversed through this forest, the trees in front of them became taller and taller.
At the beginning, the trees in the forest were only twenty to thirty feet tall. Towards the end, those trees covered the sky and the sun, and it was almost impossible to see the sky.
Facing these huge trees that were hundreds of feet thick and hundreds of feet tall, those foreign martial artists could not help but feel their hands itching. When they passed by a tree, they would occasionally punch the tree trunk beside them. The huge tree cracked and the huge tree trunk collapsed, as if a mountain had collapsed …
"This is the Forest of Huge Trees. If we continue forward, we will reach the Crossing Disaster Forest. Don't blame me for not reminding you. If you alarm those huge mutated beasts, don't count on our Mountain Crumbling Race!" Every huge tree that fell would cause a huge tremor. As hunters, the Mountain Crumbling Race finally could not bear it anymore. The Thunder Toad said coldly.
Just as he finished speaking, he heard a rustling sound coming from the front. When all the Mountain Crumbling Race heard this sound, their faces instantly changed.

Chapter 1512
Along the way, whenever they met a few lone mutated beasts, those foreign martial artists would swarm them.
None of the mutated beasts that fell into their hands could remain intact. They were either torn into pieces or beaten into a bloody mist.
It was a pity that they didn't meet many mutated beasts along the way. Many of the foreign martial artists had a body full of strength but didn't have a place to vent it. They only hated that there weren't enough mutated beasts to go around …
Now that they heard the rustling sound, some of the smarter foreign martial artists, such as that little old man Yao An, instantly noticed the expressions of the Mountain Crumbling Mountain Tribe members. Especially those from the Divine Hunters, their expressions didn't look too good …
Not only did Yao An and the rest not rush forward, but they also quietly retreated.
Only a portion of the foreign martial artists heard the sound and naturally thought that there were mutated beasts ahead. Without any hesitation, they flew forward.
Actually, these foreign martial artists were usually very cautious. Those who were too reckless wouldn't be able to obtain the purple trial talisman and enter the Mountain Crumbling Mountain Tribe to cultivate!
Today, it was as though they had been injected with chicken blood. On one hand, it was because their strength had increased greatly. On the other hand, this huge tree forest was closely connected to the Crossing Calamity Forest. They could even smell the faint fragrance here, which strengthened their ferocious nature. To put it bluntly, they were dizzy!
"All of you retreat! That's the True Martial Sacred Beast! If you touch it, you will die! "
Although Lei Toad didn't care about the lives of these foreign martial artists, he wouldn't really send them to their deaths …
All the Mountain Crumbling Mountain Tribe members quickly gathered together. Hearing this, some of the faster foreign martial artists stopped in their tracks and began to retreat.
But Lei Toad's warning was ultimately one step too late. Furthermore, these martial artists had already rushed out a considerable distance!
"Swish swish swish …"
Suddenly, numerous gray tentacles appeared behind the giant trees!
Those tentacles had a metallic luster on them. Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the crowd and noticed these tentacles. His eyes flashed slightly, "This True Martial Sacred Beast is a puppet?"
These steel ropes were forged section by section. No matter how one looked at it, it looked like a puppet made of metal!
"Swish!"
These steel ropes left deep grooves in the ground as they lashed out. After the dozen or so foreign martial artists at the front were whipped, they were wrapped up by the steel ropes, and with miserable screams, they were dragged deep into the forest …
Among these foreign martial artists, there were two who had obtained the title of "Divine Strength". Their strength was not weak, but after struggling for a moment, they were also dragged away!
The remaining cultivators all paled. How could they dare to stay any longer? At this moment, he had to seize the opportunity to flee …
However, there were simply too many of these steel cables. As they continued to roll back, they actually managed to drag away another seven or eight foreign race cultivators!
"Dragon Hunters, open the Demon Sealing Array!"
At this moment, even the Thunder Toad was extremely serious.
The True Martial Sacred Beast was a powerful beast that resided in the Giant Tree Forest. To be precise, half of it was a living being, while the other half was a puppet.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, there were some things that were undefeatable. This True Martial Sacred Beast was one of them. Because it was a spirit pet that was raised by the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, it had devoured countless living beings in this place over the years!
The True Martial Sacred Beast had no natural enemies in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Until now, the Mountain Crushing Race had never seen the true face of this thing. Previously, the Mountain Crushing Race did not even dare to enter the Giant Tree Forest because they would definitely die if they encountered the True Martial Sacred Beast.
Perhaps because the Mountain Crushing Race had lost too many people in the Giant Tree Forest, the prophet in the race had taught them the Demon Sealing Array. If they encountered the True Martial Sacred Beast, they only needed to activate this Demon Sealing Array, and they would not be attacked by it.
What the Thunder Toad did not know was that the Demon Sealing Array itself was not powerful. It only contained information that the True Martial Sacred Beast was wary of.
After the prophet communicated with the master, the "master" then bestowed this Demon Sealing Array.
That True Martial Sacred Beast was the "master"'s spirit pet, and the "master" naturally did not wish for the Mountain Crushing Race to be eaten by the spirit pet …
In short, as long as the Demon Sealing Array was activated, the True Martial Sacred Beast would treat this group of people as its own and stop attacking!
For so many years, their Mountain Crushing Race had relied on this Demon Sealing Array to pass through the Giant Tree Forest.
It was also because of the existence of the Demon Sealing Array that passing through the Giant Tree Forest became relatively simple. With such a ferocious beast here, there were no beasts that were too powerful to survive in this forest!
As time passed, the Mountain Crushing Race had almost neglected this "True Martial Sacred Beast". They did not expect that the True Martial Sacred Beast would appear today.
The Thunder Toad was also very confused. It was still daytime, so why would the True Martial Sacred Beast attack them!
Fortunately, the dozens of clansmen in the Dragon Hunting Team instantly activated the divine inscriptions in their hands. After those divine inscriptions were activated, they connected with each other, forming an azure net that completely enveloped the Mountain Shattering Clan and the foreign martial artists within!
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Countless steel ropes crawled over from all directions, like little snakes made of metal, extending and crawling on the ground.
The moment these steel ropes touched the net formed by the divine patterns, it was as if they were electrocuted and instantly retracted.
"Thunder Toad, what is going on?" A member of the Mountain Crushing Race standing in the middle of the Divine Hunting Team asked.
The Thunder Toad looked at the steel ropes that came from all directions. He also could not understand why the True Martial Sacred Beast would choose to attack the Mountain Crushing Race today.
Those steel ropes continued to climb and finally touched the Demon Sealing Array of the Mountain Crushing Race. The moment they touched it, those steel ropes seemed to have been electrocuted and retracted backwards …
Right now, all the other martial artists were holed up in the team and did not even dare to breathe loudly.
They only just remembered that this was the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. This was not a big world and it was crowded with all kinds of powerful beasts. With their strength, it was not enough for them to run rampant here!
"The situation is not right." A member of the Divine Hunting Team frowned and said.
"What is not right?" Luo Zheng asked.
That person was very patient with Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng had the title of Barbarian King and had entered the Divine Hunting Team as an exception. He was on the same level as them and could even surpass them. Plus, they still needed Luo Zheng's help.
"In the past, after the Demon Sealing Array was used, the True Martial Sacred Beast would stop attacking and leave on its own. But today …" That person pointed around.
Steel ropes continued to extend out from those thick trees. When they touched the Demon Sealing Array, they began to retreat. But not long after they retreated, those steel ropes came back again, as if they did not give up.
The Thunder Toad saw this scene and was abnormally ugly. "There should be something that the True Martial Sacred Beast wants beside us!"
Something that the True Martial Sacred Beast wants?
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and landed on Han Liusu who was not far away.
Han Liusu's face was also very flustered. When she met Luo Zheng's gaze, she immediately pursed her lips.
"Is it her?"
Luo Zheng guessed inwardly. He noticed that the steel ropes were densest in the direction of the tassels. However, the steel ropes seemed to be very afraid of the Demonic Sealing Array. They were unwilling to forcefully break the Demonic Sealing Array and only kept spinning outside.
When they first entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede also chased after this woman.
This Han Liusu was indeed an extremely beautiful woman, but these strange beasts would not lust after her beauty, right? But why did all the strange beasts want to find trouble with her?
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, those thin steel ropes finally could not hold back and whipped towards the Demon Sealing Array!
"Shua shua …"
These Demon Sealing Arrays could not truly defend against the True Martial Sacred Beast's attacks. It was just that this Demon Sealing Array contained some kind of information that made the True Martial Sacred Beast extremely afraid.
But this time, the Demon Sealing Array was ineffective. The True Martial Sacred Beast seemed to have made a great decision and began to whip crazily!
When the Mountain Shattering Tribe members with the divine runes saw that the situation was not right, they turned around and ran. The originally circular Demon Sealing Array suddenly had a gap!
"Whoosh!"
One of the steel ropes took advantage of the gap!
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, this True Martial Sacred Beast's goal was Han Liusu!
"Grand Princess, let's go!"
The faces of He Zuowei and the others also became extremely ugly.
They originally thought that following the Mountain Shattering Tribe would not be too dangerous, but they had forgotten about Han Liusu's physique. Her physique had a fatal attraction to any strange beast …
Han Liusu did not leave. At this moment, she did a very correct thing. She jumped up and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
She knew that He Zuowei's great wish had already been used on the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede. Before the wish was fulfilled, he could not use it a second time. It was impossible to fight against this "True Martial Sacred Beast".
Therefore, at this moment, she could only place her hopes on Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1513
Following the wave of the Demon Sealing Formation, everyone starts to panic.
Especially the Mountain Crumbling Tribe.
The Giant Tree Forest is not far from the Mountain Crumbling Tribe. Every Mountain Crumbling Tribe member knows from a young age that there is a huge monster in this forest that they cannot afford to offend. When some Mountain Crumbling Tribe children make mistakes, the adults in the tribe will use this monster to scare them.
Therefore, the Mountain Crumbling Tribe members are very clear about the strength of the True Martial Sacred Beast.
In a panic, Lei Toad immediately roars, "Everyone calm down! Dragon Hunters, maintain the formation! "
The Dragon Hunters' strength is second only to the God Hunters. They are the backbone of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe. Under Lei Toad's orders, most people still maintain the Demon Sealing Formation. However, the hole on the left side is still there.
Someone from the God Hunters wants to make a move but is stopped by Lei Toad.
When that steel cable entered the Demon Sealing Formation and started chasing after Han Liusu, Lei Toad already knows that this girl is what the True Martial Sacred Beast is looking for.
The True Martial Sacred Beast is not a powerful existence that the Mountain Crumbling Tribe can fight against. Moreover, only that steel cable entered the Demon Sealing Formation. If the God Hunters make a move, they will probably anger the True Martial Sacred Beast. At that time, the Mountain Crumbling Tribe will face the danger of being exterminated. It is best not to act rashly at this moment.
The Mountain Crumbling Tribe does not have the obligation to protect foreign martial artists. Moreover, this Han Liusu is not qualified to join the God Hunters!
Han Liusu's movement technique is also very ingenious. That graceful body keeps twisting like a spinning flower, dazzling people. In a flash, she arrives in front of Luo Zheng.
"Save me," Han Liusu says as she blinks her eyes.
As soon as she finished speaking, she very naturally hid behind Luo Zheng's back …
She dodges all the way here with a very calm expression. However, hiding behind Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng feels that Han Liusu is trembling. Previously, she could suppress her fear. However, after finding a safe haven, that fear is completely released.
This scene makes Luo Zheng reveal a bitter smile. This Han Liusu is very sure that I will save her?
"You, hide further away!" Lei Toad roars coldly.
Luo Zheng is the key to their trip. Even if Han Liusu wants to die, she cannot drag Luo Zheng down with her. He also knows that Luo Zheng and Han Liusu knew each other when they entered the Mountain Crumbling Tribe. but he will definitely not allow this to happen.
At this moment, Lei Toad wants to throw Han Liusu out of the Demon Sealing Formation!
However, He Zuowei and the others would not allow such a thing to happen. They took a step forward and stood in front of the Thunder Toad. "The Eldest Princess is the Sacred Emperor's daughter. If she dies and angers the Sacred Emperor, even the Forbidden Land of God Refinement will have to pay the price!"
......
...............................
.....................................................................
. "Luo Zheng, don't mess around!" Lei Toad roars.
Luo Zheng faintly smiles. Facing the thick steel rope, his hands suddenly reach out. They clamp into the gaps of the steel rope and wrap around it!
The moment he touched the steel rope, Luo Zheng finally understood why the foreign martial artists were unable to resist this steel rope.
The power contained in this steel rope is enormous. It is beyond imagination!
"Power!"
Luo Zheng's power erupted. The eight-layered Dao Platform began to shine. The power of the Nine Stars began to crazily draw out …
Luo Zheng's speed of drawing out power could not keep up. The steel rope constantly twisted. Suddenly, it was thrown upwards! Luo Zheng immediately left his hands and shot upwards. In an instant, he passed through countless branches and was thrown several thousand feet away!
Han Liusu, who was hiding behind Luo Zheng, was stunned. She stared at the steel rope in front of her. The fear on her face grew. She never thought that she would die here!
"Whoosh!"
The steel rope coiled and wrapped around Han Liusu's waist!
Seeing that Han Liusu was about to be pulled out of the crowd, the members of the Mountain Shattering Team heaved a sigh of relief. Since it was this woman who had caused trouble, the True Martial Sacred Beast had swept her away. This trouble was probably over.
As for He Zuowei and the others, they were furious.
"With my life of reincarnation, I will make a great wish …"
It had to be said that He Zuowei and the others were indeed loyal. They were able to protect the Eldest Princess into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They were completely loyal to Han Jia!
This Great Wish Art only allowed for one wish. After making a wish, one had to fulfill it! He Zuowei had not fulfilled his previous wish. At this moment, he could not use the Great Wish Art again. However, there was a way to escape this restriction. That was to use his life, or even his life of reincarnation to fulfill his wish!
To He Zuowei, this was suicide!
However, before He Zuowei's great wish could be expressed, a human figure suddenly descended from the trees above!
It was just a figure descending, but everyone could feel a powerful aura coming from this person. It was as if countless mountains were stacked together and stomped down!
This person was Luo Zheng!
When he was thrown up by the steel rope, Luo Zheng had already summoned the power of the nine stars. He condensed this power under his feet, forming an extremely sharp energy blade!
Luo Zheng had learned this move from Ji Luoxue's Crescent Moon Edge.
However, what replaced the Crescent Moon Edge was an extremely condensed power!
"Pa!"
The moment his foot landed on the steel cable, the steel cable was directly trampled into two pieces!
Actually, before Luo Zheng stepped on the steel rope, the power had already torn it apart.
The steel rope that was wrapped around Han Liusu instantly lost its power and slid down from Han Liusu's body. As for the other steel rope, it constantly twisted and quickly withdrew from the Demon Sealing Array.
The Mountain Crumbling Clan and the foreign martial artists had already dodged, leaving an empty space in the middle. Everyone looked at Luo Zheng and Han Liusu behind him …
"This time … I'm afraid it's bad," said a Mountain Crumbling Clan member of the Divine Hunters.
As soon as he said this, the steel rope no longer had any misgivings. It was like countless tentacles of an octopus swarming over. When it touched the Demon Sealing Array, it directly shattered and rushed towards Luo Zheng and Han Liusu.
Luo Zheng's actions had completely enraged the True Martial Sacred Beast!
"Hualala …" The steel rope wriggled, creating a huge commotion.
Everyone, including the Divine Hunters' Thunder Toad, stood in place, not daring to move.
No one could resist the True Martial Sacred Beast. Fortunately, the True Martial Sacred Beast had poured all its anger onto Luo Zheng. It flew over everyone's heads and swept towards Luo Zheng.
The True Martial Sacred Beast hadn't been injured in countless years, but Luo Zheng had actually cut off one of its limbs!
Facing the steel rope that swept towards him from all directions, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. He turned his hand and pulled Han Liusu behind him, "Come closer to me!"
Han Liusu nodded and pressed herself against Luo Zheng's back!
At this moment, the nine stars within Luo Zheng's inner world began to shine with an unprecedented light. As the people of the continent saw this, they all prostrated themselves on the ground, constantly prostrating themselves in worship. To the people of his inner world, this was the divine decree of the World Entrusting Sage. On this day, every baby born would receive the protection of the gods!
A third of his strength …
Using such a terrifying amount of strength at once, Luo Zheng didn't know what would happen.
When his strength reached a certain level, Luo Zheng found it hard to estimate how much strength he should use. To play it safe, he could only use as much as he could!
Extracting a third of the nine stars' strength in such a short amount of time was already Luo Zheng's limit!
The invisible strength spread out, forming a small sphere about one zhang in diameter. Except for the Han Liusu on Luo Zheng's back, everything within the sphere was annihilated by this force. The dead leaves on the ground, the branches, the soil, the scavengers in the soil, they didn't turn into powder but directly disappeared!
"Weng ~"
When this terrifying power was unleashed, it formed an extremely high-frequency roar. The sharp sound caused everyone to temporarily lose their hearing. No one could hear anything. They only felt that the entire world had fallen into silence!
They looked at Luo Zheng in panic. They looked at the Han Liusu on Luo Zheng's back and the invisible force squeezing the surrounding space, forming a sphere!

Chapter 1514
No matter how those steel ropes whipped, as long as they touched the sphere, they would be annihilated and disappear …
Luo Zheng, who was in the center of the sphere, also relaxed slightly.
Currently, he was unable to directly control this kind of power. If this violent power was injected into his body, his body would most likely be annihilated and disappear in the blink of an eye. Therefore, he could only project it over in the form of a "transcendent divine ability".
Using this kind of power might be inefficient and even wasteful, but the actual power was not to be underestimated!
Han Liusu's entire body was already clinging onto Luo Zheng's body, her pair of beautiful eyes filled with surprise.
She was very lucky that her premonition was correct, but she did not expect it to be correct to such an extent … Previously, Han Liusu thought that Luo Zheng could catch up to her brother, but now it seemed that Luo Zheng had already surpassed Han Cangyan in terms of strength by too much.
This person was destined to bring her to the Subduing Soul Cliff!
The corners of her mouth curled up slightly, but she closed her eyes and rested her head on Luo Zheng's shoulder. If he could not bring her to the Subduing Soul Cliff, then there should be no one else in this world who could.
No matter how those steel ropes whipped the sphere, it was all in vain. The steel ropes were constantly annihilated and disappeared. To the True Martial Sacred Beast, it was also a loss. After all, every steel rope was one of its arms.
Not long after, all the steel ropes retreated at the same time.
After those steel ropes retreated, everyone wiped their sweat at this moment. When they looked at Luo Zheng again, their eyes were filled with a trace of horror.
When Luo Zheng was in the Mountain Collapsing Clan, the moment he displayed his strength, he concentrated the power of the nine stars three inches in front of his fist. At that time, everyone thought that it was Luo Zheng's own strength. Apart from Luo Zheng himself, no one could notice this detail.
But this time, Luo Zheng directly spread his strength out of his body. Naturally, everyone felt different.
They did not think that it was pure strength!
After all, when ordinary martial artists used their strength, they had to drive it through their body. It was impossible to simply "force" the strength out of the body and exist independently.
Like Luo Zheng, who turned his strength into a round egg and completely wrapped himself, it looked more like some kind of divine ability.
But what kind of divine ability could have such strength? Luo Zheng was only at the Extreme Divine Realm. How could he block the attack of the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts?
Among the external human warriors, the strongest were He Zuowei and the other Sector Lords. But even if He Zuowei used Great Ambition, it was impossible for him to block so many steel cables. Moreover, Luo Zheng had destroyed all the steel cables!
It was impossible for them to know that Luo Zheng was using the World Praising Technique to project his power from his inner world to his body.
A long time after Luo Zheng removed the sphere of power, everyone felt a sharp pain in their ears.
Under the high frequency vibration caused by the huge power, everyone's ears were completely numb, and they couldn't hear anything at all.
After the power disappeared and their ears gradually recovered, there was an unbearable pain. Many warriors covered their ears at this moment. Some weaker warriors even had blood flowing out of their ears.
However, just as everyone regained their hearing, the ground began to shake again!
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Thunderous footsteps came from far away. The sound was very dense. It was obvious that a huge monster was approaching at high speed.
Hualala …
The trees in the distance fell down one by one.
Every tremor seemed to be trampling on everyone's hearts!
As the vibration got closer, the ground shook more and more violently. With every footstep, everyone would instantly jump two or three inches into the air. Some warriors even purposely kept their feet on the ground.
Rumble, rumble …
As the huge trees in front of them fell to the sides, the huge monster finally appeared in everyone's line of sight.
Everyone looked up at the huge monster.
"This is the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
The Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts looked like a huge snake, but it had four legs and a huge crown on its head. Countless tiny steel cables extended from the crown, and these steel cables were constantly wriggling. It turned out that the steel cables were its whiskers.
The strange thing was that half of the body of the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts was made of the greenish-gray metal. The other half of its body was light green, and the surface of its skin was grid-like, with diamond-shaped scales embedded in it.
In terms of size, the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts was not particularly huge. It was only slightly taller than the surrounding huge trees, about sixty to seventy feet tall. This size was much smaller than the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede that Luo Zheng had seen before.
However, when this Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts appeared in front of everyone, everyone, including Luo Zheng, felt an intense pressure!
It was as if such a powerful existence should not appear in this world!
Although the Mountain Collapsing Clan was known for their bravery, at this moment, they did not even dare to breathe loudly. They knew that there was a Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts here, but for countless years, the true appearance of this Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts had always been a legend. No one had seen its true appearance. At most, they had only seen the tentacles of the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts, which were the steel cables.
Luo Zheng's strength might have reached a terrifying level, but he still did not have the strength to fight against the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts. Strength was very important to a warrior, but in many cases, it was not a decisive existence.
In front of such a powerful existence, Luo Zheng once again felt insignificant …
"Boom!"
The Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts took another step forward. Its pair of blood-red eyes stared at Luo Zheng, as well as the Han Liusu behind Luo Zheng.
This gaze was like a solid substance, giving Luo Zheng a huge sense of pressure.
Even if Luo Zheng's strength had increased countless times, it did not give him any sense of security!
The best choice he could make now was to hand over Han Liusu. However, Luo Zheng had received this woman's help. In exchange, he had also agreed to bring her to the Soul Suppressing Cliff. Naturally, he did not have any thoughts of compromising!
Thus, this exchange of gazes continued.
Not far away, the Thunder Toad gritted his teeth. He also wanted to persuade Luo Zheng, but in the end, he did not say anything.
"Huala …"
A steel rope beard extended from the crown of the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts, slowly curling towards Luo Zheng.
The steel rope beard's target was still Han Liusu!
However, the moment it extended in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly waved his hand. Under the burst of energy, it formed a sharp arc.
"Whoosh!"
In an instant, the steel rope was cut off.
Hearing the sound of the steel rope beard breaking, everyone's heart trembled!
If this Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts was enraged, how could they survive?
The most depressed ones were the foreign warriors from the God Realm. Previously, when they heard the Mountain Collapsing Clan mention the Sacred Beast of True Martial Arts, they were still wondering what it was.
Now that they saw the true face of this thing, many warriors recognized it. They cursed in their hearts. This was a motherf * cking Black Shepherd Weasel!
A True Spirit hatched from Ruo Mu!
In the God Realm, there were only seven or eight of them. One of them was heavily injured and was subdued by the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. This Black Shepherd Weasel had never shown itself. No one expected it to obtain half a puppet body and become like this …
The most frightening thing was that this Luo Zheng was planning to compete with this Black Shepherd Weasel?
An extreme God Realm brat competing with a True Spirit?
Was he crazy?
Many of the foreign warriors were thinking this, including the little old man, Yao An. He was also secretly regretting. He originally planned to leave the Mountain Collapsing Clan. This time, he followed the team to secretly observe Luo Zheng. He didn't expect to encounter such a situation. He was extremely unlucky.
"Luo, Luo Zheng … Hand over the woman behind you," one of the warriors advised.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear. His black eyes were filled with determination as he continued to stare at the Black Shepherd Weasel.
After cutting off a strand of the Black Shepherd Weasel's beard, the other party still didn't choose to attack. Luo Zheng's determination wasn't reckless. This thing seemed to be afraid of something. Or perhaps it wasn't willing to fight with him?
After a while, the Black Shepherd Weasel once again extended its steel-like beard, curling towards the Han Liusu behind Luo Zheng.
Seeing the steel-like beard curl towards him, Luo Zheng felt his back tighten. The warm and fragrant jade behind him was tightly strangling his throat. He could feel Han Liusu's nervousness and fear.
The hearts of He Zuowei and the others were also in their throats. As the Saint Emperor's men, their knowledge was much greater than ordinary God Realm warriors. They were even more clear on the origin of this Black Shepherd Weasel. If the Eldest Princess was really swallowed by this Black Shepherd Weasel, the Saint Emperor wouldn't be able to do anything.
However, Luo Zheng still punched out. An invisible crescent moon suddenly condensed and cut off the steel-like beard. Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest intention of retreating.
After being blocked twice by Luo Zheng, the Black Shepherd Weasel suddenly raised its head.
"Aooo!"
A sharp roar burst out, and all the trees in the Giant Tree Forest began to sway. Even the martial artists present were unable to stand firm. A large number of the martial artists from the Snake Hunting Team and the Tiger Hunting Team suddenly fell to the ground, and some even fainted!
Luo Zheng also felt a throbbing pain in his head. But, he still stood in place, motionless.
As the Black Shepherd Weasel roared, it stretched its long head forward. Only when it was right in front of Luo Zheng did it stop …
Luo Zheng tightly clenched his fists. He stared at the Black Shepherd Weasel that was close by. He could smell the fishy smell coming from its nose, and his heart began to crazily beat.

Chapter 1515
Under such gazes, Luo Zheng felt a great amount of pressure.
However, facing the scarlet eyes of the Black Shepherd Weasel, Luo Zheng didn't feel any strong killing intent other than the pressure.
If this Black Shepherd Weasel was really a spirit pet raised by a Saint, it would have many ways to kill him. It wouldn't be so troublesome. Perhaps with one move, it would be able to kill everyone present.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know what the Black Shepherd Weasel was planning. It would be a lie if he said he wasn't nervous.
At this moment, Lei Toad had already decided to give up on Luo Zheng. This young man was too impulsive. However, if this person died in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the power source that he obtained would still be returned to this world.
After staring at each other for a while, the Black Shepherd Weasel suddenly raised its head and roared towards the sky. Its scarlet eyes glared at Luo Zheng before it disappeared into the forest.
Even though the figure of the Black Shepherd Weasel had completely disappeared before everyone's eyes, no one dared to move. They could only hear the heavy footsteps gradually moving further and further away. After it had completely disappeared, everyone's heart that was in the air finally calmed down.
"Hu …" Lei Toad exhaled. However, his expression didn't look good. However, as the leader, it wasn't good for him to say anything.
However, a member of the Mountain Shattering Tribe suddenly jumped up. His hands crossed like an agile monkey as he extended his hand towards Han Liusu's head.
This member of the Mountain Shattering Tribe actually wanted to kill Han Liusu directly!
The Mountain Shattering Tribe believed that Han Liusu was Han Cangyan's sister. At the same time, they also knew the status of the Han Family in the Divine Realm. This colossus was on the same level as the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. However, so what?
If they couldn't leave the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, everything would be in vain.
Luo Zheng was the hope of the Mountain Shattering Tribe. With this troublesome person by their side, it would be a hidden danger.
"Chi! Don't be impulsive! "Lei Toad's expression changed.
This member of the Mountain Shattering Tribe called "Chi" clearly didn't have a good temper like Lei Toad. They had almost been killed by this woman. At this moment, they only wanted to kill Han Liusu.
However, he didn't consider Luo Zheng's thoughts.
Fortunately, before he could get close to Han Liusu, He Zuowei and the others had already blocked his path.
"Get lost!" Yu said coldly.
"You're courting death!" He Zuowei didn't think that the Mountain Shattering Tribesmen would suddenly make a move.
The strength of this "Hui" in the Mountain Crumbling Race was comparable to the Thunder Toad. Perhaps it was unable to bear the Mandate of Heaven in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but in terms of pure strength, this "Hui" was already comparable to a Heavenly Venerable who specialized in body refinement!
Under the impact of his body, how could the few sector lords block him?
Two of the sector lords were lightly touched by the "Hui" and groaned, their internal organs were instantly shifted and they were thrown to the side!
However, He Zuowei and the other Sector Lords were ultimately from the Divine Realm!
In the eyes of the martial artists of the Realm of the Gods, strength was only a standard to measure a martial artist. But in a battle between martial artists, what mattered most was their comprehensive strength. Even if one's pure strength was too great, it didn't mean they were invincible. They had many methods to resolve or even weaken their opponent's strength!
He Zuowei flicked his finger and an emerald green scepter appeared in his left hand. He pressed his finger on the scepter and drew in the air. Soon, a fishing net appeared in front of him. This fishing net was light as if it was weightless and drifted in the air like flying cotton. Very quickly, it enveloped the "Hui".
The moment the "Hui" was enveloped, all the strength in his body was exhausted. The momentum of his charge came to a halt and his entire body went limp. It seemed that even standing up was extremely difficult!
"This fishing net …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
If Luo Zheng didn't use the power of nine stars, his strength would be far inferior to this Divine Hunter. However, this fishing net was extremely mysterious. It was actually able to drain the strength of the Mountain Shattering Tribesmen?
"That's the Force Wheel Rope Net." After noticing Luo Zheng's expression, Han Liusu didn't miss the opportunity to explain. "This is a grandmist treasure. It can completely absorb strength and reincarnate it into every thread."
In other words, after the Force Wheel Rope Net absorbed the strength of the "Hui" and then applied it to the "Hui", under this reaction, the greater the strength of the Hui, the greater the strength of the net would be applied to him. Naturally, he wouldn't be able to break free from this fishing net.
Seeing this scene, Lei Toad also let out a sigh of relief. This "Hui"'s temper was too fiery. It had almost ruined their plan.
Just now, Luo Zheng was willing to risk his life to protect Han Liusu. How could Luo Zheng back down in front of the Hui?
Afterwards, under Lei Toad's intervention, He Zuowei and the others removed the Force Wheel Rope Net. At the same time, they also persuaded the Hui to return …
"Alright, we can continue." Han Liusu smiled faintly. On Luo Zheng's back, she didn't feel nervous at all. On the contrary, she felt a strong sense of security.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Then when do you plan to come down …"
Hearing this, Han Liusu stuck out her tongue and slid down from Luo Zheng's back.
After experiencing this True Martial Sacred Beast, the foreign martial artists instantly became much more obedient. It wasn't easy for them to cultivate in the Mountain Collapsing Clan. Who would be willing to lose their lives? This Forbidden Land of God Refinement was originally a rather ridiculous place. If they accidentally died, they could only blame themselves for being unlucky.
This team began to stabilize. In addition, the Mountain Collapsing Clan was very experienced. The rest of the journey was much more stable.
When they encountered a few strange beasts, the Tiger Hunting Team and Dragon Hunting Team would personally go and kill them …
After passing through the Giant Tree Forest, they entered the Crossing Disaster Forest. The number of strange beasts inside had increased by several times. However, as long as they didn't encounter a powerful existence like the Heavenly Witch Sacred Beast, the Tiger Hunting Team wouldn't be afraid of it. Even if it was a strange beast like the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede, the Tiger Hunting Team wouldn't be afraid of it.
After fourteen to fourteen hours, the group passed through the Crossing Disaster Forest again. What appeared in front of them was a strange sight. It was a heavenly river that stretched across the sky.
This river was completely suspended in mid-air. It curved left and right like a snake without a head or tail.
"It's getting dark. Everyone, hurry up. After passing through this Heavenly River, we'll reach the Sky Vault Clan's territory," someone from the Mountain Collapsing Clan commanded.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, day and night were two completely different worlds. Powerful existences like the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede would normally only come out at night. However, the True Martial Sacred Beast was an exception.
"Sky Vault Clan? Why are we going to the Sky Vault Clan? "someone asked.
"This operation is a joint operation of three Cultivation Holy Lands. Why are you asking so much?" Seeing that the person who asked was only a foreign martial artist from the Snake Hunting Team, the Mountain Collapsing Clan member coldly replied.
If it was in the past, the Mountain Collapsing Clan would have returned to the Mountain Collapsing Clan by now. However, it was different this time. They directly passed through the Crossing Disaster Forest and met up with the Sky Vault Clan.
Other than the Sky Vault Clan, the Myriad Elephant Clan would also participate in this operation.
Many years ago, the natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement had already planned several operations. However, this time, the three clans would join forces at the same time.
Regarding Luo Zheng, the Mountain Collapsing Clan had already passed the information to the Myriad Elephant Clan and the Sky Vault Clan. They called Luo Zheng the "Fire Repellent", which meant that he was a person who was not afraid of fire. Only Luo Zheng was the key to achieving their goal.
As for where they were going and what Luo Zheng was going to take away, the Mountain Collapsing Clan had always been unwilling to reveal. However, the Thunder Toad had promised many times that the three major clans would do their best to protect Luo Zheng.
After passing through the Heavenly River, everyone instantly felt a strong wave of True Origin. They had arrived at the Sky Vault Clan's territory.
The Sky Vault Clan could cultivate the Beginning and End True Origin. It was a Cultivation Holy Land for martial artists!
However, the foreign martial artists of the Mountain Collapsing Clan mainly cultivated their bodies. A small number of them also cultivated both energy and body. However, they were not very interested in the Sky Vault Clan.
Luo Zheng's situation was rather special. Although he had also constructed an Inner World, the True Origin in his body had been replaced by the Chaotic Qi. The True Origin here was even more useless to him.
However, the Chaotic Qi and True Origin had similar attributes. If the Sky Vault Clan had some special techniques to use True Origin, Luo Zheng would also choose to absorb some of them.
Not long after entering the Sky Vault Clan's territory, several teams came to welcome them.
The Sky Vault Clan's size was not much different from humans. However, their eye sockets were deep, their hair was golden, and everyone had a pair of pure white wings. Looking at their dressing, they were very simple and crude like the Mountain Collapsing Clan. They only used a few pieces of cloth to cover their private parts, revealing their strong muscles.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1516
Compared to the Collapsing Mountain Clan's boldness, the Sky Dome Clan's people were more reserved and taciturn.
Under their guidance, everyone stepped into the Sky Dome Clan's tribe.
The Sky Dome Clan didn't have such a terrifying gravitational force, but their buildings were very strange. There were countless tall towers erected in the tribe!
Below the tower was a pitch-black swamp.
At a glance, the top of each tower was covered in white. It turned out that there were many Sky Dome Clan members squatting on top of each tower. When their white wings spread out, it formed a sea of intertwining wings.
From time to time, some Sky Dome Clan members would soar into the sky and land there.
The Collapsing Mountain Clan was a clan that revered power, but the Sky Dome Clan yearned for the sky and freedom.
Unfortunately, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was only a huge cave. What these clans loved the most was to listen to foreign martial artists describe the vastness of the Divine Territory. The vastness of the territory was so vast that even the Sky Dome Clan couldn't reach the end of it in their lifetime …
All of this made the Sky Dome Clan very envious.
Therefore, compared to the Collapsing Mountain Clan, the Sky Dome Clan was more interested in finding out the purpose of the owner of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They hoped to get a chance to walk out of this cave.
The Collapsing Mountain Clan's arrival was warmly received by the Sky Dome Clan.
The Sky Dome Clan's towers were arranged in picturesque disorder. Some were high while some were low. Because of this, one could distinguish the status of the Sky Dome Clan at a glance.
The higher the status, the higher the height of the tower they owned.
The difference between the lowest tower and the highest tower was as large as three thousand meters.
The Sky Dome Clan arranged for the Collapsing Mountain Clan to stay at the top of the tallest tower.
When night fell, all the Sky Dome Clan members returned to their nest. The leader of the Sky Dome Clan was wearing a golden crown. He was the leader of the Sky Dome Clan, Gong Yu.
After a simple introduction, Gong Yu's gaze fell on Luo Zheng.
As the key person, Gong Yu felt that it was necessary to personally measure whether Luo Zheng could really resist the Mysterious Flame.
With a light wave of his hand, the True Essence in the surroundings began to surge rapidly, and a bright yellow flame appeared in his hand ….
Although Gong Yu understood that Luo Zheng was the key person, he obviously didn't take this Extreme Divine Stage kid seriously. Without asking for Luo Zheng's permission, he rashly wanted to burn Luo Zheng with this flame.
This scene made Luo Zheng frown slightly.
The flame of the Palace Feather was formed from the power of the Law and the True Essence. Perhaps it was extremely ingenious, but Luo Zheng was not afraid of it. However, Luo Zheng was not a masochist. He held the flame and burned himself without saying a word. What was going on?
After entering the Mountain Crumbling Clan to train, Luo Zheng's strength had undergone a complete transformation.
Previously, he was not strong enough and could not resist the Collapsing Mountain Clan's manipulation. However, the Collapsing Mountain Clan did not have too much malicious intent, so he did not pursue the matter. Now, however, Luo Zheng was not limited to this!
Seeing this situation, the careless Lei Toad took the initiative to stand out, "Brother Gong Yu, hold on!"
Gong Yu's green eyes flashed as he asked curiously, "What's wrong?"
Lei Toad was a little embarrassed. He did not explain Luo Zheng's strength in advance. With Gong Yu's status, there was indeed no need for him to respect a Extreme Divine Stage warrior from another clan. "Luo Zheng belongs to our Divine Hunting Team."
His words were very vague. In fact, he was hinting at Luo Zheng's strength. He was qualified to enter the Divine Hunting Team. In terms of pure strength, he was already comparable to the top of the Mountain Crumbling Clan.
However, Gong Yu did not understand. He only thought that Luo Zheng was able to enter the Divine Hunting Team because he was a Fire Repellent. Otherwise, how could this guy be on the same level as Lei Toad and the others?
"This is not important, right?" Gong Yu said indifferently as the flame in his hand danced.
However, Lei Toad insisted. He even took a step forward and stood in front of Gong Yu, "Luo Zheng was tested in our Mountain Crumbling Clan and received the title of Barbarian King."
Hearing this, Gong Yu's face froze, "Brother Lei Toad, you must be joking. Or does this guy not have the Fire Repellent Divine Ability? Brother Lei Toad, are you trying to make fun of our Sky Dome Clan? The Myriad Elephant Clan will be here in a few days. Brother Lei Toad, you have to take responsibility for making fun of our two Cultivation Holy Grounds! "
Gong Yu did not believe Lei Toad's words at all. In addition, Lei Toad was trying to cover things up, which made Gong Yu even more suspicious. This Luo Zheng might just be a cover. However, he could not understand why Lei Toad would lie to him.
Lei Toad smiled bitterly. He knew that Gong Yu had misinterpreted his words. He could only continue, "I am telling the truth!"
Seeing Lei Toad's serious expression, Gong Yu's eyes were filled with doubt again. He stared at Luo Zheng behind Lei Toad and said, "Whether it is the truth or not, I have to try it myself. Why are you stopping me?"
"I am not stopping you. I just hope that Brother Gong Yu can ask for Luo Zheng's permission," Lei Toad replied.
Lei Toad also knew that Luo Zheng was not a difficult person to talk to. The premise was that you had to show him respect. This was not a conversation between the strong and the weak. He could ignore Luo Zheng's suggestion. Moreover, in Lei Toad's opinion, Luo Zheng's strength was probably much stronger than Lei Toad himself!
Gong Yu finally understood what was going on. He looked down on this Luo Zheng. Was this guy really someone?
In order to get the result, Gong Yu could only restrain his temper. "Kid, it is said that all the flames in the world can't do anything to you. I want to use the Strange Flame in my hand to test you. Is that okay?"
As the leader of the Sky Dome Clan, he had already made an exception to talk to an Extreme God Realm warrior from another clan. In his opinion, he had already shown enough respect.
However, when Lei Toad heard this, he knew that he was in trouble …
Before he could open his mouth, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "I refuse."
There were other higher-ups of the Sky Dome Clan present. When they heard Luo Zheng's words, their expressions became very ugly. They did not expect that this guy would dare to refuse their leader's request.
Gong Yu raised his eyebrows slightly and sneered, "You are just a warrior from another clan. Do you have the right to refuse?"
Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. "Qualifications are fought for by strength. It is not decided by you or me."
The warriors from the Mountain Crushing Clan and the warriors from other clans who were cultivating in the Mountain Crushing Clan were also helpless at this moment. Why were they at daggers drawn?
However, they had seen Luo Zheng's strength …
Although they did not know where Luo Zheng's terrifying strength came from, when he fought against the True Martial Sacred Beast, he had left a deep impression on them.
Lei Toad wanted to continue mediating, but Gong Yu said coldly, "Then let's see if you have the strength to fight for it!"
In the end, he could not help but make a move!
He stretched out his hand and suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng. The bright yellow flame suddenly turned into a slender fire snake and shot toward Luo Zheng.
The rules in each universe were slightly different, but these rules were made by the Saints. When the Saints built the world, they could not escape the influence of the Divine Realm. Therefore, the differences were not too big!
The Sky Dome Clan members all sneered. This kid from another clan did not know the immensity of heaven and earth. If he could resist Gong Yu's red flame, it would prove that he had the Fire Repellent Body. If he could not, he deserved to be burned to death.
Han Liusu sat obediently beside Luo Zheng. She watched the fire snake roll over and curled the corners of her mouth. The grade of this flame was slightly higher than the flame of the Calamity Avoiding Wood, but compared with her Strange Flame, it was a world of difference. It was impossible for it to cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng would not obediently let the other party burn him, right?
Just as Han Liusu had guessed, Luo Zheng sat upright on the spot and did not move in the face of the fire snake. However, with a thought, the nine stars flickered again.
After using one-third of the power of the nine stars during the day, Luo Zheng discovered that the power of the nine stars was not limitless. When Luo Zheng drew too much power, the nine stars would dim.
However, to resist this fire snake, Luo Zheng did not need to draw too much power. About one-thirtieth of the power was more than enough.
This invisible power turned into a strong shield and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. The moment the fire snake rolled over, it was swallowed up by this invisible power and was directly annihilated and dissipated.
Gong Yu saw this scene and his expression became more and more unsightly. With a stroke of his finger, the fire snake continuously shot out. The color gradually transitioned from bright yellow to deep red. He was serious this time.
However, there was no change. It was as if there was an invisible wall in front of Luo Zheng. Even with the power of the fire transformed from his true essence, he could not cross half a step!

Chapter 1517
In the face of Luo Zheng's question, all the Sky Vault Clan members were silent.
The Mountain Crushing Clan guarded the source of power, while the Sky Vault Clan had the Beginning and End Vital Essence!
Everything in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was formed by Vital Essence, but all the Vital Essence came from here. This was the starting point of the Vital Essence of Heaven and Earth!
With such a unique advantage, the Sky Vault Clan's talent in Vital Essence was much stronger than other clans.
The application of Vital Essence to activate all kinds of laws was also very ingenious.
As the leader of the Sky Vault Clan, Gong Yu's strength was unquestionable. At this moment, he had already activated the power of the Fire Law to the extreme, but he still couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
What was worse was that Luo Zheng didn't move at all. He seemed to be very relaxed, revealing an unfathomable aura.
He had never taken the Sky Vault Clan seriously.
At this moment, Gong Yu somewhat believed Lei Toad's words. This guy really got the title of Barbarian King, and it wasn't as simple as a title!
However, his words were so overbearing. As the leader of the Sky Vault Clan, he couldn't back down now.
He couldn't really use assassins to kill Luo Zheng. Lei Toad would be the first to disagree.
Seeing that this fire snake couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng, Gong Yu had no choice but to disperse it. He snorted, "I hope you have the strength! Otherwise, the Emerald Fire will burn everything you have! "
"You don't have to worry about that." Luo Zheng laughed softly. "Remember, I'm just cooperating with the Mountain Crushing Clan!"
These words made Gong Yu's expression turn cold again, but Lei Toad continued to smooth things over. At the same time, he agreed with Luo Zheng's words. "Yes, my Mountain Crushing Clan and Luo Zheng are just cooperating. Brother Gong Yu's attitude is wrong."
"Brother Lei Toad, you!"
Cooperating with warriors from other clans? That would depend on whether Luo Zheng was important enough.
Even when Han Cangyan became the leader, there were all kinds of dissatisfaction in the Mountain Crushing Clan. These six clans were very xenophobic. For example, there were often clansmen in the Mountain Crushing Clan who requested to seal off the Sacred Spring Mountain to prevent warriors from other clans from entering!
This kind of thing often happened in the Sky Vault Clan, Myriad Elephant Clan, and other clans.
However, the rules of the six cultivation sacred grounds were set by the Prophets, and the Prophets followed the orders of the Master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It was impossible for them to try to change these rules!
Therefore, even though the six great races were extremely xenophobic, they still reluctantly accepted foreign martial artists to cultivate, and reluctantly nurtured foreign martial artists …
This sort of unwillingness deepened the xenophobic hearts of the natives. They believed that these foreign martial artists were here to take advantage of them.
Now that Lei Toad said that he would cooperate with Luo Zheng, lowering himself, Gong Yu almost doubted that he had heard it wrong. But looking at Lei Toad's words and attitude, it was not strange for him to say such words.
Seeing Gong Yu's expression, Lei Toad couldn't help but sigh. He strode forward and whispered something in Gong Yu's ear.
After hearing Lei Toad's words, Gong Yu's expression changed again. He stared at Luo Zheng, and his tense face gradually relaxed. Then, his attitude took a 180-degree turn, and his tone became unusually polite. "I see. Little friend Luo Zheng cooperated with the Mountain Crushing Clan, and my Sky Vault Clan benefited from it. Just now, Gong Mou spoke rudely and offended you. Please forgive me."
After Gong Yu said this, the expressions of the higher-ups of the Sky Vault Clan were quite interesting.
What did Lei Toad say to make their leader's attitude change so drastically in just a few breaths?
The Sky Vault Clan didn't know, but Luo Zheng knew, and so did some shrewd warriors.
Lei Toad must have told Gong Yu about the True Martial Sacred Beast.
The True Martial Sacred Beast was the Spirit Pet of the Master of the Forbidden Land of God, and its status was extraordinary. Not only did Luo Zheng confront the True Martial Sacred Beast, but the Black Shepherd Weasel also chose to leave!
Just this point alone was enough to determine Luo Zheng's extraordinariness.
Although the Black Shepherd Weasel couldn't speak the human language, its intelligence wouldn't be low. It was very unusual for it to let Luo Zheng go, and it was worth guessing!
Who could control the Black Shepherd Weasel? It could only be the Master of the Forbidden Land of God …
Maybe the Mountain Crushing Clan didn't know the Master of the Forbidden Land of God's purpose, and the Prophets kept their mouths shut, but it didn't mean that Lei Toad and the others didn't have their own guesses!
After realizing this, Gong Yu had to bite the bullet and change his attitude even though it was a bit ugly.
After the other party lowered his attitude, Luo Zheng didn't continue to pursue him. He just nodded indifferently. "It's just a small misunderstanding. Leader Gong, you don't have to worry about it."
Gong Yu might be able to put down his face, but the other members of the Sky Dome Clan might not. They didn't know the inside story, and they just hated Luo Zheng to the core …
After this matter was over, it was time to eat.
When the Mountain Crushing Clan came to visit, the Sky Dome Clan's custom was to entertain them with rich food.
Gong Yu waved his hand, and dozens of Sky Dome Clan members flew over with stacks of exquisite plates and wine cups in their hands. They placed the plates in front of the crowd!
However, these plates were empty!
Seeing these plates, Luo Zheng was a bit curious. He didn't know what kind of food the Sky Dome Clan would entertain them with.
Since this place was the Holy Land of Cultivation, the martial artists here were all cultivating True Essence, and they basically didn't need to eat. They just needed to swallow True Essence …
Unexpectedly, what happened next was in line with Luo Zheng's conjecture.
They were indeed different from the Mountain Crushing Clan. The Mountain Crushing Clan needed to hunt large amounts of rare and exotic beasts for food, and the flesh and blood of those beasts had powerful body refining effects.
However, the Sky Dome Clan's food was True Essence!
After those plates were placed one by one, dozens of Sky Dome Clan women appeared again.
These women had slender figures and enchanting figures. Their appearances were naturally extremely beautiful. Compared to those burly Mountain Crushing Clan women, they were like heaven and earth.
When the accompanying foreign martial artists saw these women, they felt that they were a feast for the eyes, and their appetites were aroused!
Those women were facing the plates, clasping their hands together, and closing their eyes to meditate …
"Visualization method …" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Under the woman's visualization, the rich True Essence in this place began to condense unceasingly. From the plates, streaks of jade-like luster began to flicker, and bursts of fragrance also emerged. On the exquisite plates, there were all kinds of fruits and meat, and in the cups, there was also fragrant wine!
Luo Zheng was rather speechless.
Visualization method was the entry-level method to control True Essence!
However, martial artists could directly absorb True Essence and True Essence when they cultivated.
The Sky Dome Clan, on the other hand, maintained their tradition of eating. However, they didn't eat meat paste, and they didn't eat grains either. Thus, they used this method.
These beautiful women were the kitchen maids of the Sky Dome Clan …
The visualization method that they cultivated since childhood was to visualize all kinds of delicious food.
The most delicious food in the world was ultimately within the imagination. After all, a person's imagination was the most beautiful existence in the world.
Under continuous training, the food that they visualized became peerless delicacies!
Of course, when these things were eaten, they were ultimately just a lump of True Essence. It was similar to absorbing True Essence. The only difference was that they were full of food.
"Hahaha! I've been yearning for the Sky Dome Clan's peerless delicacies day and night. Although this lousy stuff isn't filling, the taste is top-notch! Let's eat this meal first, then we'll dissect the prey! "Thunder Toad laughed, already impatiently reaching his hand into the plate.
The Mountain Breaker Clan didn't know how to absorb True Essence at all. To them, eating this food was the same as not eating it at all. However, this delicacy was coveted by their clan. Moreover, they had quite a bit of harvest on their way through the Calamity Passing Forest. Prey that was full would be eaten last. Now, they had to satisfy their appetite.
The Sky Dome Clan woman in front of Luo Zheng finished her visualization and bowed slightly to Luo Zheng. "Please eat." After saying that, she floated down and walked to the next martial artist …
Not long after, there were all kinds of exquisite delicacies in front of everyone's plates.
Hearing Thunder Toad's exaggerated description, Luo Zheng was curious. He casually put some of the visualized grapes into his mouth, and a sweet taste immediately formed in his mouth. Although the sweetness was rich, it didn't feel greasy at all. It was indeed very different from what he had tasted before!

Chapter 1518
In addition to fruits, there was also good wine and meat. After tasting them, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. The Sky Dome Clan really knew how to enjoy life.
These Sky Dome Clan women were also extremely powerful. Their imagination in food simply surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination. They could perfectly combine taste and true essence …
All the Mountain Shattering Clan members and foreign martial artists ate happily.
After finishing the food on the plate, the women would come back and close their eyes to meditate again. They transformed their true essence into food, and each time, the food was different. It was simply everything!
After finishing this special meal, the Sky Dome Clan arranged accommodations for everyone.
They still had to stay in the Sky Dome Clan's territory for a few days. They needed to wait for the Myriad Elephant Clan to come before the three clans started to move.
Luo Zheng stayed in one of the tall towers. After meditating for a night, he once again observed the development of the world in his body.
In these two days, Luo Zheng used the power of the nine stars very frequently. Those nine bright stars were slightly dim …
However, under the evaporation of the sea of chaos, there were traces of chaos energy being absorbed by the nine stars!
Chaos could transform into all things. Everything in the God Domain was derived from chaos, including true essence!
Saints cultivated true essence and transformed the universe. Therefore, everything in the universe was derived from true essence. It wasn't unexpected that the nine stars would absorb chaos energy.
However, thinking about it this way, the creatures in the world in his body were all transformed from chaos. Wouldn't they be of a higher level than him?
Luo Zheng was born in the universe. This way, they were transformed from true essence and could be considered "second-level creatures". The creatures in his body, on the other hand, were of a higher level …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but smile.
Eighteen hours later, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement welcomed light.
On a tall tower dozens of feet away from Luo Zheng, a graceful figure flashed slightly. That person's toes touched the ground. That person's face was blooming with a faint smile. It was Han Liusu.
"Let's go. I'll take you to a place!" Han Liusu said with a smile. She leaned forward and pulled Luo Zheng up.
"Where?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A fun place!"
After Han Liusu finished speaking, she kept jumping on these tall towers and fled into the distance.
Luo Zheng looked curious and followed them all the way …
The number of towers in the Sky Vault Clan was astounding. As they moved forward, the height of the towers became shorter and shorter. The tops of the towers were almost touching the black water and could only be regarded as stone piers sticking out of the water.
The stone blocks in the distance formed a path that extended above the black water.
Although they could fly here, with Han Liusu leading the way, Luo Zheng still obediently followed behind. He couldn't figure out where this woman was taking him.
As they walked along the short stone pier, a Sky Vault Clan member blocked their path. "The Tidal Surge is behind us! It's the trial ground of my Sky Vault Clan. You can only enter by paying the Trial Talisman! "
Although each Cultivation Sanctuary had different cultivation methods, they all had to pay the Trial Talisman. The Sky Vault Clan was no exception.
How could Luo Zheng take out a Trial Talisman?
However, this matter couldn't stop Han Liusu …
Han Jia had their own city in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. The purple talisman might be precious, and it wasn't easy for the other members of Han Jia to obtain, but for people like Han Liusu and Han Cangyan, it wasn't much.
The corners of Han Liusu's mouth curled up slightly. With a wave of her hand, two purple Trial Talismans flew toward the Sky Vault Clan member!
After the Sky Vault Clan member caught the two Trial Talismans and inspected them, he didn't say anything and directly let them go.
As he continued to walk forward, Luo Zheng noticed that the black water under his feet began to surge. Wave after wave, it kept rolling forward.
At the same time, several wide platforms appeared in front of them. They were like giant mushrooms that stood on top of the black water.
There were thousands of martial artists on these platforms.
Most of them were foreign martial artists. There were also Sky Vault Clan members, but their numbers were very small.
Luo Zheng could understand this.
Martial artists who cultivated their bodies were relatively small in number. Most of them cultivated their true essence!
Most of the martial artists who entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement would set the Sky Vault Clan's cultivation holy land as their first target. After obtaining a purple Trial Talisman, they would naturally enter this place as soon as possible …
If Luo Zheng had been born in a normal place and obtained a purple Trial Talisman, he probably wouldn't have chosen the Sky Vault Clan. After all, cultivating his true essence was useless to him.
When Luo Zheng and Han Liusu entered, the foreign martial artists on the platforms only casually sized them up. When they looked at Luo Zheng, they were expressionless. However, when some of them saw Han Liusu, they frowned slightly, and a trace of fear appeared in their eyes.
However, when they saw that Han Liusu didn't enter the platform, they didn't care too much.
"Where are we going?" Luo Zheng was led by Han Liusu all the way, and he was a little confused.
"Just follow me." Han Liusu laughed mischievously. "However, I have something to trouble you with!"
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Help me beat someone up!" Han Liusu said.
"No." Luo Zheng firmly refused. This woman in front of him had indeed helped him before, but Luo Zheng had only agreed to help her enter the Soul Subduing Cliff. He could still do it in the early stages, not to mention that Luo Zheng had saved her life in the Giant Tree Forest.
He wasn't Han Liusu's hired thug.
Han Liusu suddenly turned her head and pursed her lips, revealing a resentful expression. Then, her eyes turned slightly, as if she had thought of something.
As they continued forward, Luo Zheng discovered that these mushroom-like platforms were of different sizes. The deeper they went, the larger the mushrooms became!
At the same time, the strength of the martial artists on these platforms also increased.
In the end, Han Liusu led Luo Zheng up and stepped onto a platform about a thousand feet in diameter. On such a wide platform, there were only a few hundred foreign martial artists, so it seemed very spacious …
The moment Luo Zheng jumped onto this platform, many of the foreign martial artists glared at Luo Zheng, and they all had angry looks on their faces!
Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback. He didn't know why these fellows were so angry at him.
But at this moment, the black water below began to surge violently. A whirlpool appeared below each platform, and the one Luo Zheng was on had the largest whirlpool.
"Hua la la!"
As the sound of fierce waves spread out, the foreign martial artists who were originally glaring at Luo Zheng and Han Liusu no longer had the mood to pay attention to them.
Round divine runes began to appear on the platform. One also appeared below Luo Zheng and Han Liusu's feet.
"Quick, pour your true essence into this divine rune," Han Liusu reminded.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Try it!" Han Liusu urged.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already guessed what was going on. He wasn't a fool. From the moment he entered, the martial artists on the platforms had already revealed vigilant expressions.
Clearly, the resources on these platforms were limited. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, these resources should be comparable to the power source. After all, the Sky Dome Clan was a cultivation holy land on the same level as the Mountain Shattering Clan. They also had to pay purple trial talismans.
And the resources on each platform were definitely limited. That was why the martial artists were so vigilant and unwilling to let newcomers join.
Now, Luo Zheng's platform was the widest, but there were only a few hundred martial artists on it. This was even more abnormal. The only possibility was that ordinary foreign martial artists didn't dare to step onto this platform!
In addition, Han Liusu had said that she would help him beat people up. Luo Zheng already understood 80% of what was going on.
However, Luo Zheng didn't care too much. He was originally curious about this place and wanted to see what this Surge of Tides was.
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't inject Quintessential Essence into the divine pattern. However, it was extremely easy for him to substitute it with Primal Chaos Aura.
With a thought, Luo Zheng drew out a trace of Primal Chaos Aura. It flowed through the meridians in his legs and poured into the divine pattern under his feet.
Han Liusu was also very focused. Her ten slender fingers intertwined with each other and produced a streak of colorful Quintessential Essence that poured into the divine pattern under her feet.
The instant the Primal Chaos Aura poured in, the divine pattern started to rotate slowly. It was as if something was jumping out from it.
"Hualala!"
At this moment, the black water below was surging more and more violently. The glow of the divine pattern was also becoming more and more intense!
After injecting a streak of Primal Chaos Aura, it was quickly swallowed up by the divine pattern. Luo Zheng could only add another streak of Primal Chaos Aura.
For ordinary divine patterns, injecting a streak of Primal Chaos Aura was more than enough. However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that after injecting several streaks of Primal Chaos Aura, they would all be absorbed by the divine pattern under his feet. It was like a bottomless pit!
A look of curiosity crossed his face, but he didn't know what use this divine pattern had. However, the amount of Primal Chaos Aura in his inner world was massive, so this wasn't much at all. Thus, Primal Chaos Aura continued to pour into the divine pattern. Although the amount of Primal Chaos Aura he poured into the divine pattern wasn't little, it was still a drop in the ocean of Primal Chaos.
The black water's tidal waves lasted for about the time it took for an incense stick to burn, and then it quickly returned to its original calm state.
Just as the black water calmed down, the divine pattern under everyone's feet began to shoot out black crystals!
These black crystals were about the size of a finger. As they fell to the ground, they emitted crisp tinkling sounds!
As the black crystals shot out, many martial artists revealed looks of joy. They immediately grabbed them in their hands, as if they were afraid that they would run away.
Every martial artist had three or four black crystals by their side. Most of them chose to swallow them as soon as possible …
The larger the platform, the more black crystals could be extracted!
The platform that Luo Zheng and Han Liusu were on was the largest platform, at least seven or eight times larger than the surrounding platforms. In addition, there weren't many martial artists on this platform, and each time the divine runes beneath their feet were refined, there were at least 30 to 40 divine runes!
But in this round, including Han Liusu, none of the hundreds of martial artists had extracted a single black crystal …
At this moment, all of them were staring at Luo Zheng, as if they wished they could kill Luo Zheng. In addition, there were several complex emotions in their widened eyes, such as bewilderment and disbelief!
This was because the divine pattern under Luo Zheng's feet was spitting out these black crystals with all its might. In the blink of an eye, the black crystals around Luo Zheng had piled up into a small mountain. There were at least four or five thousand black crystals …
Feeling the intense hatred of these martial artists, Luo Zheng revealed an innocent smile. He shrugged his shoulders in apology, indicating that he didn't know what these things were.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1519
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that he had committed an enormous taboo by stepping onto the largest platform.
Although the Six Great Cultivation Holy Lands were on equal footing, the Sky Vault Clan was undoubtedly the most popular!
Not only were there many martial artists cultivating the True Essence system, but the most important thing was that the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement cultivated the Beginning and End True Essence, which was extremely famous in the Realm of the Gods!
Absorbing the Beginning and End True Essence here was equivalent to being personally taught by a Saint!
In the vast Realm of the Gods, how many Saints would hand over their personal teachings to outsiders?
Thus, the Sky Vault Clan had become an important place in the eyes of many forces. They would all think of ways to occupy a place in the Sky Vault Clan.
Even the hundreds of people on the circular platform that Luo Zheng was on were considered to have transcendent status in the Realm of the Gods!
They occupied the largest platform, so who would dare to fight with them?
Everyone was clear about the amount of Beginning and End True Essence that could be extracted from this platform, but they could only look on enviously. They simply didn't have the qualifications to join this platform …
Luo Zheng stepped onto this platform unknowingly.
If it were any other time, Luo Zheng would be the first to be attacked. The martial artists on this platform were all ruthless characters. They would definitely gang up and attack him. Any martial artist that joined this platform would have to pay a considerable price.
However, Luo Zheng and Han Liusu stepped onto this platform at a rather coincidental time. It was just when the Tidal Surge was activated.
Everyone was busy refining the Beginning and End True Essence, which was that kind of black crystal.
This didn't mean that they would let Luo Zheng go. They would wait until they extracted the Beginning and End True Essence. Every piece of Beginning and End True Essence was incomparably important. No one was willing to waste it.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng and Han Liusu could only extract ten to twenty pieces of Beginning and End True Essence. In a while, they would just obediently hand it over.
However, the result was completely out of their expectations …
The Sky Vault Clan had their own reasons for setting up these refining divine patterns on these platforms. After all, this was a Holy Land of Cultivation. With confrontation and competition, everyone's speed of improvement would be faster.
Whoever poured in the most True Essence would be able to extract the most Beginning and End True Essence.
When the tide came, all the black water would gather at the pillar below the platform. The pillar was specially made of a special material that could sift out the Qi contained in the black water.
Then, they were refined by the divine patterns and distributed to the hands of many martial artists.
The stronger one was, the more Beginning and End true essence one could refine. Therefore, even if they were on the same platform, a martial artist could refine 50 Beginning and End true essences while another martial artist could only refine 10. This was the embodiment of the difference in strength.
However, Luo Zheng's chaotic energy was clearly many times stronger than Zhen Yuan!
If Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi was the foundation of the entire Divine Realm, then Chaos Energy was the foundation of the entire Chaos Energy!
After Luo Zheng injected such a large amount of Chaos, it produced an unacceptable result.
He had almost monopolized all of the Beginning and End Vital Essence. The black crystals that should have been scattered under the feet of many martial artists were now all piled up beside Luo Zheng …
"Han Liusu!" An angry voice transmitted over.
In the center of the platform was a woman wearing a purple robe. The woman's skirt was long and slender, and it spread out from her waist, revealing a pair of slender white jade legs. This woman was fiercely glaring at Han Liusu and Luo Zheng, her extremely beautiful face filled with rage.
Beside this woman was a young master wearing a jade-colored brocade robe. This young master's eyes were also emitting a cold light.
"Hey! Little sister, what business do you have with me? " Han Liusu's face was smiling. With a casual wave of her hand, a series of clinking sounds rang out. Dozens of Beginning and End true essence gathered in her hand. She gently blew a breath of air, and those black crystals instantly melted, transforming into streams of black light that were absorbed into her body through her nose.
"Little sister?" Hearing Han Liusu's response, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Whoosh!
The purple-robed woman's figure flashed, and she appeared in front of the two. Her beautiful eyes glared at Han Liusu, "Who's your little sister!"
Han Liusu was just about to speak when the young master in brocade robe appeared. He frowned as he sized up the pile of black crystals beside Luo Zheng, but he smiled at Han Liusu, "Big sister has found a strong helper, but it seems to be only a secondary life form?"
"Humph, who's your big sister!" This time, it was Han Liusu's turn to deny.
The young master in brocade robe didn't seem to mind. He smiled at Han Liusu, but turned to stare at Luo Zheng. His tone had a 180-degree change, "You're just a small secondary life form. You don't have the qualifications to enter this place. Do you want me to kick you down, or do you want to roll down yourself?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's brows immediately furrowed.
No matter what Han Liusu's plan was, he didn't want to participate.
Even though this pile of black crystals seemed to be quite precious, they were almost useless to Luo Zheng. He didn't need any True Core Strength.
However, the young master in brocade robe's words were too harsh. Even though Luo Zheng could remain calm under any provocation, it didn't mean that he was afraid of trouble!
Just as Luo Zheng was about to answer, he didn't expect that another figure would fly up from behind him. Then, he steadily stopped beside Luo Zheng and patted Luo Zheng's shoulder, "Brother Luo Zheng!"
"Dugu?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
It was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who had finally obtained a purple Trial Talisman two months ago. It had been two months since he entered the sacred cultivation place of the Celestial Vault Clan.
"Haha, I didn't expect you to come so late. I thought you would be the first to obtain a purple Trial Talisman!" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao said with a smile, "Ku Deng and Ji Luoxue are also here!"
While he was talking, another two figures landed on the platform. They were Ji Luoxue and Ku Deng.
After arriving, they greeted Luo Zheng one by one. However, Luo Zheng also noticed that the three of them were faintly vigilant against the warriors on the platform. Obviously, these Dao Disciples didn't want to become enemies with them.
After saying this, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao immediately put on a smile, "Brother Qin, this is the first time my friend has come here. He doesn't know the rules here. He's innocent. Please don't be angry with him."
The three of them had been cultivating here for a while, so they were familiar with the rules here.
Ji Luoxue and Ku Deng were God's favored sons in the universe. However, there was no Celestial Master's protection here. Moreover, these guys' backers were all experts in the God Realm. They couldn't be compared with second-level creatures like them!
What was worse was that these people all had powerful backers.
For example, this Young Master Qin in a brocade robe. His family directly occupied a birthplace. Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and Ku Deng were both born in that birthplace. They knew that this Young Master Qin's background was too unusual …
At first, the three of them were busy refining the Beginning and End Real Essence, so they didn't notice Luo Zheng.
When they were almost done, they suddenly found that the atmosphere here wasn't right. At first glance, they saw a warrior refining a large pile of black crystals next to him. However, there were only a few other warriors. They were wondering who this guy was.
After looking at him carefully, they found him familiar. Wasn't that Luo Zheng? This was a huge problem!
Therefore, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao hurried over and apologized to Young Master Qin.
Young Master Qin didn't pay too much attention to Luo Zheng. At first, he just told Luo Zheng to get out. However, after noticing the pile of black crystals, he immediately changed his mind. He smiled coldly at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and said, "You know the rules here?"
"I don't know. Young Master Qin, please enlighten me." Seeing Luo Zheng's gloomy face and wanting to say something, Young Master Qin suddenly pulled Luo Zheng and said with a smile.
At the same time, Ku Deng and Ji Luoxue muttered in their hearts, "This is troublesome. I'm afraid this Young Master Qin won't be kind."
In the end, these platforms belonged to the Sky Vault Clan. Although they were currently occupied by the martial artists of the God Realm, there were no "rules" in place. Those who didn't know what was going on would usually be driven away by the Sky Vault Clan if they jumped onto the platforms at will. If there were some troublemakers who were unconvinced, they would probably be beaten up and thrown into the black water below.
Now that some rules had suddenly appeared, this guy must be up to no good.
"Anyone who casually steps onto this platform must first break their legs. This is the rule." Young Master Qin's face suddenly revealed a trace of viciousness. "If the four of you want to leave, break your own legs first!"
The four people he was referring to were naturally Luo Zheng, Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
He didn't dare to break Han Liusu's legs!

Chapter 1520
That Young Master Qin suddenly set this rule, and the other martial artists on the platform all revealed strange smiles.
Those who had the qualifications to enter this platform to refine the beginning and end true essence naturally had an extraordinary background.
Perhaps they were very angry that Luo Zheng had snatched the beginning and end true essence from this round of Tidal Surge, but if this brat was tactful and left the beginning and end true essence behind, they wouldn't find too much trouble. After all, they didn't have any actual losses.
This was the territory of the Sky Dome Clan, after all. Many forces in the God Realm did their best to befriend the Sky Dome Clan, and indeed obtained many benefits, but they couldn't be too arrogant and despotic here.
Now that Young Master Qin suddenly stood out and inexplicably made up such a rule, with this group of people's quick thinking, they instantly understood.
Young Master Qin's goal naturally wasn't really to chop off these guys' legs.
They were just a few second-level life forms, who knew which corner of the universe these guys came from. What was the point of chopping off their legs? It would be too troublesome to even make a move.
As for what these second-level life forms had in their hands, it couldn't possibly catch their eye.
The only thing that caught their eye was the method Luo Zheng had just displayed!
Every martial artist who stood on the platform would obtain a divine pattern under their feet when the Tidal Surge appeared.
There was no way to investigate who had set up these platforms, but refining the beginning and end true essence from these divine patterns was the only way.
The size of the platform and the strength of one's strength would determine the amount of black crystals refined.
The martial artists on this platform were basically all from the God's Domain. Occasionally, the younger generation of the Sky Vault Clan would come in, but the gap between them wasn't that big. At best, they could refine 30 to 40 pills, and at least, they could refine 10 to 20 pills.
But that guy that Han Liusu had brought was a bit outrageous!
Under this round of refinement, he directly produced three to four thousand crystals, which was to say that he had taken away the beginning and end true essence of everyone on the platform …
The group of God Realm martial artists was also rather speechless.
It was just that they had always looked down on second-level life forms, so how could they be willing to show any more shock? But the shock in their hearts couldn't be contained, and at the same time, they began to ponder where the problem lay.
Since Young Master Qin had made up a rule to chop off these people's legs, his goal was most likely to target Luo Zheng!
They were right.
Young Master Qin was indeed tempted by Luo Zheng's ability. If he could control this ability, he would be able to monopolize a platform, and the speed at which he absorbed the Beginning and End True Essence would increase by a hundredfold. Why not?
He didn't need to stay on the largest platform. He just needed to occupy a platform that wasn't too big. After all, no one else could compete with him.
As for Ku Deng, Ji Luoxue, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, their faces darkened when they heard this.
After entering the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they also understood the status of second-class living beings. In order to cultivate and increase their strength, they had no choice but to endure … Even after entering the Sky Dome Clan, they still put in a lot of effort.
Among them, Ji Luoxue had spent three months, Ku Deng had spent two months, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was the slowest, spending a total of four months to obtain a precious purple talisman.
Even after coming in, he was still bullied.
They didn't even dare to think about occupying the largest platform. In the beginning, even the small platforms at the edge of this place were chased away by warriors.
But, these people's talents were extraordinary. Even within the Divine Realm, those that could cultivate the body of a Dao Child were existences that couldn't be casually ignored. Their greatest weakness was that their cultivations were too low. This was because most of the people here were Divine Transformation realm martial artists, but these three people were stuck at the middle and late Divine Realm.
Gradually, their strength grew, and they started to change platforms frequently. They also obtained more and more Beginning and End True Essence.
But in the end, they still didn't dare to step onto the centermost platform …
Because of Luo Zheng's appearance, they all came forward to take Luo Zheng away. They didn't expect that Young Master Qin would say such a thing. It was too much of a bully!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao forced a smile. "Young Master Qin, you must be joking. We won't take away the Beginning and End True Essence. You don't have to make it sound so serious."
Young Master Qin's expression became more and more serious, and a trace of malevolence appeared at the corner of his mouth. "I, Qin Tianze, never joke. How can you second-level creatures come up to this platform?"
After saying this, he gently waved one hand, and a bit of True Essence began to condense, condensing into a sword as thin as a cicada's wing. "Do you want me to do it myself, or do you want to do it yourself?"
The brilliance of the sword was restrained, and there was a hint of sharpness, but Young Master Qin didn't have the slightest killing intent. In his eyes, these second-level creatures were insignificant characters that weren't worth mentioning. They would immediately submit after being intimidated!
But he had to put on a show. Otherwise, how could he use this as a threat to interrogate Luo Zheng?
If these guys really didn't know what was good for them, Young Master Qin had another plan in mind. If he really killed these people, the Sky Dome Clan probably wouldn't find trouble with him. After all, the Sky Dome Clan still had many requests for his Qin Family …
The Sky Dome Clan cultivated the Beginning and End True Essence, which was fundamentally different from the Mountain Crushing Clan.
The Mountain Crushing Clan only cultivated the body, and they only needed to use the Origin of Power to irrigate their bodies. What's more, the clan had sufficient food supplies, and they didn't have any requests for foreign warriors. Therefore, the clan treated everyone equally and rarely favored anyone. This time, Luo Zheng was an exception.
However, the Sky Dome Clan had a considerable demand for some techniques and even weapons from the God Area, so the forces in the God Area naturally catered to them. Therefore, the Sky Dome Clan naturally took special care of warriors like Young Master Qin.
He thought his strength was enough to crush them, and with the help of the Sky Dome Clan, where could these guys escape to? If they dared to escape from the Sky Dome Clan, it would be better … The Qin Family's forces in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement could almost do whatever they wanted!
Seeing that Young Master Qin was really going to take action, the spirals in Ji Luoxue's pupils suddenly spun, and the hidden killing intent gradually flashed!
Ku Deng put his palms together with one hand, and the strength of the hand holding the Zen staff also increased a bit!
Compared to the other two, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao knew the guys in the God Area better. After all, the broken sword in his hand came from the God Area, but he knew that if he fought with Young Master Qin, he was afraid that he would really die. However, if Young Master Qin insisted on taking action, they couldn't possibly be fish on the chopping board.
"Young Master Qin, you're too ruthless." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was already quite helpless.
Young Master Qin took two steps forward. Seeing that the time was right, he smiled coldly, stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Of course, it's okay to not be ruthless. Just now, your friend has some small tricks to refine such a large amount of Beginning and End True Essence. If you tell me this small trick, I can let you go! As for the pile of Beginning and End True Essence, I'll give it to you! "
Coercion and bribery …
On one hand, he threatened to take action, and on the other hand, he would give them Beginning and End True Essence. This person's timing and means were quite accurate.
After he finished speaking, the warriors of the God Area on the platform suddenly showed an expression of "I've already guessed it", and quietly waited to see how this matter would develop.
Ji Luoxue and the other two looked at Luo Zheng at the same time. Young Master Qin had taken a big detour, and finally revealed his original purpose!
Han Liusu knelt on the ground. She gently moved her fingers, and the Beginning and End True Essence flew into her hands. Then she held it with both hands and put it into her mouth. Like eating melon seeds, she ate the black crystals one by one, and looked at the scene in front of her with a smile.
She already knew Qin Tianze's temper, but she didn't expect the effect to be so good. He really forced Luo Zheng to take action. This guy was afraid that he would suffer a big loss. At this moment, her mood was naturally very good!
Luo Zheng stood in the same place. Just now, he didn't say a word, but just coldly stared at Young Master Qin.
He had long seen through Han Liusu's plan. She wanted to use him to teach this Qin guy a lesson. Luo Zheng didn't want to do as she wanted, and from the beginning, he wanted to settle things peacefully …
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng still underestimated the domineering nature of some people. When they saw his methods, they were determined to obtain it through coercion and bribery. Under this aggressiveness, they even involved Ji Luoxue and the other two. Now, Luo Zheng didn't intend to shrink back.
At this moment, Luo Zheng still didn't pay attention to Young Master Qin. Instead, he stared at the smiling Han Liusu and said, "So this is what you wanted?"
Han Liusu smiled and didn't speak. She casually ate another black crystal.
However, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his finger, his thumb hooked around his index finger, and made a gesture of flicking his finger. "I don't like others using me. I hope this is the last time."
After saying this calmly, from his fingertip, a terrifying power suddenly condensed!
Luo Zheng's entire body's power, including the power of his eight Dao Pillars, all gathered in his index finger. This index finger was only three inches away from Han Liusu's forehead. In an instant, it gave Han Liusu a tremendous amount of pressure!
If Luo Zheng flicked his finger, her entire head would turn to dust, and she would die without a doubt!
In the face of this pressure, Han Liusu's face instantly paled. She saw that Luo Zheng's expression was extremely cold. He didn't seem to be joking.
"Pa!"
He flicked his finger and tapped on Han Liusu's forehead.
In that instant, Han Liusu was almost scared half to death …
However, Luo Zheng's control of power had already reached the pinnacle. Apart from the power of the Nine Stars, which he couldn't completely control, he could use his own power as he pleased.
The moment he flicked his finger, the power completely dissipated, leaving only a shallow red mark on her forehead!

Chapter 1521
The little trick that Young Master Qin mentioned was Luo Zheng's Primal Chaos Secret Skill. Young Master Qin couldn't cultivate it, and Luo Zheng couldn't give it to him either.
Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't bother to respond to Young Master Qin's words.
Now, he didn't plan to leave.
Young Master Qin had set this rule at the last minute in order to make Luo Zheng speak.
He didn't expect that this guy would say something like that. He was stunned.
He wasn't the only one. The woman beside Young Master Qin, as well as the many foreign race cultivators on the platform, were all stunned. They found it hard to understand the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words. After all, they found it hard to believe that Luo Zheng had the courage to stay on this platform.
"What do you mean?" Young Master Qin asked again.
Luo Zheng chuckled. His aura suddenly soared, and the expression between his brows changed greatly. "You can't even understand this? In other words, I'm occupying this platform. All of you, get out of here! If you don't, I'll break your legs! "
His words were straightforward enough. As long as one wasn't an idiot, one could understand it instantly.
"Cough, cough..."
When Luo Zheng said that, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was frightened.
Ku Deng's eyes were filled with shock. Ji Luoxue's breathing became hurried, and his face was even dyed with a blush.
Among the three of them, Ji Luoxue was the most radical. She was ready to take action. However, they didn't have any chance of winning against these guys from the God Area. Ji Luoxue could only suppress her anger.
Now that she heard Luo Zheng's words, she was naturally extremely excited. Looking at Luo Zheng's heroic face, she couldn't help but sigh in her heart. As expected of Luo Zheng, even after leaving the universe, he's still the same …
Not only did she feel Luo Zheng's sharpness, but she also felt Luo Zheng's confidence. Did this guy get another trump card?
In the Illusory Battlefield, Ji Luoxue and the others had seen Luo Zheng's trump cards.
However, this wasn't the universe. This was the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. The martial artists that could enter this place to train were either the elites of the various universes or powerhouses from the God Realm. Was Luo Zheng confident that he could deal with this Young Master Qin?
No …
What he had just said was that he wanted to occupy this platform.
There were many experts on this platform, and Young Master Qin was definitely not the only one!
In other words, he had the confidence to fight against everyone on this platform!
Ji Luoxue was shocked by her own deduction as well because she subconsciously believed that her deduction was not valid at all.
Now it was time to see how big Luo Zheng's trump card was.
After Young Master Qin stood there in a daze for three breaths of time, his originally handsome face gradually became distorted.
"Ha … hahahaha …"
Then he laughed wildly in front of Luo Zheng.
It wasn't just Sir Qin. Behind Sir Qin, the dozens of foreign martial artists from the Realm of the Gods also burst into laughter!
With so many Divine Transformation realm martial artists wildly laughing together, their laughter shook the heavens.
As for the martial artists on the other platforms, they all looked over. They were well aware that there was going to be a good show here.
These martial artists didn't know Luo Zheng's origins. In their opinion, no matter what this Luo Zheng was, he was nothing more than a second-level life form. Did he have the qualifications to challenge the elites of the Realm of the Gods?
"Where did that fellow come from?"
"Heh, he seems to be together with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!"
"He's most likely some fellow who doesn't know the immensity of the heavens and earth. In his own universe, he might be a green onion, but here he's nothing!"
"Some people just don't understand this logic. They're no different from an idiot!"
The martial artists on the other platforms all looked at Luo Zheng with pity. It wasn't hard to imagine what would happen to this fellow …
Kacha!
Han Liusu leaned back as if she were lying on a bed. Her back was against the air as she casually picked up a black crystal and popped it into her mouth.
Although she was flicked by Luo Zheng and her head was still buzzing, she still looked at Luo Zheng with an infatuated gaze.
In Han Liusu's opinion, Luo Zheng was a reserved and even unromantic fellow … no matter what, she never imagined that Luo Zheng's personality would have such a tyrannical side to it. How was this a tit for tat? This was a blade against a blade!
She had long wanted to teach this bastard who had kidnapped her little sister a lesson, but she never imagined that the results would be so good. Han Liusu's mood could only be described as bursting with joy.
"Laugh, laugh, laugh. The happier you laugh, the more miserable you'll be." Han Liusu didn't even bother to look at Qin Tianze. She only heard his laughter and thought to herself, pleased with herself.
The laughter on the platform gradually subsided.
The smile on Sir Qin's face also completely disappeared, replaced by a playful and murderous expression. "It's been a long time since I've met such a bold second-level life form! Hahaha! "He then shouted," Jing Xuan! "
As soon as his voice fell, a Sky Vault Clan member flapped his wings and flew over from the sky.
This Sky Vault Clan member named Jing Xuan was the guard of the Surge of Tides. His duty was to maintain order here!
In the Surge of Tides, in order to refine as much true essence as possible, martial artists always hoped to monopolize a platform as much as possible. Because of this, disputes often occurred, so the Sky Vault Clan had no choice but to send people to guard this place in turns.
If a martial artist dared to make a move here, the consequence was being directly expelled.
As a result, this place became stable.
However, because of the infiltration of the Realm of the Gods, they were taken care of in many ways. If someone like Qin Tianze wanted to make a move here, he only needed to give a warning. As long as he didn't kill anyone, the Sky Vault Clan would naturally turn a blind eye.
And if some martial artists dared to resist, or if they won in their resistance, they would still be expelled …
Therefore, when facing Qin Tianze and his group, many foreign martial artists dared to be angry but didn't dare to say anything. This was because if they went against Qin Tianze and lost, the unlucky ones would still be them if they won!
"Sir Qin, what's the matter?" the Sky Vault Clan martial artist asked as he hovered in the air.
"Today, I'm going to break my precepts and kill!" Qin Tianze said firmly, as if this sentence had already sentenced Luo Zheng to death!
"This … isn't too good, right?" Jing Xuan's face showed hesitation.
Their Sky Vault Clan was the same as the other five clans. They were all cultivation holy lands for martial artists. Overall, they were quite fair, but it wasn't unreasonable to make an exception for Sir Qin's group.
Although this group of people often fought fiercely, they generally only focused on teaching people a lesson. They basically never killed anyone here.
"Humph, you just need to report to your family's lord. My Qin Family can still afford this small price!" Qin Tianze said coldly.
"Yes." Jing Xuan wasn't considered an important figure in the Sky Vault Clan. Since Qin Tianze had asked for instructions, these words were enough. He couldn't be bothered to care about the life or death of this group of foreign martial artists. It would be best if they were all dead!
Just like the Mountain Collapsing Clan, the six clans didn't have a good impression of foreign martial artists. They always felt that this group of people entered their cultivation holy lands and took away things that belonged to their clan for free.
Qin Tianze looked at Luo Zheng, the ferocious look on his face becoming more and more intense. "You have one last chance. Hand over your method of refining the Beginning and End Vital Essence and you can live. However, you have to destroy your Dantian and Dao Platform. If you do, I can spare your life!"
He had already seen that Luo Zheng was also a Body and Energy Dual Cultivator. For a Body Refining Cultivator, the most important thing was the Dao Platform. For a Cultivation Martial Artist, the most important thing was the Dantian. If both were destroyed, it would be worse than death!
"Yes, hand it over now and you can still live. Otherwise, your soul will scatter!"
"Once Sir Qin makes a move, you won't have any medicine for regret!"
"Your little trick isn't worth mentioning. Hand it over and you'll be spared from death. It's really worth it!"
The martial artists behind Qin Tianze clamored.
In fact, whether it was Qin Tianze or the martial artists behind him, they didn't understand how abnormal Luo Zheng's method of refining the Beginning and End Vital Essence was. They subconsciously thought that Luo Zheng was a second-level creature. Perhaps his method was very clever, but it only gave him an advantage in extracting the Beginning and End Vital Essence!
How could they have known that Luo Zheng didn't have any refining method at all? The reason he could refine so much Beginning and End Vital Essence was entirely because of the Chaotic Qi …
At this moment, they also hoped that Qin Tianze could get his hands on this method. If Qin Tianze was willing to share it, they could each occupy a platform. In this way, they could almost monopolize the entire platform on the Tide Surge and take all the resources in their pockets.
"Kacha!"
Han Liusu popped another black crystal. She glanced at the group of idiots and shook her head slightly.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1522
"What kind of expression is that?!"
The group of foreign cultivators from the God Realm didn't notice Han Liusu, but her sister did.
For some reason, she felt that her sister's expression was very strange!
Han Liusu stared at her sister and laughed, "Sister, you'll know in a while."
"Know what?" The purple-robed woman asked curiously.
Han Liusu didn't explain.
If Luo Zheng could kill Qin Tianze, it would be the best thing that could happen. It would save them a lot of trouble and cut off her innocent sister's thoughts!
The two sisters had been fighting ever since they entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
Although the Qin Family was comparable to the Han Family, Han Liusu had heard of Young Master Qin's evil reputation.
The Qin and Han Families had been married for generations, but Han Liusu didn't want to entrust her sister to Qin Tianze. There were so many geniuses in the Qin Family, and any one of them was more reliable than this guy.
When Qin Tianze saw that Luo Zheng still didn't move, he finally couldn't endure it anymore!
True essence surged from his body, and the thin sword in his hand was raised. His killing intent had been activated, and he didn't have the slightest bit of mercy!
The speed of his sword was extremely fast, and the sword stabbed out smoothly like flowing water!
At the same time, the surrounding Heaven Earth Yuan Qi also began to surge wildly. Even the black water below them also began to ripple …
"Whoosh!"
In the blink of an eye, the sword was in front of Luo Zheng.
Unfortunately, Qin Tianze had underestimated Luo Zheng.
If Qin Tianze knew of Luo Zheng's strength, he wouldn't have underestimated him. He would've only used his true essence to form a sword and attacked with the Essence Condensation Movement Technique.
He would've used the grandmist artifact in his hand and used the Great Ambition Art to fight against Luo Zheng with his strongest power!
Of course, if he knew of Luo Zheng's performance in the Mountain Crushing Tribe, he would've turned around and left. Why would he choose to fight against Luo Zheng?
The key point was that Luo Zhengying's Ultimate Divine Realm cultivation was too confusing. To him, such an opponent could be killed with a single sword strike. Even if he were to display his current strength, it would be more than enough to kill Luo Zhengying.
This kind of contempt brought him a painful price!
When the sword arrived in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng gently waved his hand. His two fingers formed a scissor and his eyes revealed a trace of ridicule!
Two of Luo Zheng's fingers had already clamped down on the sword's body.
At the same time, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. With a flip of his hand, the sword that was as thin as a cicada's wing instantly shattered. Right at the instant that Qin Tianze was unable to react, Luo Zheng's other hand had suddenly stretched out and grabbed Qin Tianze's neck!
Then, Luo Zheng pressed down hard and pressed Qin Tianze's head onto the platform!
Just like that, Luo Zheng sprinted forward. Qin Tianze's handsome face rubbed against the platform all the way!
When the Tianqiong Clan built these platforms, they naturally took into consideration the sturdiness of the platforms. Luo Zheng also didn't use the power of nine stars. Under this rubbing, a shocking bloodstain was left on the platform!
This bloodstain was like a brush heavily drawing a line on the platform. The bright red color was extremely rich!
The group of warriors on the platform originally had the mentality of watching a good show and had faint smiles on their faces. However, at this moment, those faint smiles froze on their faces. Everyone was like a statue, not moving at all. How could they have imagined that Qin Tianze would be so weak in the hands of this Extreme God Realm secondary life form?
Luo Zheng pressed down on Qin Tianze and rushed all the way to the edge of the platform. Some of the warriors in the middle saw this and hurriedly moved aside. One of the warriors from other clans couldn't dodge in time and was directly hit by Luo Zheng. His entire body deflated like a sandbag and fell into the black water beside him!
However, just as that warrior fell into the black water, Luo Zheng also kicked out. Qin Tianze was also kicked into the black water by Luo Zheng …
This black water was formed from true essence. In fact, it was a true essence sea!
A saint's true essence sea had almost solidified on a large scale and turned into all things in this world. The true sea had already disappeared. Only the Tianqiong Clan had these true essence seas and could form tides at the same time.
There wasn't any danger falling into it, but everyone clearly saw that before Young Master Qin fell into the true essence sea, his face was already badly mutilated!
"You!"
The first to react was Han Liusu's sister!
Since entering the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, she had met Qin Tianze by chance. Along the way, she had flattered him in every possible way and used all kinds of flowery words. Since it was her first time out, she could be considered to have fallen deeply into it.
At first, Han Liusu insisted on keeping her by her side. However, her sister didn't listen to Han Liusu at all. In the end, she stayed in the Tianqiong Clan to cultivate.
Who knew that halfway through her cultivation, her sister would rush over and suddenly bring a man who came out of nowhere!
This man seemed to be a second-level life form … a second-level life form was still so arrogant. It was only right for Qin Tianze to teach him a lesson.
After all, this girl was young and didn't have much experience. She loved the house and its crow, so she saw Qin Tianze as her lover.
She didn't expect that in the blink of an eye, Qin Tianze would be kicked into the black water in such a humiliating way. This immediately angered her!
Under her fairy dress, a light green halo spread out and she was about to attack Luo Zheng.
But before she could use it, she suddenly felt her inner world being sealed. She couldn't communicate with it at all. Turning her head, she saw a seal in Han Liusu's hand …
"You …"
In her anxiety, she frowned coldly.
"You watch." Han Liusu shrugged and pointed to the other side of the platform with her mouth.
When Luo Zheng kicked Qin Tianze into the black water, the other martial artists also began to attack.
These foreign martial artists from the Realm of the Gods were almost all people with power and influence. According to seniority and the size of their family's influence, it was easy for them to form groups.
Qin Tianze's status could be considered one of the top few, so how could the others tolerate Luo Zheng?
But Luo Zheng's strength had risen sharply this time. In addition, the strength of his mortal body had greatly increased. Not to mention these Divine Transformation realm martial artists, he didn't even place the Sky Vault Clan in his eyes!
When they attacked him as a group, the result could only be described as tragic.
Luo Zheng's figure constantly flickered. Every time he approached a martial artist, no matter what kind of weapon they used, he would break it with a finger and then punch out!
He was like a ghost and as fast as lightning.
Then, the weapon would break and the martial artist would be kicked into the black water. Under the tremendous impact of the impact, the martial artist would be heavily injured.
These two simple moves had been tested time and time again!
Plop! Plop! Plop …
With the sound of bodies falling into the water, nearly half of the martial artists on the platform disappeared in the blink of an eye. Luo Zheng had indeed kicked 20-30 martial artists!
"I, I didn't attack …"
In the end, Luo Zheng approached a fat martial artist. Hearing this, Luo Zheng's fist finally stopped in front of him.
The fat man smiled innocently. Just as he was about to make a move, Luo Zheng's fist suddenly exerted force, causing the fat man to fall into the black water along with the golden axe on his back ….
At this moment, Luo Zheng turned around and glanced at the foreign martial artists present. He said indifferently, "I'm not so cruel as to cut off your legs. But do you want to get lost on your own? Or do you want me to send you away? "
The scene fell into silence again.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had long admitted that Luo Zheng was a monster because the broken sword in his hand had told him so. However, he didn't expect that he had still underestimated this guy …
Ji Luoxue and Ku Deng were ready to attack.
However, before they could do anything, Luo Zheng had already solved everything in front of him at an extremely fast speed.
It was hard to describe their feelings at this moment!
Ji Luoxue and Ku Deng had entered the Holy Land of Cultivation very quickly. After absorbing the Beginning and End Zhen Yuan, they felt that they had made great progress. But now, after seeing Luo Zheng's performance, their confidence, which had been slightly inflated, was severely damaged.
Luo Zheng's speed of progress was unimaginably fast.
However, they still had worries in their hearts.
Luo Zheng was sweeping away these foreign martial artists, but the Sky Dome Clan wouldn't just sit and watch. He had no power or influence in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. How could the Sky Dome Clan tolerate Luo Zheng's behavior here?
If the Sky Dome Clan blamed him, how could Luo Zheng deal with it? No matter how powerful he was, he couldn't fight against the Sky Dome Clan, right?

Chapter 1523
Luo Zheng had no interest in taking over this platform. The Beginning and End Vital Energy might be very magical and not much different from the origin of power, but it was meaningless to him.
He had no reason to help Han Liusu, not to mention that Han Liusu had provoked him on purpose.
However, this Young Master Qin was too aggressive, and he had dragged Ji Luoxue and the others into the conflict. Luo Zheng had no choice but to take action.
The other warriors on the platform were silent for a while, their faces filled with unwillingness.
Even in the God Realm, this group of people was very arrogant and domineering.
To them, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was just an ordinary starting point. They had never thought that there would be such arrogant secondary creatures in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
They could temporarily stop absorbing the Beginning and End Vital Energy, but if they left like this, they would lose face. Being chased away by a secondary creature was a great humiliation. In the future, when this matter spread to the God Realm, it would become the biggest joke.
However, they had no choice.
For someone like Qin Tianze, encountering Luo Zheng, it was like chopping vegetables. They were no match for Luo Zheng.
After a few breaths of silence, the first warrior left the platform with a face full of humiliation.
With the first person taking the lead, there was soon a second, and a third …
In the blink of an eye, all the warriors on the platform had left. Only Luo Zheng, Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, and the two sisters of Han Jia were left.
At this moment, Luo Zheng turned his head, stared at Han Liusu and her sister, and said, "You two leave too."
Han Liusu heard this and was slightly surprised, "Why are you chasing me away?"
Her younger sister looked at her elder sister helplessly. She didn't expect that the thug that her elder sister found would chase her and her elder sister away.
"This started because of you, but since this platform was taken by me, I can decide who stays," Luo Zheng said coldly.
"I'm not leaving," Han Liusu pouted. She didn't care about these black crystals, but she had just lured Luo Zheng to teach Qin Tianze a lesson. If Luo Zheng wanted to chase her away, she naturally felt embarrassed.
"Brother Luo Zheng, there's nothing to be afraid of even if there are two more people. This platform has already refined enough Zhenyuan." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao stopped him.
They had witnessed the entire process. Although they didn't know the relationship between Han Liusu and Qin Tianze, they could roughly guess from their conversation. Most importantly, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao knew about Han Jia's status in the Domain of the Gods through the broken sword in her hand.
Luo Zheng had already offended Qin Tianze, but this Han Jia's daughter seemed to be close to Luo Zheng. No matter what their relationship was, he couldn't offend Han Jia for no reason …
"This Luo Zheng's talent is extraordinary. Even if he enters the Domain of the Gods, he'll still be a rare talent. Unfortunately, his EQ is really low. It's better to persuade him," the broken sword communicated with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
Luo Zheng didn't want to leave the two girls here. After Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao finished speaking, Luo Zheng was about to refute her when a voice suddenly came from the sky.
"Private fights are prohibited here. Violators will be chased out! Who was causing trouble here just now?! "
As the voice came, the wind and clouds surged. A group of people appeared in the sky, led by Jing Xuan of the Sky Vault Clan.
After Luo Zheng chased away all the Domain of the Gods warriors, the Sky Vault Clan finally showed up …
Jing Xuan circled in the air for a while, then led six Sky Vault Clan members to the platform where Luo Zheng was. He raised a pair of sword-like eyebrows and asked Luo Zheng, "Who was causing trouble here just now?! Don't you know the rules of the Sky Vault Clan? "
Luo Zheng sneered when he saw this guy's confident expression. He stared at the man.
Qin Tianze was about to kill someone, but after greeting Jing Xuan, he didn't say anything. Now, these guys were either kicked into the black water or chased away by him. These guys were starting to show up and talk about the rules.
Such differential treatment was really unbelievably thick-skinned.
"If you had ears, you would know that Qin guy was about to attack. Could it be that your memory is bad and you forgot what he said to you?" Luo Zheng sneered.
Jing Xuan's expression didn't change at all. The Sky Vault Clan had received a lot of favors from the Qin Family. Since he chose to show up, he naturally had to side with this group of Domain of the Gods warriors. As for this second-level creature in front of him, who knew where he came from?
"Lord Jing Xuan, it was that guy who kicked us into the black water!" a Domain of the Gods warrior shouted.
After those warriors were kicked into the black water by Luo Zheng, they floated out and climbed onto another platform. But for some reason, that Qin Tianze didn't float up …
Jing Xuan was waiting for this sentence. Why would he listen to Luo Zheng's explanation? He put on an act and said, "It really is you! Nothing can be accomplished without rules. Since you broke the rules of the Sky Vault Clan, you will leave the Sky Vault Clan of your own accord, or I will chase you out! "
As soon as these words came out, Ji Luoxue and the others felt their hearts tighten again …
It wasn't a big problem to provoke those Domain of the Gods warriors. They were like themselves, also foreign warriors.
But these guys in front of them were from the Sky Vault Clan, and this place was their headquarters!
No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to defy the orders of the Sky Vault Clan, right?
Even if Luo Zheng could defeat these guys from the Sky Vault Clan, how could Luo Zheng resist the real experts of the Sky Vault Clan?
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao sighed silently. He had already expected this. This was the biggest problem!
"Humph, with the Sky Vault Clan stepping in, let's see how long this brat can be rampant!"
"So don't fight with these Domain of the Gods warriors. There are several examples before. Even if you win, you will still be chased out!"
"What's more frightening is that Luo Zheng offended these guys. Once he leaves the Sky Vault Clan, he will be hunted down by the Qin Clan. The Qin Clan's influence in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement is not small!"
As the bystanders discussed, most of them were gloating.
In fact, when Luo Zheng started to fight, many people felt very happy. After all, they had more or less been bullied by these Domain of the Gods warriors.
But when they saw Luo Zheng help Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and the others monopolize a platform, they immediately lost balance in their hearts!
People's hearts were like this. If they didn't have the strength to obtain it, they would always hope that others wouldn't be able to obtain it.
"Rules?" Luo Zheng chuckled. "So when these Domain of the Gods warriors fight, it doesn't count as breaking the rules, but when we fight, it counts as breaking the rules?"
Jing Xuan glanced sideways at Luo Zheng and sneered. "Say what you will!"
He was sure that Luo Zheng would not dare to fight with him, so he did not intend to argue with him.
The consequence of fighting with foreign warriors was being chased out of the Sky Vault Clan. If he dared to fight with the Sky Vault Clan, he would be courting death. As long as this guy was not tired of living, he would never dare to fight with him!
This was the Sky Vault Clan's territory!
"Haha, I don't know which idiot of the Sky Vault Clan made such a crappy rule." As Luo Zheng spoke, he slowly walked toward Jing Xuan. "If you want me to follow such a rule, wouldn't I be an idiot too?"
As he watched Luo Zheng slowly walk toward him, the killing intent in his eyes gradually thickened. Jing Xuan also felt a trace of panic in his heart. Did this guy really dare to fight with him?
Jing Xuan's strength was not outstanding in the Sky Vault Clan. His cultivation was comparable to the Divine Transformation Realm martial artists cultivating here. Just now, when he was hiding on the side, he had witnessed Luo Zheng's divine might. He was absolutely not Luo Zheng's match. What he relied on was the Sky Vault Clan!
But he did not expect that this guy would not put the Sky Vault Clan in his eyes at all.
Everyone in the Sky Vault Clan knew about the Mountain-Crushing Clan's visit. However, the Sky Vault Clan had a strict hierarchy. They did not know that Luo Zheng had come with the Mountain-Crushing Clan, nor did they know that Luo Zheng was the "Fire Reprimand".
He also did not know that Luo Zheng had embarrassed their Sky Vault Clan's Patriarch, Gong Yu, yesterday.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not have any scruples when facing an existence like Jing Xuan!
Seeing Luo Zheng approaching step by step, the aura he emitted became stronger and stronger. Jing Xuan's face revealed a panicked expression. Two of the Sky Vault Clan members even began to retreat …
"Y-you, this is the Sky Vault Clan. Those who don't follow the rules will …" Jing Xuan's confidence was lacking and his voice stuttered. He regretted it in his heart. If he had known earlier, he would have asked the clan's elders to come here!
"Expel them? How many times have you said that?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Then let's see if you have the ability to do so!"
As soon as his voice fell, Luo Zheng suddenly sped up and took the initiative to attack!
This group of Sky Vault Clan members had arrived aggressively, but now they spread their wings and flew away, scattering like birds and beasts.

Chapter 1524
After the Sky Vault Clan members rushed into the sky, streams of black Vital Essence emerged and condensed into black javelins that shot toward Luo Zheng!
The Sky Vault Clan's use of Vital Essence seemed to still be at the level of "visualization," but they had pushed visualization to the extreme.
Although these javelins were sharp, it was not easy for them to hurt Luo Zheng!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Those black javelins fell like raindrops. Faced with this rain-like attack, Luo Zheng's fist radiance flickered, accompanied by bursting sounds, and all the javelins that came close to Luo Zheng exploded in an instant!
Seeing that Jing Xuan on the ground still wanted to resist, Luo Zheng kicked out and twisted his hand. Like an eagle catching a chick, he pinched Jing Xuan's wings in his hand and used him as a shield in front of himself.
The Sky Vault Clan members did not dare to throw any more javelins. They scowled coldly and immediately started cursing again.
"No one dares to start a fight in the Sky Vault Clan!"
"Put Jing Xuan down. This is a capital offense!"
"It's not too late to kneel and beg for mercy. The Sky Vault Clan does not like to kill. We can dig out your eyes and atone for your crimes in the dungeon for a hundred years. You still have a chance to live. Don't make a mistake!"
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng could not help but roll his eyes.
The Sky Vault Clan's civilization was not developed very well. He did not know who they had learned these words from, but they came out of their mouths so easily, making him quite speechless.
To others, these threats might be quite effective, but Luo Zheng only found them funny. "They're right. They're right.
"They're right. If you let me go now, you still have a chance to live. If you're too late, no one will be able to save you. You know where you are," Jing Xuan said coldly. The people of the Sky Dome Clan were arrogant. Having one's wings grabbed from the back was like having one's face stepped on by a foot. This was a rather taboo action. Jing Xuan wanted nothing more than to skin Luo Zheng alive. However, his life was in the hands of this person, so he didn't dare to act rashly.
"Is that so? I just want to see who is qualified to take my life, "Luo Zheng said with a smile.
The Sky Vault Clan members in the sky realized that their threats had no effect at all. They exchanged glances and finally thought of calling for reinforcements …
The hearts of Ji Luoxue and the others were still hanging in the air.
How would Luo Zheng deal with the mighty figures of the Mountain-Crushing Clan when they came later?
But they still had hope when they saw Luo Zheng's calm expression. This guy had always been unexpected. Could it be that he had other trump cards up his sleeve?
Not long after, another group of people from the Sky Vault Clan shot over. When they saw Jing Xuan in Luo Zheng's hand, they didn't act rashly and just stood guard in the air.
Gradually, more and more Firmament Clan members gathered in the sky, but none of them recognized Luo Zheng. They only thought that Luo Zheng was some foreign martial artist who did not know the immensity of heaven and earth.
Whoosh!
At this moment, a piercing sound suddenly rang out, causing everyone's ears to go numb.
That figure left a trail of light in the air. Without any pause, he charged straight at Luo Zheng!
"Let go of my son!"
With a roar filled with anger, the man's wings flapped and a blood-red spear appeared in his hands. The spear was a visualization item, and when he thrust it forward, the spear extended like crazy and headed straight for Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng could have used Jing Xuan as his shield, but he did not do so. His expression was calm as he quietly activated his power!
Luo Zheng had already determined the opponent's strength. He could be considered a top expert of the Sky Vault Clan. In the Mountain-Crushing Clan, he could join the Divine Hunters.
Luo Zheng's physical body and Dao Platform were not enough to resist him. When Luo Zheng pointed at his opponent, a formless power appeared on his fingertips. That power was drawn from the Nine Stars!
The moment his fingertips touched the tip of the spear!
The man's expression changed drastically. He felt an irresistible power coming from the tip of the spear. His hands could not hold it at all!
Swoosh!
The spear flew out of his hand and split into Vital Essence in the air!
Seeing this scene, the eyes of many Sky Vault Clan members in the air almost popped out of their sockets.
After Jing Xuan was captured by Luo Zheng, these Sky Vault Clan members split up to call for reinforcements.
Even though Luo Zheng was causing a ruckus, they did not inform the higher-ups of the Sky Vault Clan. Luo Zheng did not have the qualifications to alarm them …
One of them went to inform Jing Xuan's father, one of the elders of the Mountain-Crushing Clan, Jing Chen.
Jing Chen's strength could be ranked in the top ten of the Sky Vault Clan. His strength was naturally not to be underestimated. After waiting for a long time, Jing Xuan's father finally came. They also felt that this farce was coming to an end. That savage brat on the platform would face the most severe punishment from the Sky Vault Clan.
Everyone was waiting to watch a good show.
They never expected that the guy below would not dodge. Instead, he would fight head-on and use a finger to welcome the spear!
Just this one finger had broken Jing Chen's Visualization Spear …
They suddenly realized that they thought too simply of Luo Zheng. Who sent this guy to cause trouble for the Sky Vault Clan?
But even if he wanted to cause trouble, it was impossible for him to barge into the Sky Vault Clan's territory so brazenly. No matter how powerful he was, he could not be a match for a clan. Besides, it was meaningless to cause trouble for them!
As an elder of the Sky Vault Clan, Jing Chen should have attended the Mountain-Crushing Clan's visit yesterday.
But recently, the Qin Clan sent over a True Form Wonder Technique. This technique's understanding of Vital Essence was refreshing, so he chose to go into seclusion for a month. Therefore, he did not see Luo Zheng!
"Brat, tell me your name! I'll let you die a quick death! " Jing Chen saw that his son's wings were pinched and could not move. It was as if he was pinching a rooster. The anger in his heart overflowed.
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. Compared to the Sky Vault Clan, the Mountain-Crushing Clan's character was really good. The Sky Vault Clan looked beautiful and had a pair of pure white wings, but they were all unreasonable and domineering. They were all clans born in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Why was there such a big difference?
Luo Zheng did not answer. Jing Chen had lost his patience. He waved his hands and streaks of black Vital Essence gushed out from his body, forming mysterious patterns. Each streak of Vital Essence turned into a strange Mysterious Crystal, revolving around Jing Chen.
The crystals were white and flawless, and they contained the supreme power of the Great Dao. As they continued to combine, they formed a huge array.
A martial artist below saw this scene and murmured, "Formless Divine Dao …"
The Sky Vault Clan members could not become Dao Disciples, but they could cultivate the techniques of the 3,000 Divine Daos. These techniques of the Sky Vault Clan were naturally passed down by the people of the God Realm. Among them, most of the techniques were given by the Qin and Qin Clans. Therefore, the disciples of the two clans often received special treatment in the Sky Vault Clan.
After that person finished speaking, he slapped his head and shouted, "Run!"
The foreign martial artists below felt something was wrong. When this guy exerted his full strength, his power was comparable to that of a Celestial Master. Moreover, the range of this kind of Vital Essence technique was very wide. If they stayed here, they would inevitably be implicated …
Therefore, all the martial artists rose into the air, trying to escape.
However, at this moment, a large group of Sky Vault Clan members rushed over from not far away …
One of them said faintly, "Jing Chen, stop!"
Although the voice came from far away, it was transmitted by Vital Essence and resounded in everyone's ears.
In a rage, Jing Chen would not stop easily no matter who tried to persuade him. However, he could not ignore this person's words because it was the leader of the Sky Vault Clan, Gong Yu!
"Leader!"
Jing Chen glared at Luo Zheng unwillingly. He could only let this guy live a little longer.
Seeing that all the higher-ups of the Sky Vault Clan had arrived, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Ku Deng, and Ji Luoxue felt a burst of bitterness. This time, Luo Zheng was doomed. Perhaps they would also be unlucky.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
Under Gong Yu's lead, this group of people, including Thunder Toad and members of the Mountain-Crushing Clan, landed on the platform.
At this moment, except for Han Liusu, almost everyone thought that Luo Zheng was doomed.
Even Jing Chen himself thought so!
However, Gong Yu's behavior made Jing Chen feel that something was very wrong!
"Young friend Luo Zheng, why didn't you inform me in advance that you were going to cultivate in my Tide's Surge? Why did you make such a big fuss? "Gong Yu asked faintly.
Jing Chen's expression was quite interesting at this moment. He could not figure out who on earth Luo Zheng was to make the leader so respectful.
Not only him, but also Jing Xuan, who had been captured by Luo Zheng, was completely dumbfounded when he looked at his father …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1525
Since Gong Yu was here, Luo Zheng snorted coldly and threw Jing Xuan several feet away. Then he said, "You Sky Vault Clan have such strict rules. Ask him yourself!"
Luo Zheng had used a hidden force when he threw Jing Xuan. Jing Xuan wanted to jump into the air after he landed, but when he stood up, he rolled a few times. Naturally, he looked very embarrassed.
"You're courting death!" Jing Xuan's father, Jing Chen, was very angry when he saw his son being thrown out like a dead dog. He was about to attack again.
"Jing Chen," Gong Yu reminded him coldly.
Jing Chen was not a fool. He knew Gong Yu's character very well. Someone who could make Gong Yu so polite must have a very important background …
However, it was hard for Jing Chen to figure out Luo Zheng's identity. After all, even the so-called "Fire Reprimand" could not make Gong Yu so polite!
In the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the six major clans did not show any respect to outsiders. After all, this was the territory of the six major clans. Even people like Qin Tianze had to put in a lot of effort to be taken care of by the Sky Vault Clan.
He was curious. What was the background of this Luo Zheng?
After Jing Xuan got up, Gong Yu said, "Jing Xuan, tell me what happened. How did you offend our distinguished guest?"
The words "distinguished guest" made Jing Chen, Jing Xuan, and the others' hearts sink. Even the warriors from the Realm of the Gods were stunned.
This group of warriors from the Realm of the Gods used all kinds of methods to please the Sky Vault Clan every year, but they did not become the "distinguished guest" mentioned by Gong Yu. This Luo Zheng was just a second-level creature. How could he become a distinguished guest?
They were also speechless at this moment.
Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao behind Luo Zheng looked at each other again and saw the shock in each other's eyes.
They had been worried about Luo Zheng and the revenge of the Sky Vault Clan. Now, this worry disappeared. This was the leader of the Sky Vault Clan, Gong Yu!
What did Luo Zheng do to make the leader of the Sky Vault Clan be so polite to him?
Ji Luoxue could not help but sigh in his heart. He had worked so hard to achieve this. He had entered the Sky Vault Clan in a limited time and absorbed the vital essence. Originally, he had been happy about his speed and luck. But compared to Luo Zheng, it was a joke!
In the Illusory Battlefield, Ji Luoxue had been defeated by his subordinates. Maybe he had been defeated. But now, Ji had been defeated. They were all Daoists. There was always room for improvement in their strength.
What Ku Deng and Dugu Jian were thinking was almost the same as what Ji Luoxue was thinking.
Jing Xuan was not willing to tell the truth. After being thrown by Luo Zheng, his Qi and blood were surging, and his Inner World was surging. He felt very uncomfortable. He said, "Leader, I just followed the rules of the clan and forbade this group of warriors to fight. Luo Zheng fought with others in the territory of the Surge of Tides. I should stop him and expel him from the Sky Vault Clan. I didn't expect that he would attack me as soon as he arrived …"
Hearing his son's defense, Jing Chen naturally added fuel to the fire. "My son was just following the rules of the clan. He did not do anything wrong. I hope the leader can uphold justice and bring this man to justice!"
Gong Yu frowned. He did not believe Jing Xuan's one-sided story. He looked at Luo Zheng again and asked, "Little friend Luo Zheng, is Jing Xuan telling the truth?"
The warriors present had seen the whole process. Naturally, they knew that Jing Xuan was lying. They also understood that Gong Yu's attitude was biased toward Luo Zheng. Or rather, Gong Yu did not want to offend Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng explained himself and confronted Luo Zheng face to face, Jing Xuan and Jing Chen would not be able to do anything to Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng looked at Jing Xuan and laughed. His eyes showed a touch of madness. "Hahaha, you're right. It's exactly as Jing Xuan said. How does Leader Gong want to deal with this?"
Luo Zheng openly admitted to Jing Xuan's lies. Everyone present was stunned again.
"Is there something wrong with Luo Zheng's head?"
"He didn't defend himself. Instead, he admitted it!"
"I don't know what this guy is thinking …"
In their opinion, Luo Zheng's reasoning was reasonable. Jing Xuan's favoritism towards the Realm of the Gods was something they were well aware of. It was an open secret in the Sky Vault Clan. Everyone, including Gong Yu, knew about it. Some of the rules were even set by Gong Yu!
With Gong Yu's intelligence network, how could he not know that Jing Xuan was lying?
In this Surge of Tides, there were only a few trivial things that happened back and forth. It was easy to understand …
He had asked Luo Zheng to give Luo Zheng a chance to defend himself. If he gave him a reason, everyone would take advantage of the situation. He would then symbolically punish Jing Xuan, and this matter would be over.
He never imagined that Luo Zheng would not argue. Instead, he openly admitted to it.
"Chuyue, do you see? This kind of man is a thousand times better than that Qin Tianze. Elder sister just wants you to see that there are many good men in this world, but that Qin Tianze is just a clown!" Han Liusu suddenly opened her mouth and said.
The purple-robed woman, Han Liusu's younger sister, was called Han Chuyue.
At this moment, her eyes were wide open. She didn't understand what Luo Zheng was doing. She forgot about her conflict with her sister and asked foolishly, "Why did he agree with Jing Xuan?"
Han Liusu smiled. "Because he doesn't care."
"Doesn't care about what?" Han Chuyue asked again.
"He doesn't care about whether he's right or not, so he doesn't need to admit it. Because regardless of whether he's right or not, Gong Yu won't pursue it." Han Liusu smiled. "The so-called right is just a line drawn by the strong for the weak. The weak will be drawn into it, and the strong … will ignore it!"
Han Chuyue's thoughts were much simpler than Han Liusu's. She was still at the age of puberty. She didn't understand everything Han Liusu said, but she understood a lot. Now, she had to re-evaluate the young man not far away.
To put it simply, Luo Zheng was telling Jing Xuan, "Yes, I bullied you. I didn't follow the rules. What can you do about it?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Gong Yu cursed in his heart. He cursed Luo Zheng to be struck to death by lightning when he went out.
This guy just had to put him in a difficult position!
"How dare you. Since you dared to take responsibility for your actions, do you want to end your own life, or do you want me to do it myself?" Jing Chen didn't think so much. Anyway, Luo Zheng had already admitted it. This guy was looking for death, so Jing Chen was naturally happy to send him on his way.
Jing Chen's behavior only made Gong Yu even more embarrassed. Gong Yu was looking for a reason to let Luo Zheng go. It would be best if he could stabilize the dignity and rules of the Sky Vault Clan without causing any discomfort to Luo Zheng, because he was destined not to touch Luo Zheng.
Unfortunately, Jing Chen was still adding fuel to the fire. Gong Yu was helpless in his heart. He could only say with a gloomy face, "Jing Chen, take your son and get out of the Surge of Tides!"
"Why, why …" Jing Chen stared at Gong Yu in disbelief. In any case, he was an elder of the Sky Vault Clan!
"Jing Chen, the leader wants you to leave, so just leave. We'll talk later," someone beside Gong Yu advised.
Seeing several elders giving him meaningful looks, Jing Chen finally realized that this matter wasn't simple. He gritted his teeth and turned back to glare fiercely at Luo Zheng. He wished his gaze could turn into a knife and cut Luo Zheng into pieces. Then he grabbed Jing Xuan, raised his wings, and flew away.
Gong Yu was in a dilemma. He even wanted to grit his teeth and leave, but there was no shortage of scheming people in this world.
At this moment, a foreign warrior suddenly jumped out and cupped his hands toward Gong Yu. "Leader! Just now, I witnessed the entire process. It was Young Master Qin who provoked Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng retaliated in anger! Jing Xuan was partial to Young Master Qin, so he had a conflict with Luo Zheng … "
After hearing this explanation, Gong Yu couldn't help but nod. His expression also calmed down. "I see. This matter was Jing Xuan's fault. Little friend Luo Zheng has been wronged! I'll punish him later! "
Luo Zheng didn't cause any more trouble. Gong Yu had been partial and accommodating from beginning to end. Besides, Gong Yu wasn't the one in the wrong. If he continued to cause trouble, he would be aggressive.
This disturbance was over. Before Gong Yu prepared to leave with his people, he turned back and asked, "What's your name?" He was asking the warrior who had jumped out to reconstruct the whole process.
"My name is Han Ping!" That person was surprised and delighted. He cupped his hands and smiled.
The foreign warriors in the Surge of Tides immediately regretted their actions. They had all witnessed the entire process, but only Han Ping had jumped out at the critical moment. He had seen through Gong Yu's intentions and helped Gong Yu out of the predicament. In the future, Han Ping would definitely receive a lot of care from the Sky Dome Clan.

Chapter 1526
Luo Zheng had kicked many Divine Realm martial artists into the black water. After they fell into the water, they quickly moved to other platforms …
But, there was one person that didn't appear. That was the first person to fall into the water, Qin Tianze!
Qin Tianze's personality was originally incomparably vicious. Moreover, he was a martial artist that came from a large influence. His face was more important than the heavens.
This time, he had suffered a great loss at the hands of Luo Zheng. His face had been pressed to the ground by Luo Zheng. Besides wanting Luo Zheng to die, there was no other request in his heart!
As the black water wildly surged, some martial artists shouted out, "The tide is coming again! Everyone, prepare to refine it!"
Here, the tide only surged seven times a day. Each time was incomparably precious to a martial artist. It wasn't easy for them to enter this place, so they naturally wouldn't let go of any opportunity.
However, there were also martial artists that were puzzled. This tide should be all of the black water surging at the same time, so why was there only one side of the central platform surging?
"It doesn't seem like the tide is surging. There must be something beneath the black water!"
A giant vortex appeared in the black water and began to crazily sink in. It was like there was a monster opening its maw and sucking in the black water. The water level at the center of the vortex was a full 10 feet lower than the edges!
Huala!
A waterspout suddenly appeared in the center of the vortex, shooting straight into the skies. And atop this waterspout was a martial artist. It was Qin Tianze!
Qin Tianze was pressed to the ground by Luo Zheng. Half of his face was covered in blood and flesh, and there were even some places where his bones could be seen. In addition to his current expression, he looked extremely fierce!
"Mm?" Gong Yu, who was planning to leave, turned back and saw this scene. "That Qin Family Young Master?"
"It looks like his anger isn't light. I fear he's about to go all out. Should we stop him?" Someone beside Gong Yu asked.
Gong Yu waved his hand and shook his head. "Let's wait and see …"
Currently, Gong Yu didn't have a complete understanding of Luo Zheng's strength. But, this boy was able to block his fire serpent and didn't seem to be struggling at all. He indeed had the qualifications to enter the Mountain Shattering Clan's Divine Hunter Squad. And, his status in the Divine Hunter Squad was equal to an Elder of the Sky Vault Clan.
If Luo Zheng really had this strength, then the Divine Transformation realm Sir Qin shouldn't be Luo Zheng's match.
At this moment, the young master of the Qin Clan angrily made a move. He was able to assess Luo Zheng's strength, but if Qin Tianze was not his match, he would be in for a bad time …
The Qin Family would definitely get involved with the Sky Vault Clan because of this matter, but Gong Yu did not care.
The races of the Six Great Cultivation Sacred Grounds were all confident because this was the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Only others would beg them, they didn't need to beg others.
"Me! Qin Tianze made a great wish! In the name of my life, in the name of my heart's devil, I swear to destroy everything before me. Grandmist artifact, heed my command! "
Qin Tianze shouted as he soared into the sky. Then, he began to use the Great Wish Technique.
The Great Wish Art was also one of the Three Thousand Divine Daos. Moreover, it was the most widespread Divine Dao.
Because cultivating this Divine Dao didn't conflict with other Divine Daos. Conversely, the Grand Aspiration Art was something one could rely on. When one faced a life and death crisis, utilizing the Grand Aspiration Art would allow one's strength to multiply!
Thus, although He Zuowei's cultivation was only at the World Overlord realm, he could use the Great Wish Art to temporarily block the Formless Heavenly Centipede!
Of course, everything had its pros and cons. The more one obtained, the greater the restrictions. This was the principle of equivalent exchange. If the Great Wish Art was not enough to defeat the other party, then in this life, one would have to face the process of repaying the wish.
If this wish was not repaid, then it would be difficult for one's cultivation to improve in this life.
After He Zuowei and the others saved Han Liusu, they didn't have the strength to kill the Formless Heavenly Centipede. This was a considerable hidden danger to them, but for the Eldest Princess, they had to pay this price.
Now that Qin Tianze was in a violent rage, how could he think too much?
As soon as he executed the Great Ambition Art, a grandmist artifact artifact hanging from his chest was activated!
It was a gray bead. It was like a water droplet, sparkling and translucent. It was round and smooth.
"Screech!"
The moment this bead was activated, a loud and sonorous sound suddenly resounded through the sky!
All the clansmen on the tower in the entire Sky Dome Clan heard this scream at the same time. Nervous expressions appeared on all the clansmen's faces, including Gong Yu and the various Elders of the Sky Dome Clan!
This kind of fear came from their innate instinct. No matter how powerful the Sky Dome Clan was, they couldn't avoid it.
The Sky Dome Clan's bloodline was fused with the bloodlines of several kinds of divine birds, and Qin Tianze's bead was sealed with the blood essence of a Black Vulture Wu. The Black Vulture Wu was also a true spirit of the Divine Realm and could be called the Lord of All Birds.
In the nearly endless deep space of the Divine Realm, there were countless powerful vicious birds, including mythological beasts such as the Kunpeng and Phoenix, but the peak of all birds was undoubtedly the Black Vulture Wu! It was the ultimate of all birds!
Therefore, when this Black Vulture Wu's cry spread, the Sky Dome Clan felt a strong suppression. All of the Sky Dome Clan's faces were unsightly, but the Mountain Crumbling Clan's people, the foreign clan's cultivators, and Luo Zheng didn't feel this way.
This bead was called the Female Heavenly Bead. Although it was a grandmist treasure, it was a one-time use magic treasure. It was obvious how precious it was!
Qin Tianze was powerless against Luo Zheng. The strength that Luo Zheng had just displayed was not something that he could contend against.
However, Qin Tianze, who was born in a prestigious family, still had a lot of tricks up his sleeve …
When he was bestowed this Female Heavenly Bead, he was repeatedly warned by his clansmen that he could only use this Female Heavenly Bead in desperate situations. It could be seen that this Female Heavenly Bead was a rare item to the Qin Clan. At least, it couldn't be used carelessly.
In today's situation, if Qin Tianze could endure this humiliation and take a step back, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so ruthless.
Unfortunately, Qin Tianze's temperament had never been tempered. Under this humiliation, he no longer had any scruples. He only wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng …
However, he didn't think about whether Gong Yu or Lei Toad would tolerate it.
After that long cry, the Female Heavenly Bead suddenly cracked, and a drop of jade essence flowed out from the bead!
It was like a drop of green ink dripping into water. This jade essence turned into wisps of green liquid and spread out. Then, it shot towards Qin Tianze's forehead!
In an instant, Qin Tianze's entire body was dyed with a green light, and the aura he emitted suddenly increased by a hundred times!
This wasn't Qin Tianze's own aura, but the aura of his true spirit!
"Ah … Qin Tianze is going all out." Han Liusu's face revealed a trace of shock. "Luo Zheng, you better be careful!"
Han Liusu also realized that she had gone a bit too far this time. She knew that Qin Tianze's temperament was perverse, but she didn't expect that he would directly use the Female Heavenly Bead because of this matter. This Female Heavenly Bead was only used at the last moment of life and death. Han Liusu also knew this.
She thought that even if Luo Zheng taught this guy a lesson, he wouldn't really kill him and wouldn't force Qin Tianze into a desperate situation.
However, she forgot that with Qin Tianze's personality, he would do anything if he was forced into a corner. Why would he have any scruples?
"Hahaha, secondary creatures are secondary creatures in the end. No matter how strong you are, it's useless! What do you have to fight with me! I will let you understand what it means to be crushed! " Qin Tianze laughed wildly. He spread his arms and rushed towards Luo Zheng like a roc spreading its wings!
Luo Zheng looked up at Qin Tianze, also secretly shocked in his heart. The richness of the Divine Realm's foundation was indeed not what he could imagine!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, Qin Tianze simply didn't have the qualifications to fight with him. If Qin Tianze fought with Luo Zheng, the only result would be the same as before. He would be beaten to the ground by Luo Zheng …
But now that he had used the bead on his chest, his strength could be described as explosively rising. He might even be much stronger than He Zuowei when he used the Great Wish Art!
And he was only at the Divine Transformation realm!
To be able to rise to such a degree in such a short period of time was unimaginable in the universe …
Of course, this was also because of Qin Tianze's special status. It was impossible for an ordinary divine realm martial artist to have such treatment, nor would they have a Female Heavenly Bead with them.
The group of divine realm martial artists that had been taught a lesson by Luo Zheng smiled once more.
Luo Zheng had finally angered Qin Tianze. The consequences of angering this madman were severe. Seeing that the Sky Vault Clan hadn't moved to protect Luo Zheng, they relaxed. Although Luo Zheng's strength was tyrannical, facing Qin Tianze in his current state, it was impossible for him to win.
But Luo Zheng exceeded their expectations once more. He didn't retreat in the slightest.
As the power of the Nine Stars crazily gushed out, Qin Tianze instead shot up and rushed forwards!

Chapter 1527
Luo Zheng wasn't really afraid of breaking the platform beneath his feet.
It was just that Luo Zheng's current strength was completely dependent on the power of nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, so it wasn't suitable for long-distance battles.
If Qin Tianze relied on nimble movement techniques to launch long-distance attacks at him, Luo Zheng probably wouldn't be able to gain an advantage.
Fortunately, Qin Tianze's Hollow Sky Pearl seemed to be a strengthening tool, and he actually recklessly pounced at him, which was exactly what Luo Zheng wanted.
Luo Zheng, however, didn't know that Qin Tianze had the same thoughts as Luo Zheng.
This Hollow Sky Pearl could greatly increase his strength and speed in a short period of time. Under such strengthening, he, who was in the Divine Transformation Tier, had the ability to fight against a peak stage Realm Master — there were no Empyrean Venerables in the Divine Realm. Any Realm Master could think of ways to condense a godhood, and there were many ways to obtain a godhood.
Thus, Qin Tianze was also afraid that Luo Zheng would flee or seek protection from the Sky Vault Clan!
The Hollow Sky Pearl's duration was extremely short, only thirty to forty breaths of time. Once Luo Zheng dodged, his strength would rapidly decline, and he would no longer have a chance to turn the tables!
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't intend to dodge, Qin Tianze was overjoyed!
"Since you're in such a hurry to die, don't blame me!"
In addition to this trace of joy, Qin Tianze's heart was also unwilling.
What was a second-level living being? In Qin Tianze's eyes, those second-level living beings were existences that could be killed at any time, not worth mentioning. There were many second-level living beings in the Qin Clan's birthplace, and this group of trash could fight to the death for a few Trial Seals. In Qin Tianze's impression, they weren't even qualified to be on the stage!
Yet this second-level living being in front of him not only required him to use all his strength, but also the Grand Wish Art, and even the Hollow Sky Pearl …
Besides this unwillingness and helplessness, Qin Tianze was left with a deep killing intent. He had to kill Luo Zheng in order to be quick!
The instant the two approached each other, Qin Tianze clenched his teeth, and the green light on his opened hands instantly condensed into a pair of claw shadows. The surface of the claws was covered with wrinkles. These wrinkles were the divine patterns evolved by the True Spirit for countless years. This kind of divine pattern was the highest level of divine patterns, because it could appear on the next generation through bloodline inheritance.
"Die!"
Qin Tianze's eyes widened in anger. In his life, situations like this were extremely rare. After all, many crises didn't require him to take action.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's face was filled with a calm smile..
He continued to extract the power from the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and gathered it in front of Luo Zheng. The powerful power continuously distorted the space, and the way everyone looked at Luo Zheng was also distorted. So, in their eyes, Luo Zheng's entire body was distorted in a strange way, as if he was looking through a mirror, looking very strange.
However, no one thought it was funny. On the contrary, everyone's eyes were solemn …
Previously, Luo Zheng's cultivation was at the pinnacle of the God Tier, and he was unstoppable on this platform, throwing so many Gods and martial artists into the black water was already inconceivable. Now, Luo Zheng's power skyrocketed again, and no one could see his limit at all!
This time, Luo Zheng directly transformed that invisible power into the shape of a shield, holding it in front of him, and collided head-on with Qin Tianze in the sky.
Through that transparent shield of power, Luo Zheng suddenly cracked open the corners of his mouth, revealing a hearty smile!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Qin Tianze didn't have time to be stunned. The sharp claws wrapped around his hands had already collided with Luo Zheng's shield of power.
This pair of sharp claws condensed from green light was condensed from Xuan Mi Wu's blood essence. The sharp claws of this kind of living creature could almost cut through everything. Even the sturdiest Golden Fork Strange Stone of the Mountain Crumbling Clan could be cut into two by him.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, there shouldn't be any substance that could block this pair of sharp claws.
However, the shield of power formed by Luo Zheng's nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier wasn't material at all. It was only an invisible power.
Generally speaking, power could only be displayed to the extreme with the help of a medium.
The most common medium was a martial artist's own physical body and fists … Some Body Refining martial artists used large hammers and battle axes, and these weapons could also be considered as a medium.
However, the part of the Saint's power that Luo Zheng controlled was too powerful. With Luo Zheng's current strength, no matter what medium it was, it couldn't withstand it. If his own physical body withstood it, his physical body would collapse. If he withstood it with a weapon, perhaps even a Primordial Treasure would shatter inch by inch.
He could only unleash his power with the Transmigration Theurgy. Using his power like this was a huge waste, but it was also an act of helplessness. Otherwise, it would be like the power of dragon scales he had before, where he could light up too many dragon scales but was unable to use them at all.
However, even if this power was purely released, it was more than enough to resist Qin Tianze!
"Ga …"
In the instant that those sharp claws reached into this invisible shield, this pair of incredibly sharp claws and Luo Zheng's power intersected, releasing a sharp cutting sound!
The invisible power was like flowing water. When a piece was cut, the power on the side would replenish it …
Therefore, this kind of cutting power couldn't destroy this shield of power at all. On the contrary, under Qin Tianze's control, those sharp claws continuously penetrated deeper into the shield of power, and were instead swallowed by this shield!
This process only lasted for less than half a breath's time.
Qin Tianze's expression suddenly darkened. He watched as the tip of the sharp claws began to bend, and cracks continuously appeared on the surface of the claws!
"This … is impossible!"
After using the Empty Heaven Pearl, his information increased explosively, and he felt that he was an invincible existence.
When a martial artist's strength increased greatly in a short period of time, they would often have this kind of illusion. For example, the group of martial artists from the Collapsing Mountain Race who had just left the Sacred Land of Cultivation after passing the trial would also have their confidence increase explosively …
In this kind of situation, martial artists would often overestimate their own strength, and under this overestimation, they would lose caution, thus making a wrong judgment and choosing the wrong opponent.
Qin Tianze was like this.
If he had enough observation skills and a strong state of mind, he would have chosen to endure and retreat at this moment. He would have been patient enough to crawl and give Luo Zheng a fatal blow at the right time. Only in this way would he have a chance to kill Luo Zheng.
However, his arrogance and prejudice made him lose his mind, and he chose the wrong time to attack Luo Zheng.
"Zi zi zi …"
The strong power contained in that shield of power finally shattered Qin Tianze's sharp claws, turning them into countless green powder and annihilating within it …
When this pair of sharp claws shattered, the green light that enveloped his whole body was like a bubble, instantly bursting and disappearing completely!
That Empty Heaven Pearl was forcibly broken by Luo Zheng, and it was in the most barbaric way possible …
"You can't …"
That Empty Heaven Pearl was Qin Tianze's spiritual pillar, and it was the last resort of the Qin Clan's disciples. Countless Qin Clan disciples had used this method to reverse many life-and-death battles and create many miracles.
Now that the Empty Heaven Pearl was easily broken by Luo Zheng, his spiritual pillar had collapsed. Moreover, he had been played by Luo Zheng in a very embarrassing manner before. At this moment, all the fighting spirit in his heart dissipated completely and was replaced by deep fear.
He didn't think that he would die. He suddenly realized that when he was about to face the Grim Reaper, no one could suppress the fear in his heart!
"You can't kill me!" Qin Tianze subconsciously said this sentence. "I …"
Just as he was about to open his mouth to explain the pros and cons of the situation, Luo Zheng had completely crashed into him …
There was no need for Qin Tianze to speak. Luo Zheng could already guess what this person would say next. He had heard too many such words along the way, and he was too lazy to give Qin Tianze a chance to defend himself.
The moment that shield of power collided with Qin Tianze, an invisible force began to annihilate Qin Tianze's body. If nothing unexpected happened, this person's body would be instantly annihilated by this powerful force. Regardless of whether it was his hair, flesh, bones, or internal organs, they would all be crushed into the tiniest powder by this force!
However, what happened next was completely out of Luo Zheng's expectations!
It seemed that at this moment, the brown wooden ring on Qin Tianze's finger suddenly broke. At the same time, a cloud of smoke suddenly rose from the surface of Qin Tianze's skin and enveloped him. A strong power of the Law of Space came from this smoke, and his entire body disappeared, replaced by a wooden puppet!
This puppet was lifelike and was no different from Qin Tianze, but it was definitely not Qin Tianze himself.
The puppet was instantly crushed into wood dregs by the shield of power and fell down in pieces. Luo Zheng floated in the air and looked around. He sneered and returned to the platform.
This Qin Tianze really had a lot of protective treasures. Before he died, he had such a substitute treasure! Not only could he replace his body with a puppet, but he could also activate space transmission!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1528
At the southern end of the hills in the center of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, there was a place of birth. About 15% of the martial artists who entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement would be born here.
After the Qin Family occupied this place of birth, it was renamed Qin City. Then, the Qin Family constantly sent World Lord powerhouses here, gradually consolidating this place …
In the sky above a fort in the center of Qin City, a blazing white light suddenly appeared. This was the effect of the Space Laws.
This kind of Space Laws was passed down from the Realm of the Gods. The space passage constructed was relatively stable, and it was almost a perfect space. The blazing white Space Laws constantly intertwined, forming a large snowflake pattern. After spinning a few times in the air, a person fell straight down from this snowflake!
In the fort, a World Lord soared into the sky and caught the falling person. That World Lord's eyes were filled with shock. "Young Master, who dared to injure you so severely!? Did you encounter those powerful mutated beasts in the wild? "
The falling person was without a doubt Qin Tianze.
At this moment, his entire body, especially his front, didn't have an intact piece of flesh. There was a huge crack in his chest, and one could even see the bones within.
However, Luo Zheng's energy shield had eroded Qin Tianze's left hand.
On the little finger of his left hand, there was a ring made of green wood. This ring could replace him with the wooden puppet when he was in danger. At the same time, it could teleport him to another place. If he was in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he could teleport Qin Tianze back to Qin City.
When the World Lord carried Qin Tianze into the fort, it immediately alarmed many people.
"How is Young Master Tianze!?"
"How could he be injured so severely?"
"He wasn't injured by a blunt weapon. It should be caused by some kind of corrosive energy!"
Soon, a World Lord set up a large array, activated the divine runes, and injected a dark green light into Qin Tianze's body.
When Realm of the Gods martial artists fought, as long as there was still a breath of life left, no matter how severe the injury, it could often be saved.
The terrifying wounds on Qin Tianze's body were rapidly healing. Countless flesh tendrils intertwined, and the wounds were constantly healing …
Soon, Qin Tianze opened his eyes, but his aura was still very weak.
"Young Master, what kind of exotic beast injured him?"
These Sector Lords stayed in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for a long time, and the six great cultivation sacred grounds wouldn't make a move for no reason. Moreover, Young Master was in the territory of the Heaven Vault Race, and their Qin Clan often moved around, so they had the closest relationship with the Heaven Vault Race.
Most people speculated that the Young Master must have been injured by an exotic beast while out training.
Hearing the Realm Lord's words, Qin Tianze's face immediately became gloomy. He gritted his teeth and said angrily, "It wasn't a beast that injured him!"
"Not an exotic beast? Could it be that Young Master has a conflict with the Sky Dome Clan? "The Sector Lord was shocked.
"It was … by a secondary life form!" Qin Tianze also felt that this was a very shameful thing. However, he still lost to Luo Zheng even after using the Female Heavenly Pearl. This was no longer a problem with his strength. It was completely because Luo Zheng was too strong! As much as he didn't want to admit it.
"Secondary life form?"
"How is this possible?"
"Is Young Master talking nonsense …"
The moment he said this, everyone was shocked.
They were very clear about the strength of secondary life forms. There were many of them in Qin City. After the Qin Clan occupied this place of birth, they were also responsible for distributing trial talismans. They knew that this group of secondary life forms would fight to the death for a few low level trial talismans!
Now, their Young Master was injured by a secondary life form. They couldn't help but feel that it was inconceivable.
"I, I also used the Great Wish Technique!" Qin Tianze said again.
The Sector Lords' faces changed again. He even used the Great Wish Technique and was still injured to this extent. This secondary life form's origin was probably not simple.
"What about Black Raft? And Mu Zhan? They didn't protect Young Master? "A Sector Lord asked coldly.
Qin Tianze naturally had guards accompanying him when he entered the Heaven Vault Race. The two guards were both Sector Lords, but they caused Young Master to suffer such heavy injuries. Their responsibility wasn't small …
However, the two guards didn't enter the Tidal Surge. After all, with Qin Tianze's strength, there was no need to protect him in the Tidal Surge!
"And I also used the Female Heavenly Pearl." Perhaps to cover up his embarrassment of losing to a secondary life form, Qin Tianze said everything in one breath.
"What!"
"This …"
The Sector Lords present were all dumbfounded.
Qin Tianze's cultivation might not be as high as theirs, but after using the Great Wish Technique, he could still compete with the Sector Lords. His strength was on par with theirs.
But after using the Female Heavenly Pearl … with the support of this secret treasure, Qin Tianze's strength should be far above the Sector Lords present!
The problem was that Young Master was still defeated after using the Female Heavenly Pearl. He even activated his escape ring to save his life. This meant that this secondary life form's strength was at a level they couldn't comprehend.
They couldn't believe that such a thing could happen.
Seeing their expressions, Qin Tianze was also angry. "You all doubt me?"
"This subordinate doesn't dare to doubt Young Master, but this matter is truly unbelievable!" A Sector Lord replied.
"No matter who it is, we must go to the Sky Dome Clan to capture this person and let Young Master fulfill his wish!" Another Sector Lord said.
Qin Tianze lost to Luo Zheng, but his Great Wish Technique was used to target Luo Zheng. If he didn't kill Luo Zheng, Qin Tianze's cultivation might not be able to improve in the future. So no matter who it was, this person had to die, and it had to be killed by Qin Tianze himself.
"Don't be hasty. This person's origin is very problematic. Even the Sky Dome Clan is protecting him. I'm afraid it'll be very difficult for us to take him down," Qin Tianze said with a frown. Rashly using the Great Wish Technique had planted a hidden danger for him!
Originally, once a martial artist used the Great Wish Technique, it would be a situation where they would fight to the death. They had to kill the other party to avoid the backlash of the Great Wish Technique …
"The Sky Dome Clan will protect a secondary life form!"
At this moment, many martial artists of the Qin Clan realized the seriousness of the problem. Their Qin Clan could do whatever they wanted in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but they still had to behave themselves in front of the Six Great Cultivation Holy Lands. After all, this was their home ground, and they could only curry favor with them.
After Qin Tianze escaped from the Tidal Surge, the people of the Sky Dome Clan and the Mountain Shattering Clan finally left.
Luo Zheng returned to the platform. At this moment, the black water below the platform surged again, and the second Tidal Surge finally appeared.
"Hualala …"
Accompanied by the rapid sound of water, numerous whirlpools began to converge below the platforms.
The martial artists who were originally spectating, after exclaiming in surprise, turned their attention back to their own feet. No matter how powerful Luo Zheng was, it had nothing to do with them. Everyone still obediently refined their own true essence.
However, the group of martial artists of the God Realm who had been driven off the platform by Luo Zheng now occupied the other platforms. Some of the foreign martial artists were angry, but they didn't dare to say anything. They didn't have Luo Zheng's skills, so how could they resist the group of martial artists of the God Realm?
As for the central platform, Luo Zheng didn't drive Han Liusu and Han Chuyue away. As for Ji Luoxue and the other two, they naturally stayed on the platform, refining their own true essence with Luo Zheng.
Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao were extremely excited at this moment.
The largest central platform was a place they didn't dare to set foot on before!
Now, not only were they standing on the platform, but the other martial artists of the God Realm had also been driven away by Luo Zheng. The few of them occupied an empty platform. This kind of treatment was simply unimaginable!
Under the continuous refining of the divine patterns below their feet, many black crystals were refined around each of them. This time, Luo Zheng only injected a small amount of Chaotic Energy. Anyway, these black crystals were useless to him, so he just treated it as helping Ji Luoxue and the others.
Thus, Ji Luoxue and the other two obtained around a thousand black crystals …
Before, they could only refine several black crystals at a time, less than a hundred a day. But now, they refined nearly as much as they had refined in the past three months.
The three of them were extremely excited. They constantly swallowed up that precious true essence, adding to their inner worlds! The density of true essence in their bodies increased at a visible rate.
The three transformations of the Incarnation Transformation were the changes to their inner worlds.
As their inner worlds constantly expanded, their cultivations became more stable. If this continued, they would be able to attack the Divine Transformation realm in just a few days!
After absorbing the true essence, the three of them naturally gathered around Luo Zheng, curiously inquiring about what Luo Zheng had seen and heard along the way.

Chapter 1529
On this platform, Luo Zheng and the others chatted about the Forbidden Land of God Refinement while refining their Beginning and End True Yuan.
After Ji Luo Xue and the others were born, they did their best to obtain a Purple Trial Talisman, especially Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who almost died.
The warriors on the surrounding platforms looked at the piles of Beginning and End True Yuan with envy, but they could only be envious. With Luo Zheng's god-like strength, who would dare to provoke him?
Moreover, from the attitude of the Sky Vault Clan, this guy seemed to be more heavily relied on by Gong Yu. They couldn't guess the reason, but it wasn't important. What was important was that no one dared to fight for it …
Luo Zheng didn't stay here for long.
Luo Zheng also observed these Beginning and End True Yuan. They seemed to be a special kind of True Yuan crystal, similar to the crystal of True Yuan Stones, but with a completely different structure.
However, after Luo Zheng absorbed these black crystals into his body, they couldn't fuse with the Primal Chaos Qi and were quickly swallowed up by the Primal Chaos Qi, so he didn't need to stay here.
After Luo Zheng left the Tidal Surge, he found Gong Yu and asked him to keep the platform for his friends.
This request was as easy as lifting a finger for Gong Yu, so he agreed.
Then, a dramatic scene appeared. After Luo Zheng left, some God Realm martial artists and even some foreign martial artists who were confident in their strength began to stir. They wanted to regain control of the central platform.
But soon, a group of people from the Sky Vault Clan came and announced that the central platform would be reserved for Luo Zheng, and that Ji Luo Xue and the others could freely use it.
This was also Luo Zheng's request. After all, there were ten people from Huan Yu who came to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, and the Sky Vault Clan's cultivation holy land was the most important. The others would also fight to enter this place and share it with the three of them …
Luo Zheng's request was very predictable.
Three days later, while Luo Zheng was still cultivating in the towers, Jiang Zhengyi and Luo Xi Xuan entered the Sky Vault Clan.
As Secondary Life Forms, after paying the Trial Talisman, they smoothly entered the Tidal Surge without encountering Luo Zheng.
Compared to the others, their luck was slightly worse. It took them quite a bit of time to obtain this purple talisman.
In reality, it was not an easy task to obtain a Purple Trial Talisman in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Some martial artists had to spend years or even decades to obtain one. This also proved how outstanding these ten people were. They were indeed the top ten martial artists in the universe.
The two of them entered the Tide's Surge. Just like Luo Zheng, they couldn't understand how to cultivate in this place.
They wanted to ask around, but the warriors on the platforms ignored them.
When they wanted to step onto a platform, they were chased away by the joint forces of the cultivators on the platform. This place was overcrowded, and the cultivators who had already entered the platform were quite resistant to the newcomers.
Jiang Zheng Yi was able to restrain himself, but Luo Xi Xuan was stopped by Jiang Zheng Yi just as she was about to start a fight. They had just arrived here, so before they figured out the rules, it was not appropriate for them to start a fight.
The spectating cultivators naturally mocked the two of them in their hearts for their ignorance.
Any cultivator who had just entered the Tide's Surge would have to take this step. Luo Zheng had entered this place but was directly brought to the central platform by Han Liusu, so the commotion he caused was naturally greater.
Just as the two of them were hesitating, they suddenly heard someone shout, "Luo Xi Xuan!"
The two of them turned their heads at the same time and saw that there were only three people standing on a platform not far away. It was Ji Luo Xue's group of three.
Most importantly, there were only three of them on that platform. The platforms here were all overcrowded, but this one was completely empty. The two of them immediately felt that it was very strange.
However, they were naturally overjoyed to be able to meet their old friends here, so the two of them flew towards the platform!
"Luo Xue, why is such a large platform for you to monopolize?" Luo Xi Xuan asked, puzzled.
Perhaps she hadn't figured out the rules of this place, but with Luo Xi Xuan's keen senses, she knew that there were definitely some unusual resources on these platforms, so the foreign race cultivators weren't willing to share them with her.
However, there were only three people on this spacious platform, which was unusual.
Ji Luo Xue naturally understood why Luo Xi Xuan was so strange, so he just smiled faintly, "It's all thanks to Luo Zheng."
"Luo Zheng?" Luo Xi Xuan was surprised and looked around before asking, "Where is he?"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao shook her head and then explained the whole story of this place and how the three of them obtained this platform. Finally, she said, "That guy probably doesn't care about the Origin and End True Qi here, so I don't know if he has left the Sky Vault Clan or not …"
These words amazed Luo Xi Xuan. This cultivation Holy Land was full of talents. Not only were the geniuses of the universe gathered here, but there were also people from the Realm of the Gods, but that guy was still able to stand out among them and obtain such benefits. It could be said that he had paved the way for them.
After the Tide's Surge appeared, Luo Xi Xuan and Jiang Zhengyi finally understood what it meant to obtain such a large platform …
Luo Zheng hadn't left the Sky Vault Clan.
These few days, he stayed in the Sky Vault Clan, waiting for the arrival of the Yuan He Clan.
Taking advantage of this idle time, Luo Zheng continued to observe the world inside his body.
After the power of the nine stars was extracted by Luo Zheng, they appeared extremely dim at first …
The source of power couldn't be overdrawn infinitely. Ordinary Body Refining martial artists, even if they opened nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and exhausted all their power, would still need a long time to nurture the nine stars to the peak state. Sometimes, this time could even be as long as several months.
Thus, Body Refining martial artists had a huge weakness after cultivating to the peak — their battle prowess couldn't last long.
This was because no one could directly transform True Qi into pure power.
However, this Primal Chaos Qi was simply a living thing. After all, this Primal Chaos Qi was the source of everything, and everything evolved from it. Thus, these nine stars hung above the Primal Chaos Sea, but could be nurtured by the Primal Chaos Qi. The recovery speed of the power of these nine stars was something that other martial artists, and even Saints, couldn't compare to. After all, Saints constructed a universe, and this universe didn't contain Primal Chaos Qi, so they couldn't use this Primal Chaos Qi for their own use.
However, cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Technique to this point, Luo Zheng also encountered a more serious problem.
He didn't know how to expand his territory …
The living beings in the world inside his body were still growing rapidly. Dynasties changed one after another, and all kinds of living beings with God Tools were born. It was full of vitality.
The area of this Primal Chaos Sea was slowly shrinking, but the continent in the center of the sea was constantly expanding.
The problem was that the area of the entire Primal Chaos Sea didn't increase! If he cultivated True Qi, Luo Zheng could very well stay in the Sky Vault Clan to absorb the black crystals and try to expand the world inside his body.
The size of the world inside one's body was also a standard to measure one's cultivation. If Luo Zheng couldn't expand the world inside his body, then he would lose the method to increase his cultivation.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng couldn't find the answer in the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, so he could only slowly explore it himself. A path that others had never walked before was destined to be filled with too many risks and uncertainties. However, he would also obtain astonishing harvests and unexpected results.
In addition to exploring the world inside his body, Luo Zheng also needed to deal with the two sisters from Han Jia.
That Han Liusu was still alright. Although she had used him once, she still knew when to advance and when to retreat. However, that sister of hers wasn't the same. She was a little girl who didn't understand the ways of the world. She constantly pestered him and asked him all sorts of questions. She even asked Luo Zheng which universe he came from.
"I also don't know which universe I came from." Luo Zheng didn't understand much about the powers of the Realm of the Gods, nor did he understand how the universes were divided. Perhaps Hua Tianming and Old Man Feng knew a little, but they had always hidden some things from him.
"Who is the Custodian!" Han Chuyue suddenly asked.
"What is a Custodian?" Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what this girl was referring to.
Han Chuyue proudly showed off, "So you don't even know what a Custodian is … the universe really is a backward place!"
"Chuyue!" Han Liusu felt that her sister's words were a bit rude.
However, Luo Zheng waved his hand and said, "It's fine. I don't know if the Custodian you are referring to is the person controlled by the Heavenly Dao?"
At this time, Luo Zheng's interest was piqued. Some information needed to be grasped by oneself. These two girls weren't very scheming people, so he naturally wanted to take this opportunity to find out a thing or two.

Chapter 1530
Under her sister's rebuke, Han Chuyue did not take offense and continued, "It is, the whole universe is under the control of the saints! What qualifications do other people have to be called the controller! "
Hearing Han Chuyue's explanation, Luo Zheng understood.
Since the universe is the saint's inner world, then the saint is the controller of the universe. This logic is very simple.
But what role does that Jiang Yu 'er play? Just like what Han Chuyue said, she is the so-called "custodian"?
"Custodian, in the end what is going on?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Han Chuyue blinked her eyes. Compared to Han Liusu, her eyes were more round and watery, but they lacked Han Liusu's charming and lonely characteristics.
Girls her age have a natural worship of the strong. Others may be curious about Luo Zheng's origin, but whether Luo Zheng is strong or not is not important, as long as he does not provoke her.
Han Liusu is slightly more mature. She wants to use Luo Zheng to do her own things, such as entering the Subduing Soul Cliff, or letting Luo Zheng attack Qin Tianze.
But after Han Chuyue became interested in Luo Zheng, she wanted to dig up everything about Luo Zheng.
"Then tell me first, who is the controller of the Heavenly Dao?" Han Chuyue asked.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment, then opened his mouth. In fact, he only knew her name, "Jiang Yu 'er."
"Haha! It is her! So it is the custodian sent by the Jiang family! "Han Chuyue laughed.
Han Liusu's eyes flashed, revealing a meaningful expression, as if she was getting to know Luo Zheng again.
Luo Zheng saw the reaction of the two women and knew there must be something hidden, "What?"
"That is the Great Yan Universe," Han Chuyue said.
"Great Yan Universe … …" Luo Zheng muttered these words. This is the name of the universe he is in?
Han Chuyue looked suspiciously at Luo Zheng, "But the saint who built the Great Yan Universe seems to be in a bad situation, he seems to be dead!"
"Chuyue, what are you talking about?" Han Liusu corrected her. "Saints and the universe are interdependent. As long as the universe is not destroyed, the saints will not die."
"Indeed, it's about time. Wasn't there news that they were already preparing to take action? If the Great Yan Universe is broken down, then wouldn't the Saint be dead … "Han Chuyue continued.
Hearing Han Chuyue's words, Luo Zheng was sure that they were not lying.
It was a fact that Huan Yu was being invaded by the Holy Clan. Hua Tianming had also informed him that Huan Yu's master was on the verge of death …
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng and his group of people were geniuses who were born after Huan Yu sensed danger. They were given the destiny of a great era. According to Hua Tianming, all the talk of fate was actually deliberately arranged!
Luo Zheng might have met with some accidents during his cultivation. For example, entering the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was an accident, and obtaining the Secret Skill of Primal Chaos was another accident.
But his path was still following the destiny that Huan Yu had arranged.
Including the guidance of the Nine True Dragons, including the fact that Luo Yan was taken away, this fact became an obsession that led Luo Zheng forward.
The ultimate goal was to let Luo Zheng go to the Divine Realm and save everything …
Of course, such a large Huan Yu could not place all its hopes on Luo Zheng alone. The probability was too small. Therefore, batch after batch of geniuses were born in Huan Yu. Countless geniuses fought in the Illusory Battlefield, and these ten people were born. They carried an irresistible destiny on their backs as they moved forward.
According to the current information, Luo Zheng could only infer this much. But he still had many questions in his heart. "This is a battle between the Saints?"
Han Liusu nodded, but before she could open her mouth, Han Chuyue spoke first: "Of course it is, but the outcome of this battle has already been decided, now it is no longer a battle, but rather the finishing stage, the master of Great Evolution Universe has been thoroughly defeated!"
"Since it's a battle between the Saints, why don't the Saints directly destroy the universe? With the strength of the Saints, they should be able to do so, right? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Han Chuyue faintly smiled. "That won't do. The Divine Realm is not what you think it is! The Saint Hall will not agree! "
"Saint Hall … what is that?"
Realizing that Luo Zheng was terrifyingly ignorant about the Divine Realm, Han Chuyue could only patiently explain.
In the end, she still had the intention to show off to Luo Zheng. "You don't even know this? Let me tell you in detail. The Divine Realm … I'm afraid it's very different from what you think it is!"
Along the way, Luo Zheng had seen many civilizations.
The Demon Night Clan was an absolute god system. The three kings controlled everything. They were the gods of the Demon Night Clan, so they could use the faith pond.
On the other hand, ordinary Holy Lands followed the typical Sect system. Regardless of whether it was a sixth-grade Holy Land or a tenth-grade Holy Land, the difference between these Holy Lands was quite big according to the difference in strength. However, the rules and culture of these Holy Lands were no different from that of a low-grade Sect.
Aside from the Holy Lands, there were also Divine Kingdoms!
Divine Kingdoms were dominated by the royal family. All the large and small forces had to rely on the Divine Kingdoms. When the Divine Kingdoms developed to a certain extent, they evolved into the Ji Family, the Xuanyuan Family, the Ji Family, and the Lie Family.
In this kind of civilization, the monarch and the family were the most powerful. The top inheritances and foundations were all poured into the outstanding children of the family.
And in such a big Divine Realm, after countless years …
This countless years was roughly equivalent to the creation of the world, which was the day when the Good Fortune Axe split open the primal chaos.
Time had become another concept here. It was a concept that ordinary people found difficult to understand.
After all, time was also a type of law. In the entire Divine Realm, "time" hadn't been created for a very long time. So at that time, time was still. It was precisely because of this that the Divine Realm was in a state of deathly stillness for a very long time!
From the time that the rule of "time" was created, the Divine Realm had already passed 860 quadrillion years. The scale of time was so long that it was hard for anyone to imagine it. It had become an illusory term.
In these ancient years, countless lives and races constantly perished. Mortal kingdoms were born, and mortal sects were born.
As the martial artists of these sects rose in strength, these sects quickly rose above the mortal kingdoms. Gradually, they developed into Holy Lands, giving birth to Divine Kingdoms, and so on. The situation was the same as in the universe. Different races and different life forms found it difficult to get along with each other.
In these countless years, the Divine Realm had always been in a state of chaos and chaos. The number of deaths and injuries was incalculable. There were some races that were eliminated as soon as they appeared. There were some races that had tens of billions of people. They didn't even have the qualifications to leave behind a trace in the history of the Divine Realm. They were like a splash on a wave, disappearing in the whirlpool of history in the blink of an eye.
The races that were able to survive in this chaos were worthy of being proud. They were the strongest and most tenacious races.
Endless war could only bring destruction and destruction. As civilization developed, there were eventually people who were willing to stand up and solve this problem.
Thus, many saints joined hands and formed the Holy Halls. They were bestowed with the highest authority in the entire Divine Realm.
The appearance of the Holy Halls finally stabilized the entire Divine Realm, continuing to this day.
But the struggles between races, the struggles between martial artists, and even the struggles between saints, had never stopped …
But these struggles were all within the rules.
If someone violated these rules, after the Holy Halls passed a resolution, they would join hands and punish the person who violated the rules!
The entire process naturally had no lack of schemes and traps.
"The master of the Great Evolution Universe and his disciples should have fallen into the other party's trap and finally received their punishment. But the matters involved are very complex and it's hard to explain in a short time. Also, many rumors may not be true." Han Liusu suddenly inserted herself into this topic. Han Chuyue glared at her elder sister with dissatisfaction. At the most critical moment, her elder sister had snatched the opportunity to speak first!
"Then what is the name of the master of the Great Evolution Universe?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
At this moment, Luo Zheng asked this question out of pure curiosity. He knew that it was the saints who had constructed this universe. Moreover, he had seen one of the saints' disciples, the "Star Tail" hidden within the Demi-Immortal race.
But he knew nothing about this saint.
"The master of the Great Evolution Universe is called Luo Xiao. He has the same surname as you," Han Liusu lightly replied.
"What!"
Han Liusu's reply caused Luo Zheng's blood to surge wildly. His powerful heart beat even more wildly, as if someone was beating a drum. Even the two sisters of Han Jia could hear it clearly.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1531
No name from Han Liusu's mouth would cause such a huge shock to Luo Zheng!
The Great Yan Universe, the master of the universe Luo Zheng was in, the Saint of the Divine Domain, Luo Xiao …
For a moment, Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess.
Perhaps it was just a coincidence. Although the name Luo Xiao was not common, it was not a particularly rare name either.
But it was not reasonable to simply regard it as a coincidence!
Thinking back carefully, did the things Hua Tianming and the others deliberately hide also contain these secrets?
There was also the problem of his own fate. At that time, Luo Zheng had displayed great talent, but that was only relative to the martial artists of the Vast Thousand Domains. If compared to the entire universe, the Luo Zheng at that time could only be said to be not worth mentioning.
But that young man who appeared out of nowhere, on what basis did he kidnap Luo Yan? Just because she was the so-called Compass of Fate?
Thinking about it carefully …
This was no more than an excuse made up.
To emphasize the inevitability of fate, to make him stride towards the Divine Domain …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng felt that his deduction was becoming clearer and clearer.
Assuming that young man was a True God who could descend into the Great Yan Universe at will, he was most likely a disciple of a Saint.
Ordinary True Gods could not return to the universe. At least, the only True God Luo Zheng had seen with his own eyes was Xing Wei of the Celestial Race, who was one of his disciples.
When his strength was only at the False Tribulation Realm, he was taken care of by a True God disciple.
And his dead father was called Luo Xiao, and the Saint's name was also Luo Xiao …
Deducing from this, the so-called coincidence became inevitable!
If his father was really the creator of the universe, then he was an omnipotent existence in this inner world, turning into a Xiantian lifeform and giving birth to the Luo Family in some corner of the universe. Then he began to nurture Luo Zheng from a young age, and when his mind was close to maturity, he arranged a tragic situation at will, causing him to "fall".
That way, he would grow rapidly in the midst of hatred!
Luo Zheng's breath became colder and colder as he continued to deduce endlessly!
In addition, Luo Zheng also had a lot of other evidence in his mind. When Luo Zheng attacked the "little monster" of Yu the Great Divine Kingdom with his soul, he devoured his opponent's soul and directly inherited the will of the Boundless World!
At that time, he had inherited it so easily. It was as if the will of the Great Wide World had originally belonged to him.
It was just that other people's research on the will of the world was too rare, and Luo Zheng couldn't find other things to compare it with, so he didn't feel that it was strange. Instead, he thought it was reasonable. Now that he thought about it, he could easily inherit the will of the world. Perhaps it was related to Luo Xiao?
Furthermore, when Luo Zheng was transcending the tribulation in the Xin Huo inheritance and encountered the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes, a gigantic figure appeared and directly tore the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes apart and devoured them …
These things could not stand up to careful scrutiny. They appeared inexplicably, and were not Luo Zheng's own abilities at all.
It was as if there was an invisible protector behind him that would always appear at critical times and protect him successfully through difficulties.
However, this kind of protection did not appear every time. At least, when Luo Zheng had experienced the limits of life and death several times, it had not appeared. Perhaps it was to train his mind.
Of course, these were still Luo Zheng's deductions!
It was just that the possibility of this deduction being true was quite high. The remaining part was for Luo Zheng to verify with his own hands!
Thinking that his father might not have died, Luo Zheng's mood was quite complicated. After all, whether it was Hua Tianming's words or Han Liusu's words, they all knew that the builder of the Dayan Universe was in a dying state.
Even if it was confirmed that this Saint Luo Xiao was the same person as Luo Zheng's father, then the burden on Luo Zheng's shoulders would be even heavier.
This burden was destined to fall on Luo Zheng's head from the moment he was born. It was originally something that Saint Luo Xiao could do …
With all kinds of thoughts in his head, he was stunned for a long time and did not speak.
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng …" Han Liusu called out a few times. Luo Zheng did not respond, only staring blankly into the distance.
Han Chuyue stretched out her white fingers and waved them in front of Luo Zheng several times, then asked, "Sister, could it be that this person is stupid?"
Han Liusu shook her head. In her eyes, Luo Zheng's state of mind was extremely strong. In the face of death, he did not panic. The problem must be with the name "Luo Xiao". These two people had the same surname, and Luo Zheng's talent was so outstanding. Could it be that they were father and son?
This kind of conjecture seemed to be untenable …
If Luo Zheng was really the son of a Saint, how could he be just a second-level creature?
And which Saint Emperor would arrange for his children to cultivate in the universe? After all, second-level creatures had many innate defects. The laws they comprehended were only the laws of Saints. The world they came in contact with was only a world created by True Yuan. They even had to comprehend the Divine Dao and become a True God before they had the qualifications to move about in the Divine Domain.
This kind of gap was very difficult to make up for.
Taking a step back, any creature in a martial artist's inner world could be counted as their people …
Just as Han Chuyue was waving her hand, Luo Zheng suddenly waved his hand. With a "pa" sound, he slapped Han Chuyue's hand away, then jumped up and stood on top of a tower in the distance.
Probably because she was hit, Han Chuyue pouted and looked at her sister, feeling wronged.
Han Liusu did not feel bad. Her sister's temperament was pretentious. After all, she had learned a bit of the ways of the world.
"Hmph, even if this Luo Xiao is really his father, is there a need to be so agitated?" Han Chuyue clearly saw through it and said with dissatisfaction.
"In the end, you are not him … If our father was ordered to be killed by the Saint Halls, and our Han Family's disciples were also hunted down, how would you and I feel?" Han Liusu asked back.
Han Chuyue shrugged her shoulders, indicating that she could not think of anything.
The Saints Hall was a rather stable organization. Every Saint had their own rights. Under normal circumstances, it was almost impossible for Saints to attack each other. Back then, when they joined forces to kill the Saint of Evolution, Luo Xiao, there were many hidden secrets. For a time, there were many different opinions, and there were all kinds of conspiracy theories.
However, the real reason was never revealed.
Perhaps the father of the two sisters knew, but such a big matter could not be told to the two little girls of the Han Family who had not yet become True Divinities.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was extremely large. Although one could see the top of the cave from here, this cave was still as large as several great worlds.
Looking into the distance, what Luo Zheng needed the most right now was peace.
Previously, he seemed to have fallen into layers of mysteries, but now that he had obtained this news, it was like a sharp knife that completely cut open the doubts in his heart!
Perhaps he was a creature that had been deliberately created!
When he was young, his father's teachings were still clear in his mind. That Luo Xiao might just be an "incarnation" of the real Luo Xiao. Strictly speaking, he could not be considered his father.
Luo Zheng had also condensed an incarnation in his body. It was not his main body, but it still represented his will. In the end, he had poured his feelings into him.
He was still his father!
Even if he could be created, he had to repay this kindness.
If he wanted to save Luo Xiao, would he have to face a colossus like the Saint Halls?
Compared to a Saint, the current him was so small that he could be ignored.
The Saint Race was eroding the Great Expansion Realm. Since Luo Xiao had already sent him to this step, the rest of the journey would need to be walked by Luo Zheng alone. This road was destined to be difficult, but Luo Zheng still did not have the slightest intention to retreat. His eyes faintly revealed a look of excitement!
He stayed in the Sky Vault Clan for another two days. During this time, he went to the Surge of Tides to visit and met Luo Xi Xuan and Jiang Zhengyi.
Six of the Ten Children of the Heavenly Dao appeared in the Sky Vault Clan, but the remaining four had entered some cultivation holy land. Especially Xi Youqin … Luo Zheng was still a little worried. This girl was impulsive and very willful. He hoped that she could safely complete the trial in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Two days later, the Yuanhe Clan, who controlled the Heart Refining Tower, finally arrived at the Sky Vault Clan!
Compared to the Sky Vault Clan, the Yuanhe Clan's appearance was very ugly. Their bodies were covered with snake-like scales, their noses were high, and their eyes were like triangles hanging upside down on their faces. If it were not for their behavior, Luo Zheng was more inclined to think that they were strange beasts …

Chapter 1532
The Heart Refining Tower controlled by the Yuan He Clan was a sacred cultivation ground for tempering one's state of mind.
Perhaps it was because their state of mind was stable and lacked that trace of ruthlessness, allowing them to maintain an indifferent attitude at all times. That was why it was so easy to get along with them.
Now that the three major races had gathered, it was time to set off.
The Mountain-collapsing Clan and the Yuanhe Clan had sent their strongest elites this time. The Sky Dome Clan had also prepared for this. In addition to these elites, there were also some warriors from other clans who were willing to train with them.
When the sun rose on the second day, everyone set off for the north of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
At this time, Han Jia had also sent more people. Including He Zuowei and the others, there were more than 20 Sector Lords. They brought along Han Liusu and Han Chuyue as they set off with the three races …
To the three major races, this was an extremely important exploration trip. No one knew what methods Han Jia had used to get them to agree to go with them.
The three major races had different attitudes toward warriors from other races. The Mountain Crumbling Race was the most domineering and only recognized the position of the strong. Therefore, warriors from other races like Han Cangyan could be qualified for the position of leader. However, even if Han Cangyan had been the leader of the Mountain Crumbling Race, they wouldn't give Han Jia any special treatment. After all, Han Cangyan was the strong one.
The Yuan He Clan and the other races got along very well. It was almost as if they didn't care. Whether it was secondary life forms or God Realm warriors, they were all treated equally.
On the other hand, the Sky Dome Race cared a lot about the exchange of benefits. Therefore, it was the Sky Dome Race's decision to allow Han Jia to explore with the three major races this time.
Advancing north from the Sky Dome Race's territory, there were still many tall towers. After walking for about ten miles, the densely packed towers suddenly disappeared. At this point, they were considered to have left the Mountain Crumbling Race's territory.
In front of everyone, there was a clear dividing line!
On one side of the demarcation line was a calm black water, but the black water suddenly disappeared here, as if someone had drawn a knife on the ground. Beyond the demarcation line was a boundless ice field.
The white world of ice and snow extended all the way to the end of the world.
"Stop!"
Along the way, the Sky Dome Race had been leading the way. At this moment, the leader of the Sky Dome Race, Gong Yu, suddenly waved his hand and everyone stopped.
Luo Zheng also felt strange. He was used to seeing strange things in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Although the ice field in front of him was spectacular, it was relatively ordinary. However, Gong Yu's expression was very serious.
However, the other party was a native of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement after all. There was definitely a reason for them to be cautious. These reasons were even bought with a bloody lesson.
Under Gong Yu's command, the Sky Vault Clan's martial artists took out some blood-red fruits and started to distribute them.
... this place........................ of the Golden Sun Fruit................................ But this place can also be considered a place of trial. The deeper you go, the stronger the frost flame poison. If you martial artists from other races want to comprehend the profound meaning of the Ice Laws, this place is the most suitable! "
The surface of the blood-red fruit was covered with dense veined patterns. The veined patterns emitted a crimson light as if lava was flowing within them. One of the Sky Vault Clan members flew to Luo Zheng's side and tossed a fruit to him. The fruit looked fresh and juicy, but when Luo Zheng held it in his hand, he could feel a trace of scalding heat from it.
Even Luo Zheng could feel a trace of scalding heat coming from the fruit. When the other cultivators caught the fruit, they almost constantly tossed it back and forth in their hands. Finally, they wrapped the fruit in their true essence and stuffed it into their spatial rings!
When everyone heard about this frost poison, they didn't take it seriously.
After all, most of the martial artists present were at the peak of the Divine Transformation realm. They simply didn't place such an extremely cold place in their eyes.
"Little Sister, put this on first." Han Liusu took the lead and took out a robe embroidered with fire clouds. She handed it to Han Chuyue. Their Han Family had been operating in the Forbidden Land of God for many years. They were very familiar with the Forbidden Land of God and naturally knew just how terrifying this Frost Flame Icefield was.
It could be said that the master of the Forbidden Land of God had recorded all of his comprehensions of the Ice Laws on this ice field.
Although Saints were proficient in all Laws, it was impossible for them to miss out on the Laws when constructing a universe. However, the master of the Forbidden Land of God mainly cultivated the Ice Laws and had his own comprehensions of the Laws. Thus, this Frost Flame Icefield couldn't be underestimated …
Han Liusu put on the fire cloud robe for Han Chuyue. Then, she walked in front of Luo Zheng and whispered, "Since they want to cross the Frost Flame Icefield, their destination should be the inner world of the Forbidden Land of God. I don't know what they want you to take away, but I must remind you to be careful. Don't force yourself and put your own life above all else."
Luo Zheng nodded. He had received the Mountain Collapsing Clan's grace and had also agreed to their request. He would naturally do as he was told.
But, the premise of this was that they were in a relatively safe situation. If they were in a desperate situation, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to risk his life for them. Since both sides were using each other, they could only use an equivalent exchange.
This wasn't to say that Luo Zheng was being realistic. It was just that the pressure he was shouldering was unprecedentedly heavy. Just his fate in the Great Evolution Universe was enough to give Luo Zheng a headache, much less the fact that he still needed to enter the Realm of the Gods in the future.
In other words, Luo Zheng's life was more precious than anyone else's. He couldn't let himself die here. That would be an irresponsible behavior.
"Inner world, what is that?" Luo Zheng had just heard another unfamiliar term.
Han Liusu continued to send a true essence sound transmission, "The Forbidden Land of God is divided into the outer world and the inner world. Everything you see, including this massive cave, is only the outer world. The inner world is the core of the Forbidden Land of God …"
Han Jia had sent many subordinates into the Forbidden Land of God. After being rooted here for so many years, they understood the Forbidden Land of God much better than ordinary martial artists. And Han Liusu, as the princess of the Han Family, naturally had a natural advantage.
Besides martial artists who comprehended the Ice Laws, very few people would go to the Frost Flame Icefield.
However, to ordinary martial artists, the Frost Flame Icefield was a land of death. Without the Sky Vault Clan's Golden Sun Fruit, they would quickly be severely injured by the cold poison …
As for the martial artists of the Realm of the Gods, they could directly comprehend the complete Ice Laws of the Realm of the Gods, not the Laws constructed by the Saints.
Perhaps a Saint's comprehension of the Laws was in a perfect state, but every Saint's comprehension was different and their arrangement of the Laws was different. There would always be a slight deviation. They could go to the Realm of the Gods and comprehend the power of Laws; there was no need for them to come to the Forbidden Land of God.
Thus, there was only one possibility for passing through the Frost Flame Icefield, and that was to enter the inner world …
Frankly speaking, the joint operation of the three great races had fulfilled Han Liusu's wish. This was because the Soul Subduing Cliff she had always wanted to go to was in the inner world!
Wanting to enter the inner world wasn't easy for Han Jia.
In the past, her big brother Han Cangyan had once organized the Han Family, the Qin Family, and other Realm of the Gods influences of the Forbidden Land of God to enter the inner world.
Because of this, they had paid a terrible price. Just the Han Family alone had lost over 20 World Lords, and Han Cangyan had been severely injured.
Most importantly, after such a large expedition, not a single person had been able to enter the Soul Subduing Cliff. As for the Sunflower Water Ancestral Land and the Paramita Sand, there was no way to enter. This caused Han Cangyan to return empty-handed and be depressed for a long time …
When Han Cangyan was sent to the Forbidden Land of God, it was hoped that he would be able to open the Soul Subduing Cliff. Unfortunately, even after Han Cangyan had succeeded in his cultivation, he still hadn't found a way to enter the Soul Subduing Cliff.
This time, it was Han Liusu's turn.
In everyone's eyes, Han Liusu's talent was far inferior to Han Cangyan's. The only thing that made Han Liusu stand out was her uncontrollable Deviant Flame talent.
Thus, when Han Liusu shouted that she wanted to enter the Soul Subduing Cliff, others only treated it as a joke.
Even He Zuowei and the others, although they verbally supported Han Liusu's idea, in their hearts, they didn't believe that she had the qualifications.
After finishing their preparations, the Sky Dome Clan took the lead to cross the obvious snow line. Then, everyone else followed.
No matter who it was, the moment they entered the Icy Flame Icefield, their hair, clothes, and even their eyebrows and eyelashes bloomed with blue icy flames!
Although these icy flames were condensed, they weren't solid. They were like icy blue flames swaying.
However, these icy flames didn't give off the slightest feeling of warmth. Instead, they gave off a bone-chilling burning sensation!
Luo Zheng didn't swallow the Golden Sun Fruit. After entering the snow line, his entire body seemed to be frozen. Looking at the icy flames all over his body, Luo Zheng was a bit surprised. The icy flames here were indeed domineering.
As his body abruptly shuddered, the glacial flames were completely extinguished.

Chapter 1533
After the frost flame poison entered Luo Zheng's inner world, it started to fall like snowflakes.
When these snowflakes fell on the brown Chaos Sea, they released biting cold air as if they wanted to freeze the Chaos Sea …
However, just as the frost flame poison released its cold air, it was instantly swallowed by the Chaos Sea like a sheep that fell into a pack of wolves.
Ever since Luo Zheng gave the Chaos Sea the ability to swallow, it could transform almost anything. Luo Zheng also had a clear understanding of the terror of the Chaos Sea.
However, Luo Zheng was currently more inclined towards body refinement. As for the Yi God Sword, although it made use of the Chaos Sea, the power of the Yi God Sword was displayed more by Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Divine Dao. He didn't display the Chaos Sea to its limit. In other words, Luo Zheng lacked a cultivation technique that could fully display the power of the Chaos Sea!
The frost flame poison was still drifting in his inner world. Most of it fell into the Chaos Sea and disappeared instantly. However, a small portion fell into the main continent of his inner world. There might be a few unlucky creatures that came into contact with the frost flame poison and were instantly frozen into ice. However, overall, the effect on Luo Zheng's inner world was completely negligible.
Compared to Luo Zheng's relaxed expression, the other cultivators didn't have it so easy.
Although the Sky Dome Clan distributed the Golden Sun Fruits, most of the cultivators present didn't choose to swallow them …
The Sky Dome Clan Leader said that one could comprehend the profound meaning of the Ice Law in the frost flame ice plain.
In fact, these cultivators from the God Realm knew better than Gong Yu that the so-called profound meaning of the Ice Law was the famous consummate skill of the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the Ice Soul Devil Flame that shook the God Realm 30,000 years ago!
The Ice Soul Devil Flame was a profound meaning created by the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. None of the cultivators before him had comprehended this profound meaning.
When the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement entered the Saint Realm and was crowned as a new Saint, he suddenly built a Forbidden Land of God Refinement and announced to the entire God Realm that everyone could enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to cultivate and even absorb his power of origin. The entire God Realm was in an uproar.
Besides the Origin energy, he also said that his understanding of the Ice Soul Devil Flame was also sealed in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, which was the Frost Flame Icy Plain under everyone's feet!
However, after so many years, many people had entered this ice field, but no one was able to comprehend the profundity of the Icy Soul Devil Flame …
To the warriors of the other clans and the God Area, it was a chance to comprehend the power Upanishads.
As for the Golden Sun Fruit's ability to resist the Frosty Flame Poison, he would only use it when he couldn't hold on any longer.
Most of the warriors were in the same situation as Luo Zheng. The Cold Flame Poison lingered around their bodies, following their meridians and constantly invading their Inner Worlds, causing snowflakes to flutter in their Inner Worlds.
However, their inner worlds couldn't compare to Luo Zheng's. After all, no matter how overbearing this Frostflame Poison was, it was ultimately formed from True Essence. It was no more overbearing than Chaos Qi.
The temperature of the martial artists' inner worlds began to plummet.
The Inner Worlds of the Divine Transformation realm warriors, especially those at the peak of the Divine Transformation realm, were relatively complete. Some of them even had Fourth or Fifth Grade sects within their Inner Worlds, and some even had Divine Core warriors, or even Void Tribulation warriors …
But as the temperature plummeted, those living beings suffered. The snowflakes formed from the Frostflame Poison released extremely low temperatures, causing their Inner Worlds to fall into a harsh winter. Some of the warriors even had layers of ice forming above their True Essence, causing devastating damage to the living beings in their Inner Worlds.
This was the fate of all second-grade living beings. They lived in someone else's Inner World, unable to control their own fate. They might be frozen to death by the sudden harsh winter when they were just born, or they might be infected by the Frostflame when they stepped into the Xiantian realm, instantly freezing to death!
This kind of situation didn't only happen in the Inner Worlds, even the Inner Worlds constructed by Saints had the same problem. If Saints were to fight, even the stable Inner Worlds would be affected, and it would bring about an earth-shaking crisis of extinction.
Just like the Great Evolution Universe, the Great Evolution Universe would undergo a cycle of reincarnation every 3.6 billion years, and it would bring about a great calamity of extinction. However, this great calamity wasn't caused by Luo Xiao fighting with others, but by some other hidden reason.
It was just that the Empyreans within the Inner Worlds had concluded that this was the opposite of what was to come. They even tried to control this law and prevent the Inner Worlds from going extinct …
This was the sorrow of second-grade living beings. It was impossible to completely control one's own fate, and even one's vision was limited. Even someone as powerful as an Empyrean couldn't control their own fate; they were still second-grade living beings.
For instance, those living beings within their Inner Worlds that had been corroded by the Frostflame Poison might have thought that the Heavenly Gods were enraged and were sending down a calamity of ice and snow. They all knelt to the ground and prayed for the Heavens to calm their anger. What they didn't know was that this calamity was nothing more than the master of their Inner Worlds wanting to undergo a tempering experience!
Hu hu hu …
The cold winds of the Frostflame Ice Plains were swift and fierce.
As the cold winds blew past, everyone's bodies were suddenly 'decorated' with lanterns and decorations. This was because the Frostflame Poison that hung on their bodies was an even brighter blue, as if they were all wearing sparkling jewelry. It was a very beautiful sight. At the same time, the amount of Frostflame Poison that invaded their bodies would greatly increase …
This process was quite painful. That kind of coldness went from the outside to the inside. After it wreaked havoc within the Inner Worlds, it went from the inside to the outside. It was bone-chilling.
It was precisely because of this that the Frostflame Poison left behind in their Inner Worlds left behind the imprint of laws!
Although no one had completely comprehended the profound meaning of the Icy Soul Devilish Flame in all these years, the Icy Flame Poison had indeed brought tangible benefits to cultivators. At the very least, the speed at which the ice elemental laws in everyone's inner worlds were perfected was extremely fast. At their level of cultivation, they needed to use the laws they had comprehended to construct the laws in their inner worlds.
Of course, this didn't mean that everyone could endlessly absorb the Frostflame Poison. After all, this thing could be fatal.
Some of the weaker martial artists' faces were deathly pale. A gust of cold wind blew past, causing them to involuntarily curl up.
"If you can't bear it, don't force yourself! After swallowing the Golden Sun Fruit, you can withstand it! "someone from the Sky Vault Clan reminded.
Those martial artists couldn't bear it and could only swallow the Golden Sun Fruit in one gulp! After the Golden Sun Fruit entered their bodies, it quickly escaped into their Inner Worlds and turned into a small golden sun. It released a scorching warm current that warmed everything within their Inner Worlds. As for the secondary creatures struggling on the edge of life and death within their Inner Worlds, they were naturally saved at this moment. After enduring the cold winter, their Inner Worlds were once again flourishing.
This warm current flowed from the inside to the outside, washing away the coldness in their meridians. It also allowed those martial artists' faces to return to their normal ruddy complexion.
However, at this moment, even more martial artists were still resisting the discomfort and bitterly persevering!
On this trip, the most relaxed one should be Han Chuyue.
She was wearing a Fire Cloud Robe, so the Frostflame Poison couldn't enter her body at all. She was curious about everyone's reactions. Looking at the constantly swaying Frostflame Poison on the faces, hair, and beards of her sister, she couldn't help but laugh.
Everyone maintained a low altitude and their speed wasn't considered slow. After advancing like this for four hours, they had traversed nearly a hundred thousand miles of distance.
From this hundred thousand miles of distance, one could see the disparity in everyone's strength.
At ten thousand miles, only a few weaker foreign race cultivators had taken the Golden Sun Fruit. At thirty thousand miles, 20% of the cultivators had taken the Golden Sun Fruit, and when everyone reached seventy thousand miles, the number of cultivators who had taken the Golden Sun Fruit had reached 90%!
As for the hundred thousand mile journey, among the martial artists present, only the Mountain Shattering Clan's Divine Hunting Team, the Sky Dome Clan's seven Elders, and several elites of the Yuanhe Clan could bear the burden.
Of course, there was also Luo Zheng and Han Chuyue …
As for Han Liusu, if she activated her Heavenly Flame talent, she would be able to resist the Frostflame Poison. However, people who were proficient in fire were often more afraid of the cold. She had already swallowed a Golden Sun Fruit when she was thirty thousand miles away.
"Just as Brother Lei Toad said, Luo Zheng not only can resist the Heavenly Flame, but also the cold?" Jin Yue, the leader of the Yuanhe Clan, said as he looked at Luo Zheng with a hint of surprise in his eyes.
He led the Yuanhe Clan here, so he naturally heard about this "Fire Repulser" from Gong Yu and Lei Toad. Like Gong Yu, he didn't expect that the "Fire Repulser" mentioned by the Mountain Shattering Clan a few months ago could improve his strength to such a level in such a short time …
However, seeing once was better than hearing a hundred times. Gong Yu and Lei Toad's descriptions were so vivid that he had some doubts in his heart. At this moment, he saw that Luo Zheng was just like them, able to move freely in this world of ice and snow without consuming the Golden Sun Fruit. He was indeed quite capable.
"Hehe, you and I can resist the Frostflame Poison at the hundred thousand mile stage. Do you think this guy can resist the Frostflame Poison at the hundred and fifty thousand mile stage?" Gong Yu suddenly said.
One hundred and fifty thousand mile …
That was the deepest part of the Frostflame Icefield. Even the three leaders had to swallow the Golden Sun Fruit.
(Thank you for your reminder. There is indeed an oversight. I will change the front part to the Yuanhe Clan. Thank you! ^_^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1534
At this stage, the cold flames below the ice field burned fiercely. The azure light was constantly refracted, making it difficult to look at directly. Everyone felt as if they were above the sea of fire, but they couldn't feel the slightest bit of warmth from the azure flames.
"Swoosh!"
A member of the Mountain-Crushing Race's Divine Hunter Team suddenly fell into the ice flames below!
Gong Yu reacted extremely quickly. He spread his wings in the air and turned into a streak of light, circling below and saving the Mountain-Crushing Race member.
"No one can save you if you fall into the ice flames! If you can't hold on, don't force yourself, "Gong Yu reminded.
The higher-ups of the three races also had the mentality of a competition. None of the Mountain-Crushing Race's Divine Hunter Team swallowed the Golden Sun Fruit. In fact, as pure body refiners, they couldn't possibly understand the profundities of the ice laws.
Using extreme cold to refine one's body was a path, but there was no need to take such a big risk.
"Toram! Don't force yourself, "Lei Toad also ordered.
The Mountain-Crushing Race's warrior called Toram nodded and swallowed the Golden Sun Fruit in one gulp.
Apart from Toram, another person from the Sky Vault Race also swallowed the Golden Sun Fruit without forcing himself. Gong Yu continued to lead the way while the rest followed behind.
As more and more cold flame poison entered Luo Zheng's inner world, it became denser and denser. The snow in that world also became heavier and heavier …
The living beings in his inner world were experiencing an unprecedented winter.
Although the Chaos Sea wasn't frozen, the temperature inside suddenly dropped by a lot …
If the temperature continued to drop, the living beings in his inner world would probably face a large-scale death.
Losing a portion of the living beings didn't affect Luo Zheng too much. After all, Luo Zheng didn't rely on the power of faith of these people at this stage. However, he still didn't want the people he created to die.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly.
Countless schools of fish suddenly appeared in the Chaos Sea. The moment they jumped out of the water, they spread their wings and flew straight into the sky!
A dense school of fish flew through the air. This scene was witnessed by the fishermen in his inner world, and some of them recorded it down. Countless years later, people would praise it as the Fish of the Northern Underworld, transforming into the body of a Kun Peng, saving the world from the snow, saving the world from the heavens …
He didn't know that this was just Luo Zheng's idea.
After those small fish leaped into the air, they charged towards the Frost Flame Poison. The moment they came into contact with the Frost Flame Poison, they turned into Chaos Qi and devoured the Frost Flame Poison!
Luo Zheng tried his best to keep the Frost Flame Poison in the air. At the same time, the nine stars hanging high in the sky began to move.
"Nine Stars Shine Together!"
Luo Zheng didn't extract the power from the stars. Instead, he let the nine stars move with his own power.
Drilling wood to make fire was the process of producing heat while the material was moving at high speed. Only then could the wood be drilled into flames. All heat was produced during movement!
The hotter the star, the more intense the activity inside.
The power of the nine stars was so strong that even Luo Zheng himself felt terrified. One could imagine the heat emitted when this power was mobilized!
Therefore, the temperature, which had dropped suddenly, began to rise slowly under the illumination of the nine stars!
After settling down his inner world, Luo Zheng was still calm and unhurried. He continued to move forward with the large group.
120,000 kilometers …
At this stage, only two people in the Divine Hunters hadn't devoured the Golden Sun Fruit.
The Sky Dome Clan's performance was slightly better. As cultivators, their ability to understand and adapt to the laws was much stronger than the Mountain Crushing Clan's. However, the Mountain Crushing Clan's members had relied on their physical bodies to withstand the attacks. It was not a simple comparison between the stronger and the weaker ones.
As for the Yuanhe Clan, only one martial artist was left. It was their leader, Jin Yue.
The Yuanhe Clan was calm. Perhaps there were still a few people in the clan who could persevere. However, they didn't like to compete with others and knew that there was no need to force themselves. Many people had left early and swallowed the Golden Sun Fruit.
Even the three leaders, Lei Toad, Jin Yue, and Gong Yu, were becoming more and more tired as they resisted the corrosion of the surging cold flames!
In order to resist the cold flame poison, they became more and more focused. At first, they were still paying attention to Luo Zheng, but in the end, they could only concentrate on moving forward while using all the strength in their bodies to protect themselves!
As for the other martial artists, they were all paying attention to Luo Zheng!
"When Sage Jiu stepped into the Sage Realm and was conferred as one of the three new Sages, he didn't accept a single disciple!"
"According to convention, when a Sage has a new understanding of the laws in the Realm of the Gods, he would record his own understanding on a tablet and pass it down to the world! After all, at their level, laws are nothing more than floating clouds, and the space in the Realm of the Gods to explore new laws and mysteries is getting smaller and smaller! "
"However, Sage Jiu broke the convention and refused to pass down the tablet to the world. Instead, he sealed the mysteries of the Icy Soul Devil Flame in this place and led countless geniuses to enter to comprehend it, but they all returned in failure! None succeeded! "
"It's said that a certain Sage went to question Sage Jiu! However, Sage Jiu just nodded and smiled, saying that he would definitely keep his promises! "
"… …"
In the group, a martial artist wearing a purple crown was standing atop a flying shuttle, speaking loudly and leisurely. Some of the Realm of the Gods martial artists had already heard him speak many times, and some of the secondary life forms from the universe were listening with rapt attention.
The disparity between secondary life forms and Realm of the Gods martial artists wasn't just a matter of resources and birth, but also a great disparity in information. Thus, all of the secondary life forms, including Luo Zheng, were extremely cautious and did their best to gather information about the Realm of the Gods.
As the purple crowned martial artist saw the foreign martial artists' rapt attention, he was also happy to show off. "In fact, according to my speculations, if you want to truly comprehend the Icy Soul Devil Flame, you have to rely on your own strength and not use the Golden Sun Fruit to pass through the Icy Soul Icy Plains! Hehe, it's a pity that no one has succeeded so far! Even Han Cangyan was only able to last 130,000 miles before he was defeated! That Han Cangyan is still a little bit lacking … "
Hearing the purple crowned martial artist's words, Han Liusu and Han Chuyue glanced at each other. From the side, He Zuowei coldly said, "Someone has already proposed this point of view. To say that it's your own speculation is just too shameless. My Han Family's young master is indeed a little bit lacking, but I wonder how much you're lacking?"
After being choked by He Zuowei, the purple crowned martial artist was a bit embarrassed.
After all, for Han Cangyan to be able to walk 130,000 miles was already an astonishing result. The key point was that at that time, Han Cangyan hadn't broken through to the World Lord realm and was only at the Divine Transformation realm.
But after Han Cangyan became a World Lord, he actually didn't want to come.
The profound meanings of the Icy Soul Devil Flame were indeed fierce, but the dual body and energy cultivator Han Cangyan was still the young master of the Saint Sovereign's side. He might not have placed it in his eyes.
Although Luo Zheng had divided a portion of his attention to resist the Icy Soul Devil Flame Poison, he was still paying attention to the purple crowned martial artist.
Had he reached the end of the Icy Soul Icy Plains?
Now, he had already traveled a hundred and twenty thousand and a half miles. The remaining distance was only twenty thousand miles.
If he really reached the end by himself, would the purple crowned martial artist's words really happen? Would he be able to comprehend the Icy Soul Devil Flame?
Luo Zheng wasn't sure if this profound meaning was strong or not. But, since it was the unique skill of a Saint, it shouldn't be weak, right?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's interest was piqued. Before this, he was still considering whether or not it was necessary to continue walking like this. If this was just a pure test without any rewards, Luo Zheng wouldn't force himself to continue. He wasn't a masochist …
But now, it seemed that he had to give it a try.
Not long after, everyone finally broke through 130,000 miles!
The moment they entered 130,000 miles, an accident occurred.
The Yuan He Clan's Jin Yue immediately announced that she was giving up. At the same time, she swallowed a Golden Sun Fruit. The Mountain Shattering Clan only had Thunder Toad left. As for the Sky Vault Clan, there were still two people left. They were Gong Yu and another Elder called Fei Chen.
At this moment, Fei Chen silently fell downwards!
In order to resist the Icy Soul Devil Flame Poison, he had no time to divert his attention. By the time he noticed the problem, the Elder had already fallen.
"Fei Chen!"
"Elder Fei!"
Someone screamed. More and more people rushed towards Fei Chen, but they were still a bit too slow!
Everyone watched as Elder Fei Chen was touched by the Icy Soul Devil Flame below. Then, Fei Chen's entire body turned into a block of ice and fell down stiffly!
"Crash!"
It wasn't that Fei Chen didn't try to save himself. The moment he fell, his entire body emitted raging flames. He wanted to resist the Icy Soul Devil Flame, but the bright yellow flames were only formed by True Essence. How could they resist the power of the Icy Soul Devil Flame?
In an instant, the raging flames disappeared in front of everyone's eyes. Then, everyone heard a crisp "ping ping" sound. It was the sound of glass smashing on the ground. Fei Chen's body directly shattered …

Chapter 1535
Although people died every time they passed through the Frost Flame Icefield, it was very rare for an elder of the Sky Vault Clan to die.
After all, the Sky Vault Clan mainly cultivated true essence. They were also exploring the speculations of the Realm of the Gods.
Almost every once in a while, the Sky Vault Clan would try to pass through the Frost Flame Icefield, hoping that a miracle would happen and they would be able to comprehend the mysteries within.
But what the Sky Vault Clan didn't know was that as early as the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the Realm of the Gods martial artists called Saint Jiu, had created the six great clans, he had already created a boundary that was impossible to cross!
Whether it was Lei Toad, Gong Yu, or Jin Yue of the Yuanhe Clan …
Their performance was outstanding, and their strength improved rapidly. But when they reached a limit, they couldn't advance any further.
It wasn't that their talent wasn't enough, nor was it that their willpower wasn't enough. It was because this boundary had been planted from the day the six major clans were born.
So for so many years, the elites and elders of the Sky Vault Clan couldn't cross the Frost Flame Icefield with their own strength no matter how hard they tried. They were destined to be infinitely close!
After that elder died, Gong Yu and Lei Toad also gave up. Both of them swallowed a Golden Sun Fruit, and their complexions immediately improved.
Now everyone's eyes gathered on Luo Zheng again. Among the hundreds of people in the team, only Luo Zheng hadn't swallowed a Golden Sun Fruit!
At this moment, even Luo Zheng became cautious …
Under the crazy influx of the Frost Flame Poison, the power of the nine star spheres in Luo Zheng's body flowed faster and faster!
But purely relying on the radiance of the nine star spheres couldn't completely melt the snowflakes. Although the temperature of the Inner World was stabilized within a limit, the temperature was still slowly dropping!
Starting from 130,000 miles, the power of the Frost Flame Poison increased a bit after flying a thousand miles forward. The threat it brought to Luo Zheng also increased.
The power of the nine star spheres wasn't limitless. It would take a long time to completely recover the power source, and passing through the Frost Flame Icefield was only the first step …
The others didn't speed up to pass through the icefield because of the threat of the Frost Flame Poison.
Although the Golden Sun Fruit had the power of a Yang Flame, it was still in danger of being extinguished in the face of a large amount of Cold Flame Poison, so everyone maintained a relatively uniform speed. This speed was neither fast nor slow.
Since Luo Zheng wanted to challenge the Frostflame Icefield, and he could withstand the corrosion of the Frostflame Poison, there was no need for him to maintain the same speed as the others!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed. He broke through the air and rushed forward a distance of several hundred feet. The moment he passed through the space, his speed completely exploded. He turned into a straight line in front of everyone and advanced at an unimaginable speed!
"Sou!"
"Ah! Is that kid crazy? "
"He just broke Han Cangyan's record, and he's already risking his life to advance!"
"If he can really endure the Frost Flame Poison, then doing this can reduce the pressure on me. After all, the shorter the time it takes, the less True Essence will be consumed …"
Gong Yu, Lei Toad, and Jin Yue looked at each other.
"This Fire Expeller is really extraordinary," Jin Yue could not help but praise.
"Maybe he can really pass through safely," Lei Toad said, staring at the thin line that was gradually fading away.
Gong Yu's face showed a worried expression, "What if this kid can't withstand it and dies here?"
The reason why they had mobilized so many people this time was because of the existence of Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng died, there would be no need for them to continue moving forward. However, they had mobilized so many people this time, so it seemed even more inappropriate for them to just go back like this.
"Let's follow and see," Lei Toad nodded. No matter what, Luo Zheng's life was the most important. As for whether he could comprehend the mysteries of the Frostflame Icefield, it was not important.
After the three of them made up their minds, they also quickly chased after him. However, as they chased after him, they found that the distance between them and Luo Zheng was actually getting farther and farther. After chasing for about ten thousand miles, the three of them showed bitter smiles on their faces. This kid had actually run away without a trace.
Fortunately, the Frostflame Icefield was only a vast plain. Apart from the ubiquitous frostflame poison, there were no other dangers …
The whistling cold wind was like an axe, slashing Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, Luo Zheng had completely disappeared. Countless blue frostflames completely enveloped him, making him look like a large ball of flames flying through the air!
In addition to wholeheartedly rushing forward, Luo Zheng put more attention on the world inside his body.
An unprecedented storm was rising above the Central Continent of his Inner World. This storm only contained sixty percent of the power of the Law of Wind, which was Luo Zheng's own comprehension of the Law of Wind. However, when combined with the Chaotic Qi, the power it displayed was naturally extraordinary!
This storm directly covered the entire Central Continent, as well as the World Tree. The reason he raised this storm was to protect the entire Central Continent. Within his Inner World, the frostflame poison had turned into more and more snow. If this snow really covered the Central Continent, then all the living beings within his Inner World would likely die!
All the snowflakes were blown into the surrounding Chaos Sea. The Chaos Sea, which was originally surging with waves, was now showing signs of being frozen. Pieces of floating ice appeared on the brown seawater, and these floating ice pieces were about to connect into one.
If it were a martial artist that cultivated true essence, then everything within their Inner World would have already been frozen. But in the end, this Chaotic Sea was not something that a Saint could seal. Moreover, Luo Zheng had given the Chaotic Qi the ability to devour!
After rapidly swallowing the snowflakes, the nine stars began to emit a dazzling light that covered the entire Chaotic Sea!
Within his Inner World, the countless living beings could already feel the aura of doomsday. Millions of martial artists were incessantly praying …
"We hope that the World Supporting Sage will expel this deadly poisonous snow with his great Saint strength!"
"Bless our people for all eternity!"
"The Sage's great supernatural ability will protect our people from this crisis!"
Luo Zheng could sense every single word that reverberated within his Inner World. This was the instinct of a builder. At this moment, Luo Zheng had no time to pay attention to them.
"Go!"
Whoosh!
140,000 miles!
Soon, Luo Zheng rushed out of the 140,000 mile boundary …
The flames on the Icy Plains had already been extinguished. However, this wasn't true extinguishment. When matter reached a certain limit, it would change its appearance. For example, when water's temperature dropped to a certain limit, it would turn into ice!
The frostflame here also changed its state, turning into regular icicles that were like sharp swords inserted into the ground.
This was a world of absolute low temperatures.
There was no aura of life. Even the flow of energy and the transformation of Laws had come to a standstill.
There was no wind, and even sound couldn't be transmitted.
Everything around was incomparably quiet. Only Luo Zheng was silently moving forward in the air …
The frostflame poison didn't just freeze Luo Zheng's Inner World. Even the flow of his blood, the beating of his heart, and his thoughts were frozen and rigid!
"Go!"
Under this temperature, Luo Zheng almost stopped thinking. There was only one thought in his mind, and that was to rush forward!
At this moment, a strange change occurred in the vast Icy Plains.
These dense icicles were originally ice blue, but a part of them suddenly turned orange. The two colors formed a sharp contrast, and this part of the orange icicles outlined huge runes!
When Luo Zheng flew over these runes, those orange icicles began to fade little by little, turning back into ice blue …
Luo Zheng galloped forward. The runes below him also began to fade, as if those different-colored icicles were a welcome carpet laid out for Luo Zheng. After he passed by, this road began to dissipate by itself.
Although Luo Zheng's thoughts were extremely rigid, he still noticed the strange phenomenon below. After all, in his field of vision, he could see an orange rune extending into the distance. Unfortunately, he had no time to look at these runes. He could only rush forward!
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the end of the Icy Plains. Those runes had completely disappeared.

Chapter 1536
This mirror was like a massive lake of mercury, placed in front of Luo Zheng and blocking his path.
Luo Zheng slowly approached this massive mirror.
He could see that there was an identical version of himself in the mirror, and it was also slowly approaching him.
Finally, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently pressed it against the mirror. Ripples immediately appeared where his fingertips touched, spreading out in all directions.
"This really is a lake of mercury!"
Standing there, Luo Zheng did not act blindly without thinking.
If his guess was correct, this should be the entrance to the Inner World that Gong Yu had spoken of.
He knew nothing about the so-called Outer World and the Inner World. It was best to wait until those natives arrived.
As Luo Zheng approached the mirror, the Cold Flame Poison also completely vanished. The temperature of Luo Zheng's inner world began to rapidly rise, gradually calming down the storm within his body. The nine stars within his body also gradually stopped revolving.
If Luo Zheng continued to madly revolve the Nine Stars, they would release an intense heat that would burn all the living beings within his inner world to death.
Just as Luo Zheng was attempting to restore his inner world to normal, he suddenly discovered that there seemed to be something on the Primal Chaos Sea!
"Incantations?"
Luo Zheng's expression suddenly froze.
Just now, as he was rushing over, he had seen a path of incantations appear in front of him. As he continued to advance, this path continued to disappear along with him …
Now that he looked back, he saw that the incantations had already completely vanished.
At the time, Luo Zheng's thoughts had been frozen by the cold of this place. He simply didn't have the mind to examine them one by one.
But who could have imagined that this string of incantations spanning several thousand li had already been imprinted on the Primal Chaos Sea!
"These incantations are the mysteries of that Saint Jiu?"
Luo Zheng's gaze focused on the numerous wrinkles. Under the cover of this layer of incantations, they formed a circular strip that extended several thousand li above the Primal Chaos Sea, rising and falling on the surface of the sea!
These incantations were similar to the Sanskrit that Luo Zheng had seen before!
There were many types of Sanskrit. For example, Buddhist scriptures were also recorded in Sanskrit. However, Luo Zheng had only seen three types of Sanskrit.
The first kind was the Sanskrit that appeared on Luo Zheng's body. It was the Sanskrit that recorded the Highest Weapon Refining Method. Luo Zheng had seen this kind of Sanskrit many times. Every time his body was refined by the strange flame, the golden Sanskrit would appear on his body.
As for the second type of Sanskrit, Luo Zheng had seen it once when Luo Xi Xuan used her full strength …
However, the two Sanskrit fonts were very similar. They were almost identical, but the arrangement and content of the Sanskrit characters were different.
The key point was that Luo Zheng had never come into contact with this kind of culture, so he naturally couldn't understand it.
Now, the incantations Luo Zheng saw were similar in form to the first two types, but the writing method was completely different. It seemed to lack a certain charm.
"Right, these three types of Sanskrit should have come from the same culture. I didn't have time to carefully examine them before, but now it seems that these incantations should be the same type of Sanskrit. It's just that the writers are different …"
Everyone's writing method was different. The same sentence could be written by different people. Some were like dragons flying and phoenixes flying, while others were like willow bones.
The incantations in front of Luo Zheng should have been written by the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, that 'Sage Jiu'! Inferring from this, this Sage Jiu should have also obtained a Sanskrit, and the Ice Soul Devil Flame was recorded in this Sanskrit?
Luo Zheng had too little information, so he could only infer to this extent.
If this was true, then the Ice Soul Devil Flame might not be as simple as an Ice Law Profound …
Just as he was thinking this, the belt of light formed from Sanskrit suddenly floated above the Primal Chaos Sea. Like a living creature, it floated towards Luo Zheng's Central Continent!
"Eh?"
As he saw these Sanskrit characters begin to move, Luo Zheng became vigilant.
However, his inner world wasn't as fragile as the inner worlds of other martial artists. Primal Chaos Qi was an extremely tyrannical thing. Strictly speaking, it was the highest level of source matter. If these Sanskrit characters moved in the slightest, Luo Zheng would use Primal Chaos Qi to instantly swallow them up.
What Luo Zheng was worried about had happened, and it was even beyond his control. As these Sanskrit characters flowed for thousands of miles, they circled a sea region on the other side of the Central Continent. Then, the temperature of this sea region began to plummet!
As these Sanskrit characters began to emit a cold air, Luo Zheng immediately used the characteristics of Primal Chaos Qi to swallow these Sanskrit characters!
But Luo Zheng soon discovered that his actions were futile!
These Sanskrit characters simply couldn't be swallowed up. Even the Primal Chaos Sea that was circled by these Sanskrit characters couldn't be controlled by Luo Zheng. At this moment, it seemed that there was a part of the Primal Chaos within his body that wasn't under Luo Zheng's control.
He had actually lost control of his inner world. This was something that had never happened before.
In just a moment, the Primal Chaos Qi in this sea region began to freeze. At the same time, it began to transform into an extremely solid layer of ice. At first, these layers of ice were brown. After all, they were formed from the Primal Chaos Sea. But soon, they turned bluish-white, just like the Icy Flame Icefield!
"Rumble, rumble …"
This icefield wasn't small. It was almost a third of the size of the Central Continent!
With such a huge icefield appearing on one side, the entire Central Continent began to shake under the pressure. The creatures living on the Central Continent naturally panicked in the face of such a violent earthquake!
Fortunately, the tremors quickly disappeared. When the ice sheet was formed, the earthquake stopped.
At the same time, an icicle suddenly appeared in the center of the icefield. As soon as this icicle appeared, it began to grow crazily. As it continued to grow, the top of the icicle began to split into countless branches …
In the blink of an eye, the icicle turned into a huge ice tree that stood erect on the icefield!
"Now there's another continent …" Luo Zheng muttered to himself.
This icefield that suddenly appeared formed a compression force in his inner world, pushing the Primal Chaos Sea away. Luo Zheng felt his dantian faintly expand. This was the expansion of his inner world. It was also a manifestation of his cultivation increasing!
The ice tree continued to grow. It was originally only a thousand feet tall, but after a few dozen breaths, the ice tree had grown to several thousand feet tall. It was almost the same size as the World Tree on the other side of the Central Continent!
At the same time, a magnificent Icy Flame Flower bloomed at the top of this ice tree.
If one looked down from the sky at this moment, on the west side of the Central Continent, there was a green World Tree that reached into the clouds. On the other side, there was a sparkling and translucent ice tree. The two were opposite to each other, but also resonated with each other from a distance …
Luo Zheng still didn't know what this meant.
However, in the past, after the Good Fortune Axe gave the Divine Realm a chance of survival, it also received the Weapon Grandmaster Heaven Splitting …
Ruo Mu, Builder Mu, Fusang Mu, Xunmu.
Perhaps these Four Great Trees weren't amazing by themselves …
It was just that these Four Great Trees had been planted in the first Divine Era. Their roots directly penetrated the Divine Realm and extended into the Primal Chaos. They had the ability to absorb Primal Chaos for their own use. After absorbing for countless years, they finally had the qualifications to become Great Trees!
These Four Great Trees stabilized the Divine Realm. At the same time, they also relied on the Divine Realm to stabilize their own positions, becoming the four unshakable pillars of the Divine Realm.
Luo Zheng had previously used a World Tree to give birth to the first Great Tree. Now, on the icefield, another Ice Tree had appeared. It could also absorb Primal Chaos Qi and grow. In the future, it could also grow into a Great Tree!
As for that Icy Flame Flower …
Luo Zheng withdrew his consciousness from his inner world. Then, he opened his five fingers!
"Hiss –"
A cold flame burned in Luo Zheng's hand.
As expected!
Luo Zheng revealed a smile. Then, he poured Primal Chaos Qi into the cold flame!
"Huala!"
In the blink of an eye, this cold flame expanded by more than ten times. It instantly surrounded Luo Zheng. The cold air emitted by this cold flame even froze the mercury on the nearby mirror.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1537
The freezing power of this Ice Flame was extremely terrifying. Most importantly, this Ice Flame Profound was inherited from the Ice Principle of the God Realm, and could be considered a complete Principle.
It was unlike many Principles of the universe, which relied on the Sage's own comprehension and often had deviations and imperfections!
After experimenting for a while, Luo Zheng gently squeezed his hand, and the Ice Flame instantly dissipated in his hand. A faint smile appeared on his face. This Profound cultivated by the Sage could be his trump card at a critical moment.
As for how powerful this Ice Flame was, he didn't have the time to test it out, so he could only wait in front of the mirror.
While waiting, Luo Zheng pondered for a while, then took out the Golden Sun Fruit and swallowed it.
He didn't know what this Ice Soul Devil Flame meant, and whether it was really just a Profound of the Ice Principle, but as a precaution, Luo Zheng didn't want to spread this matter.
If he didn't swallow this Golden Sun Fruit, those people would inevitably ask him about it, and he was afraid that he would have to fabricate another excuse. He might as well swallow the Golden Sun Fruit right now.
Not long after, Gong Yu, Lei Toad, and Jin Yue finally passed through the Ice Flame Icefield, and saw Luo Zheng standing alone in front of the mirror. After sizing him up, Gong Yu couldn't wait to ask, "Luo Zheng, you swallowed the Golden Sun Fruit?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
After receiving Luo Zheng's confirmation, the three of them showed disappointment on their faces …
Without a doubt, Luo Zheng was the last person who could pass through the Ice Flame Icefield without using the Golden Sun Fruit. Previously, when Luo Zheng was running wildly, the three of them couldn't find any trace of Luo Zheng. They even thought that Luo Zheng had died in the Ice Flame Icefield.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would still reach the end of the Ice Flame Icefield, but it was a pity that he used the Golden Sun Fruit.
"How long did you last?" Gong Yu asked again.
Luo Zheng smiled, "When there were still five thousand li left, I couldn't hold on any longer, so I swallowed the Golden Sun Fruit into my stomach. It was a failure at the final stage."
"Alas …" Gong Yu sighed deeply. He didn't know if it was because he didn't get to see the secret solved or because Luo Zheng didn't persist until the end.
Jin Yue's state of mind was stable, so she looked at this matter indifferently. "It's already not easy to persist for 145,000 miles. At the very least, no one has ever reached this stage before!"
Other than the warriors in the Third Transformation of the Divine Realm, there were many Sector Lords who tried to break through the Frost Flame Ice Field. However, the cultivation of a Sector Lord was limited after all. Therefore, someone once concluded that only a True God could pass through the Frost Flame Ice Field with their own strength!
Under normal circumstances, True Gods were not allowed to enter the universe.
As for the fact that there were no Heavenly Venerables in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement and no True God had ever been born, who could truly rely on their own strength to cross this icy plain?
Thunder Toad chuckled. "If Luo Zheng enters the inner world and his cultivation reaches the Divine Transformation realm, he can return to Frostflame Icefield! There really is hope! "
"Yes." Gong Yu's eyes flashed.
It had to be said that when the six great races were created, the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement bestowed them with powerful innate talents, nearly perfect bodies, and unique cultivation grounds. However, their master had taken away their right to explore the Forbidden Land of God!
In a complete universe, there were countless lives and countless races that struggled for survival. On one hand, there was the danger of survival, but on the other hand, there was an intense thirst for knowledge!
The six great races didn't face any danger of survival. As the natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, their status was naturally higher than that of outsiders. Even the martial artists from the Divine Realm were lower than them. But, their thirst for knowledge couldn't be satisfied in the slightest.
Were they created just to serve those martial artists from other races? There was even a prophet assigned to each race to monitor them. If so, then what was the purpose of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement?
To wild beasts, these questions were meaningless. But to intelligent life forms, these mysteries were enough to drive them insane.
Whether or not Luo Zheng obtained the inheritance of the Ice Laws wasn't important. What was important was that it could solve the doubts in their hearts. Thus, Gong Yu and the others were even more enthusiastic than Luo Zheng himself …
The four of them waited here for a while. Then, the brigade behind them finally caught up.
Even if they swallowed the Golden Sun Fruit and formed a sun in their dantian that constantly released heat, it was still difficult for them to pass through the last 10,000 miles.
As they passed through the last stretch of the journey, there were still three people who were permanently frozen in this icy plain because their strength wasn't enough. Two of them were martial artists from other races and one was a martial artist from the Sky Vault Race.
The stronger martial artists were in a slightly better situation. As for the weaker martial artists, their complexions were all pale. The Ice Laws contained in that silent world could even freeze the sun. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that they had escaped death.
But this time, venturing into the inner world was their own choice. Whether it was the martial artists from other races or the three great races, they had all mentally prepared themselves!
To the martial artists from other races, the inner world was a great opportunity. If they followed these natives, they could reap unimaginable benefits. To the three great races, this was a desperate attempt to cut off all means of retreat!
After everyone had arrived, Gong Yu raised his voice. "This Mirror Lake is the entrance and exit between the Inner World and the Surface World. These are two completely different worlds. Once you enter the Inner World, the danger level will increase by several times. Our three races will do our best. Everyone, please proceed with caution and follow our arrangements! If you act rashly and lose your life, it's your own business! "
Many people nodded silently.
Then, Gong Yu flapped his wings and walked toward the Mirror Lake with his head raised!
Soon, the layer of mercury covered his entire body and swallowed him … Then, the Thunder Toad, Jin Yue, and the others entered the Mirror Lake in a single file.
At this moment, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He turned around and went into the Mirror Lake.
The bright silver substance in the Mirror Lake looked similar to mercury, but after entering it, Luo Zheng realized that it wasn't mercury, but a kind of Space Law!
He didn't know to what extent this "Sage Jiu" had cultivated the Space Law, but the power of the Space Law didn't dissipate at all. Instead, it solidified into this silver liquid substance.
This layer of substance was only three meters wide. After taking a few steps, Luo Zheng emerged from this layer of "mercury". At this moment, what entered his eyes was an even more bizarre world.
The inner world in the Mirror Lake was a huge cave, but the scenery in this cave was distorted. A pale yellow light scattered from the top of the cave, coating everything in this world in the color of dusk.
The mountains in the distance were in an extremely distorted state, as if they were in an illusion, filled with an extremely unreal feeling.
After everyone entered, Gong Yu suddenly made a "hush" expression, and then pointed at a row of black hills not far away …
Because the environment here was too illusory, everyone, including Luo Zheng, had their vision distorted. Everyone didn't trust what they saw with their eyes, so they only looked at the surrounding environment. They only glanced at the black hills and didn't see them clearly.
However, Gong Yu and the others had entered and exited this world many times. When he pointed, the expressions of all the warriors present changed greatly!
Those black hills were actually rows upon rows of slumbering Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes.
Whether it was the Realm Lords, the Third Transformation Realm warriors, or the people of the three major races, they all couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva. No one dared to make a sound at this moment.
"Sister …" Han Chuyue's face was deathly pale.
Although her voice was soft, it instantly attracted a cold glare. Gong Yu turned around and stared at Han Chuyue, his eyes faintly filled with killing intent!
Han Liusu could only quickly cover her mouth.
It was rumored that there were only three Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes in the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but in this world, there were over a hundred …

Chapter 1538
Fortunately, these Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes were in a state of deep sleep. These huge fellows lay there quietly as if they were dead …
Gong Yu's mouth moved and a light blue True Essence spread out. Under the True Essence Sound Transmission, a voice sounded in everyone's ears, "Everyone, try not to make a sound. Just follow behind me."
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was originally a rather chaotic place. Without a strict structure, it appeared chaotic and without order.
As for the world here, it was even more chaotic …
This batch of Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes had never left the inner world. However, the last time they entered the inner world, this batch of Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes did not lie here sleeping. Instead, they were in the depths of the inner world between a mountain range.
The first time they saw this batch of Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, Gong Yu and the others were shocked. However, these Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes were in a deep sleep. As long as they were careful, they should not be awakened!
Even so, with so many huge creatures lying here, the pressure they gave everyone was quite great.
Every one of them moved forward slowly and softly.
Fortunately, martial artists of this level were already skilled in controlling their bodies. The scene was in a state of absolute silence. Not even the slightest sound of footsteps could be heard.
However, if they maintained this state of tiptoe, their speed would not be fast. After a while, everyone walked for more than ten miles.
However, at this moment, no one dared to fly at full speed. After all, facing a huge creature like the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, ten miles was just a step away.
However, everyone was slightly relaxed. After all, the further they were from these strange beasts, the safer they felt.
"Rumble …"
At this moment, everyone suddenly felt the ground shake.
When the ground shook, accompanied by a rumbling sound, everyone's faces instantly turned deathly pale. They all turned back at the same time ….
Among the hundreds of Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, two of them slowly raised their huge bodies. They looked like a huge snake that had just woken up. Their cylindrical heads were looking over.
Luo Zheng also turned his head to look. His brows suddenly furrowed, and then his gaze fell on Han Liusu …
When the two of them looked at each other, there seemed to be a different layer of meaning. At the same time, He Zuowei and the others beside Han Liusu also remembered. Finally, the Thunder Toad also reacted.
In their group, there was also the deadly Han Liusu!
For some reason, this Han Liusu seemed to have a fatal attraction to these strange beasts.
When Luo Zheng had just arrived at the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he had been chased by the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede because Han Liusu had attracted it.
Later on, the True Martial Sacred Beast came!
The Thunder Toad knew about this, but he didn't react in time. After all, even if Han Liusu could attract the True Martial Sacred Beast, it didn't mean that she could attract all the strange beasts.
However, at this moment, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede, the Heavenly Centipede..
But now wasn't the time to dwell on this issue …
"Rumble!"
When the two Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes stood up, they were like a towering mountain range that reached into the clouds. Their bodies blocked the light source above the cave, forming a huge projection that enveloped all the Martial Warriors.
"Go! "I I I"
Gong Yu did not understand why he would wake these Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes up so carefully.
Last time, when they passed by these Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, someone accidentally knocked down a large rock that was as tall as a person. When it smashed into these Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, those Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes seemed to be dead and did not wake them up at all.
Today, this group of people performed even better. Other than the woman from Han Jia who casually said something, there was not a single sound at all. How did they wake up these Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes?
However, Gong Yu could not investigate the matter here. With a wave of his hand, he led all the people from the Sky Vault Clan to fly forward.
As for the Mountain Crumbling Clan, the Yuan He Clan, the Realm of the Gods martial artists, and the foreign martial artists, they all followed behind!
At this moment, one of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes had already opened its huge mouth and pounced towards them.
"Boom!"
This pounce just happened to cover the group of people from the Mountain Crumbling Clan!
When such a huge creature toppled over, the mountains immediately shook and the earth shook!
However, although this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was terrifying, it could not do anything to the Mountain Crumbling Clan in the end.
Following several muffled sounds, everyone saw this huge Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede suddenly fall to the side. The few people from the Mountain Crumbling Clan's Divine Hunting Team finally made their move.
In a pure contest of strength, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede might be very terrifying, but the Mountain Crumbling Clan was even stronger!
If there were only one or two Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes here, this group of Mountain Crumbling Clan members would not run at all. The ones that should be fleeing should be the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes …
The key was that there were over a hundred Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes here!
Under such intense movements, more and more Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes woke up. After those Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes woke up, they very quickly discovered their targets and rushed towards the group one after another.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh —"
Everyone erupted with their fastest speed, leaving behind a line in the air as they shot forward.
The Mountain Crumbling Clan might be able to restrain one or two Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, but there were several dozen Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes pouncing over. If they ran a little slower, they would probably be eaten until not even dregs were left!
"Rumble!"
The second Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede suddenly twisted its body and shot over again.
In just a few breaths' time, the group had already fled dozens of miles away. However, this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede's body stretched over hundreds of miles. How could they outrun it?
Seeing this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede open its ring-shaped mouth, it was like a huge mountain pressing down.
The third Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede swept over from the side. Clearly, these two Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes wanted to compete with each other for the most delicious food in their hearts, which was also their only target — Han Liusu!
Everyone was still fleeing in panic.
Luo Zheng was already standing on the spot. In a situation where he could not escape, he could only choose to calmly counterattack!
However, this time, it was not Luo Zheng's turn to attack!
The leader of the Yuan He Clan, Jin Yue, suddenly roared, "Our Clan is united!"
The six Yuan He Clan elites beside Jin Yue also shouted at the same time, "Our Clan is united!" At the same time, the six Yuan He Clan elites stretched out their hands and pressed on their heads. They closed their eyes and golden light flashed above their heads!
The golden light suddenly spiraled out and connected head to tail, surrounding Jin Yue!
"Confusion!"
At this moment, Jin Yue also pressed on her head!
At this moment, a very unique energy spread out from Jin Yue's body!
This energy was colorless and formless, but everyone present could feel it. Everyone immediately felt anxious in their hearts, as if they wanted to tear everything around them apart!
Luo Zheng was no exception. He felt his mind in a panic, and at the same time, he released a tyrannical aura!
This feeling was somewhat similar to baleful aura entering the body, but it was also fundamentally different.
Baleful aura only stimulated the martial artist's body and magnified the martial artist's violent side. However, this kind of energy directly affected a person's mind and changed their original intentions!
This energy that affected the mind was not released towards the group, but towards the two Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes. Just a trace of energy that escaped was enough to make everyone panic.
When that invisible energy poured into one of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, that Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede suddenly let out a strange howl. It actually changed direction at the last moment and pounced towards the other Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede! The other Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was not to be outdone. It also raised its head and began to counterattack. These two Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes actually began to kill each other.
"This Yuan He Clan doesn't seem strong, but their ability to directly control others' minds is extremely powerful!" When Luo Zheng saw this scene, he couldn't help but be secretly shocked.
With this attack, the Yuan He Clan could be considered to have stalled the two Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes at the front.
However, the hundreds of Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes behind them were already rolling over. With so many huge creatures attacking, hundreds of huge mountain ranges were moving. Everyone saw the ground beneath their feet move like waves, constantly rolling and rolling. The momentum was so great that it was indescribable!

Chapter 1539
As they scrambled to escape, the entire group was pulled into a straight line.
Gong Yu led the Sky Dome Clan members to the front, but that didn't mean they were the safest.
The world here was filled with all kinds of messy rules. Taking a single step out of this world would bring about a calamity to one's life.
The Mountain Crumbling Clan members were in the middle of the group, while the Yuan He Clan members began to cover the rear!
Leader Jin Yue controlled two Formless Heavenly Centipedes to block the rear of the group. The other Formless Heavenly Centipedes began to attack the two Formless Heavenly Centipedes with all their might.
The collision between the mountain-like bodies produced a dull rumble. The shockwaves from the collision set off a storm that made it difficult for people to stand still. If a low-level creature was sucked into this storm of invisible energy, they would be instantly torn to pieces.
However, Jin Yue's strategy was still quite effective. The two Formless Heavenly Centipedes blocked the rear and slowed down the speed of the other Formless Heavenly Centipedes.
However, it didn't last for long before the ground behind the group suddenly collapsed!
"Rumble …"
The ground cracked, and the Formless Heavenly Centipede's huge circular mouth drilled out from the depths of the ground. Not only could this Formless Heavenly Centipede move along the ground, but it could also move freely underground!
The few Yuan He Clan members at the rear couldn't dodge in time and instantly disappeared into the Formless Heavenly Centipede's mouth. Generally speaking, such a huge exotic beast also had a huge internal world. However, this Formless Heavenly Centipede's internal world was probably quite cruel, and there was absolutely no turning back after entering.
Although the Formless Heavenly Centipede that rushed out from the ground had swallowed a few Yuan He Clan members, it clearly wasn't satisfied with this. Its huge body folded in the air and swooped down toward the group again!
Jin Yue at the rear of the group could only change her target again. She pressed her hands on her head and targeted the Formless Heavenly Centipede.
Even with Jin Yue's ability and the six Yuan He Clan elites, she could only control two Formless Heavenly Centipedes at most. After the Formless Heavenly Centipede in front of them lost its nature, one of the two Formless Heavenly Centipedes that were fighting earlier regained its consciousness and joined the army at the same time.
The Formless Heavenly Centipedes were like moving mountains, and their momentum that could crush everything made everyone tremble in fear.
Everyone's heart sank at this moment …
The world here was actually a mirror world. This world looked strange and lustrous, but everything in it was a reflection of another world.
Previously, they had crossed the vast Frost Flame Ice Field, so the area in front of them was the same size as the ice field. It was just that this plain was not frozen …
With their speed, it was absolutely impossible for them to shake off these Formless Heavenly Centipedes in such a vast space. The only outcome was to be crushed and devoured by them …
"Run! They're catching up!"
....................
. I.......................................................
.....................................................
............................
There were many dangers in this world, but it wasn't the first time they had ventured here. Countless of their clansmen had fallen here, and they had gained a lot of experience, which was enough to avoid some fatal traps.
. Gong Yu had entered this place many times, but he had never been in such danger..
. "It's our turn to bring up the rear!"
Thunder Toad's deep voice sounded like thunder, and the eyes of the Mountain Shattering Tribe members in the Dragon Hunting Team were overbearing.
Their Mountain Shattering Tribe was the most famous hunter in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They were the only ones who hunted strange beasts, so how could they tolerate being chased by strange beasts?
"It's useless, Brother Thunder Toad. You can't stop so many Formless Heavenly Centipedes," Gong Yu said with a frown. He stared ahead as if he was searching for something.
"It looks like we can't escape. Why don't we turn back and fight? We might even have a chance of survival," Thunder Toad replied.
Gong Yu was silent …
He understood Thunder Toad's words. They couldn't be faster than the Formless Heavenly Centipedes even if they ran at full speed. The situation wasn't optimistic, but Thunder Toad's so-called chance of survival was even more unreliable. Fighting against hundreds of Formless Heavenly Centipedes was simply courting death!
At this moment, his eyes suddenly lit up. On one side of the plain, there was a black ball floating slowly!
This black ball was like a pure black star, absorbing all the light around it. It looked very strange because this black ball didn't reflect any light. It gave people the feeling that there was nothing in the ball.
"That's it. Follow me!"
When Gong Yu saw this black ball, he became excited.
Others didn't know what was going on, but Gong Yu was the guide for this trip. As the leader, he led everyone in the direction, so everyone naturally followed him.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Hundreds of martial artists changed direction at the same time.
Luo Zheng and Han Jia were in the middle of the group. Other than following closely behind, they didn't have anything else to do.
After the sudden appearance of the black ball, everyone naturally noticed it.
"What is that?"
"Are we going to charge in like this?"
"Don't ask. Since Leader Gong found the way out, he should be able to avoid the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet behind …"
Han Liusu's expression was extremely gloomy. She also knew that the trouble this time was still caused by her. Ever since she left Han Jia, she had long discovered this strange thing. No matter where she escaped to, she seemed to exude a fatal temptation to these creatures with low intelligence.
She herself couldn't figure out the reason behind it.
In less than a hundred breaths' time, this group had already arrived at the black ball. Gong Yu suddenly stopped in front of the black ball, and then said loudly, "There is a special space inside this black ball, and it is connected to the other nine black balls in the inner world. Opening this black ball will still require some time. Everyone, please resist with all your strength. I will do my best!"
After saying so, Gong Yu clapped his hands. Flashes of cyan True Origin spread out, and then continuously condensed into a ball, turning into a huge cyan jade seal. Then, this cyan jade seal covered this black ball.
"Nine stars? This is one of the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier? "Luo Zheng's eyes focused slightly.
To construct a universe, the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier were indispensable.
In the universe Luo Zheng was in, there were innumerable stars, but the majority of the stars were only a foil. The crucial nine stars were embedded in the milky way that filled the sky.
These nine stars were eternal, indestructible, and were also the nine brightest stars in the four great heavens. However, when he was wandering in the higher realm, Luo Zheng's research on the stars in the sky was still short, and he didn't pay too much attention to these nine stars.
After an evolution era ended, many stars fell, and countless stars slowly rose, but among them, nine stars never fell. The nine stars were the source of a Saint's power!
However, the situation in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was a bit special.
That Saint Jiu seemed to have found another method. His power source was directly stuffed into the Mountain Shattering Race, and the nine stars that he cultivated were completely destroyed by himself!
This was Luo Zheng's speculation, and this speculation should be pretty close to the mark.
However, Luo Zheng didn't understand why this "Saint Jiu" would destroy his own nine stars and move the power source into the Mountain Shattering Race's Sacred Spring Mountain.
"There's no time!"
"Those big bugs are chasing over!"
"Ah!"
With a sharp cry, three Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes stretched their bodies and dove down from the sky, instantly burrowing into the ground, leaving behind three enormous pits. Then, these three Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes also disappeared into the pits, burrowing into the depths of the ground.
Along with these Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, there were thirty to forty martial artists that disappeared together. Most of them didn't even have time to scream before disappearing in front of everyone.
A certain amount of time was needed to open this black ball. Gong Yu's jade seal was imprinted inside, and emerald green patterns continuously spread along this black ball, but at this moment, even more Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes were surging over, and there wasn't enough time …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1540
Over a hundred Formless Heavenly Centipedes were like over a hundred moving mountains, creating a huge visual impact.
The colossal creature surged forward like a chaotic world pouring down on them.
"What are we waiting for! Run! "
"There's no time!"
"We're just waiting for death here!"
A small portion of the foreign warriors couldn't bear the torture. How could they be willing to wait here? After circling around the black ball, they scattered and fled.
They knew that there were all sorts of dangers in this world, but it was better than waiting for death.
But most of the foreign warriors didn't leave, including Luo Zheng and the Han Jia people. The people of the three great races didn't leave either. They still placed their hopes on Gong Yu.
"Let's go!"
Lei Toad roared.
The God Hunters of the Mountain Crushing Team shot towards the approaching Formless Heavenly Centipedes.
Those who could enter the God Hunters of the Mountain Crushing Team were the strongest elites of the Mountain Crushing Team. The power they could unleash was unimaginable.
"Dong dong!"
With their combined strength, they directly flipped the Formless Heavenly Centipede at the front onto the ground!
"Follow me!"
Lei Toad said as he rushed to the bottom of the Formless Heavenly Centipede. His shoulders pressed against the middle of the Formless Heavenly Centipede's scales. He actually wanted to lift the Formless Heavenly Centipede up!
His body was much larger than ordinary human beings! But compared to the Formless Heavenly Centipede, it was like comparing an elephant to an ant. It was so small that it could be ignored. This action was extremely shocking!
Other than Lei Toad, the eight members of the God Hunters also joined in.
This huge Formless Heavenly Centipede was really lifted up by them!
The Formless Heavenly Centipede kept twisting, as if it wanted to struggle off the shoulders of these little ants. Even such a huge creature couldn't struggle free from their shoulders.
"Throw it out!" Lei Toad roared.
The veins on the God Hunters of the God Hunters popped out. Their muscles were countless times stronger than steel!
All these years, they rarely faced such dangerous situations in the Mountain Crushing Team. They also rarely used their full strength. At this moment, they didn't hold back at all.
Their actions were in sync, and they really managed to throw the Formless Heavenly Centipede away.
The enormous Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede smashed out like a rolling log, rolling towards the hundred over Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes!
Both sides carried unimaginable potential energy. Throwing it out like this did indeed slightly obstruct their charging momentum, but facing the charge of over a hundred Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, the one they threw out was directly smashed into several pieces!
"Dong dong …"
"Hualala …"
After the Formless Heavenly Centipede was broken, the blood in its body erupted like mountains and rivers. The sound of a waterfall could be heard. The blood in this Formless Heavenly Centipede could probably drown an entire continent!
Being chased by so many Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes, the Martial Warriors present had long been scared out of their wits, and their morale was at an all-time low.
But the Collapsing Mountain Tribe's counterattack was also extremely powerful. It greatly boosted the morale of the martial artists present!
The Yuan He Clan and Sky Dome Clan also organized their strongest counterattacks, including the Sector Lords of Han Jia. Under He Zuowei's lead, they also tried to help …
Under the joint efforts of several hundred martial artists, they formed a strong and powerful line of defense that actually forcefully blocked this group of Phaseless Heavenly Centipedes here!
But their strength was ultimately limited.
These Phaseless Heavenly Centipedes did not fear death. They only focused on charging over here. After a brief obstruction, they once again launched an attack on this line of defense!
"Are you done!? Gong Yu! "Thunder Toad roared loudly.
Gong Yu frowned and firmly imprinted the imperial jade seal on this black ball. More and more patterns spread out from the imperial jade seal, gradually spreading to the entire surface of the black ball.
"Soon!" Gong Yu responded.
Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal, this was the name of the imperial jade seal in Gong Yu's hand.
It was not a real imperial jade seal, but an imitation made by Gong Yu using his True Essence.
A thousand years ago, when Gong Yu entered the inner world for the first time, he was separated from the other Sky Dome Clan teams and accidentally entered a cave. On the cave's stone platform, he discovered a diagram. It was a visualization diagram, and the Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal was drawn on the diagram.
Back then, Gong Yu acted as if he had obtained a treasure and kept this visualization diagram for himself. Under continuous visualization, he was able to use his True Essence to visualize this Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal.
And in the following few hundred years, Gong Yu had always been pondering this imperial jade seal's path.
The inner world was the foundation of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. He believed that this Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal definitely hid a huge secret.
Unfortunately, after pondering for several hundred years, he still could not find the answer. Only when he entered the inner world for the second time did he unravel this secret.
This Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal could allow him to enter any one of those nine black balls.
But after unraveling this secret, what followed was even greater confusion …
He had once again searched for the cave where the visualization diagram was. It was located on the edge of a cliff somewhere in the Inner World. When he entered the Inner World for the second time, he went to the cliff but found that there was no cave on the cliff at all. The cave he had entered had completely disappeared!
In order to verify his guess, Gong Yu nearly shattered that cliff, but he still could not find that cave. It was as if this cave had never existed.
With Gong Yu's memories, it was absolutely impossible for him to have such an illusion. That cave definitely existed, but someone tampered with it.
As he carefully thought about it, he discovered more and more suspicious points.
When he found that cave, it was because of a beautiful white fox. This sort of strange beast simply did not exist in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Gong Yu couldn't even recognize what this life form was. It was only after he used his memories to condense the white fox's true essence that a martial artist from the Realm of the Gods dispelled his doubts. It was only a white fox.
It was because of this white fox's enticement that he unintentionally fell off the cliff. Moreover, he just so happened to fall on top of an ancient pine tree in the middle of the cliff. He just so happened to discover that cave and just so happened to obtain this visualization diagram.
In other words, someone wanted him to obtain this visualization diagram!
As for what their goal was, Gong Yu still wasn't clear. He only knew that after opening these black balls, he could shuttle back and forth between the nine black balls. They were actually connected to each other …
But within these black balls, there was nothing, as if there was nothing at all.
After exploring these black balls, Gong Yu was quite disappointed. He originally had great hopes for these black balls, hoping that there was some inheritance hidden within. But in the end, it was nothing but empty joy.
As for the Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal in his hand, it instantly became useless. Besides opening the black balls, it didn't seem to have any other use.
Gong Yu never thought that there would be a day when he would use the Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal in such a situation. Now, these black balls were their last hope.
Unfortunately, time was too tight. Even someone as calm as him was sweating profusely. This sort of thing really couldn't be rushed.
All the martial artists constantly retreated. Even the Thunder Toad revealed a tired expression. No matter how strong the Mountain Crushing Clan was, there would be a moment when they would be exhausted. Several Divine Hunter Team martial artists even had their hands and feet trembling. Their physical strength had been severely overdrawn.
The Mountain Crushing Clan members had no choice but to retreat.
"How much longer!?" The Thunder Toad roared again, "If we don't open it soon, we will all die here!"
However, Gong Yu's side had reached the most critical moment. He only focused on injecting his true essence in an attempt to speed up the process.
Following that, the Yuan He Clan also retreated. Excessive consumption of mental energy was also a considerable drain on them.
Without the support of the two great clans, the Han Clan members couldn't hold on and could only retreat …
The defensive line they had built with all their might collapsed.
"Rumble …"
These hundred over Formless Heavenly Centipedes raised their thick heads and were about to launch their strongest wave of attacks!
At this moment, despair appeared on everyone's faces. Even if they ran, they wouldn't be able to escape the attack range of the Formless Heavenly Centipedes … Seeing those sinister and terrifying mouths coming down on them, many martial artists revealed fear in their eyes.
Some people said that the space within the Formless Heavenly Centipedes was very large, but no one had ever come out alive.
Naturally, no one knew what the space within the Formless Heavenly Centipedes was like.
Of course, no one really wanted to go in and explore. But now, they probably couldn't help themselves …
Seeing these Formless Heavenly Centipedes standing side by side and pressing down at the same time, every martial artist's face turned pale. They could already foresee their fate.
Han Liusu's face was also very ugly. At this moment, she almost subconsciously looked at Luo Zheng. She saw Luo Zheng spread out his hands!
At the same time, a rather strange scene appeared!
All the Formless Heavenly Centipedes suddenly stopped halfway, as if there was an invisible force blocking their path!
There were at least forty Formless Heavenly Centipedes at the front. With so many Formless Heavenly Centipedes pressing down, just the weight of their bodies was unimaginable, not to mention that the Formless Heavenly Centipedes carried a powerful inertia and impact from top to bottom …

Chapter 1541
At this moment, Luo Zheng was indeed doing his best.
The energy source of the nine stars in his inner world had been extracted by Luo Zheng by ninety-nine percent!
The formless energy was transformed into a huge net by Luo Zheng and swept towards the sky.
Actually, with Luo Zheng's strength, he could completely give up and flee. However, he couldn't do such a thing and could only use his full strength at this moment!
At the same time, Luo Zheng could also inspect the strongest power after the nine stars exploded!
The power that he had exploded with was equivalent to one-third of a Saint's physical strength. This power was so huge that it was difficult to measure because it had already exceeded the standard of measurement. It was difficult to describe the strength of this power!
However, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng really possessed one-third of a Saint's strength.
Power was only one of the abilities of a cultivator. If a Saint or even a True God used this power, they would be able to increase the might of this power by ten times or even a hundred times. Perhaps they would be able to easily wipe out this stretch of Formless Heavenly Puppets.
However, Luo Zheng only used a very basic use of this power. It was like a knife in the hands of a child. This knife might be the sharpest in the world, but the power that the child could unleash was ultimately limited. He couldn't unleash the full potential of this knife.
"Wu —"
The net formed by this power spread out and trapped the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes within.
Therefore, in everyone's eyes, they saw such a shocking scene. The Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes seemed to be contained in an invisible cloth bag. Then, an invisible hand grabbed the cloth bag and threw it behind!
"Boom boom …"
The forty-odd Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes at the front and the fifty-odd Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes at the back collided. The impact of these huge creatures was extremely strong. Under the violent collision, their bodies couldn't withstand the impact. A few of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes were directly broken into pieces …
The Non-Phase Heavenly Centipedes seemed to be extremely angry from the pain. Their round mouths emitted painful howls. They were like a ball of twine that twisted together and struggled crazily.
It was also because they were entangled with each other that it was difficult for them to break free from each other.
Hearing the loud noise behind him, Gong Yu knew that he couldn't be distracted at this moment, but he couldn't help but turn his head to look at this scene. His breathing involuntarily quickened. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, there was even a trace of awe in his eyes.
In his mind, Luo Zheng was just a secondary creature that wasn't worth mentioning at all. It was impossible for him to lead their exploration this time. He was just a key at a critical moment.
On the first day Luo Zheng entered the Sky Vault Clan, Gong Yu changed his opinion of Luo Zheng. This person's strength was not to be underestimated, and he already regarded Luo Zheng as an existence on equal footing with him! This was an extremely rare action in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
After all, the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement was the territory of these aboriginals. The six major races had never put the foreign warriors in their eyes.
Just like how Han Cangyan became the leader of the Mountain-Crushing Clan, but he didn't really conquer the entire Mountain-Crushing Clan.
Now Gong Yu understood that he had really underestimated this Luo Zheng. That day, when he probed the Sky Vault Clan, this Luo Zheng had still held back. Otherwise, with the strength this kid had displayed, it was possible for him to destroy the entire Sky Vault Clan with his strength alone.
Of course, this situation couldn't happen. The prophet of the Sky Vault Clan wouldn't allow this to happen …
It wasn't just Gong Yu who improved his opinion of Luo Zheng.
Lei Toad had seen Luo Zheng's strength. When he fought against the True Martial Sacred Beast, Luo Zheng's methods were already extremely terrifying. Lei Toad estimated that Luo Zheng had almost reached his limit at that time. Even if he hadn't reached his limit, he should be close to it.
This Ultimate God Realm youth possessed such terrifying strength. It was already quite terrifying and even incomprehensible.
At this moment, Lei Toad and the members of the Mountain-Crushing Clan were looking at Luo Zheng with an infatuated expression!
That day, when they tested Luo Zheng's strength with the Golden Fork Strange Stone, they hadn't been able to test it because the distance on the plaza wasn't enough. Now they understood that even if the distance on the plaza was enough, they still wouldn't be able to test his limit.
This kid's strength alone was able to block dozens of Formless Heavenly Centipedes and then casually throw them out. How strong was this strength?
If this strength was used on the Golden Fork Strange Stone, it was likely that the stone would be thrown infinitely far away. This kind of test was completely meaningless to Luo Zheng! The so-called Barbarian King title was just a joke to Luo Zheng.
The members of the Yuan He Clan focused on cultivating their hearts. Under the pressure of the Heart Refining Pagoda, their hearts were extremely strong.
Ordinary matters of life and death couldn't even cause their hearts to waver. Therefore, the Yuan He Clan's performance was the most stable. Even though hundreds of Formless Heavenly Centipedes were rushing at them with terrifying momentum, the Yuan He Clan's elites didn't show much panic on their faces.
Heart state didn't seem to affect a martial artist much, but it was extremely useful at critical times. This was because once they panicked, it meant that they had completely failed. Only by maintaining absolute calm could they find a way to resolve the crisis.
However, the strength Luo Zheng displayed at this moment still set off perilous waves in the hearts of the Yuan He Clan's elites!
"This strength shouldn't appear on a Ultimate God Realm martial artist. No, it's even more impossible for it to appear on a second-level life form!"
From what Gong Yu and the Thunder Toad had told her, Jin Yue knew that Luo Zheng wasn't someone to be trifled with. But the problem was that Luo Zheng wasn't someone to be trifled with. He was a monster that defied common sense.
That unimaginably huge strength only lasted for a few breaths of time before it quietly dissipated …
Just a moment ago, Luo Zheng's complexion was still rosy and full of vitality.
However, in the next moment, his legs gave way and he lay flat on the ground, without any strength left in his body.
With his strength completely exhausted, Luo Zheng couldn't even lift his head, his eyelids couldn't blink, and his heart couldn't keep beating. After losing the pumping power of his heart, the blood in his body flowed slowly and his face was deathly pale.
"Luo Zheng!" Han Liusu was the closest to Luo Zheng. She was the first to go up and help Luo Zheng up.
"Did this guy overuse his strength?" Lei Toad and the others also came over.
Overuse of strength usually only happened to body cultivators. This was because no matter how much strength was consumed, a person's strength would never truly be completely exhausted.
Cultivators usually fought with vital essence. The strength of their physical body was only secondary. It was even more difficult for them to exhaust their strength to such an extent. It was only possible if they fought continuously for several days or even months.
However, the situation of body cultivators was more complicated. Body cultivators had more precise control over their strength. After many years of cultivation, they already knew how to squeeze out all their strength.
Most importantly, if a body cultivator used up all the strength in the eighth layer of Dao Pillars, the eight Dao Pillars scattered around the body would continuously absorb the cultivator's strength. This kind of absorption was unstoppable and was also an instinct of body cultivators!
However, Luo Zheng's situation was a bit special.
What he used up was the strength of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. Just now, on impulse, Luo Zheng directly drew out ninety-nine percent of the strength of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. He didn't use the strength of the eighth layer of Dao Pillars, nor did he use the strength of his own body.
However, Luo Zheng didn't think that there was a price to pay for draining his strength.
No matter if it was the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier or the eighth layer of Dao Pillars, it was a taboo to completely drain their strength. If they lost the nourishment of the source of strength, the nine stars and eight Dao Pillars would be unable to continue. After a long time, they might even directly collapse.
The strength of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier was almost completely drained. The nine stars didn't have time to replenish their strength through the primal chaos, so they could only draw on the strength of the eighth layer of Dao Pillars to replenish it. Compared to the strength of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, the eighth layer of Dao Pillars contained a minuscule amount. The two weren't even on the same level.
As a result, the strength of Luo Zheng's eight Dao Pillars instantly dried up. These eight Dao Pillars then directly drew on the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body …
In this situation of drawing on one cycle after another, how could Luo Zheng's own physical body have so much strength?
After instantly draining the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body, he naturally blacked out and fell directly to the ground.

Chapter 1542
Luo Zheng had already done everything he could. Now, he could only place his hopes on Gong Yu.
Luo Zheng's interception just now had caused the Formless Heavenly Centipedes to fall into chaos. After the Formless Heavenly Centipedes fell into chaos, they all tried their best to crawl out of the mess. However, the more they tried, the more tangled the mess became. Some of the Formless Heavenly Centipedes' long bodies even tangled together.
However, there were still many Formless Heavenly Centipedes that rushed out...
However, at this moment, the runes of Gong Yu's Heavenly Imperial Jade Seal finally covered the entire black sphere!
As the green light flowed along the lines, Gong Yu shouted, "It's done!"
Many martial artists stared at the Formless Heavenly Centipedes warily. Seeing Luo Zheng lying on the ground, they could only choose to fight with their lives on the line for the next wave.
Hearing Gong Yu's shout was probably the most beautiful celestial music in the world!
"Let's go!"
"Quickly go in!"
Almost everyone rushed into the black sphere, fighting to be the first to enter!
Under the protection of He Zuowei and the others, Han Liusu also carried Luo Zheng into the black sphere...
The moment everyone rushed into the black sphere, the Formless Heavenly Centipedes also rushed in. However, after everyone entered, the green runes on the surface of the black sphere instantly disappeared!
The Formless Heavenly Centipedes didn't have high intelligence. They relied on their instincts to attack the black sphere.
However, no matter how the Formless Heavenly Centipedes collided with the black sphere and tried to crush it with their enormous bodies, the black sphere floating in the air remained motionless. It slowly moved on its own orbit and wasn't affected by any external forces, even if they moved the black sphere by an inch.
Luo Zheng quietly lay on Han Liusu's back. He had lost all sense of the outside world, even his sense of touch and smell. This kind of exhaustion of the body's strength was quite uncomfortable. The key was that after a cultivator's true essence was exhausted, they could replenish it with true essence stones. But a person's strength was a gradual process of recovery. Body cultivators thirsted for strength much more than cultivators.
At this moment, green dragon scales lit up in the depths of Luo Zheng's mind. It was the Azure Dragon that was silently transmitting its power to him.
At the same time, a heroic voice rang out. "Haha, I forgot to remind you. Unless faced with a life and death crisis, body cultivators should try their best not to squeeze out the last bit of their strength!"
It was the crimson dragon's voice.
In fact, this was the norm for martial artists. When faced with all kinds of difficulties, their true essence and strength were ultimately insufficient. Preserving a bit of strength was equivalent to preserving a bit of opportunity.
Luo Zheng's desperate gamble, but it brought serious consequences...
....................... Luo Zheng's body body.. the exhaustion.......
But as soon as this energy entered Luo Zheng's body, it was sucked dry by the eight Dao Pillars. Luo Zheng could feel the energy within the Dao Pillars being sucked dry by the Nine Stars!
Luo Zheng was on the verge of tears when he realized this.
How much power did the nine stars need to be filled!?
Qinglong remained silent, but he endlessly poured power into Luo Zheng. However, this power was like a stone sinking into the sea, unable to solve this problem.
Fortunately, the recovery speed of Luo Zheng's nine stars was still quite astonishing.
After all, the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier existed above Luo Zheng's Primal Chaos Sea. Aside from absorbing the power of Luo Zheng's eight Dao Pillars, it could also endlessly absorb Primal Chaos Qi. The speed at which it replenished its power with Primal Chaos Qi was naturally much faster than when it absorbed Luo Zheng's power.
One side was replenished by the power of dragon scales, the other side by chaotic Qi. Under the replenishment of both sides, the originally dim nine stars began to brew with a faint seven-colored light …
At this time, the Spiritual Pedestal Nine Stars finally stopped this crazy action, no longer absorbing the power of Luo Zheng's eight Dao Pillars, and the eight Dao Pillars also stopped absorbing the power of Luo Zheng's physical body.
However, Luo Zheng also noticed that the lit dragon scales on Qinglong's body were already dim, almost the same as the unlit dragon scales.
Among the nine dragons, Luo Zheng had the best relationship with Qinglong. After all, on his path of growth, he spent most of his time with Qinglong. After the nine dragons awakened, Qinglong remained silent. At this moment, he silently poured power into Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was also very moved.
Previously, he might have felt some resentment towards the nine dragons for deceiving him, and was even more furious at them for using Luo Yan to threaten him, but after knowing the origins of the Great Evolution Universe and Luo Xiao's identity, this resentment completely disappeared.
They had no intention of harming him after all!
Although this power recovered a little and was still very weak, it could at least support Luo Zheng to move freely.
Just as he was concentrating on absorbing the power of dragon scales, everyone had already entered this black sphere. At this moment, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. His surroundings were still pitch black.
"Put me down..."
After his power gradually recovered, Luo Zheng smelled a faint fragrance. Soft hair swayed on his face from time to time. Only then did he realize that he was lying on Han Liusu's back.
"Oh, your power recovered so quickly?" Although Han Liusu had never refined her body, she also knew that Luo Zheng was in a state of exhaustion just now.
"It shouldn't be too big of a problem." Standing up, Luo Zheng activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes in the darkness, but he still couldn't see through the darkness.
Luo Zheng had encountered this situation several times. This place should be filled with strong dark laws.
If it was personally arranged by a Sage, then no one present should be able to see through the darkness. Just as Luo Zheng thought, everyone moved forward in the darkness, and everyone was close to each other.
No one dared to run wildly in the darkness. They didn't understand the space inside this black sphere. In this pitch-black space, everyone was no different from a blind person. At most, they could release their perception to explore the surrounding terrain. However, everyone was walking on a flat surface. There was nothing around them to explore.
After moving forward like this for a long time, someone finally asked, "Leader Gong, are you sure this black sphere is connected to the other black spheres?"
In the darkness, everyone waited for Gong Yu's answer.
After a moment of silence, Gong Yu said, "Yes, last time I entered one of the black spheres, I passed through it and appeared in another one."
"Then what do you think the black spheres are here for?" someone asked.
"I'm not sure... actually, I don't know much about these black spheres." Gong Yu also didn't know the purpose of these nine black spheres floating in the inner world.
At this moment, He Zuowei's voice faintly floated over. "If this old man guessed correctly, these nine black spheres should be the Sage's nine stars!"
Luo Zheng blinked in the darkness. This He Zuowei thought of the same thing as him. He also thought that these nine black spheres were the Sage's nine stars.
"Nine stars? It's said that after entering the Saint Tier, the nine stars are indeed moved into the inner world. However, the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier are the place where the power source gathers. There is no power source in these black spheres, "a Realm of the Gods martial artist questioned.
"This I do not know. This Saint Jiu has always been an extremely independent individual. It is very strange for him to place the source of his power into the Mountain-Crushing Race. However, the thoughts of a Saint are not something existences like us can understand," He Zuowei calmly said.
A Sage was a peak existence in the Realm of the Gods. Perhaps there was a reason for such an arrangement, but ordinary martial artists couldn't guess the purpose.
Luo Zheng also couldn't figure it out. Placing the power source in the Sacred Spring Mountain was equivalent to wasting one's own nine stars. This was equivalent to having no path to take...
"Yi!"
He was pondering when he suddenly noticed a faint flash of golden light not far away.
That golden light appeared for a very short time. However, for a golden flash to appear in such darkness, it was as dazzling as a firefly in the night. Luo Zheng saw it quite clearly!
"What's wrong?" Han Liusu asked from the side.
Luo Zheng was even more curious. "You didn't see it?"
"See what?" Although he couldn't see Han Liusu's face, he could tell that she was very puzzled.
"Nothing..."
In that instant, Luo Zheng really did see a golden flash. It definitely wasn't an illusion.
The light was so dazzling in the darkness, but no one present had any reaction. This could only mean one thing: only he saw that golden flash. Others couldn't see it.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng carefully left the group. He wanted to see clearly what that golden flash was.
Soon, another dazzling golden light appeared in Luo Zheng's pitch-black vision. This time, Luo Zheng saw the golden flash clearly. It was actually a golden Sanskrit character!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1543
Luo Zheng was quite familiar with Sanskrit.
The moment this Sanskrit character appeared, Luo Zheng recognized it.
The overall structure of this Sanskrit character was very smooth. Each stroke was like a tadpole, but the framework was very complex!
A Sanskrit character often contained 30 to 40 strokes!
The biggest purpose of a race's language was to pass down its culture. Generally speaking, the simpler the language, the better it was. After all, learning a language required a lot of time and resources. If the language was simple and easy to understand, it would naturally be easier to learn.
Luo Zheng had come into contact with many races along the way. He had more or less seen their languages, but he had never seen any race's language as complex as this Sanskrit.
According to this inference, the race that used this Sanskrit must be an extremely intelligent race. Perhaps this race existed in the Realm of the Gods …
The golden Sanskrit character only flashed for a moment, then disappeared completely. At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly realized that the group was getting farther and farther away from him.
He frowned slightly, feeling a little strange.
In the darkness, it was impossible for the group to move so fast …
After realizing the strangeness, Luo Zheng quickened his pace and chased in that direction.
In the process of chasing, Luo Zheng could hear their low voices, including He Zuowei, Han Liusu, Thunder Toad, Gong Yu, and the others. They were all whispering something, but their voices were getting softer and softer. This meant that they were getting farther and farther away from him.
"Gong Yu! Thunder Toad! Han Liusu! "Luo Zheng shouted loudly.
But the people in front of him didn't respond. They were still whispering something as they kept moving farther and farther away.
"This …"
Realizing this problem, Luo Zheng didn't have any way to solve it. Besides, his strength hadn't recovered yet. Now, the strength in his physical body was only 10% recovered after absorbing the power of the dragon scale.
"If they find out that I'm not here, they should stop to look for me. But from the looks of it, these people haven't found anything wrong." Luo Zheng's brows were tightly knitted.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that there was one more person in that group.
This person's aura, appearance, and even voice were exactly the same as Luo Zheng's. Martial artists like them could use their perception to scan their surroundings, but even Han Liusu didn't sense anything strange. She only felt that Luo Zheng had suddenly become very quiet, and thought that he was too lazy to speak because he had exhausted his strength.
After chasing for a while, Luo Zheng stopped. He knew it was futile.
Luo Zheng was completely immersed in the darkness. Everything around him seemed to have turned into nothingness. Occasionally, a golden light flashed, and another golden Sanskrit character appeared in front of him!
It was another Sanskrit that was completely different from the previous ones. After the Sanskrit appeared for a brief moment, it instantly dissipated into the darkness.
Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief and began to ponder.
The other cultivators were not left behind. He was the only one left behind. There must be some reason for this.
"Because I can see those golden Sanskrit characters?"
In the darkness, Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. From the time he entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the owner of this place had always been selecting certain cultivators.
Since he treated the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier like this, there must be a reason.
Just now, Luo Zheng saw that golden Sanskrit character, but the others didn't have any strange reaction. This meant that only Luo Zheng could see it here!
The key reason should be here.
As for why Luo Zheng couldn't catch up to the main group, it should be that someone deliberately isolated him!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng actually calmed down.
With his strength exhausted, Luo Zheng was afraid of encountering a strange beast that he couldn't resist. The strange beasts in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement were all quite powerful. In this state, he probably couldn't resist.
At this moment, he stood in place and didn't chase in vain. In any case, he couldn't walk out of this space no matter how he ran.
A golden light flashed, and another complicated Sanskrit character appeared before his eyes, then disappeared instantly.
These Sanskrit characters appeared and disappeared continuously. Luo Zheng didn't know what connection there was between them, but he firmly memorized every Sanskrit character.
After about half an hour, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a light breathing sound!
"Hu …"
This breathing sound was quite light, but in this completely silent environment, Luo Zheng still caught it clearly.
There was someone!
In this instant, Luo Zheng expanded his perception to cover an area of several hundred meters.
As expected, he discovered that someone was slowly walking towards him in the darkness.
Luo Zheng's fists clenched tightly at this moment, and the sea of chaos in his inner world gradually rippled.
In a situation where he couldn't use the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, Luo Zheng could only use the aura of chaos. However, cultivation level limited Luo Zheng's strength. With his cultivation level of the God Tier, it was easy to fight against a Divine Transformation Tier, but it would be quite troublesome if he encountered a Realm Master.
"Don't panic, I have no hostility," an indifferent voice was heard from nearby.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's fists loosened slightly. He indeed didn't feel the other's killing intent, so he asked straightforwardly, "Who are you?"
"Me? Hehe … "The person in the darkness laughed." You just took away about a third of my power source, shouldn't you thank me first? "
In the darkness, Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment.
The power source he took away naturally belonged to the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. On the way here, those God Realm martial artists called this person "Saint Jiu."
"You … are Saint Jiu?"
If Luo Xiao was excluded, the strongest person Luo Zheng had seen was the young man who took away Luo Yan that year.
Now that Luo Zheng was suddenly facing a Saint, he felt a great deal of pressure in his heart. Although he didn't feel any aura from this person, he was still an existence at the peak of the God Realm. He should be on the same level as Luo Xiao and his own master.
"That's what outsiders call me. My name is very, very long. Most people can't remember it, so they call me Saint Jiu," the person replied.
"Very long? How long? "Luo Zheng curiously asked.
The person in the darkness spat out a long string of words …
These words were in a language that Luo Zheng had never heard before. It took him nearly twenty breaths of time to spit out this string of words. His voice was sometimes high and sometimes low, as if he were singing.
"Remember it? That's my name, "the person said with a faint smile.
"… …"
Luo Zheng was also speechless.
This string of names had several hundred syllables. It was a bit too long.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng had only heard one word clearly, and that was the last word of this name, "Jiu."
Presumably, this was the origin of the name "Saint Jiu."
After a moment of silence, Luo Zheng opened his mouth and said, "I'll just call you Saint Jiu … …"
Saint Jiu faintly smiled, "A name is just a symbol. There's no need to care so much about it."
"Mm." Luo Zheng nodded. His heart was full of doubts, but since Saint Jiu had found him alone, he must have a purpose. Was it possible that he had locked him in this dark place just to play tricks on him?
Saint Jiu could roughly sense Luo Zheng's thoughts. He immediately said, "From the moment you entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, I noticed you. Luo Zheng from the Great Evolution Universe, so I changed your birthplace … …"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. After wandering around the Mountain-Crumbling Clan and the Sky Vault Clan, Luo Zheng also understood that there had been a deviation in his birthplace. Nine of the ten Dao Children had appeared in normal birthplaces. Only he had appeared in a desert, which was said to be an abandoned birthplace.
"I also arranged for Masked Saint's youngest daughter to meet you and make her believe that you are her true Son of Heaven." Saint Jiu faintly smiled, "It seems that the effect is not bad. Both sisters have a chance."
"… …"
Luo Zheng was rather speechless. The first sentence was serious, but in an instant, he had jumped to such a topic. This Saint's words were very awkward.
"Don't think that I'm joking. Han Liusu is very important to Masked Saint, not just because of the Strange Flame she was born with. If you have a Saint as your father-in-law, it will be very beneficial," Saint Jiu continued.
"Lord Saint Jiu, I already have a wife. In my life, Luo Zheng has never sought connections with others." Although he was facing a Saint, Luo Zheng could not help but curl his lips.
"Heh, I don't need to listen to your thoughts. There is nothing I cannot do in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement," Saint Jiu said with a smile. This Forbidden Land of God Refinement was created by Saint Jiu. Here, he was an omniscient and omnipotent existence. No one could stop him from doing what he wanted to do.
"Saint Jiu, you're too kind. You won't change my mind, will you?" Luo Zheng said in a low voice.

Chapter 1544
As soon as Saint Jiu said this, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed.
"What do you know?" Luo Zheng coldly asked.
Speaking to a Saint in such a tone was very rude, but Saint Jiu naturally didn't care about Luo Zheng's attitude. He had even expected Luo Zheng's reaction.
"As you know, Luo Xiao is indeed your father," Saint Jiu replied.
Luo Zheng had come up with this conjecture from his conversation with the Han Jia sisters in the Sky Vault Clan's tower.
It seemed that Saint Jiu had been paying attention to him ever since Luo Zheng had entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Otherwise, Saint Jiu wouldn't have known that he had come up with this conjecture. Saint Jiu was omniscient and omnipotent in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, just like how Luo Zheng was in his own inner world. There was nothing he didn't know and nothing he didn't know. Nothing about the millions of beings in his inner world could be hidden from Luo Zheng because the entire inner world had been constructed by Luo Zheng.
Before, Luo Zheng had only been speculating, but Luo Xiao's identity hadn't been confirmed. After all, there were certain coincidences, such as the problem of having the same name …
Now that he heard Saint Jiu say it himself, the situation was completely different.
Luo Zheng didn't believe that a grand Saint had nothing better to do and was just teasing him.
Moreover, from Saint Jiu's words, he seemed to have a deep relationship with his father and was helping him!
Thinking about it more deeply, Luo Zheng's fortuitous encounters in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement could be solved. Saint Jiu had set up the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to open up all of his origin energy. This might be a very generous move.
But no Saint would give away a third of their origin energy. That wasn't generosity, it was idiocy.
Luo Zheng had forcibly absorbed so much of his Origin Energy without encountering any resistance. This was something that couldn't be justified.
In the darkness, Sage Jiu took another step towards Luo Zheng. The darkness was unable to obstruct his gaze. His gaze seemed to materialize as it landed on Luo Zheng's body. That gaze seemed to pierce through Luo Zheng's soul, seeing the nine true dragons in Luo Zheng's mind, and also the enormous furnace. Then, it pierced through Luo Zheng's heart and entered Luo Zheng's dantian …
But in the end, his gaze could not penetrate Luo Zheng's Inner World. His gaze was blocked.
An ordinary martial artist's dantian was connected to their inner world. As the saying went, one flower, one world. If a dantian could contain a great world, then the inner world would indeed exist within the dantian!
But Luo Zheng's inner world was completely different. His inner world existed in the primal chaos, a place outside the Realm of the Gods!
Aside from Luo Zheng using the inconceivable 'Transcendence Divine Ability' to communicate, there was no other way to communicate with it.
Sage Jiu was a peak powerhouse who had stepped into the Saint realm. He also possessed the 'Transcendence Divine Ability', but his Transcendence Divine Ability could only communicate with the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement he had created. It had no effect on Luo Zheng's inner world.
This was also why Sage Jiu was unable to see through Luo Zheng's inner world …
With Sage Jiu's gaze, in the entire Realm of the Gods, only the inner worlds of the Saints he was unable to see through. Thus, it was impossible for the Saints of the Realm of the Gods to spy on each other's inner worlds.
"What a wonderful inner world. A world constructed from the primal chaos can be called a new Realm of the Gods." Sage Jiu's words were filled with gratification.
Luo Zheng already had a preliminary understanding of his inner world. Luo Zheng was not surprised by Sage Jiu's conclusion. It seemed that Sage Jiu knew about him, and the information he knew far surpassed his imagination.
What Luo Zheng was interested in was information about Luo Xiao. "What is your relationship with my father?"
Sage Jiu waved his hand in the darkness. "There are some things that are too long to explain. Where should I start?"
At that moment, several more golden lights lit up nearby. Sage Jiu looked back and continued, "That's right, do you know why I destroyed Nine Stars and created such a powerful Black Law here?"
"I don't know." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"I was observing something," Sage Jiu said.
"Those Sanskrit characters," Luo Zheng replied.
Sage Jiu nodded. "Yes, but also no … To be more precise, I was observing some living beings. These living beings' existences are beyond ordinary imagination. These complex Sanskrit characters belong to them. Only in absolute darkness can one find the clues they left behind. In order to create this perfect Law of Darkness, I spent a great deal of effort."
Although Luo Zheng understood Sage Jiu's words, he was still confused.
The Law of Darkness within this black sphere was extremely dense. It was impossible to see anything in this pitch-black place, so what kind of living beings could be inside?
Moreover, Sage Jiu was the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Since these living beings existed in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, how could he not know?
Sage Jiu could roughly guess the doubts in Luo Zheng's heart and continued, "These living beings are not ordinary living beings. If we call the living beings born in one's inner world secondary living beings, then the martial artists of the Realm of the Gods can be called equal living beings. Then, the living beings I was looking for are surpassing living beings!"
"Surpassing living beings?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Sage Jiu nodded. "Their existences are unimaginable to us."
"They created the Realm of the Gods?" Luo Zheng blurted out.
This was a simple inference. If the Saints of the Realm of the Gods were able to construct the universe, then the life forms within the universe would be secondary life forms. Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng was also a secondary life form, so the life forms within a secondary life form's inner world would be considered secondary life forms?
On the other hand, since these surpassing living beings were above the martial artists of the Realm of the Gods, then they must be living beings outside of the Realm of the Gods.
"Your inference is reasonable." Sage Jiu shook his head. "Whether or not these living beings created the Realm of the Gods is still unknown. However, their level of existence is higher than ours, and the things these surpassing living beings display are far from something we can understand … just like the Sanskrit characters you saw."
As soon as his voice fell, another golden light flashed in the darkness, and another Sanskrit character appeared.
"Just like this Sanskrit character. In fact, it contains a great deal of information, but you can only see the surface of the Sanskrit characters. You cannot decipher the information within," Sage Jiu said.
Luo Zheng frowned. Although he wanted to know more about his father, he was also attracted by Sage Jiu's words.
Indeed …
The structure of these Sanskrit characters might be incomparably complex, but it was not difficult to draw and imitate them. It was just that when he glanced at these characters, there was always an indescribable feeling, as if there was something hidden behind these characters that he could not imagine.
"The race that created these Sanskrit characters was able to interpret them at will," Sage Jiu said excitedly. "This is because the way the world appears in their eyes is completely different from ours! I have a more appropriate description! When we see a flower, it is just a flower. When we see a grain of sand, it is still just a grain of sand. But in the eyes of these surpassing living beings, they can see every detail of the flower with a single glance. The meridians in the center of the flower, everything inside the stamen … "
"Is this something amazing?" Luo Zheng asked in a muffled voice. He was also confused by Sage Jiu's theory. Not to mention, it was not difficult for some martial artists to see through the inner workings of things.
"Quite amazing!" Sage Jiu's tone became more and more excited. "They are a higher level of life, an existence that we cannot understand at all. In the past, your father, I, and North Sage, who taught you the 'Primal Chaos Secret Technique', inadvertently found traces of these living beings and began a new exploration …"
As Sage Jiu spoke of these matters, he completely lost the demeanor of a powerhouse and instead became very excited.
"North Sage?" Luo Zheng's eyes sharpened.
From Sage Jiu's narration, Luo Zheng learned that his master's name was Gu Bei. In the universe, he was known as' North Sage ', and his father, Luo Xiao, was known as' Firmament Sage 'in the Realm of the Gods.
Sage Jiu was a new Sage. Comparatively speaking, Firmament Sage and North Sage could be considered his seniors. The three of them had a very good relationship!

Chapter 1545
Listening to Saint Jiu's explanation in the darkness, Luo Zheng was finally able to connect all the clues.
From the time he obtained the first section of the Exalted Tool Refining Technique to the time he cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, all the reasons appeared …
Gu Bei, the master of the Immortal Mansion and Luo Zheng's master, did not come up with the Primal Chaos Secret Technique by chance. According to their inference, there were higher-level creatures and civilizations in this world, but those creatures were hard to grasp, and they could not even recognize their forms.
After Luo Xiao was ordered to be killed by the Saints, he fell into a half-dead state …
There was a saying among the Saints that as long as the universe was not destroyed, the Saints would not die. To a certain extent, this was indeed correct.
However, the universe was not a world isolated from the rest of the world. No matter how intricate the structure of the universe was, the true essence within it would constantly leak out. Without the replenishment of true essence by the Saints, the universe would eventually be exhausted.
However, the wisest of the three, Northern Sage Gu Bei, helped Luo Xiao think of a way to let Luo Xiao's universe exist forever!
That was the 3.6 billion era calamity!
In other universes, there was no such thing as an era of 3.6 billion years, and there was no such thing as a great extinction every 3.6 billion years!
After the Saints constructed the universe, the entire universe would be relatively stable. They only needed to maintain it regularly and breathe in and out true essence to maintain the operation of the universe.
However, Luo Xiao could not do this in his state, so he listened to Gu Bei's idea and arranged the 3.6 billion era calamity … Every 3.6 billion years, the universe would undergo a great extinction.
Apart from the Nine Stars, all the stars would fall, and all living beings would wither. Mountains and rivers would collapse, and lakes and seas would overflow. From the Great Thousand Worlds to the Great Realm, no place would be spared!
During the great extinction, the entire universe would begin to shrink!
The space inside the universe would shrink to two-thirds of its original size.
During this shrinking, the universe would undergo a great extinction, and after the great extinction, the universe would begin to expand …
Because the universe was attached to the edge of the Divine Realm, after contracting and expanding, under the effect of the universe's enormous space, it produced a powerful suction force. As it continued to expand, it was able to absorb the true essence of the Divine Realm into the universe!
This Great Expansion Space was like a heart that was constantly contracting and expanding, beating once every 3.6 billion years to absorb True Essence.
The amount of true essence absorbed each time was enough to offset the consumption of the universe for 3.6 billion years.
This kind of contraction and expansion was carried out a total of 14 times.
Fourteen Era Evolution had passed …
In this new era, Luo Xiao's plan was finally implemented, and Gu Bei gave his immortal mansion to Luo Zheng.
To the three of them, it was almost impossible to defeat the Saints. Even if they nurtured to cultivate Luo Zheng to become a Saint, they would still not be able to change the final outcome!
The only way was to nurture Luo Zheng was to to to to become a lifeform Surpassing Level Realm! In essence, it was a being that was a level higher than all other living beings.
Lifeto was to be To was Creation Realm Lifeforms
To be to be to be To to to be to to to to,, to be to be to be Realm
As for the one who constructed the Divine Domain, it was highly likely that it was an existence above its level!
If he could successfully cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, it would be equivalent to constructing another Divine Realm. Then, Luo Zheng would truly have the qualifications to become a creature above his level!
This was a test between Gu Bei and Luo Xiao. Whether or not the final result would be like this, no one could say for sure, because in the endless history of the Divine Realm, such a crazy thing had never happened before!
From the time Luo Zheng was born until now, their ideas had been steadily developing. As for whether Luo Zheng's fate could reach their expectations, no one could say for sure.
The Saints didn't think that Luo Xiao would be able to struggle at death's door for so many years. Although the Divine Realm's Time Laws were different from Huan Yu's, and the flow of time in Huan Yu was far faster than in the Divine Realm, Luo Xiao had clearly lived for far too long!
They realized that if they continued to wait, Luo Xiao would not die on his own. Therefore, within the rules, they sent another Saint to fight and started a war between worlds. The Saint Clan from another universe would directly invade the Great Yan Universe!
Hearing this, Luo Zheng coldly asked, "Who is that Saint?"
Saint Jiu indifferently said, "His name is Mu Haiji, and he became the Supreme Saint of the Saints. The universe he constructed is called the Great Yan Universe."
"Mu Haiji, Supreme Saint!"
Luo Zheng deeply imprinted this name into his mind.
This person not only occupied the universe, but also wanted to kill Luo Zheng. No matter how one looked at it, he would be Luo Zheng's greatest opponent.
"There's one more question," Luo Zheng continued after thinking for a moment.
"Speak," Saint Jiu replied.
"Didn't the Saint Clan I encountered in Immortal Mansion's True Path of Extinction already disappear? Why would they appear in this Supreme Saint's universe? "
Luo Zheng had always been puzzled by the sudden appearance of the Saint Clan. According to Afo, the Saint Clan should be a powerful race in the Divine Realm, not a second-tier creature in the universe.
"Hehe, that's just an imitation of Mu Haiji. The real Saint Clan … are the natives of the Divine Realm. After countless years of evolution, they have already disappeared," Saint Jiu continued.
Luo Zheng nodded, and in the darkness, he sank into silence once more.
After receiving so much information at once, Luo Zheng needed some time to digest it.
Saint Jiu patted Luo Zheng's shoulder. "You are Luo Xiao's only hope. Do your best. In the coming journey in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, I will create many opportunities for you to increase your strength as much as possible!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng felt grateful and said, "Thank you."
"Heh, I have a deep relationship with your father, and I even participated in the plan you created. The Forbidden Land of God Refinement is an extremely important part of it. I've waited for you for so long, so what's there to thank me for?" Saint Jiu smiled. "Remember, hold onto that pair of little girls from Han Jia! At the very least, pick one. If you can win over 'Concealed Saint', once you enter the Divine Realm, our plan will be much smoother! "
"… …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was left speechless.
"I'm not joking. You can think about your father, especially that Han Liusu. Her Voiced Blood comes from the inheritance of an Ancient Saint. If you want to take revenge for your father, winning her over will allow you to achieve twice the result with half the effort," Saint Jiu said sincerely. "So you have to promise me."
Before, Luo Zheng had thought that Saint Jiu was just joking. He hadn't expected him to be so serious.
No matter how great the difficulty, Luo Zheng would not place his hopes on others. This life was still short, but in the struggle of the martial path, he did not hesitate at all. He constantly sharpened himself and became stronger.
But this time, was Luo Zheng really going to curry favor with a little girl for the sake of his goal?
He fell into hesitation … …
Saint Jiu patted Luo Zheng's shoulder again. "Go. I will arrange everything for the rest of the journey. Now, I have to go see someone else."
"Who?"
"You should know him. He comes from the same continent as you, Hua Tianming."
"Hua Tianming?" Luo Zheng was taken aback.
Saint Jiu smiled. "He wants to walk another path. That path may be even crueler than yours, and it may even lead to certain death … …"
"Why?" Luo Zheng's eyes darkened.
"Don't ask so many questions. My explanation may sound simple to you, but it is far from simple. Some things, when explained clearly, are far crueler than you can imagine … …"
"But … …"
Saint Jiu's voice grew fainter and fainter, and the distance between him and Luo Zheng grew longer and longer, until he finally disappeared … …
"Saint Jiu?"
"Saint Jiu!"
"Saint Jiu!"
Luo Zheng shouted a few words in the darkness.
But Saint Jiu did not respond. He had actually completely disappeared … …
At this moment, Luo Zheng heard whispers again. When he listened carefully, he realized that it was Gong Yu and the others talking.
"Strange, this time it took several times longer than last time, but we still haven't found the exit," Gong Yu muttered.
"Is there no exit here?"
"We won't be trapped here … …"
In this absolute darkness, everyone seemed very depressed. Perhaps there was no way out of this black sphere?
At this moment, they suddenly sensed someone in front of them. Gong Yu took the lead and shouted, "Who, who is there!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1546
The group of people circled around in the darkness, almost using their perception to replace their eyes.
That Saint Jiu had created this black sphere with the purpose of observing some "life forms that were above their level". Inside this black sphere, there was nothing at all.
Under the sweep of their perception, besides their group, they naturally couldn't sense anything else.
But now, a person had suddenly appeared in front of them. Everyone was shocked and vigilant, hundreds of perception constantly sweeping over Luo Zheng's body …
"It's me," Luo Zheng opened his mouth to respond.
"Luo Zheng?" Gong Yu's voice was filled with surprise. Wasn't he always with the group? How could he suddenly walk to the front?
"Eh?" Han Liusu's face also revealed a strange expression. Wasn't Luo Zheng always by his side? How could this guy's movements be so strange? She immediately reached out to the side, but all she grabbed was empty air. At some point, the "Luo Zheng" beside her had disappeared.
"How did you walk to the front?" Gong Yu asked.
"I just took a break. I don't know what happened," Luo Zheng made up a clumsy excuse, but he wasn't afraid of being exposed. In any case, anything could happen in this darkness. He couldn't explain it, and neither could this group of people.
"Oh," Although Gong Yu was puzzled, he didn't dwell on this small matter. His current mission was to lead everyone out of this black sphere.
But many of the martial artists began to whisper in their hearts.
If Luo Zheng had really taken a break, then he should have been at the back of the group. Now that he had appeared in front of them, it meant that they were circling around.
Many of the martial artists had already guessed that they were circling around, and now they had found proof.
Plop!
A martial artist sat down, "It's useless. We're just going around in circles. I think we'll never be able to leave this place!"
"That's right. How could the space inside this sphere be so large? I don't think there's any exit at all …"
"…"
Most of the people complaining were foreign martial artists and Realm of the Gods. The martial artists of the three great clans didn't say anything.
After Luo Zheng returned to the team, he didn't panic.
While he was conversing with Saint Jiu, these people were naturally unable to leave the black sphere. To the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, this little trick was only a thought away.
"Keep going." Gong Yu had no intention of giving up.
Just as he finished speaking, Gong Yu suddenly disappeared from everyone's perception!
Some cultivators with quick reactions felt their hearts skip a beat. Everyone had taken Gong Yu as their leader and had locked their perception onto him. After Gong Yu disappeared, everyone got up and dashed in the direction he had disappeared!
Soon, those cultivators vanished as well!
Luo Zheng smiled. It was most likely Saint Jiu who had opened the exit. He calmly walked in that direction!
Immediately, Luo Zheng felt the omnipresent darkness disappear in an instant, and a glaring light instantly entered his eyes. They had already left that huge black sphere …
Just as he stepped out of the darkness, Luo Zheng found that his body was rapidly falling downwards.
Using the chaos energy to revolve around him, he was barely able to maintain his form.
As Gong Yu had said, the nine black spheres in this world were connected to each other. At this time, they had already left the first black sphere and appeared in an unfamiliar environment …
As his eyes adjusted to the light, Luo Zheng was able to clearly see where he was. Before he had time to think, he felt a powerful impact coming from below!
"Boom!"
A column of magma shot up, nearly touching Luo Zheng's body as it shot into the sky.
Luo Zheng didn't fear the high temperature of the magma, but his strength hadn't recovered yet. If this column of magma were to hit him, it would be enough to make him suffer.
Beneath everyone's feet, there were densely packed volcanic craters. Those volcanoes were quite active, and the magma in the craters was constantly churning. Every few breaths, these volcanic craters would erupt once, and the magma that spewed out from the craters would turn into a vertical column of magma that shot into the sky at a ninety degree angle!
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The sound of these volcanoes erupting never stopped.
All the martial artists quickly avoided these magma columns that shot into the sky. Most of them reacted quickly; after all, there was a considerable gap between these magma columns, and the eruption times were also different.
But there were always unlucky martial artists. Three foreign martial artists and a Yuan He Clan member had just left the black sphere when they were wrapped in a thick magma column.
Then, the three of them completely disappeared, and their corpses were never seen.
"The Heavens are helping me! My luck is pretty good! "Gong Yu laughed.
It wasn't just Gong Yu, but Thunder Toad, Jin Yue, and the others also seemed to be in a good mood …
"This is the Ancestral Cliff! Once we pass through this area, we will arrive at our destination! "Thunder Toad roared and immediately led everyone forward.
"We've arrived?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
He had thought that this exploration would be very far, but he hadn't expected that they would arrive so quickly.
After thinking for a moment, Luo Zheng understood the reason. It wasn't that their luck was good, but rather that Sage Jiu was capable of this. As for what Sage Jiu would do next, Luo Zheng could only wait and see.
There were many volcanic craters in this area, and the volcanoes below were densely packed together. Whether it was the shape or size of the volcanoes, they were all almost identical.
It was as if after the first volcano appeared, all the other volcanoes were copies of the first one.
To be able to create such a spectacle, it could only be done by Sage Jiu!
Magma columns shot into the sky, and after exploding high up in the sky, they turned into volcanic ash that covered the sky and scattered down, creating a spectacle that blotted out the sky.
Now, no one was in the mood to appreciate this scenery. Everyone was like a butterfly in a storm, quickly passing through the magma columns. As for Gong Yu, Thunder Toad, and Jin Yue, they deliberately slowed down and approached Luo Zheng.
They knew that Luo Zheng's power had weakened, and his strength had also greatly decreased. At this moment, they naturally had to increase the protection of Luo Zheng …
Fortunately, although the magma pillars were powerful, Luo Zheng's luck was not bad. Along the way, there were a few magma pillars that occasionally swept past Luo Zheng. It was a daunting experience but not a real one.
However, the others weren't so lucky.
The warriors present were more or less affected by the magma columns. After the magma columns shot into the sky, it was like a goddess scattering flowers, turning into countless magma rain that fell down. It was very difficult to dodge. Although the magma rain wasn't fatal, it wasn't fun to fall on the body.
The two sisters of Han Jia were protected by 20 sector lords along the way, but along the way, they still couldn't avoid the magma rain. Especially Han Chuyue, her purple robe had several holes burned in it.
Four hours later, everyone finally passed through the volcanic crater. After letting out a sigh of relief, everyone looked at each other and saw that they were all in a sorry state.
However, when everyone looked at Luo Zheng, they all had strange expressions.
Luo Zheng was still wearing an ordinary green robe. Looking at his entire body, there didn't seem to be any damage. He actually wasn't affected by the magma columns at all …
Although Gong Yu, Jin Yue, and Lei Toad were wandering around Luo Zheng, the three leaders were more or less affected by the shockwaves. However, Luo Zheng was safe and sound. This made everyone feel very strange. His luck was too good to be true.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. This was naturally Jiu Sheng's arrangement. Even if he agreed to help him, there was no need to make it so obvious, right?
Luckily, the warriors present didn't have too many suspicions. They only thought that Luo Zheng's luck was heaven-defying. After resting for a while, they continued on their way.
After passing through the volcanic area, a dark cliff appeared in front of them. This cliff was square and smooth like a mirror. In the center of this square cliff, there was a circular hole.
"This is the place. Everyone, follow me!"
Gong Yu took the lead and headed straight for the circular hole.

Chapter 1547
In the surface world of the Forbidden Land of Gods …
Myriad Elephant Clan, Annihilation Valley.
Towering monuments stood within. Under the illumination of the light, they sparkled with a magnificent and dazzling luster.
These tablets recorded Saint Jiu's supreme comprehension of the Laws. He had presented his own Laws in their original form here for the cultivators who entered to comprehend them.
However, among the six golden smelting grounds, Annihilation Valley was not a very popular cultivation holy land.
The main reason was that the martial artists of the Divine Realm were not interested.
These martial artists from the Divine Realm were originally qualified to cultivate the most orthodox Laws of the Divine Realm.
The Laws of the universe were merely the Saints' interpretation of the Laws of the Divine Realm. They were Laws created according to their own understanding. If a Divine Realm martial artist wanted to cultivate the Laws, they could just stay in the Divine Realm. There was no need for them to enter the Forbidden Land of Gods.
On the contrary, the martial artists from the universe and even the natives of the Forbidden Land of Gods flocked to Annihilation Valley!
Hua Tianming had already been sitting in front of a monument for three days.
The monument in front of him recorded the Laws of Thunder. The entire monument was divided into ten stages. If one looked carefully, they would be able to see very obvious levels.
The lowest level recorded the first level of the Laws of Thunder. Although the power of the Laws above was rich, it was still easy to understand.
The higher one went, the more intense the reaction of the Laws of Thunder became. From the fourth level onwards, blue lightning began to constantly revolve. Every time a bolt of lightning appeared, it would be like a spirit snake that rapidly crawled upwards. As it spread, the power of this bolt of lightning became stronger and stronger. Its color also constantly changed.
It changed from bright white to azure blue, then from azure blue to dark purple, and finally to turquoise green …
These colors represented the level of the Laws of Thunder.
When this bolt of lightning spread to the top, it would turn into a hole in the shape of a wild bolt of lightning. It would emit a violent roar before disappearing without a trace!
Hua Tianming's time was tight.
He found the Laws he needed in Annihilation Valley and recorded them down. At the same time, he constructed the same Laws in his own inner world. Only in this way could he truly grasp the Laws of Thunder.
The key was that he still needed to go to the Sky Vault Clan. The true essence there was equally important to him. Time was tight, so he had no choice but to speed up his comprehension of the Laws.
"Pa!"
A bolt of lightning spread from the bottom to the top of the stele.
As it spread out, it did not completely dissipate into wild lightning. Instead, an extremely thin bolt of lightning suddenly spiraled down and shot into Hua Tianming's body. The speed of this bolt of lightning was extremely fast. It only left behind a dazzling light that slowly dissipated in everyone's eyes before the bolt of lightning had already entered his body.
"This kid … his comprehension ability is really strong!"
"It's only been a few days, and he's already comprehended all three steles!"
"It is indeed strange. Our Myriad Elephant Clan is naturally sensitive to the power of laws. Moreover, every single one of us has to undergo the baptism of thirteen types of laws when we are born. However, our speed of comprehending laws is far inferior to this person's!"
Hua Tianming did not hear those surprised voices, and a hint of joy appeared on his face.
In fact, he was a little confused himself. He was very confident in his talent, but he didn't dare to believe that his comprehension ability could be so fast. After entering the Myriad Elephant Clan for a few days, he felt that all the laws had become relatively simple.
Those profound laws in his mind were like a child's arithmetic. Any problem could be easily solved with a sweep of his mind.
This subtle comprehension accompanied him, and it increased his speed of comprehending the power of laws by more than a hundred times.
Thinking back carefully, he did not encounter any great opportunities in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Why would there be such a miraculous change?
"Perhaps my comprehension ability has increased?" Hua Tianming thought to himself.
That thin bolt of lightning pierced into his dantian and immediately absorbed the True Essence in his internal world. It condensed into a small square stele on the barren land.
Hua Tianming already had more than thirty such square steles. Each square stele represented a level of law. For example, if he completely comprehended the Thunder Law stele in front of him, there would be ten small square steles left in his internal world.
Creating a Rule Stele was a common practice.
After that small square stele appeared, Hua Tianming still did not move. He sat quietly on the spot and comprehended the Thunder Law stele. Just now, he had obtained one of the profundities from the seventh level of the Thunder Law. Next, he would attempt to break through to the eighth level of the Thunder Law.
At this moment, several clansmen of the Myriad Elephant Clan ran over. The leader was the Myriad Elephant Clan's leader, Cang Rui.
Cang Rui led a group of Myriad Elephant Clan members and walked over in a grandiose manner. Hua Tianming acted as if he did not see them and continued to comprehend the square stele.
However, many foreign martial artists became even more curious when they saw their leader arrive. Could it be that this kid's talent was too shocking and alarmed Cang Rui?
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was a hundred meters away from Hua Tianming, also curled his lips.
He and Hua Tianming had both chosen Destruction Wind Valley as their first cultivation holy land. The two of them wanted to comprehend the laws first before heading to the Sky Vault Clan to cultivate. In the end, after entering Destruction Wind Valley, they were once again dealt a heavy blow by Hua Tianming.
He, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, cultivated the Divine Dao of Truth. That was the foundation of all laws. It could be said that Xuanyuan Chenfeng's sensitivity towards the laws was far stronger than other geniuses!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had entered Destruction Wind Valley half a month earlier than Hua Tianming. In these fifteen days, his extremely fast comprehension of the laws caused all the clansmen and foreign martial artists in Destruction Wind Valley to have a whole new level of respect for him.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's mood was originally quite good. Entering Destruction Wind Valley was the best choice.
The laws were one of the foundations. The more profound one's comprehension of the laws was, the stronger the effects of his True Essence would be.
However, half a month later, Hua Tianming came …
Hua Tianming was the first old friend that Xuanyuan Chenfeng had met in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. The two of them didn't have any conflicts. However, with Xuanyuan Chenfeng's temperament, the two of them only exchanged simple greetings and didn't have much interaction.
However, Hua Tianming's subsequent performance left Xuanyuan Chenfeng dumbstruck.
Within a day, he completely comprehended the Fire Laws on the stele. On the second day, he moved to the Ice Laws on the stele at the same speed. On the third day …
Even reading books wouldn't be this fast. Xuanyuan Chenfeng felt like vomiting blood. This profound law stele was as simple as eating and drinking in front of Hua Tianming. What's wrong with this guy?
At this moment, seeing the leader of the Myriad Elephant Clan personally come, Xuanyuan Chenfeng could only sigh silently.
"You're called Hua Tianming?" Cang Rui asked.
Hua Tianming didn't reply. He still raised his head, his eyes firmly fixed on the huge stele.
"Our leader is asking you a question …" A member of the Myriad Elephant Clan couldn't help but scold him.
"Don't." Cang Rui was very patient at this moment. He stopped his clansmen and stood aside to wait. He also signaled his clansmen to stop making noise.
Although Hua Tianming's eyes were open, he seemed to be completely meditating. His pair of eyes stared at the stele in a daze.
"Crackle!"
Another bolt of lightning shot up from the bottom all the way to the sky. Then, it spread out like a fishing net.
"Zi …"
From this wild thunder, a thin bolt of lightning appeared again. It was released from the top of the stele and drilled into Hua Tianming's dantian. In his inner world, it turned into a small stele again.
At this moment, Hua Tianming slowly opened his eyes. There was a smile on his face. He stared at Cang Rui and said, "Sorry, just now I …"
"Young hero Hua is so obsessed with the study of laws. This old man should be happy. There's no need to apologize." Cang Rui smiled slightly. "However, this time, the prophet of the clan personally invited you. I'm afraid I'll have to take some of your time."
"Prophet?" Hua Tianming frowned slightly, but he immediately felt relieved. He didn't have too many questions. "I understand."
The things he knew were originally more than Luo Zheng. There were many things that didn't need to be explained. He could roughly guess.
"Young hero Hua, please follow me." Cang Rui led Hua Tianming away, heading towards the depths of Annihilation Valley. They followed the winding paths in the valley.

Chapter 1548
After Cang Rui led Hua Tianming inside, the Myriad Elephant Clan's prophet waved his hand, "You may leave first."
Cang Rui smiled slightly, "I wonder what the Prophet wants to talk about. Can Cang Rui stop and listen?"
The Prophet frowned and waved his hand gently. An invisible force sent Cang Rui and the others out of the tent. It was an irresistible force.
After the tent's curtain was put down, all the auras inside were isolated.
Cang Rui, who was sent out of the tent, and a few core members of the Myriad Elephant Clan all had indignant expressions on their faces.
"Hmph! This old bastard doesn't have any good intentions towards our Ten Thousand Elephant Clan! "A Ten Thousand Elephant Clan member said.
Cang Rui's face revealed a helpless expression. "There's nothing we can do … Just like those God Realm martial artists said, it's impossible to prove the Divine Way in this Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It's even more impossible to leave this Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It's a pity that the Heaven Vault Clan, the Mountain Crushing Clan, and the Yuan He Clan haven't given up yet. They don't know that their efforts have come to an end. In the end, it's all in vain!"
The six smelting trial Holy Lands often received Divine Realm martial artists. They weren't idiots; they were always able to find out some information from the mouths of Divine Realm martial artists.
In fact, many of the leaders were more or less aware of the situation, including the prophets behind the various clans. Not only were their origins mysterious, but they had never considered their own clans …
However, those clans had never fallen out with the prophets in their clans, but Cang Rui of the Myriad Elephant Clan had already fallen out with the prophets several times.
The words of Cang Rui and the others fell into the ears of Hua Tianming and Prophet without missing a single word.
Hua Tianming was curious. He did not know what conflict Cang Rui had with this prophet.
Noticing Hua Tianming's expression, Prophet was the first to speak. "Hehe, these little fellows are getting harder and harder to manage. They always want the truth, but they don't know that living in ignorance is bliss."
Hua Tianming shook his head. He did not agree with the prophet's words. "Everyone has to have some goals in life."
The clansmen of the Six Great Cultivation Sacred Grounds didn't have any natural enemies in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, and there were no conflicts or wars between them. Without the pressure of survival, it was indeed easy. However, since they were at different levels, their pursuits were naturally different as well...
"But for the sake of constructing the Forbidden Grounds of God Refinement, I didn't leave an exit for them." Right at this moment, an indifferent voice sounded out.
Suddenly, another person appeared in the tent.
That person was was not fat was not thin, not thin was not, and his aura was quite strange's aura.
With Hua Tianming's keen senses, he could sense the flow of any aura around him. If this person had entered the tent through Spatial Transference, he would have been able to sense the remnant Spatial Laws.
He. was was was, a was was was's''s....
Even if he could really remove the spatial laws, the sudden addition of another person in the tent was like throwing a stone into a cup. The water would definitely be pushed aside by the stone and flow in all directions.
The aura in the tent was being squeezed by this extra person, so it would definitely surge towards the surroundings.
...... be be be.. was...... was..........
To be....................... could be. was......... was..... was.
.....??.. and asked.... and...... asked.....
That person smiled and said indifferently: "I am the master of this God Refining Land."
"Saint Jiu!" Hua Tianming's eyes flashed.
No wonder...
As the creator of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, this person could naturally move as he pleased. He didn't even need to use the Laws of Space, because this space was created by him and revolved around his will. Thus, he directly used a ball of air in this tent to replace his incarnation, which could create the shocking effect just now.
Hua Tianming was very astute and instantly came to this conclusion.
Saint Jiu nodded and waved his hand at the Prophet. The Prophet's eyes lost their light and he slowly walked out like a puppet.
The Prophets of the Six Great Cultivation Holy Lands were different from ordinary living beings.
The members of the Six Great Races could be said to have been born independently and possessed their own consciousness and souls. However, these Six Prophets were beings that Saint Jiu had personally created, and their souls and consciousness had been bestowed upon them by Saint Jiu himself. In other words, these Six Prophets could be considered his six incarnations …
Thus, the Prophets of the Six Great Cultivation Holy Lands were unimaginably strong and held important positions in the Six Great Cultivation Holy Lands.
Saint Jiu stared at Hua Tianming and calmly said, "Draw your sword."
Hua Tianming showed no hesitation. The Sword of Tengshe on his back was already in his hand.
Saint Jiu continued, "When Gu Bei left the Weapon Grandmaster's treasure to you, it could be considered a backup plan. I want to see how far you've cultivated. Come at me."
Hua Tianming's eyes suddenly flashed. The Sword of Tengshe flickered with resplendent light. A surging sword intent spread out and surged in the small tent.
The tent looked like it was made of canvas, but the surging sword intent did not tear it apart.
After brewing for a while, Hua Tianming's long sword suddenly stopped. The Taoist Connotation that had been condensed to the extreme burst out. Then, the long sword pierced towards his opponent.
"Pu!"
Saint Jiu did not dodge. The tip of the Sword of Tengshe instantly pierced his body.
The sword pierced through Saint Jiu's skin. The sword intent spread through the sword and wreaked havoc in Saint Jiu's body … He was not worried about Saint Jiu's safety. After all, he was only facing one of Saint Jiu's incarnations. It would be a joke if Saint Jiu, a Divine Realm martial artist, could injure him.
However, Hua Tianming's sword only managed to pierce through less than an inch. His sword couldn't advance any further.
Saint Jiu shook his head. "It's not enough. Your understanding of the Sword of Beginning is not enough."
Hua Tianming was not surprised to receive such an evaluation. "Please enlighten me, Saint Jiu."
Saint Jiu stared at Hua Tianming's heroic face and said, "What I want to impart to you is the realization of certain death. Can you accept it? If you can't, I can give up on you. With your cultivation, talent, and strength, you can still live well in the Divine Realm in the future. "
Hua Tianming might be extremely outstanding, but the three of them had already planned for someone else.
"Yes," Hua Tianming calmly replied.
Ever since he had inherited Weapon Grandmaster Chiyou's treasure trove, Hua Tianming had understood his mission.
"Why is that?" Saint Jiu asked. From his point of view, Hua Tianming's attitude was very important. If this person was truly afraid of death, then their plan would be missing an important part.
Hearing this question, Hua Tianming smiled. "Saint Jiu, do you know what I was thinking when I learned that True Gods had unlimited lifespans?"
"Speak," Saint Jiu said.
"I was thinking that unlimited lifespans might be the greatest punishment in the world," Hua Tianming said, looking straight at Saint Jiu.
Everyone's pursuit of life was different. Some mortals chased after meat for three meals a day. Some martial artists chased after the recognition of their sect. Some experts chased after an even stronger path.
Before Hua Tianming had understood the meaning of his existence, he had indeed chased after such a thing.
But after entering the Weapon Grandmaster's treasure trove, his state of mind had undergone an intense change.
He had obtained an unimaginable amount of information, and through this information, he had been able to view the entire Divine Realm.
This was a highly civilized world filled with Laws. Eternal life was an illusory pursuit for the people of this world, but it was not difficult to achieve in the Divine Realm — at least for Hua Tianming.
He had once tried to climb to the peak of martial arts and used that eye to take a look at the peak. However, he sighed and thought that it was nothing more than that. At least when the mysterious veil was lifted in front of him, the scenery behind the veil did not attract him.
On the contrary, he had developed a strong interest in Northern Sage's plan to stay behind.
It was as if this plan had been tailor-made for him!
He knew that when this plan was realized, it would be the moment of his death, but he had agreed to this plan without hesitation.
Not only for Luo Zheng, but also for himself.
"I like this answer," Saint Jiu said. "Living for so long is indeed quite boring … In this trip to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, I will do my utmost to increase your strength."
The situation in the Divine Realm was rather complicated, and Saint Jiu did not want to talk about it here.
"Where's Luo Zheng?" Hua Tianming asked.
"Him?" Saint Jiu faintly smiled. "The blacksmith and crafting furnace have already been prepared. He just went in, and we will soon begin to completely refine his body."
Thunder Toad, Gong Yu, and Jin Yue were in a rather good mood. This trip to the inner world had been rather unlucky at the beginning, encountering the pursuit of so many Formless Heavenly Centipedes, but they had not expected to profit from this disaster and reach their destination so quickly …
They had not imagined that this place was just a crafting furnace that Saint Jiu had carefully prepared for Luo Zheng. He was going to completely refine Luo Zheng's body here!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1550
After saying that, the one-eyed man suddenly swung the golden sledgehammer and smashed it on the ground!
This big golden hammer suddenly smashed down, making a muffled "dong" sound.
When the hammer smashed into the ground, the bottom of the cave was not destroyed, but a faint halo spread out.
Three meters …
Three hundred meters …
Three thousand meters …
Ten thousand meters …
Three million meters …
Deep underground, high up in the sky …
The inner world, the surface world, the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement was shaking at this moment!
"Old Jiu! Come out! "the one-eyed man shouted.
Seeing that there was no reaction, the one-eyed man smashed the hammer into the ground again.
The second hammer smashed down, causing the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement to shake even more.
At this moment, Saint Jiu, who was talking to Hua Tianming, stiffened and then revealed a bitter smile.
"The blacksmith is already impatient," Saint Jiu said helplessly. He had no choice but to end the conversation for now.
Hua Tianming felt the ground shaking and felt a little confused. What kind of existence was that blacksmith to be able to make the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement shake?
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement might not be as big as a universe, but such a big commotion was clearly not something an ordinary person could do …
Hua Tianming nodded, "I will continue to stay here and wait for Saint Jiu."
"No need, you come with me," Saint Jiu said and reached out to grab Hua Tianming.
Without any warning, Hua Tianming felt the world spin and the scenery around him changed.
He suddenly appeared in a cave.
"You'll know once you knock!" Saint Jiu said unhappily.
The one-eyed man in the cave chuckled and hugged the golden hammer in his hand. He licked the tip of his nose and laughed, "My hammer is already unable to endure the thirst! That kid has already come in! "
"Do I need you to remind me?" Saint Jiu rolled his eyes. He could clearly sense any movement in his inner world. Even a group of ants moving house or a withered leaf falling, he could instantly sense it.
"Then can I make my move? Kill all the trouble around us? "asked the one-eyed man.
In the eyes of this one-eyed man, apart from Luo Zheng who was his treasure, everyone around Luo Zheng was not worth mentioning. He could wipe them all out with a casual move...
"Among them are Han Jia's children. Do you want to make a move?" Saint Jiu sneered.
The one-eyed man snorted. "If it's a side branch of the Han Family, then it doesn't matter."
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement took care of the martial artists of the Divine Realm's large clans to a certain degree. At the very least, Saint Jiu wouldn't allow the children of these important figures to die so casually. He didn't want to provoke any trouble.
"Then you can try. In any case, I'll pretend I didn't see it." Saint Jiu shrugged.
The one-eyed man also sensed the meaning behind Saint Jiu's words. It seemed that Luo Zheng had an important direct descendant of the Han Family by his side. He immediately picked up his golden hammer and walked out of the cave. "I understand. No one will die …"
The one-eyed man took a single step and suddenly appeared at the entrance of the cave. Hua Tianming carefully observed him but didn't sense any Space Laws. This person wasn't Saint Jiu, so Hua Tianming naturally couldn't see how he did it.
"Is this the blacksmith that Lord Saint Jiu spoke of?" Hua Tianming asked.
Saint Jiu nodded. "I paid a considerable price to invite this fellow here!"
Even a Saint would find it difficult to invite this one-eyed man. This fellow was extremely picky. Most of the time, it wasn't just a matter of price. With his strength, there were far too few things in the Divine Realm that could catch his eye. Most of the time, he acted out of pure interest. In addition to his eccentric personality, it was extremely difficult to invite him.
However, Saint Jiu had successfully piqued this fellow's interest …
Whether it was in the divine realm or the universe, there were all kinds of strange divine weapons, magical treasures, and evil weapons. All kinds of unimaginable refining methods were common. Magical treasures could speak, help their masters take revenge, and even take human form to marry their masters. There were even such strange things as magical treasures taking human form and marrying their masters!
However, Saint Jiu was certain that refining a human body into a magic treasure was unprecedented. This was also one of the reasons why the one-eyed man was willing to help.
The one-eyed man carried his golden hammer and walked up the cave. His target was naturally Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the ice butterfly diagram in Gong Yu's hand was almost completely used up.
"Quick, let's charge over!"
The number of butterflies that condensed became fewer and fewer. Everyone felt their surroundings become hotter and hotter!
The lava on both sides of the path continued to transform into countless creatures that pounced at the group.
"Illusory Frost Chant!"
"Snow Seal …"
"Mysterious Ice Sky!"
After feeling the pressure from Gong Yu, the various Sector Lords of the Han Family also made their move.
At this moment, the entire cave shook. On the narrow path, a few fighters slid down the lava on both sides.
Luckily, these fighters reacted extremely quickly. They instantly flew into the air and avoided the tragedy of falling into the lava.
"Earthquake?" Everyone's eyes revealed surprise.
This earthquake came without any warning signs …
They were in the cave and naturally didn't know that this tremor had affected the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
After shaking three times, the entire cave stabilized.
Not long after, everyone saw a person at the bottom of the cave.
It was a one-eyed man. He carried a golden hammer and walked towards them. His footsteps were strange and his face was expressionless. The key was that the path below took a turn. This one-eyed man didn't follow the path. Instead, he walked in a straight line and slowly walked over the lava.
The green flames in the lava didn't cause any damage to him!
"Who … are you?"
Gong Yu and Thunder Toad took the lead and blocked in front.
They had already walked more than half the way. As long as they sent Luo Zheng into the cave, they would be able to take the door. This one-eyed man who suddenly appeared didn't seem to have good intentions.
This one-eyed man didn't emit any aura at all. They couldn't estimate his cultivation level at all!
Facing such an unfathomable person, they were naturally nervous.
The one-eyed man didn't even bother to reply to Gong Yu. He walked towards them. In his eyes, there was only Luo Zheng …
If it wasn't for Jiu Sheng being unwilling, he would have killed all of them.
To an existence like the one-eyed man, these living beings were no different from a ball of true essence. They had no value. However, he promised Jiu Sheng that he wouldn't kill them.
"Stop." Thunder Toad's face sank. He directly blocked the one-eyed man. His tall and sturdy body was like a door in front of him. His muscles were somewhat stiff.
The Mountain Shattering Tribe was proud of their strength. Thunder Toad was also the leader. However, in front of this one-eyed man, Thunder Toad didn't have much confidence.
Therefore, Thunder Toad didn't attack. He only wanted to use his body to block in front of this person!
This operation was too important to Thunder Toad and the others. He wouldn't allow anyone to disrupt their plan.
The one-eyed man didn't react to Thunder Toad's warning. He continued to walk towards Luo Zheng.
The two of them didn't give way to each other. In the end, they still collided!
The one-eyed man maintained his pace from beginning to end. When he collided with Thunder Toad, it was as if he had collided with a curtain. The one-eyed man's speed didn't slow down or change at all.
On the other hand, Lei Toad's face was ghastly pale. He let out a muffled groan and his burly body fell to the ground. He almost fell into the magma. Lying on the ground, he couldn't even get up! His heart, however, was surging with waves!
In the collision just now, Thunder Toad had secretly accumulated more than ninety percent of the strength in his body! Under such a collision, Thunder Toad felt as if he was a piece of paper. He couldn't obstruct the one-eyed man in the slightest!
This meant that their strength wasn't on the same level. Thunder Toad was just an ant standing in front of an elephant. He didn't have the qualifications to block the road at all!
Gong Yu and Jin Yue's expressions were quite ugly. Gong Yu couldn't help but attack. However, when he saw Thunder Toad suffer, he realized that the one-eyed man's strength was beyond imagination.
If all of them rushed forward, they wouldn't even be able to resist one finger of this person!
Gong Yu resisted the urge to attack and only asked in a low voice, "Senior, may I ask what you want?"

Chapter 1551
This person's casual grab seemed to have completely sealed off all of Luo Zheng's escape routes. There was simply no room to dodge …
The nine stars in Luo Zheng's inner world were constantly transforming Primal Chaos Qi. However, the amount of Primal Chaos Qi in his inner world was limited. If he absorbed too much Primal Chaos Qi at once, his inner world would face the problem of drying up.
Although Luo Zheng guessed that this person in front of him might have been arranged by Saint Jiu, he knew nothing about this arrangement.
When this person grabbed him, Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted, wanting to break free from this person's grasp!
However, this person grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder and twisted his hand, dissolving Luo Zheng's movement technique. Then, he exerted some force and directly lifted Luo Zheng onto his shoulder.
Whether it was in terms of strength or control of strength, Luo Zheng was far inferior to this person.
This person carried Luo Zheng on one shoulder and the golden hammer on the other. He strode forward, minding his own business. As for the group of martial artists behind him, they were completely ignored by this one-eyed man.
"Let go of me!" Luo Zheng coldly said.
Although his hands were being held by this person, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng had no way to resist.
"I advise you to be obedient. Resistance is meaningless," the one-eyed man coldly said.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed and the Primal Chaos Qi in his body surged out. Then, a circle of light quietly appeared under the one-eyed man's feet. He was about to use the Thunder Tribulation Annihilation. However, the heavenly tribulation above their heads brewed for a long time, but the heavenly lightning didn't fall …
The one-eyed man looked up and coldly smiled, "There is no heavenly tribulation in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. The Thunder Tribulation Annihilation naturally can't be summoned. I already told you not to struggle in vain."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng slightly frowned. This Forbidden Land of God Refinement wasn't a complete universe. Some cultivation methods couldn't be used. For example, the Stellar Battle Body couldn't be used.
However, as soon as this one-eyed man's voice fell, a stream of Primal Chaos Qi surged out and transformed into beautiful ice flowers.
It was the Ice Soul Devil Flame that Luo Zheng had just comprehended!
Extremely beautiful ice flowers fluttered in the air and drifted towards the one-eyed man, immediately releasing an intense chill.
The one-eyed man was originally moving forward at an extremely fast speed, but the instant the Icy Soul Devil Flame bloomed, it was as if he had fallen into a swamp, and his speed rapidly decreased …
"Ice Soul Devil Flame?" The one-eyed man's face revealed a look of surprise. He never thought that Luo Zheng would be able to learn Sage Jiu's spirit power.
The might of the Icy Soul Devil Flame, which was powered by Primal Chaos Qi, was naturally no small matter. The one-eyed man was careless for a moment and allowed the cold flame poison within the Icy Soul Devil Flame to invade his body. At this moment, it was extremely difficult for him to move.
But in the end, Luo Zheng's cultivation was far too low. If this method were used on a martial artist of the same level, or even a Divine Transformation realm martial artist or World Lord, the effects would naturally be different. But to this one-eyed man, it wasn't even worth mentioning.
His body flashed with a halo of light and waves of water vapor were forcefully squeezed out from his body. His originally sluggish body was instantly able to move freely.
At this moment, Luo Zheng used the Icy Soul Devil Flame again. The cold flame poison within was no longer able to drill into the one-eyed man's body.
However, the one-eyed man didn't seem to want Luo Zheng to cause any more trouble. He casually condensed a faint halo of light and slapped it towards Luo Zheng's abdomen. After his hand left Luo Zheng's abdomen, he left behind a spider formed from light in his dantian.
This spider was vivid and lifelike. It lay on Luo Zheng's abdomen, its eight legs easily piercing through Luo Zheng's abdomen and wrapping around Luo Zheng's dantian. He instantly felt as if he had lost contact with his inner world!
"It's just a Truth Sealing Art. However, your inner world should be similar to a Sage's universe. It has the ability to transcend worlds. Thus, I've temporarily modified this Truth Sealing Art. I advise you not to carelessly use it. If you really do cut off your connection with your inner world, then I'll have sinned greatly." The one-eyed man looked ahead.
This time, Luo Zheng was truly at his wit's end.
Not only was this person unimaginably powerful, but he also understood him so well. He even knew that his inner world was different from ordinary people's.
However, Luo Zheng was able to relax for now. Although this fellow's appearance was unfriendly, he had not killed a single person. Moreover, this fellow knew Luo Zheng very well, so he should be someone that Saint Jiu had deliberately arranged. However, why did this person kidnap him?
"Follow him!"
Gong Yu and the others weren't willing to give up. They also knew that they were far from being this person's match. They could only follow from a distance. None of them were willing to rush to their deaths.
The two Han Family sisters led the rest of the Han Family to follow behind. Han Liusu stared and said, "Sister, why do I feel that this person is somewhat familiar?"
Han Chuyue shook her head. "I don't recognize this person …"
"What about He Zuowei?" Han Liusu asked again.
He Zuowei and the other Sector Lords shook their heads at the same time. These Sector Lords didn't have a high status in the Han Clan. In fact, if Han Liusu was cultivating in the Divine Region, her guards would basically be True Gods. They wouldn't even have the chance to see the Realm Lords. However, True Gods couldn't descend in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Han Clan could only send Sector Lords to act as their guards. With the status of these Sector Lords, it wasn't easy for them to even catch a glimpse of the Saint Emperors.
"Reporting to Eldest Princess, this subordinate doesn't know." He Zuowei shook his head.
Han Liusu frowned and thought for a moment, then lightly said, "Six years ago, after the Sage Hall's meeting, father invited the Sages to a banquet to pick the shoots of the Fusang Divine Tree. I seem to have seen this person at that banquet …"
"What!" He Zuowei and the others' expressions suddenly changed.
To be able to be personally entertained by the Sage Emperor, he had to be a Sage. At the very least, he had to be an upper True God!
No wonder this person was so strong …
"If I remember correctly, this person seems to be that Craftsman Saint." Han Liusu continued.
"Ah!"
Many Sector Lords' expressions became even more shocked!
"Impossible! That Craftsman Saint is incomparably reclusive. How could he personally appear in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement? "
"Back then, even the Lord Sage Emperor couldn't invite this person …"
"But rumor has it that the Craftsman Saint refined one of his eyes into a chaos treasure called the Devil Star's Eye. That Craftsman Saint was indeed a one-eyed dragon!"
This group of Sector Lords might not have the qualifications to meet those top figures, but it didn't mean that they had never heard of these figures. In fact, the legends of every Sage were widely spread in the Divine Realm. Some cultivators could be said to be familiar with them.
Especially the legends of this Craftsman Saint, there were countless of them.
It was said that this Craftsman Saint was only a very ordinary blacksmith back then. Although he had a little reputation in the Divine Realm, his cultivation base was only in the lower True God realm. He could be considered a borderline True God.
At that time, blacksmiths were very particular about being orthodox. Back then, the Craftsman Saint's temperament and character were very eccentric. He was not tolerated by the orthodox and was expelled from his own blacksmith sect.
On the path of refining grandmist treasures, the Craftsman Saint didn't have great achievements.
Fortunately, blacksmiths were a highly sought after profession anywhere. Some famous blacksmiths were much wealthier than cultivators of the same realm. With their own skills, they could live comfortably in a small corner.
However, the Craftsman Saint had always been brooding about being expelled from his sect. Perhaps he didn't have any great breakthroughs on the path of refining grandmist treasures, but he set his sights on chaos energy!
He knew that chaos energy could be obtained from the borderline of the Divine Realm. However, chaos energy was extremely toxic to cultivators. Their dantian couldn't contain it. What if they sealed chaos energy into a weapon?
In fact, many blacksmiths had the idea of refining a chaos treasure, but no one had put it into action.
After the Craftsman Saint came up with his hypothesis, he walked on this path without hesitation.
As a lower True God, it wasn't easy to obtain chaos energy. In fact, in the entire Divine Realm, only Saints dared to wander in the chaos. However, this didn't mean that chaos energy didn't exist in the Divine Realm.
The roots of the East Pole Fusang, the West Pole Ruo Wood, the North Star Building Wood, and the Southern Dipper Seeking Wood were buried in the borderline of the Divine Realm. The roots of these four divine trees extended for millions of miles to the periphery of the Divine Realm. They went deep into the chaos and continuously absorbed chaos energy.
The Craftsman Saint had visited the four divine trees before. In the end, he paid a considerable price and exhausted almost all of his wealth to obtain chaos energy from the Southern Dipper Seeking Wood!
Then, according to his own ideas, he refined this chaos energy into a weapon.
However, the Craftsman Saint didn't succeed on his first try.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1552
When some of the blacksmiths in the divine territory heard of this news, they all mocked him for being childish.
Using the Primordial Astral Nova as the foundation of the blacksmithing method had been passed down for countless years. It was also the orthodox way of the blacksmiths in the divine territory!
This person was indulging in wild fantasies. He wanted to open up a new path and use the primordial chaos to refine weapons. He simply did not know the immensity of heaven and earth.
The first failure exhausted all of the Craftsman God's wealth.
At that time, the Craftsman God had been silent for a long time. The social structure in the divine territory was quite complete. All blacksmiths had to be registered in the blacksmithing guild and become a blacksmith of the guild. They would be issued an exclusive nameplate before they were qualified to sell and auction the weapons they refined.
The Craftsman God had been expelled by the Blacksmithing Guild. The weapons and treasures that he refined in private could not be sold legitimately. They could only be traded in some black market auctions. The prices were also quite low …
According to the Craftsman God's situation at that time, it would be extremely difficult for him to accumulate a considerable amount of wealth in exchange for the primordial chaos aura.
However, the Craftsman God did not give up.
In his opinion, since he had an endless lifespan, time was the cheapest thing. He would accumulate slowly and there would always be a second chance.
However, the Craftsman God did not expect that his second chance would come so quickly. This was because he met "Gu Bei", also known as "North Sage" in the divine territory.
At that time, Gu Bei and Luo Xiao had already begun to explore the primordial chaos.
He had unintentionally heard about this "young" refiner and became interested in this refiner.
In the end, they found the Craftsman God and expressed that they could provide him with the primordial chaos aura …
The Craftsman God was extremely touched at that time!
Although the Craftsman God was determined to refine a primordial chaos treasure, with the speed at which he accumulated wealth, it would be many years before he could get a second chance. Moreover, who could guarantee that he would succeed the second time?
Of course, he could try a third time, a fourth time …
However, the time it would take to succeed would be extended infinitely.
Reality proved that this kind of success was not so easy.
Before refining the first primordial chaos treasure, the Craftsman God failed 76 times!
This could be considered as "North Sage" who had done some research on the primordial chaos and concluded that it was enough to refine primordial chaos treasures. Strictly speaking, the primordial chaos energy was at the level of vital essence. However, the primordial chaos energy exceeded this level of energy. It was the origin of all things. There was no reason that it could not be refined successfully.
On the 77th time, the Craftsman God finally refined his first primordial chaos treasure!
When this Chaos Supreme Treasure was revealed, the entire Divine Dominion's Weapon Forging World was shocked. At first, the Weapon Forging Guild refused to acknowledge this treasure and tried their best to erase this fact. In the end, it was only after North Sage intervened that the Divine Dominion was forced to acknowledge this treasure.
Relying on this method, the Craftsman God had created a sect that was comparable to a grandmist artifact artifact!
After that, the Craftsman God went out of control and explored a new path in refining Chaos Supreme Treasures. He then established his own sect and vaguely showed signs of being on par with the Craftsmen's Union.
The Craftsmen's Union was also quite helpless about this. This huge union formed by craftsmen had existed for countless years, but chaos treasures had become a new trend. Whether it was Upper True Gods, Venerables, or True Saints, all of them scrambled madly for chaos treasures. As for grandmist treasures, their value fell again and again. This was something that had never happened before.
............ and..........
Later on, he did something rather crazy, which shocked the entire Divine Realm once again. Even many Saints were shocked.
At that time, the Craftsman God took one of his eyeballs and refined it into the Devil Star Eye!
Although the eyeball was a primordial chaos treasure, it was not an ordinary treasure used to defend against enemies. It was a huge world, a world similar to the universe!
After the Devil Star Eye was refined, it was placed at the edge of the divine territory like the other universes!
The Craftsman Saint had never stepped into the Saint Realm, and he himself had not cultivated to the Saint Realm. Even after many years, he was only at the Middle True God Realm. However, with the Devil Star Eye, he was qualified to be ranked among the Saints!
It was the first time in the history of the divine territory that someone had been conferred a Saint in such a unique way.
Only at this time did the words "Craftsman Saint" appear in the Divine Domain!
He was the first and perhaps the last person to be conferred a Saint as a refiner.
Although Saint Jiu had paid a great price to invite the Craftsman God, the most important thing was that the Craftsman God still cherished their old friendship.
The Craftsman God might not be able to help Luo Zheng fight against the Saints, but he could help Luo Zheng to the greatest extent. Moreover, he was very curious about Luo Zheng's body. He had refined many primordial chaos treasures, but he had never seen a warrior who could take the primordial chaos for his own use.
"If it really is the Craftsman God, why did he take Luo Zheng away?" He Zuowei asked.
Han Liusu blinked. "He can't be trying to refine him, right?" She knew that Luo Zheng's body was special, so she came to this conclusion. But it was only a guess.
"It's possible." He Zuowei nodded in agreement. "I'm afraid Luo Zheng is doomed."
Although the legend of the Craftsman God was widespread, everyone knew that this person was quite eccentric. It was not surprising that he would do something like this.
However, they thought that the Craftsman God would refine Luo Zheng, but in reality, the Craftsman God wanted to refine Luo Zheng. The difference of one word was like the difference between heaven and earth.
Ever since Luo Zheng started cultivating the Exalted Tool Refining Method, he had always been very passive in refining his body. The Primordial Astral Nova had only refined his body a few times with the help of the crimson dragon. However, the crimson dragon was not a tool refiner, and Qinglong was not proficient in this field.
This time, the Craftsman Saint was going to personally refine Luo Zheng's weapon.
The Craftsman God already had a rough idea, but this was his first time refining a living person. Moreover, Luo Zheng not only had a special body, but also cultivated a special cultivation method. Even the Craftsman God himself could not be sure what the final result would be.
Han Liusu was unwilling to give up. She lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot and dashed out of the crowd. She shouted, "Uncle Craftsman God! I am Han Liusu from the Han Family! "
When she called out the Craftsman God's identity, the Realm of the Gods cultivators were dumbfounded.
Who would have thought that the one-eyed man in front of them was the Craftsman God who had created the Chaos Treasure?
The one-eyed man turned his head and glanced at Han Liusu. He had already determined that this woman was the eldest daughter of the Hidden Sage, the Eldest Princess who possessed the Blood of Impure Yin.
Hearing this shout, the Craftsman God's face was wooden. He did not respond at all. His footsteps were extremely fast, as if he was teleporting. He shuttled downwards …
Han Liusu could not help but pout. Seeing the Craftsman God carrying Luo Zheng, she could only continue chasing.
The cave was not very deep. After a short while, the Craftsman God arrived at the bottom of the cave. There was another curved cave entrance there. Green tongues of fire were wildly spewing out from this cave entrance.
The Craftsman God did not hesitate at all. He carried Luo Zheng and rushed into the cave.
This cave was the one that Lei Toad and Gong Yu had discovered.
When Lei Toad and Gong Yu saw this scene, their feelings were extremely complicated. They had hoped that Luo Zheng would enter and bring out the door.
Now, Luo Zheng had indeed entered. However, he did not enter by himself. Instead, he was dragged in by the so-called Craftsman God. The situation had suddenly become complicated!
"Dong!"
Lei Toad punched the wall, but could only stand there anxiously. They had brought Luo Zheng from thousands of miles away to their destination. However, this inexplicable situation had occurred. This caused the three clan leaders to feel extremely disheartened.
The cave was filled with green flames. The one-eyed man carried Luo Zheng inside and casually threw him to the ground.
The moment Luo Zheng fell to the ground, he rolled and stood up. He frowned at the one-eyed man.
The green Strange Fire was constantly burning Luo Zheng. His body was already a dazzling gold. He began to frantically absorb the green flames.
"What the hell are you doing?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
The one-eyed man did not answer Luo Zheng's question. He only moved his body. Suddenly, he waved the golden hammer in his hand and fiercely smashed it towards Luo Zheng's chest!
The speed was so fast that it exceeded the limit of Luo Zheng's reaction. Before he could see it clearly, the golden hammer had already smashed into his chest.
Accompanied by a muffled sound, an extremely strong force spread out from the golden hammer and transmitted into Luo Zheng's body!
Although the force was strong, it was very uniform. A faint halo spread out from the hammer and dispersed the force of the golden hammer throughout Luo Zheng's body.

Chapter 1553
If the hammer's power hadn't been evenly distributed throughout Luo Zheng's body, but had struck Luo Zheng in the form of a single point, he might have been directly smashed into two pieces.
But this power clearly wasn't meant to take Luo Zheng's life …
At this moment, the Craftsman Saint's eyes had become incomparably focused, and there was even a trace of madness in them.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng wasn't a living person, but a weapon waiting to be tempered!
After the Craftsman Saint became a Saint, his refining techniques had reached the pinnacle.
Naturally, there were high and low refining techniques for refiners, and this depended on the degree of control of power.
No matter how hard an ore or material was, it couldn't withstand the tempering of a strange fire. For example, the Golden Fork Strange Stone was a type of divine artifact ore that couldn't be touched by oil or salt. But after being burned by a special water flame, its characteristics would change, becoming loose and brittle. If the power was slightly greater, the entire Golden Fork Strange Stone would be scrapped.
Therefore, refining techniques were extremely important here.
And these techniques were divided into Small Perfection and Great Perfection in the Realm of the Gods. Small Perfection spread the power evenly throughout the area, and it was relatively easier to grasp. Many of the mature refiners in the Realm of the Gods had grasped this technique.
But in the Realm of the Gods, there were very few who could use the Great Perfection tempering technique.
This Great Perfection technique didn't only require a fine control of power, it also required a great amount of power.
Previously, the Craftsman Saint had smashed the ground three times with his hammer, almost shaking the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
If it was another person, they might have created a several thousand mile wide crater, but there wasn't even a small crater under the Craftsman Saint's feet!
This was because the power of this hammer was evenly distributed throughout the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Now, the Craftsman Saint was using the Great Perfection tempering technique. Although the power of this hammer was extremely strong, when it was evenly distributed, Luo Zheng's body could easily withstand it.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt as if a pot of lava had been poured into his body, and it was scalding hot!
This scalding hot feeling didn't come from the green strange fire, but from the Primordial Astral Nova.
Arms, arms, stomach, heart, head …
Every pore, every blood vessel, and even every crack in his bones had a vast amount of Primordial Astral Nova gushing out.
His body was like a dam that had been opened. The Primordial Astral Force was rushing down at an unprecedented speed and gathering in his body!
If he could produce a small amount of Primordial Chaos Celestial Force, it could reduce Luo Zheng's pain. Therefore, he didn't feel any pain when he was beaten. Instead, he felt unusually comfortable.
However, if there were too many Primordial Dippers, it wouldn't be a good thing.
With such a massive amount of Primordial Astral Force gathering in Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng felt an intense burning sensation. Apart from that, there was also a wave of aching and numbing pain …
However, the Craftsman Saint was not satisfied with this little amount of Primordial Astral Force. With this strike, Luo Zheng was sent flying into the air. After a somersault in the air, his body involuntarily fell back down.
Before Luo Zheng could land, the Craftsman Saint had already swung his hammer a second time. This time, the hammer directly smashed onto Luo Zheng's head!
Boom!
The huge golden hammer directly smashed onto Luo Zheng's head.
With the Craftsman Saint's Perfection Stage technique, smashing his head was actually the same as smashing one of Luo Zheng's fingers. After all, he had spread his own strength evenly throughout Luo Zheng's body. Therefore, the location was not important. What was important was that he didn't let Luo Zheng down at all!
With this second strike, Luo Zheng was like a rocket that shot straight into the sky. He flew all the way up, crashed into the ceiling of the cave, and fell straight back down …
"Again!"
The third strike!
The strength of each strike was very evenly distributed, squeezing out the Primordial Astral Force in Luo Zheng's body!
By the fourth strike, the Primordial Astral Force that Luo Zheng's body could withstand was already in a state of bursting. If people looked at Luo Zheng now, they would see that his skin and flesh were bulging. His originally thin face looked as if it had been beaten swollen. His pair of round cheeks looked like a pig's head.
"So painful!"
The Primordial Astral Force was also a kind of strength. This kind of strength was extremely strong and tough. Now, a huge amount of Primordial Astral Force was squeezing Luo Zheng's body, and at the same time, not being pushed out by Luo Zheng, he was naturally in great pain.
Moreover, this kind of pain was even more unbearable than when he had been squeezed!
"The fifth strike!"
While the Craftsman Saint was hammering, he was also sizing up Luo Zheng's situation.
Although he saw Luo Zheng as a magical weapon, he also had to consider Luo Zheng's uniqueness. After all, he was a living person. He was completely different from a piece of lifeless Essence Iron.
A piece of Essence Iron was a whole inside, but Luo Zheng's body contained all kinds of organs, bones, and spaces …
If he was hammered like ordinary Essence Iron, the only result would be that Luo Zheng's body would explode and he would die.
This time, Sage Jiu had paid a great price to invite him, and this youth was the son of an old friend. Perhaps he didn't seem to care in front of Luo Zheng, but he still had to be somewhat cautious.
After five strikes, the Craftsman Saint stopped.
He reached out his hand and gently flipped it. A ray of light from the Law of Space flickered in his hand. When the light disappeared, there was a golden wine pot in his hand! He tilted the mouth of the wine pot toward Luo Zheng. From the mouth of the pot, bejeweled nectar immediately flowed down and poured over Luo Zheng's body!
"Slurp!"
It was unknown what was in the wine pot. Even though the place was burning, the bejeweled nectar wasn't affected at all. When the nectar touched Luo Zheng's body, it instantly rose into a white mist.
Luo Zheng was lying on the ground, already on the verge of death. He felt that he could explode at any time. There were too many Primordial Astral Stars. They were not under Luo Zheng's control at all and were running amok in his body. Some of them even rushed into his brain, causing him to be unable to think clearly for a while.
But at that moment, he suddenly felt a cool feeling!
It was like a thirsty man on a desert journey seeing an oasis in front of him. Suddenly, he rushed into the oasis and drank like a whale. His body began to desperately absorb the bejeweled nectar!
At the same time, the Primordial Astral Stars in his body also surged toward the bejeweled nectar. They were constantly melted by the liquid and completely integrated into his muscles and bones.
"What is this?"
After regaining his senses, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and saw that the one-eyed man was aiming a wine jug at him. At this moment, he even had an impulse to snatch the wine jug and drink it all in one gulp …
However, he also knew that in his current state, any action would be futile. At that moment, he could only obediently lie on the ground and hope that this torture wouldn't last too long.
Reality proved that the more one feared something, the more it would happen.
A godly weapon was forged through countless rounds of tempering. Luo Zheng had only been struck by the golden hammer five times ….
After the bejeweled nectar was absorbed by Luo Zheng, the golden hammer in the Craftsman Saint's hand made a circle and suddenly hit the ground next to Luo Zheng. A huge force bounced Luo Zheng off the ground again!
"Dong!"
This time, Luo Zheng also let out a muffled groan!
Before he could react, the Primordial Astral Stars in his body were like a flood, crazily flowing around Luo Zheng's limbs and bones!
"Dong, dong, dong, dong!"
In an instant, another five hammers were hit …
Luo Zheng, who was rapidly "losing weight", suddenly became "fat" at this moment.
The pain of this repeated torture was far beyond imagination. However, no matter how painful it was, it was not as painful as Luo Zheng's pain when he cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. After all, this pain only came from the physical body, but the pain of cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Technique was all-encompassing …
"Huala …"
The Craftsman Saint took out the wine jug again and poured the bejeweled nectar on Luo Zheng's body, causing a large amount of white mist to rise.
As this tempering process was repeated, the number of times the Craftsman Saint hit Luo Zheng's body increased …
At first, it was five hammers in a row. After repeating it three times, it was six times in a row. After repeating it three times, it was seven times!
Time slowly passed as the tempering continued!
The crowd outside the cave had been waiting for a long time. On the other side of the cave, Hua Tianming and Saint Jiu stood to the side, silently watching Luo Zheng in the distance undergo this painful tempering.
"I see that Luo Zheng is in a lot of pain. How long will this torture last?" Hua Tianming asked.
Saint Jiu said indifferently, "If you want to do something that ordinary people can't, you have to bear pain that ordinary people can't."

Chapter 1555
As Saint Jiu said, this piece of godhood had an extremely special origin.
Strictly speaking, this piece of godhood wasn't a complete piece of godhood. It was only a fragment of a massive piece of godhood!
One day in Bingyin, a life form wielding the Good Fortune Axe cleaved open a space in the primordial chaos. From then on, the entire Divine Realm was created, giving birth to countless life forms. Some became True Gods, some stepped into the Saint Realm, and created the universe …
After countless Divine Epochs, the Realm of the Gods was formed.
In the instant that the Good Fortune Axe split open the Realm of the Gods, it transformed into the 3000 Great Daos, allowing countless lives to perceive them …
As culture evolved, the 3000 Great Daos became the 3000 Divine Daos.
Some of these Divine Daos were widely spread. For instance, the Divine Dao of Truth. This Divine Dao of Truth constantly perfected the Laws of the Realm of the Gods. It was also one of the foundations of becoming a Saint. This was because in order to become a True Divinity, one had to be proficient in all Laws.
As for some other Divine Daos, they involved certain reasons and were forbidden from being cultivated. For instance, the Severing Emotions Divine Dao.
But a Divine Dao like the Great Wish Art could be cultivated by almost everyone in the Realm of the Gods. Many times, if one used the Great Wish Art, it could often save their life …
Besides these Divine Daos, there were also some lost Divine Daos. They had already lost their true inheritances and turned into the dust of history, annihilated in the endless river of time.
When these 3000 Divine Daos were cultivated to the peak, they could condense into all sorts of godhoods. The shapes of these godhoods were all different and their abilities were naturally as different as the heavens and earth.
What was interesting was that a godhood had an extremely powerful characteristic. Once it was condensed, it would never be destroyed! Even if a lower True Divinity's godhood was condensed, it would be impossible to destroy it no matter what method was used. Even if a Saint used their strength, they still wouldn't be able to destroy it …
As for what sort of substance a godhood was, there was still a great deal of controversy within the Realm of the Gods.
However, most people pointed the key to the problem towards a single person!
In the past, the person who wielded the Good Fortune Axe and opened the Realm of the Gods.
Time would thoroughly bury some truths, but there would always be some clues left behind …
On the day of Bing Yin, the moment the Good Fortune Axe split open the Realm of the Gods, the entire Good Fortune Axe was destroyed.
The Divine Realm that had just been split open was in an empty state, without any life being born. Then, where did the legend of the Good Fortune Axe come from?
Who was the person who wielded the Good Fortune Axe in the past?
In the center of the Divine Realm was the vast and boundless Sea of Time, and at the end of the Sea of Time was a flat and vast plain.
If one were to fly to an extremely high altitude and look down at the plains, they would see that the plains were dotted with countless cities. This was the most prosperous place in the entire Divine Realm, and it was also where the Temple of Saints was located.
The Sacred Hall was like a resplendent pearl that reflected the entire Sea of Time.
However, the most attractive thing wasn't the Templars or the countless cities on the plains. Instead, it was the huge pits on the plains!
These pits were connected to each other and formed the shape of a person, forming a copy of a person.
In other words, this pit was made by a gigantic humanoid creature. Through these pits, one could even make out the creature's head, abdomen, and legs …
This was the place where the Realm of the Gods was born. The Good Fortune Axe had disappeared and the person who wielded the Good Fortune Axe had also disappeared. However, the pit left behind by that person had been preserved!
Countless Divine Epochs ago, this matter had already been decided.
However, most people believed that this person had either left the God's Domain or had merged with the entire God's Domain. Thousands of Divine Epochs ago, which could be called the Middle Ages, most people believed that this person had left the God's Domain …
However, in the later stages of the Middle Ages, because of the war between two Saints, a large area of this vast and boundless plain had been opened up. And at that time, in one of these pits, they discovered a massive godhood!
The characteristics of this godhood were different from ordinary godhoods. It seemed to be able to change its characteristics according to the imagination of the person who held it.
In other words, if one held this godhood and imagined it to be extremely firm, then it would be indestructible. If one imagined it to be extremely soft, then this godhood would be as soft as cotton …
They called this godhood the origin of godhood. This was because they speculated that the godhoods of the 3000 Great Daos were created from this origin of godhood.
Moreover, this godhood could fuse together with all other godhoods. Whether it was a True Divinity or a Saint, it would increase their strength to a considerable degree.
The birth of such a shocking treasure instantly set off a reign of terror in the God's Domain at that time.
It was originally a battle between two Saints, but many Saints in the Divine Realm were completely dragged into it …
The process of the battle was not described. This massive origin of godhood was eventually divided into countless pieces and divided among the Saints.
Some people kept this piece of godhood and continued to study it, while others directly devoured it and fused it with their own godhood. There were too few ways to strengthen a godhood in this world. Directly devouring the shards of this godhood was an excellent opportunity to become stronger.
The Craftsman Saint became famous relatively late. He was not even born back then, so he naturally could not have participated in the battle for the godhood. However, even if he had the opportunity to participate, he would not have been able to obtain even a shard of godhood …
This was because people at that time believed that this godhood might contain the ultimate secrets of the 3000 Great Daos. Some people even asserted that the lost Great Daos were hidden in this godhood.
However, countless years had passed. The Saints who had snatched away the shards of godhood had not been able to find anything from it. In the end, they had all devoured this origin of godhood one after another …
After so many years, the secrets of the origin of godhood had never been uncovered. However, there were fewer and fewer of them left in the world, and they were increasingly rare.
Tens of thousands of years ago, the Craftsman Saint had used a top-grade chaos treasure to exchange for a piece of origin of godhood with a Saint of the Holy Hall.
The Craftsman Saint had not been able to unravel the secrets of this origin of godhood. However, not only could this origin of godhood be fused with godhood, but it could also be refined into weapons.
However, the Craftsman Saint had never found an opportunity to try it out. Origin of godhood was rare. Even with his wealth, he did not dare to squander it casually.
However, the Craftsman Saint was actually so generous this time. He had actually taken out the origin of godhood! It was no wonder that the Craftsman Saint had been so hesitant …
The Craftsman Saint had his own reasons.
In his opinion, it was indeed necessary to cultivate Luo Zheng at this stage.
Although the Craftsman Saint was quite well-regarded in the Divine Dominion and was a guest of honor in front of the Saints' doors wherever he went, the Craftsman Saint's relationship with those old fellows in the Weapon Refining Union was not as good as it seemed.
Although the Craftsman Saint had reconciled with the Weapon Refining Union, it was only a temporary compromise between the two. The root of the conflict had not been resolved.
The Weapon Refining Union had repeatedly expressed that the Craftsman Saint should hand over the cultivation method for chaos treasures. However, other than the two disciples he had taught it to, there was no fourth person in the entire Divine Dominion who had the method to refine chaos treasures!
When he had wanted to try it back then, these people had treated him as a joke. Now that he had finally achieved great things, how could the Craftsman Saint be willing to hand over the forging method for no good reason?
This conflict had always been buried here. Over the past hundred years, several Saints had vaguely mentioned this matter to him, hoping that the Craftsman Saint would make the method to refine chaos treasures public to benefit the entire Divine Dominion.
The Craftsman Saint was still no match for those who had stepped into the Saint Realm. Even if he had refined his eyes into a small universe and become a member of the Sacred Hall, he had not stepped into the Saint Realm. There was still a significant gap between his true strength and that of a Saint.
The entire Sacred Hall was an iron plate. These Saints were now begging him only because they were jealous of the chaos treasures he had refined.
If the time was right, the Weapon Refining Union and the Sacred Hall would join forces to force him to hand over the method to refine chaos treasures. It seemed that he had no other choice. Now, it seemed that this trend had already appeared. Although these fellows were full of rules and benevolence and morality, they would do anything for their own interests.
In the Divine Dominion, the only force that dared to resist the Sacred Hall — other than those fellows hiding in the Forbidden God Land — was probably Luo Xiao, the only Saint.
Although the Craftsman Saint was famous, his foundation was actually not solid. This was because there were only a few people at the top of the Divine Dominion.
Moreover, the two Great Saints, Luo Xiao and Gu Bei, had previously helped the Craftsman Saint …

Chapter 1556
The Craftsman Saint held the Origin of Divinity. He closed his single eye and entered a state of meditation.
There were too many hypotheses and guesses regarding the Quintessence.
In fact, no one had managed to uncover its true mysteries. The most common use of this thing was that it could transform into all kinds of shapes …
In the past, there was a Saint who obtained a Quintessence. It was the largest Quintessence, about the height of a person. That Saint then transformed the Quintessence into an incomparably sturdy spear. Although the spear had the hardness of a Quintessence, that was the only advantage it had.
This wasn't the only advantage that all the treasures in the God Domain had. Therefore, even though the Divine Spark Quintessence was a priceless treasure in the eyes of the Saints, it was actually rather useless. No one had grasped the correct way to use it.
Under the Craftsman Saint's meditation, the surface of the Quintessence suddenly began to fluctuate.
The crystal in the Craftsman Saint's hand continuously twisted, as if he was holding a continuously changing water droplet.
In fact, the Craftsman Saint had his own ideas regarding this Quintessence. He wanted to use it to create a defensive treasure that could transform into any shape …
"Fuse this thing with your body and it can transform into clothes or armor at will." After saying that, the Craftsman Saint threw the Quintessence at Luo Zheng!
The Quintessence was like a transparent water droplet as it splashed onto Luo Zheng's body!
Then, the transparent "water" flowed along Luo Zheng's body and evenly spread over the surface of Luo Zheng's body. It seeped into Luo Zheng's skin and turned into a transparent film that wrapped around Luo Zheng.
"This should be enough." The Craftsman Saint smiled and turned to look at a corner of the cave. "We can officially begin …"
Saint Jiu, who was not far away, nodded. Now was the most crucial step, and it was also the most painful step. They had to thoroughly smelt Luo Zheng!
The door in the cave suddenly opened. The Craftsman Saint grabbed Luo Zheng and disappeared through the door.
…
…
In the Great Evolution Universe …
After the negotiations with the Demi-Immortal Clan fell apart, the Sacred Race retreated and returned to the three great worlds at the edge of the Great Evolution Universe, where the destroyed Tang Chen Clan had once resided.
Even so, the people in the universe were still in a state of panic.
Perhaps many of the lower lifeforms in the universe were unaware of the Sacred Race's goal, but the Sacred Race was ultimately from another universe. They viewed each other as different races and were ultimately a great threat.
For nearly a year, the Sacred Race did not expand outside and only defended the Three Realms......
However, these three Great Worlds often emitted strong energy fluctuations, sometimes even causing space to shake violently. The cultivators of Wind Piercing Realm, which was the closest to these three Great Worlds, could often feel these intense vibrations …
Currently, the Wind Splitting Realm was heavily guarded by soldiers.
Under the leadership of the Demi-Immortals, Gods Thoughtless, the Human Dao Alliance, and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region each sent a group of elites to guard the portal.
.....
..... of the space........
The Great Realm Passageways in the universe were connected to each other. These Great Realm Passageways were usually constructed by the various Great Realm Lords.
After the Tang Chen Clan's three great worlds were occupied by the Sacred Race, someone had suggested that the passages be blown up.
After all, the Windbreaker Realm's passage was the only one connected to the three great worlds...
. but the several Empyreans rejected the suggestion.
The passage could only cause trouble for cultivators below the Realm Lord realm. Blowing it up was meaningless and might even anger the Sacred Race.
What the universe lacked now was time.
Although the Demi-Immortal Clan had released the news that the ten Dao Children had been sent out, the many races and factions in the universe were still uncertain.
A cultivator's cultivation time was relatively short in terms of a hundred years. At the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation, one could easily cultivate for tens of thousands of years. Seclusion could often last for as long as a thousand years!
Now that the Sacred Race had attacked, what was the point of sending out the ten Dao Children?
Did they expect them to cultivate for two or three years and then come back?
In truth, it wasn't just the various races of the universe that lacked confidence. Even Old Man Feng himself lacked confidence.
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Xuanyuan Chenfeng...
Although these people had outstanding talents and were super geniuses born after the planning of the Lord of the Universe, they had unique talents and foundations. However, their cultivations were still too low.
The Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement might be the best place to cultivate, but wanting to mature these Dao Children in a short period of time wasn't realistic!
If they were given a hundred years, the situation would be much better.
But who knew that just as the ten Dao Children were selected, before they could even get on the right track, the crisis of the ancient sorcerer race erupted in the universe. Just as the crisis of the ancient sorcerer race was resolved, the Sacred Race broke through the Wall of Sighs and attacked …
The universe's lifespan was calculated in the hundreds of millions of years, but so many troubles had erupted in just one or two years. In such a short period of time, crises kept erupting. It could only be said that their luck was extremely bad!
However, Old Man Feng wasn't aware of Luo Xiao's arrangements. At this moment, Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Hua Tianming, Xi Youqin, Luo Xi Xuan, and the others were all undergoing astonishing transformations.
Rumble!
Another loud explosion rang out.
Above the great realm passageway of the Windbreaker Realm, numerous exquisite blue sailboats were floating in space!
Following that loud explosion, a blazing white Space Law spiraled up the passageway. In the blink of an eye, it struck the mast of one of the blue sailboats. These boats were spatial treasures created by the Human Dao Alliance to guard this great realm passageway.
Kacha!
The mast of one of the blue sailboats snapped in half!
Many human martial artists appeared on the deck of the large boat.
"They're becoming more and more excessive. I have no idea what those fellows are doing!" A human martial artist angrily said.
The martial artists stationed here were almost all at the Divine Transformation realm and Divine Transformation realm. There were even three World Lords among them.
In truth, these martial artists were well aware that no one expected them to be able to resist the saints. Allowing them to stay here was only a deterrent to prevent the saints from spreading outwards without any resistance.
Moreover, staying here was an extremely dangerous matter. This was because if the saints were determined to invade the universe on a large scale, then they would be nothing more than small shrimps that would be swallowed up by the giant fish that was the saints.
"Hah, no matter what they're doing, we'll just pretend we didn't see anything. As long as we don't provoke them, it's fine." A martial artist helplessly said. "It's clear that the saints are the strong ones. If we accidentally provoke them, they can just casually find a reason and the entire universe will be in danger!"
"Accidentally provoke the saints? A coward like you doesn't understand anything. If the saints want to start a war, why can't they find a reason to do so? Moreover … do they even need a reason? "Another martial artist coldly said.
"That's right, the saints don't need a reason!" Another martial artist immediately agreed.
As these several martial artists were discussing this matter on the deck, they also looked towards the depths of the world crossing channel. However, it was difficult to estimate the length of this world crossing channel and they had no idea where that bolt of lightning had come from.
As they looked around, they discovered that the surrounding space began to violently fluctuate once more!
"Look, what is that!?" A martial artist loudly shouted out as he pointed forwards.
In front of everyone's eyes, the distant world crossing channel was constantly disintegrating. Moreover, the speed at which it was disintegrating was astonishing. It was rapidly spreading towards the blue sailboats that were stationed here!
These world crossing channels were extremely stable spaces. Normally, several World Lords of a great world would take turns to maintain them.
Moreover, each time they were maintained, they would often last for several hundred years or even a thousand years … thus it was nearly impossible for them to collapse on their own!
"Quick, alarm!" Someone shouted out.
Dong Dong Dong Dong …
The drum on the green treasure ship began to sound rapidly. When everyone climbed onto the deck, what appeared before them was a huge mouth full of fangs. The fangs almost covered the entire great realm passageway, and just like that, it chomped down along the great realm passageway!
"It's the World Swallowing Beast!" A World Lord stood on the bow of the ship, staring at the giant mouth with sharp teeth as he spoke.

Chapter 1558
These strange birds circled around in the sky, not knowing what fatigue was.
Every one of these strange birds had a wingspan of several million miles. Every time they flapped their wings, they could create a world-destroying storm. Occasionally, they would let out strange screeches, like the wails of ghosts and howls of wolves.
These strange birds were called the Ancestor Birds.
The Ancestor Birds started flying when they were young and never stopped. They circled in the sky for millions of years before falling. When they fell, it was the end of their lifespan. That was why there was a saying that they only flew once in their lives.
In millions of years, countless creatures were born on the backs of these birds, forming a large world. When the Ancestor Birds fell, the countless creatures in the large world were also destroyed.
Below these unimaginably large birds, there was an even larger mountain!
Compared to this mountain, the Ancestor Birds were very small.
At the top of the mountain, a young girl was sitting on a rock looking up at the sky. She seemed to have noticed something and suddenly stood up.
"It's falling …"
She saw an Archaeopteryx descending.
"Uncle Qi said that these Ancestor Birds almost never fall. If they fall, it means that the bird is going to die …" The young girl stared at the strange bird in the sky. The shadow kept growing bigger in her eyes.
An Ancestor Bird needed millions of years to fall from the sky. If it fell, it meant the destruction of a world.
Ever since she came to this mountain, the shadows of those strange birds had been hovering in the deep sky above her head. They didn't know fatigue and didn't stop … Although Qi Leng told her that these birds were very, very big, so big that she couldn't imagine it, but in her eyes, these birds were no different from ordinary eagles!
But as the bird fell, the young girl understood what Qi Leng meant. This bird was really, really big … as big as a world!
The shadow of the strange grey bird kept growing bigger and bigger until it filled the young girl's eyes. It was like Mount Tai was pressing down on her. Above her head, she could only see a patch of grey. This wasn't a bird, but a world that was pressing down on her.
From her angle, the young girl could even see some of the creatures on the Ancestor Bird's body.
Such a large bird, even if it fell, it would be a long process. The young girl's face didn't show any signs of panic.
On the contrary, her expression was very focused as she looked at the world on the Ancestor Bird's body …
"There are also signs of human reproduction on these birds. Some people are worrying about their next meal, some people have just overthrown a dynasty and proclaimed themselves king, and some people have just fallen in love and are looking forward to beautiful days … But they don't know that in a few hours, the things that they have worked hard for their entire lives, and even their beliefs, will all turn to nothing," the girl murmured.
"This is the level of life." A young man quietly appeared beside the young girl................. life...... Life............... and their lives..................... of their level...........................
The young girl shook her head. "That's too unfair …"
............................... they they................................................
It was a pitiful thing to fall along with the fall of its master.
The young man smiled. "But you forgot the problem of time. The life of an ant is very short. The average lifespan is only half a month. But for an ant, this half a month is a lifetime of birth, old age, sickness, and death."
"It's still not fair." The young girl stood up. She was very stubborn about her conclusion.
"So the warriors in the universe can break free from this limit through their own efforts. After they understand the Divine Dao, they can raise their level of life and become a life form of the same level." The young man said.
"The bridge … is too narrow." The young girl said.
How many life forms in the universe could surpass the limits of the Heavenly Dao and enter the divine realm?
Among the billions of life forms, there were only a few people …
In the end, the young man could only smile helplessly and admit the young girl's point of view. "This world is not fair. If there really are those 'life forms of a higher level', then in the eyes of those 'life forms of a higher level', we are also small and sad existences. How many people can leave the divine realm and explore the chaos?"
The young girl pursed her lips and nodded …
"Let's go. The sound of that big bird crashing down is still very loud." The young man grabbed the young girl and left.
Unexpectedly, the young girl shook her head and said, "Uncle Qi, let's move this strange bird. Let it fall down the mountain."
The height of this mountain was difficult to describe. If someone were to free-fall from the mountain, they would still be a young man on the mountain. By the time they fell down the mountain, they would most likely be a white-haired old man …
If this strange bird fell down the mountain, it could buy the countless life forms on the bird dozens of years to live.
Qi Leng shook his head helplessly. He could only comply with the young girl's request.
He suddenly waved his hand and an invisible force cut through the sky. He wanted to move a bird larger than the boundless world …
But to him, this was not difficult. It was just a matter of lifting his hand.
The big bird above their heads changed direction under the force of the force. It started to fall to the other side. This way, it could ensure that this Progenitor Bird would not fall on the mountain …
The young girl looked at the Progenitor Bird that was flying diagonally. Her face revealed a gratified smile. She had at least helped the life forms of a world to buy dozens of years. Although dozens of years later, this world would still fall.
Seeing the smile on the young girl's face, Qi Leng's face revealed a trace of hesitation.
The arrival of this little girl was like a fairy. She was deeply loved by this group of people.
He could feel her melancholy and worry, but she always carefully hid those emotions. She tried her best not to reveal them in front of everyone.
After thinking about it, Qi Leng still said, "The Great Extreme Universe has started to corrode the Great Evolution Universe."
Hearing this, the young girl's body slightly trembled. She stared at Qi Leng and asked, "Where's brother?"
"He's already entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement," Qi Leng replied.
The young girl wanted to say something, but in the end, she held back …
Actually, she wanted to ask why Qi Leng did not directly bring Luo Zheng to the mountain and directly pull Luo Zheng into the Realm of the Gods. But at this moment, she thought of her father's situation …
If the Great Extreme Universe completely corroded the Great Evolution Universe, then her father's situation would be dangerous. He would really fall.
Only her brother could save her father. So her brother could not leave the universe!
Unfortunately, from the beginning to the end, Luo Yan was like a spectator. She could not help at all. She could only watch as her brother continuously struggled. Then, Qi Leng brought him to the mountain and told her everything.
Little did she know, she would rather not know anything …
"Whoosh whoosh …"
The huge Progenitor Bird had already slowly swept past the mountain peak. When its huge body fell, it still pushed away the air, creating a strong wind that blew towards them …
Under this strong wind, there was an extremely strong storm. And within that storm, there were countless wind blades.
"It's a bit cold," Luo Yan said indifferently. Some wind blades flew towards Luo Yan.
These wind blades were light gold. The power of the wind element law had already reached the seventh level. Moreover, the law here was not the universe, but the Realm of the Gods. So, it was a perfect law. It was enough to threaten a martial artist at the Third Transformation Stage.
She stretched out her finger and casually fiddled with it. Specks of purple light flickered and those wind blades stopped at her fingertips. Then, they quickly reverted from wind blades to gentle wind. The wind element law within them constantly collapsed, turning into true essence and slowly dissipating in this place …
Qi Leng took out an emerald green cloak and placed it on her shoulder.
Luo Yan quickly walked forward. Her legs were straight as she walked towards the other side of the mountain peak. Her beautiful face was especially cold, but the melancholy in her eyes had completely disappeared. She faintly revealed a swift and decisive expression.

Chapter 1559
Purple Deviant Fire raged at the cave entrance, as if an evil dragon was hiding in the depths of the cave, constantly spitting out dragon's breath.
The Mountaincrumbling Clan, Sky Dome Clan, and Yuanhe Clan had already gathered at the cave entrance, waiting for a long time.
The temperature here was abnormally hot, and a basin of water would evaporate in a few breaths of time.
Although this temperature wasn't much of a threat to the many cultivators present, it still made them extremely anxious …
They were still thinking about that door.
"It wasn't easy to bring that brat Luo Zheng here, but it ended up like this!" Lei Toad said angrily.
Gong Yu gloomily stared at the purple Deviant Fire, his heart filled with unwillingness and anger. Moreover, this development was simply too strange, and he felt like he had been played for a fool!
On the other hand, Jin Yue of the Yuanhe Clan was calm. All the members of the Yuanhe Clan were sitting cross-legged on the hot rocks, silently cultivating their hearts. For them, any setback was an opportunity to cultivate.
As for Han Liusu, she didn't have any better ideas. She also didn't understand what had happened to Luo Zheng …
"You can't really be refined by the Craftsman Saint. I'm still counting on you to bring me to the Soul Suppressing Cliff. That's our agreement," Han Liusu thought to herself as she curled her lips.
"Big Sis, it's so hot …" Han Chuyue complained.
Her cultivation was the lowest here, and she didn't have the ability to withstand heat like the others. After a long time, her frail body couldn't withstand the heat.
Han Liusu glanced at He Zuowei, and He Zuowei quickly took out a thin hairpin. This hairpin was azure in color, and its design was simple. Although it didn't look like much, it was still a decent treasure in the Realm of the Gods.
Han Liusu put on the hairpin for Han Chuyue, and a slight chill enveloped her, protecting her.
Some of the Realm of the Gods cultivators recognized the hairpin's origin. Aside from envy, they could only sigh at the Han Clan's wealth. They had all sorts of treasures.
"No!"
Gong Yu suddenly stood up, the True Essence in his body surging, immediately disturbing the surrounding airflow. Heatwaves constantly swirled around him, making his entire body look hazy. "Waiting like this isn't a solution, I'll take a look at the situation in the cave!"
Although none of the three clans had the ability to enter the cave, Gong Yu had mastered the secret technique of the "Eye of Nothingness", so he could peek inside …
He suddenly stretched out his hands and dense true essence turned into a small vortex. The vortex was like a black hole that constantly sucked in the surrounding true essence. As the true essence condensed, the vortex bloomed with blazing white space laws!
The Eye Transformation Technique was not difficult for martial artists. For example, the Blue Cloud Sect of the Eastern Region had once created a "letter tablet", which was created by fusing an array with True Essence.
However, the Purple Heavenly Flame was so fierce that ordinary methods couldn't enter it at all. Only the Eye of Nothingness could barely enter!
After a short while, a strange eye condensed in Gong Yu's hand. The eye floated in the air, looking faintly discernible, but in reality, it was constantly shuttling back and forth in space to create such a scene!
"Crackle!"
A blazing white space law turned into a bolt of lightning and entered one of Gong Yu's eyes. The Eye of Nothingness was connected to Gong Yu's left eye. The scene he saw in his left eye was the scene transmitted back by the Eye of Nothingness.
"Go!"
With a thought, the Eye of Nothingness burrowed into the rock stratum to the side.
The Eye of Nothingness could only last eight to nine breaths of time in the Purple Heavenly Flame. Naturally, he wouldn't foolishly enter the cave through the opening. After passing through the rock stratum, what Gong Yu saw was endless purple flames!
This scene was exactly the same as what Gong Yu saw last time.
In just a breath's time, cracks began to appear on the surface of the Eye of Nothingness under the burning of the purple Deviant Fire.
"Door!"
With his previous experience, Gong Yu instantly saw the door in the depths of the cave!
At the same time, Gong Yu's other eye suddenly widened as if he had seen something unbelievable.
Lei Toad and the others stared at Gong Yu. Seeing his expression, Lei Toad asked, "Gong Yu, what did you see?"
"The door, the door is open …" Gong Yu said loudly.
"What's behind the door!" Even Jin Yue, who took it for granted, jumped up and asked with concern.
The six great races all knew that there was a door here. They all hoped to leave the Forbidden Land of God Refinement through this door. Now that such a crucial door had been opened, they were naturally very concerned.
"Fire, flames …" Gong Yu was stunned.
Everyone was stunned. Wasn't this nonsense?
The purple Heavenly Flame was constantly spewing out from the entrance of the cave. Naturally, the cave was filled with purple Heavenly Flame. It was just a bit of Heavenly Flame. What was there to be surprised about?
"Those aren't ordinary flames!"
In the vision of Gong Yu's left eye, he saw bits of black flames. They were like demons swarming out …
These purple Heavenly Flames were already fierce enough. But in front of these black flames, they were like subjects in front of their monarch. All the purple Heavenly Flames seemed to have gained intelligence. They all avoided the door and the black flames that surged out from behind the door.
"Can you see what's behind the door?" Lei Toad continued to ask.
Gong Yu shook his head. He tried his best to see what was behind the black flames. However, the black flames seemed to be able to swallow all light. They completely covered the door, making it impossible to see clearly.
But soon, Gong Yu's expression suddenly froze. Then, a strange expression appeared on his face.
"What did you see?" someone asked.
"… Two people," Gong Yu answered honestly.
"Luo Zheng and that one-eyed man?"
Gong Yu shook his head …
He saw Hua Tianming and Jiu Sheng.
In his eyes, he saw Jiu Sheng slowly walking over from the purple Heavenly Flames. He reached out his hand and gently plucked his Eye of Nothingness. Then, his left eye turned pitch-black. He couldn't see anything …
"Bang!"
The blazing white lightning bolt connected to Gong Yu's left eye suddenly snapped, producing a crisp sound.
"If it's not them, then who is it?" Lei Toad was also anxious. At the same time, he asked, "Why is it shorter than last time?"
Last time, when Gong Yu released the Eye of Nothingness, it lasted for nine breaths of time. This time, Gong Yu came prepared. It shouldn't be shorter than last time.
"I don't know. It's two strangers. One of them crushed my Eye of Nothingness." Gong Yu's face was also filled with anger.
Their journey into the inner world this time could be considered smooth sailing. Who would have thought that strange things would happen again and again when they reached their destination? Where did these strange fellows come from? Why were none of them afraid of the purple Heavenly Flames?
Inside the cave …
A small eyeball appeared in Jiu Sheng's hand. He sighed and said, "They thought that this door would allow them to transcend the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. However, they didn't know that this door was only a crafting furnace prepared for Luo Zheng. In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they have no worries. Why do they have to transcend?"
Hua Tianming silently looked at the eye and said softly, "These people … Are they the people Jiu Sheng created?"
Jiu Sheng nodded, "Most of them are. After I created them, they never stopped."
Hua Tianming smiled faintly, "Jiu Sheng's actions are wrong."
"Why do you say so?" Jiu Sheng stared at Hua Tianming and asked.
"Although I have never been to the Divine Realm, regardless of whether it is the Divine Realm or the universe, under the constant evolution of living beings, their greatest motivation is to pursue a higher level. Even the current Jiu Sheng cannot avoid this, right?" Hua Tianming asked.
Jiu Sheng's gaze revealed a trace of surprise. Hua Tianming's words were irrefutable.
"This is the meaning of life," Hua Tianming said as he stared at the eyeball in Jiu Sheng's hand.
"This meaning is not great." With Jiu Sheng's wisdom, he clearly did not need Hua Tianming to teach him this simple and easy to understand principle. He glanced at Hua Tianming indifferently.
"The meaning of a beggar starving to death and obtaining a bun is perhaps greater than the meaning of a True God becoming a Saint." Hua Tianming did not care about Jiu Sheng's gaze at all. A confident and calm smile appeared on his face.
Hearing this, Jiu Sheng's fingers, which were holding the Eye of Nothingness, suddenly stiffened. He was somewhat speechless.
Entering the Saint Realm and establishing the universe meant that there was nothing one did not know about the vast world. However, he could not refute Hua Tianming's words.

Chapter 1561
"The 3,000 Great Daos can all condense a divine spark. It's just that the Forbidden Land of God Refinement does not have many Heavenly Dao Laws, so it's difficult for you to become a True Divinity. In truth, with your strength, condensing a divine spark is relatively easy for others …"
For example, Lei Toad, Gong Yu, and some other elites of their clans had strength that far surpassed a World Lord and were comparable to an Empyrean. But in terms of cultivation, they did not have the Mandate of Heaven to bear, nor did they condense a divine spark. In truth, their strength was still at the level of a World Lord.
However, they were World Lords that could display a certain ability to the extreme.
They were much stronger than those peak World Lords and did not lose to Empyreans at all.
If they cultivated a Divine Dao that suited them, it would be much easier for them to break through …
"You only have one chance. Whether or not you succeed will depend on your own perception and strength," Saint Jiu lightly said.
The eyes of the natives of the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement were shining brightly at this moment. They were completely focused on Saint Jiu, afraid that they would miss a single detail or mishear a single word. This was probably their only chance, and also their last chance.
"The Mountain Shattering Clan primarily cultivates strength. There aren't many martial artists in the Divine Realm that cultivate the Strength Divine Dao, but a True Divinity that cultivates the Strength Divine Dao cannot be underestimated. Their control of strength has reached perfection and they can use their fists to shatter everything …"
Saint Jiu suddenly took a step forward. From his feet, an invisible strength surged out!
Saint Jiu's body was naturally not as tall and sturdy as the Mountain Shattering Clan members, but size was never the standard to measure strength!
In the eyes of everyone present, Saint Jiu seemed to have become the embodiment of strength. Every move he made could shatter the void!
In truth, he didn't use much strength. It wasn't even a tenth of what Lei Toad and the others used. But no one could deny that the destruction caused by this little bit of strength was a hundred times greater than what Lei Toad and the others used at full strength!
Seeing Saint Jiu slowly walk over to Lei Toad, the invisible strength continued to revolve around him until it turned into a small crystal.
This crystal shined with a rainbow color and looked exactly the same as the source of strength.
"Mas, Master … this is only the source of strength." Lei Toad didn't know how to address Saint Jiu, so he simply called him that.
Saint Jiu coldly smiled. "The Divine Dao is the most casual. You haven't formed a Dao Foundation or nine stars, but you've absorbed a lot of my source of strength. you can completely cultivate the Strength Divine Dao!"
With that, he pointed his finger slightly, and that little bit of energy turned into little bits of colorful light that surged into the minds of all the members of the Mountain Crushing Clan present …
In their minds, a colorful palace of power appeared!
In the Realm of the Gods, the vast majority of body transformation martial artists mainly cultivated the strength path. Moreover, most of them focused on forging the eighth level of the Dao Foundation and condensing the ninth star of the Divine Pedestal. But, this didn't mean that one had to walk this path in body transformation. The method that Saint Jiu had passed on was to forge the strength path. When combined with the Mountain Collapsing Clan's strength source, the chances of one becoming a True Divinity were not small!
The members of the Collapsing Mountain Clan instantly bowed and expressed their gratitude, their expressions extremely sincere.
Gong Yu and Jin Yue looked at Sage Jiu anxiously …
This was especially true for the people of the Yuan He Clan. Although their hearts were stable, they were unable to remain calm when faced with such a situation!
This time, Sage Jiu was a good person and gave them advice one by one …
Actually, compared to other universes that were sealed by the Heavenly Dao, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was an open world.
Just like the shackles of the Great and Great Expanse Lotus Flower. Only those that had opened the Great and Great Expanse Lotus Flower had the qualifications to comprehend the Divine Dao and become a Dao Child. To a martial artist, this was a kind of shackle!
In the past, Luo Zheng had not opened the Great Expanse Lotus Flower and was unable to break free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao, thus he was unable to become a true Dao Child.
As for the natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they did not have the shackles of the Heavenly Dao. Thus, in theory, they were all Dao Children and had the qualifications to cultivate the Divine Dao. But, without this shackle, they had lost the ability to comprehend the Divine Dao!
Only under Sage Jiu's personal guidance would they be able to catch a glimpse of the supernatural powers of the Divine Dao. From this point, it could be seen that the shackles of the Heavenly Dao were also a kind of motivation for martial artists. Once they broke free from these shackles, they would naturally be able to comprehend the Divine Dao.
Facing the grace of their Lord, every native of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was filled with gratitude.
"Thank you, Lord. If we can really cultivate to become True Gods, we will do our best until we die!" Gong Yu expressed his gratitude excitedly.
Saint Jiu, on the other hand, remained calm. Every rock and every living being in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was created by him, so this gratitude did not mean much to him. "I'm doing this purely for the sake of the young man beside me. Soon, he will also be heading to your Holy Land to cultivate. If you want to thank someone, thank him."
As his voice fell, whether it was Thunder Toad, Gong Yu, or Jin Yue, all of them were filled with deep veneration.
Thunder Toad immediately said in a clear voice, "My Mountain Crushing Clan is always open to you!"
"You seem to focus on cultivation. The Sky Dome Clan will definitely be a Sacred Land that you must enter. As the leader of the Sky Dome Clan, I will respectfully await your arrival in the clan …"
"…"
Their words came from the bottom of their hearts and were not fake in the slightest.
Hua Tianming only nodded slightly. He would not skimp on the path that he should take. However, for now, he would still take it one step at a time. At the very least, he had not completely comprehended the nomological laws in Extinguishing Wind Valley. Heading to the Sky Dome Clan could only be the next step.
The martial artists of the three clans were satisfied. At least, the things they obtained this time far exceeded their expectations.
"You may leave." Sage Jiu immediately ordered them to leave.
Thunder Toad, Gong Yu, and the others did not linger at all. They immediately led their clansmen and quickly left, leaving behind a group of martial artists from other clans and the Realm of the Gods.
These people's six senses had been sealed by Sage Jiu. They stood in place, unable to move at all …
"How should we deal with these people?" Hua Tianming asked.
"Don't worry about them." Sage Jiu glanced indifferently at the Realm of the Gods martial artists. Then, he entered the cave with his hands behind his back.
… …
… …
Behind the door was a world of nothingness.
The Divine Flame Cauldron had already been separated from Luo Zheng's body …
The nine True Dragons' soul essences constantly circled around the Divine Flame Cauldron. Luo Zheng seemed to have lost consciousness. His hands hung down and he floated motionlessly in the void.
Within the massive Divine Flame Cauldron, black flames slowly rose. These black flames seemed capable of swallowing everything.
Even the Craftsman Saint could not casually expose his body to the black flames. There was a bright yellow light on his body that completely protected him.
"Nine True Dragon Soul Essences … you were all contracted beasts of Luo Xiao in the past," the Craftsman Saint said indifferently as he gazed at the nine True Dragon Soul Essences. "Luo Xiao was known as the Holy Emperor of All Beasts in the Realm of the Gods. Among the many Saints, he should have contracted the most beasts, especially True Dragons. He had a total of forty-nine True Dragons … Do you want to restore your bodies, or do you want to offer your soul essences to Luo Zheng?"
Luo Xiao liked to raise contracted beasts, especially dragons. When he created the universe, he also created a separate True Dragon World on one side of the Great Evolution Universe. This True Dragon World could be considered Luo Xiao's Spirit Beast Field!
In the Craftsman Saint's opinion, the nine True Dragon Soul Essences were decent materials. If he refined them and gave them to Luo Zheng, they would be of help.
"We … refuse," the five-clawed golden dragon suddenly said.
The Craftsman Saint was interested in the nine True Dragons. "Luo Xiao is your master. Why don't you want to offer your souls to him?"
"There's a problem in our True Dragon World. They've instigated a rebellion among our clansmen. We can't offer ourselves up just yet …" the five-clawed golden dragon replied.
Dismembering a universe created by a Saint wasn't an easy task.
This was because the universe itself could sense danger and plan a counterattack. Even if the Sacred Race had the upper hand, it wouldn't be easy to conquer the Great Evolution Universe. This was because the Great Evolution Universe's consciousness would create a very unfavorable environment for the invaders …
It was like an army invading a country. Everything in the country, including the land, vegetation, and rivers, would launch a silent counterattack.
Therefore, the Sacred Race had prepared a foolproof plan for this invasion.
Aside from the Ancient Shamans, the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race were also problematic. Therefore, the Demi-Immortals didn't really believe in those two races. As for the True Dragon World, they'd already begun to act. They'd already thought of a way to instigate forty True Dragons to defect, and nine of them had lost their physical bodies!
It wasn't that the True Dragons didn't want to help Luo Zheng, but they still had a great grudge to settle in the True Dragon World.

Chapter 1563
The black Godly flames were like little snakes. They slithered into Luo Zheng's body bit by bit, before being spat out by Luo Zheng.
It was said that chaos first transformed into Yin and Yang, and then Yin and Yang transformed into all things!
This Great Yin Yang Transference Fire Formation was derived from the Great Yin Yang Art. The Great Yin Yang Art itself was incredibly powerful, and using it to refine treasures was much easier …
However, many True Gods in the Realm of the Gods used the Great Yin Yang Art in a straight line.
This was because True Essence and chaos had very similar characteristics. If chaos was described as "equal energy," then True Essence was actually a type of "secondary energy."
With the Great Yin Yang Art in a straight line, True Essence replaced chaos and transformed into the Eight Trigrams. When the Eight Trigrams came crashing down, it could destroy the heavens and earth. It was extremely domineering.
However, the Craftsman Saint's Great Yin Yang Transference Fire Formation was in a straight line …
This was actually one of the keys to refining Absolute Chaos Treasures.
In a straight line, True Essence would transform chaos into Yin and Yang, not True Essence …
If the Craftsman Saint were to refine a Chaos Supreme Treasure himself, he would naturally need to prepare his own Chaos Qi. However, there was no need for him to 'refine' Luo Zheng this time. After all, Luo Zheng's dantian had an endless supply of Chaos Qi …
While the Great Yin Yang Transference Fire Formation was operating, the world within Luo Zheng's body was constantly evolving!
The concept of time became extremely subtle for Luo Zheng.
After he fell into a deep slumber, his body grew older by the day.
The lifespan of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist was tens of thousands of years, while that of a Paramount God Realm martial artist was hundreds of thousands to millions of years old. Eighty thousand years wasn't enough for Luo Zheng to age excessively and enter Immortal Decay …
As for Xun, after accompanying Luo Zheng for a long time, she entered a very focused state as well.
A thin, long needle floated within her soul. It was a needle that was embedded deep within her soul. Its surface was engraved with extremely mysterious patterns. The craftsmanship behind it was at least impossible to refine in a secondary universe like Huan Yu. It was an extremely profound refinement method.
Every King of the Night Demon Clan who was sealed would hold a rather mysterious ceremony when they ascended to the throne.
This ceremony was the highest level of secrecy in the Fiend Night Clan. Apart from very few people in the Fiend Night Clan, no one else knew about it …
This ceremony had been passed down from the ancient Fiend Night Clan. As for the purpose of this ceremony, back then, Xun didn't know.
It wasn't just Xun; Yao and Qing Yu didn't know either.
But after the end of the Dream Battlefield, the long needle that had been inserted into the soul began to move. The long needle had two parts, one to the left and the other to the right. At the same time, it released a little bit of information.
Xun Xun by Xun Xun by Xun, she couldn't even resist it.
Xun by Xun's by Xun. by Xun by Xun! by Xun by Xun by Xby Xun 'by by Xun.
Xun '''s by Xun's
Xxun by's by Xun 'by by Of' 'by Xue by''s by by 'by by God by Xun..
However, this instinctive disgust and the feeling of seeing Luo Zheng as her natural enemy constantly affected Xun, and she couldn't ignore it at all.
However, rationally speaking, Xun's feelings for Luo Zheng had gradually deepened. Under the intertwining of these two conflicting feelings, Xun's temper had become rather irritable. In order to suppress this feeling, she had even made herself fall into a deep sleep.
As more and more information was released by Xun's needle, she understood more and more!
Later, Xun discovered that she didn't only hate Luo Zheng, but also all humans …
The needle in her soul was a method of inheritance, just like the Demi-Immortal Blood Transformation that Luo Zheng had absorbed.
Of course, the Demi-Immortal Blood Transfusion only contained important information within the golden blood. At the same time, it gave the owner of the blood some sort of hidden ability. The Demonnight Clan's ceremony, on the other hand, involved inserting some sort of legacy into the soul.
This method was even more tyrannical because not only did Xun obtain an ability, but she was also affected by Xun's needle. Even her thoughts were changed by the needle!
She felt like she was a mouse and a snake in nature. From the moment she was born, they were each other's natural enemies. This inheritance that came from the soul was simply impossible to resist …
After realizing this, Xun became even more silent when facing Luo Zheng!
She didn't want to leave Luo Zheng's body, and she didn't want to become enemies with Luo Zheng. Thus, she curled up and made herself fall into a deep sleep … At the same time, she was also quite frightened because she didn't know what would happen to her under the influence of the needle.
In fact, with her intelligence, she faintly understood that the Fiend Night Clan and the human race had different standpoints. The existence of this needle was enough to explain everything.
The Ancient Sorcerer Clan wasn't the only spy in the Great Evolution Universe. The Fiend Night Clan might be another one, and even the Devil Race might be one … Moreover, the Demi-Immortal Clan seemed to be on guard. When they gathered the Celestial Venerables to fight against the Devil Race, they intentionally isolated the Fiend Night Clan and the Devil Race.
This needle that had pierced into the depths of Xun's soul had become her nightmare. She didn't even dare to confide in Luo Zheng about this matter. She could only let herself fall into a deep sleep, an endless deep sleep …
This time, after Luo Zheng entered the door to train, Xun woke up again.
This time, the needle began to spin once more, and the information that emerged from it gave Xun a comprehensive understanding of the situation.
Why did the Great Evolution Universe fall apart? The Saints had secretly created the Fiend Night Clan and used some special method to place them in the Great Evolution Universe. This was a foreshadowing that had been buried for more than three billion years!
However, for the sake of caution, they didn't dare to openly use the Golden Bloodline like the Demi-Immortal Clan had done. Instead, they used the method of "Soul-Sealing Needle" to pass on their inheritance.
The Bloodline Inheritance could only hide important information within the blood, but it couldn't change the thoughts of the person receiving the blood.
When the time was right, the blood would awaken, allowing Luo Zheng to understand the information hidden within the blood. However, if he didn't want to do it, the blood wouldn't be able to force Luo Zheng to do it. The choice was still in Luo Zheng's hands, and the same went for the other Demi-Immortals.
The Soul-Sealing Needle, on the other hand, could directly control the person receiving the needle.
Comparatively speaking, the Soul-Sealing Needle was much more difficult to create, and it could only affect a limited number of people. It couldn't be used on a large scale like the Demi-Immortals.
As a result, the Fiend Night Clan had a unique social structure.
From the Celestial Exalts to the commoners, everyone in the Fiend Night Clan believed in their supreme Kings. With the three Kings as the core, everyone in the Fiend Night Clan had to listen to their orders!
This way, all they needed to do was plant the Soul-Sealing Needles in the three succeeding Kings. The three Kings themselves didn't know what their true destinies were, but when the time was right, the Soul-Sealing Needles would be activated. After the three Kings were affected, they would be able to control the entire Yao Night Clan.
In order to destroy an entire universe, they had created an entire clan and used such methods and schemes. Was it really so troublesome to kill a Saint?
"I … will destroy this needle!"
Previously, Xun had already had this idea, and she had tried to pull the needle out.
However, the Soul-Sealing Needle had penetrated deep into Xun's soul. It had even fused with her soul, making it impossible to pull it out. Because of this, if the Soul-Sealing Needle wanted to completely control Xun's thoughts, she wouldn't be able to resist.
Since she couldn't pull it out, she would destroy it.
That perfect face revealed an unparalleled resolute expression ….
She had plenty of time. 80,000 years was more than enough to destroy this Soul-Sealing Needle. The rest would require a great deal of willpower.
Xun's soul had been damaged once before. At that time, she had only possessed a wisp of her soul. Since she had been able to recover it last time, she would be able to recover it this time.
Her soul had originally been hidden within Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit. It would be very easy to separate the two.
However, the difficulty of destroying the Soul-Sealing Needle was far beyond Xun's imagination.
Last time, Xun's soul had been destroyed, but her memories hadn't been affected. The Soul-Sealing Needle had been injected into the depths of her soul and was tightly connected to her memories.
As Xun endured the pain of her soul being destroyed and destroyed the Soul-Sealing Needle, her memories rapidly declined ….
The speed of this decline was astonishing. Towards the end, Xun couldn't even remember why she was torturing herself like this. There was only one obsession left in her soul, and that was to completely destroy the Soul-Sealing Needle ….
While Xun's soul was damaged, Xun's statue in the Great Expansion Realm changed once more. The light within it dimmed once more.
However, the Fiend Night Clan members weren't paying attention to the changes in Xun's statue. The entire Fiend Night Clan members were in a state of panic. This was because they had received a new order on the day the Saints invaded, an order that they couldn't understand.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1564
The situation in the Great Evolution Realm was beginning to shake violently.
The Sacred Race's army continued to push forward with irresistible force. Every day, the universe was filled with noise and roars and shouts filled the sky.
This war concerned the entire universe, every race, and every living being. Whether you were a commoner or a cultivator, whether you were a human or of a different race, you couldn't stay out of this!
The Yao Night Clan had been actively preparing for war at the start.
All of the cultivators of the sacred lands began to gather at the core realms of the Yao Night Clan ….
Realm Lord Jun Lan of the Frigid Autumn Realm led her subordinates through the realm passageways. Her destination was the Xingming Realm, the realm where Yao Yao's Palace of Punishment was located!
She led the elites of the sacred lands, cultivators at the third transformation of the Spiritualized Realm. Even the weakest of them was at the Spirit Sea realm.
The enemy they were facing this time was too strong. Cultivators below the Spirit Sea realm were of little use.
Ever since she'd become the realm lord of the Frigid Autumn Realm, Jun Lan had only been to the Xingming Realm once. The universe was so vast that even as a realm lord, it wasn't easy for her to travel through hundreds of great realms. It was a long journey.
As she traveled through the realm passageways, she'd occasionally run into groups from other sacred lands of the Yao Night Clan. Most of them looked worried and worried.
Taunting voices would occasionally ring out in her ears. Holy Son Maha of the Sacred Beast Clan had somehow gotten his hands on a roaring command. He'd been taunting them almost every day ….
"Heh heh, the seven realm lords I killed today were all cultivators of the Pure Blue Realm of the Human Alliance. They were Song Chuanhe, Zhao Si, Long Can …. Tsk tsk, they couldn't even withstand a single blow.
"Holy Son is mighty!"
"Holy Son is mighty!"
Right at this moment, Holy Son Maha's voice resounded once more ….
"How arrogant!" Jun Lan's expression was as dark as water.
Actually, the people Maha had killed were from the Human Alliance, and human cultivators at that. Not only were they from a different faction, they weren't even from the Yao Night Clan. Logically speaking, Jun Lan shouldn't have been so furious.
However, she wasn't the only one who was furious. The elites of the sacred lands she led all had ugly expressions on their faces. Everyone in the universe didn't look too good either.
The Sacred Beast Clan's target wasn't just the Human Alliance ….
From the very beginning, they had declared that the entire universe was in their hands. They were the enemies of the entire universe.
Therefore, when the Human Dao Alliance was attacked, the Yao Ye Clan would naturally unite against a common enemy!
During this period of time, Maha's reputation had spread far and wide.
Although this person was only a sector lord, his strength seemed to be far above normal sector lords. Every time he killed a sector lord, he would record the name of the sector lord and broadcast it to the entire universe through his roar command!
When the trillions of living beings in the universe heard this guy's provocation, they all gnashed their teeth in hatred.
But there was nothing he could do.
It was said that this person truly relied on his own strength to kill those sector lords. At least in the universe, there wasn't a single sector lord who could defeat him in a one on one battle.
"Lord Jun Lan, why do you think no Empyrean acted to kill Maha?" A martial artist beside Jun Lan asked.
This martial artist was very young. Her name was Yuan Ling, and she could be considered a god level genius in the Yao Ye Clan. After participating in the Dream Battlefield, her cultivation had risen a level and she had stepped into the Extreme Divine realm. However, because she was young, she was deeply favored by Jun Lan.
Jun Lan looked straight ahead and lightly replied, "Perhaps … they're planning something. Since this Maha dares to be so arrogant, he definitely has no lack of Empyreans protecting him. The situation isn't as simple as you think."
To raise the morale of their Sacred Beast Clan's Holy Son and suppress the morale of the entire universe, this move was indeed effective.
At the very least, all of the lower and middle class martial artists in the universe had already begun to complain endlessly!
Ever since the Sacred Beast Clan invaded Windbreaker World, many Empyreans had responded. They had gathered all the races of the universe together to resist the Sacred Beast Clan. But even now, not a single Empyrean had acted!
The result was that they could only watch on helplessly as the Sacred Beast Clan invaded great world after great world, slaughtering them one after another.
In just a few days, the number of sector lords that had fallen had already reached over a hundred!
But whether it was the Demi-Immortal Clan or Gods Without Thought, none of them had acted. Even the Empyreans of the Human Alliance remained silent …
This was an inconceivable matter in the past!
In the past, because of a border dispute between the Human Alliance and the Demon Race, the Empyreans of both sides had come to blows. Especially Empyrean Mirage Sea, who had just inherited the Mandate of Heaven, he had nearly caused the death of a demon Empyrean!
At that time, the factions of the universe didn't think highly of the Human Alliance. This was because the foundation of the Human Alliance was inferior to Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm and Gods Without Thought. They were originally a pile of loose sand that had joined together to form a colossus.
It was also because of that dispute that the Human Alliance rose to become a first tier faction, causing the races of the universe to look at them in a new light.
The Human Alliance's Empyreans remained silent. This sort of abnormal situation puzzled countless martial artists. After all, to remain silent at this time was to damage one's morale …
In their grief and indignation, some of the World Lords of the Human Alliance even used their Roar Orders to criticize Empyrean Mirage Sea and Empyrean Oracle.
But they still maintained their silence.
"If they don't act, then Maha will fly to the heavens." Yuan Ling angrily said.
Jun Lan smiled faintly. "It's always hard to guess the thoughts of those important figures. I believe that they will defeat the sacred race in the end."
Not long after, Jun Lan finally led the elites of her sacred land into the Punishment Realm.
There were several hundred great realms gathered in the Punishment Realm. Over two thousand of the elites of the Fiendnight Clan's tenth rank sacred lands were gathered here. Just the World Lords alone numbered over six thousand, not to mention the Divine Transformation Realm, Divine Pinnacle Realm, and Divine Sea Realm martial artists!
With so many Fiendnight Clan experts gathered here, they were all waiting for their ruler's orders. Almost everyone in the Fiendnight Clan believed that they would launch a counterattack against the sacred race.
Within the Punishment Palace.
Beneath the enormous domed ceiling, azure tassels hung from the hem of her dress to the ground. Her dress dragged on the ground for hundreds of feet. Above her beautiful figure was an exquisite face. Beneath her luxurious makeup, she appeared incomparably noble and gorgeous, but it still couldn't conceal her ferocious aura.
Yao stood in the center of the hall with her eyes closed. The needle in the depths of her soul was still slowly spinning.
She was different from Xun. Xun deeply hated this soul sealing needle. She would rather sacrifice herself than be controlled by it.
But Yao gladly accepted the soul sealing needle's intentions. She even had a feeling that they were on the same page.
She was an extremely ambitious woman, but she didn't have the strength to support her ambitions. Even if she became the ruler of the Fiendnight Clan, it was impossible for her to lead the Fiendnight Clan to dominate the entire universe. Compared to the three great human influences, the Fiendnight Clan was still a bit weak, especially when it came to the Empyrean level.
So, the moment the soul sealing needle was activated, she discovered an inconceivable secret. She screamed in excitement and even gathered several men she loved to do it with for several nights.
She was someone who loved to see the world plunged into chaos. To her, this was an excellent opportunity. Moreover, the Fiendnight Clan was actually joining forces with the sacred race!
On the smooth and hard floor in front of her, a speck of green light suddenly appeared. Then, a green vine began to rapidly grow and sprout. In several breaths of time, a giant flower bud emerged.
"Bo!"
After the flower bud bloomed, a blue-clothed Whisper walked out from within.
Compared to the other Dao Children, Whisper's cultivation rose the fastest. In a short period of time, she had reached the peak of the Divine Transformation realm. It seemed that she wasn't far from breaking into the World Lord realm.
Yao looked at Qingyu with a smile on her face. "Ying, you're late."
Whisper coldly glared at Yao.
She didn't like Yao too much. She had always been immersed in her own research and didn't pay too much attention to the matters of the Fiendnight Clan.
Not too long ago, she had discovered the mysteries of the tenth level Laws. But then, a sacred race appeared out of nowhere and caused such a great disturbance, completely disrupting her progress … and what was even worse was that the soul sealing needle in her mind had released a pile of information that had nothing to do with her!
It was only now that she understood the mission of the Fiendnight Clan. Although she wasn't happy about this, she had no choice but to obey the soul sealing needle's intentions.
What left her even more depressed was that through the soul sealing needle's information, she finally understood why she was able to control the tenth level of the Life Laws.
This was because the person who had created the Laws of the universe was on the verge of dying. This was why there were so many loopholes in the Great Evolution Universe. She, Whisper, had only found these loopholes by chance and obtained the tenth level of the Life Laws!
"This time, they sent ten Dao Children to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but they didn't send me. In truth, the Demi-Immortal Race has long been suspicious of our Fiendnight Clan. They don't even trust the Demon Race," Whisper said. "So, don't think that you can catch them off guard."

Chapter 1566
Yao's explanation wasn't very convincing.
After all, none of the Yao Ye clansmen present had soul sealing needles in their souls, so they didn't know the origins of the Yao Ye clan.
However, as the ruler of the Yao Ye clan, the totem of faith that couldn't be overturned, Yao only needed to give an explanation. As for whether or not this explanation was true or absurd wasn't important, because the Yao Ye clansmen didn't have the right to question their ruler.
"No matter how confused, doubtful, confused, or angry you are, it won't change my and Ying's decision. Realm Lords, listen up. Reorganize your troops and wait for further orders in the Xingming Realm. I will lead the Yao Ye clan into a new era of prosperity!"
With that, Yao turned and left. The multicolored door slammed shut. She still had to explain things to the Yao Ye clan's Celestial Sovereigns.
The Celestial Sovereigns weren't as easy to talk to as the Yao Ye clansmen, but Yao could have them inspect the soul sealing needles. This wasn't a difficult problem to solve. What the Yao Ye clan needed to do next was wait. At the most critical moment, they would deal a fatal blow to the humans.
… …
… …
In a short period of time, the Human Alliance had already lost two hundred great realms.
The Sacred Race's army was unstoppable. They didn't encounter any decent resistance at all. At this rate, the Sacred Race would be able to swallow up the entire Human Alliance in two years at most.
In the core great realm of the Demi-Immortal Race.
Suddenly, a sharp aura was emitted from the huge palace.
The aura was like countless thin blades that swept through everything in the palace.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Under the scouring of these blade-like auras, countless tiny marks were cut into this magnificent palace.
The walls, the floor, the ceiling, and the statues made of all sorts of rare materials were instantly covered in tiny scratches.
If someone were to be in the palace and come into contact with the aura, they would probably be reduced to a bloody mess. It would be comparable to death by a thousand cuts.
"How much longer … do we have to endure?" A delicate and pleasant female voice rang out.
The speaker was Celestial Sovereign Oracle of the Human Alliance. Her black gem-like eyes seemed to burn with two balls of fire. The aura just now had been unintentionally released in her anger.
In addition to Celestial Venerable Shen Yu, there were more than 20 human Celestial Venerables in the hall. However, none of them said a word.
After the Sacred Race passed through the Wall of Sighs, their first stop was the Tang Chen Clan. At that time, the people of the Human Dao Alliance had already realized that if the Sacred Race started a war, the first to suffer would be the Human Dao Alliance.
The Human Alliance wasn't weak. Celestial Venerable Oracle was one of the four upper Celestial Venerables of the universe. Apart from her, Celestial Venerable Mirage Sea, Celestial Venerable Cloudfox, and the others also had decent Heavenly Wills.
If they had resisted with all their might, they wouldn't have lost more than two hundred great realms in such a short time.
Now, the Human Alliance was infamy. All intelligent beings in the universe were mocking them for their cowardice.
In particular, there were some World Lords that were killed by the saints. Before they died, they even used their Roar Command, cursing the Empyreans of the Divine Realm for being cowardly before even fighting, saying that they were shameful leaders of the Human Alliance.
Although the Realm of the Gods Empyrean was a woman, her personality was also fiery to the extreme.
Ever since the Sacred Race declared war, Old Man Feng had repeatedly warned the Human Alliance not to resist as much as possible. He had also ordered the Human Alliance's main forces to continuously retreat.
"The Demi-Immortal Tribe owes us an explanation," Celestial Venerable Oracle said, staring at Old Man Feng.
Old Man Feng sighed softly. "For now, we can only endure …"
"Still the same explanation?" Celestial Venerable Oracle sneered.
Celestial Venerable of Original Sin suddenly said, "We've just sent out our hope. We can exchange space for time …"
"What time? Time for the ten Dao Children to grow? "Celestial Venerable Oracle questioned.
Celestial Venerable of Original Sin was speechless.
The ten Dao Children were geniuses that had gathered all the resources in the universe to be born. Almost all of them had perfect talent in their own fields. Even the Celestial Venerables present in their youth couldn't compare to them.
However, no matter how talented a Dao Child was, they still needed time to grow!
If the Dao Children were given a hundred years to grow, the current situation would be very different.
But only a little over a year had passed, and the Sacred Race had already made their move.
How many years would it take for the Dao Children to become True Gods?
That was undoubtedly a pipe dream. No matter how much Celestial Venerable Oracle thought highly of Luo Zheng, he knew that it was impossible.
Therefore, many Empyreans were well aware that the so-called exchange of space for time was just wishful thinking. They could only watch helplessly as the universe was nibbled away by the Sacred Race.
"My master naturally has his reasons for making such arrangements. As his descendants, we should choose to believe in him. If Huan Yu survives this crisis, we will repay our debt to the Human Dao Alliance tenfold!" Old man Feng continued.
Celestial Venerable Oracle didn't say anything. A handsome young man next to her sneered. "We can't wait until then. The Human Alliance will not sacrifice ourselves to buy time for the Demi-Immortal Tribe! This one will take his leave! "
With that, the young man turned his head and split into two illusions, disappearing before everyone's eyes.
He was Celestial Venerable Mirage Sea of the Human Alliance!
The Demi-Immortal Tribe's starting point was different from the Human Alliance's. The Demi-Immortal Tribe considered everything from the perspective of the entire universe.
Even with the Sacred Race's relentless pursuit, they'd only nibbled away two hundred great worlds. It would take a considerable amount of time for them to completely occupy the thousands of great worlds in the Human Alliance.
But to the Human Alliance, this was unbearable.
Everyone was gathered by the Demi-Immortal Tribe to join forces against the Sacred Race. Now that the Sacred Race had attacked, the Demi-Immortal Tribe was just going to watch from the sidelines? Not only did they watch from the sidelines, but they also wanted them to give up resistance. That was too much.
Although the Celestial Venerables understood that the Sacred Race's grudges stemmed from the Divine Realm, which was a struggle between higher life forms, and the Demi-Immortal Tribe represented one of the factions. It could be considered a way for the Lord of Great Expansion to redeem himself. But it was hard for them to accept such a method.
"Hahaha, we killed four realm lords today. They were He Shuiming, Yan Kai … Celestial Venerable Oracle, you and I didn't have the fortune to meet that day. I've never forgotten your beauty. If you're willing to come out and drink with me, I can reorganize my troops and postpone the attack for three months. How about it?"
At this moment, Maha's voice rang out through the roaring command once more. All the Celestial Venerables heard it clearly. Old Feng frowned. This Holy Son's provocation was becoming more and more excessive.
"You're going too far. Do you think we can tolerate this?" A strange smile appeared on Celestial Venerable Oracle's face. He was beyond furious. He glared fiercely at the Celestial Venerables present, then turned and stepped into the void.
The Human Alliance's Celestial Venerable Cloudfox followed suit.
Seeing the three representatives of the Human Alliance leave, Celestial Venerable of Original Sin couldn't help but sigh. "Perhaps our decision was wrong."
Thunder Punishing Celestial Venerable, who'd been silent all this time, shook his head. "Time is indeed too short. It's unrealistic to pin our hopes on the little fellows …"
The old patriarch's expression was conflicted.
If they allowed Celestial Venerable Oracle to lead the Human Alliance against the Sacred Race, the result would be obvious. If the elites of the Human Alliance were completely wiped out, it would be a huge loss to the human race.
The old patriarch sighed again.
This expression hadn't appeared on his face for many years.
Ever since he'd led the Demi-Immortal Tribe, their development had been smooth sailing.
The Demi-Immortal Tribe's rapid rise, the ten Dao Children's smooth ascension, and Luo Zheng's rapid growth … Everything seemed to be going according to plan.
He'd even thought all of this was a matter of course. The Demi-Immortal Tribe was a disciple's plan, an arrangement made by the Lord of Taien. It was impossible for anything to go wrong!
He hadn't expected a fatal mistake to occur. The Sacred Race had broken through the Wall of Sighs prematurely, resulting in the Dao Children not having enough time to grow.
"Perhaps it's time to launch a counterattack. I'll go see Master Xingwei." Old Feng disappeared from the palace.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1567
The Demi-Immortal Tribe was caught between a rock and a hard place.
In the beginning, both Lord Xingwei and the old patriarch had planned to trade space for time, delaying the Sacred Race as much as possible.
The universe was so big that even if the Sacred Race had a huge appetite, digesting it wouldn't be an easy task ….
In the end, they would have to sacrifice the Human Alliance.
Because of the Sacred Race's invasion, the three great powers of the human race were tied together. The grudges between Exalted Oracle and Exalted Original Sin had been written off, but there was no way Exalted Oracle and the others could just watch as their territory was slowly nibbled away.
But if the Human Alliance were to fight the Sacred Race alone, the consequences would be even worse. In their current situation, rather than fighting them one by one, it was better to work together and fight with everything they had!
But it was a difficult choice.
"Lord Xingwei." Old man Feng cupped his hands in greeting after entering the secret realm.
In the secret realm, an old man floated cross-legged in the air. Specks of starlight constantly streaked past him, as if countless meteors were falling around him.
Xingwei didn't say anything. His eyes were closed, as if he was using the starlight to communicate with something.
Old man Feng stood to the side and didn't interrupt Xingwei's thoughts.
Soon, more and more starlight appeared around Xingwei. Every ray of starlight turned into a bright white line, outlining a complicated pattern.
The pattern grew in number until it finally gathered at the top of the secret realm, forming a white belt of light that slowly pierced through Xingwei's head!
As the light spread, all the stars in the universe simultaneously shot out light!
It was currently night time in the universe. All the starlight bloomed, illuminating the night like it was daytime!
Although Old man Feng was in the secret realm, he could clearly sense the changes in the universe. It seemed that Lord Xingwei was using some kind of secret technique.
Xingwei was the only true god of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. He was the one who had personally activated the bloodline of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. In addition, he was a disciple of a Sage. From his perspective, the situation in the universe should be clearer.
As the ribbon of light above Lord Startail's head continued to draw closer to his head, the speed at which the ribbon of light extended became slower and slower, and more and more difficult!
Xing Wei, whose eyes were tightly shut, frowned slightly. He suddenly stretched out his hands, and a resplendent light suddenly emitted from his Dantian. A light blue crystal suddenly flew out and circled in front of Xing Wei.
The crystal was octagonal in shape and looked like an Eight Trigrams Talisman. However, this Eight Trigrams Talisman gave off a feeling of eternity and indestructibility.
"This is Lord Startail's Godhead! The Godhead has left the body! "Old Man Feng raised his eyebrows slightly. This was the first time the Old Patriarch had seen a Godhead with his own eyes.
After the Godhead spiraled out, the starlight emanating from Lord Startail's body grew even brighter, and the speed at which the belt of light above his head extended increased by several times!
"Condense!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The specks of starlight shot towards Star Tail's head and gathered in the belt of light. It seemed that Lord Star Tail wanted to pull the belt of light into Star Tail's mind.
When the belt of light was only two inches away from Star Tail's head, a cracking sound suddenly came from the belt of light.
"Ka …"
The belt of light suddenly shrunk like an injured snake head of a ferocious beast. It shrunk back into the patterns above Star Tail's head. Very quickly, the patterns outlined by the starlight disappeared completely!
Star Tail's face instantly turned ugly.
"Why, why …" Star Tail's eyes revealed a tinge of frustration.
To be able to make a True God feel frustrated, it was obvious that what he had just done was extremely important!
"Lord Star Tail, this is …" Seeing Star Tail open his eyes, Old Man Feng hurriedly asked.
Star Tail glanced at Old Man Feng indifferently and sighed, "What I used just now was the Great Star Technique. It is able to fully utilize the power of all the stars."
This Great Star Technique belonged to the Star Divine Dao of the Three Thousand Divine Daos.
"Utilizing the power of the stars? What is Lord Star Tail trying to do?" Old Man Feng did not understand.
Star Tail continued, "I want to take over the entire Great Evolution Universe. If I can control the entire universe, I can use the hundred thousand great worlds in the universe as my substitute. My strength will increase greatly, and if I succeed, even the True God of the Sacred Clan will not be able to do anything to me."
"You want to take over the control of the universe and seize the Heaven Way Skill?" Old Man Feng revealed a shocked expression.
Xing Wei nodded, a strange expression on his face. "Honorable Master is now in a half-weakened state. Even his consciousness doesn't exist. Logically speaking, he shouldn't be able to control the entire universe. But why was it that when I tried just now, I was repelled by a strange force?
This was not the first time he had tried.
Old Man Feng's eyes flashed and he said, "Previously, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe secretly set up a formation at the back of the Great Thousand World in order to seize the Heaven Way. However, in the end, it was all in vain! There seemed to be a power that stopped it! "
Previously, when they had killed the Candle Dragon, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had activated the formation and wanted to integrate the will of the Great Thousand World.
However, at the last step, they were repelled by a mysterious power.
Back then, they had suspected that there was a traitor among the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. However, as the remaining members of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe were killed, there was no problem with the Heaven Way. Hence, their speculation was disproven. However, until now, they had not found the reason.
Now, Lord Star Tail had tried to integrate the Heaven Way with the Great Star Art, but he had failed.
He was also repelled by a power. It was as if there was a master hidden in the Heaven Way that blocked everyone else.
What Old Man Feng did not expect was that the person who had integrated with the Heaven Way was Luo Zheng!
After he fused with the wills of the Great Thousand Worlds, those wills followed the Immortal Ascension Passage and spread into the universe. Although Luo Zheng had left the Great Expansion Universe and his main body was in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, it was impossible for the Star Tail to invade or even control the Heavenly Dao.
After failing, Star Tail revealed a vexed expression.
If he had successfully integrated with the Heaven Way and controlled the entire Great Yan Universe, he would have a stable position in the Great Yan Universe. Even if the Sacred Race sent several True Gods at the same time, they would not be able to do anything to him.
"What do you want?" Star Tail stared at Old Man Feng and asked.
Old Man Feng reported the reactions of the Human Alliance's Heavenly Venerables to Star Tail truthfully.
Hearing Old Man Feng's words, Star Tail couldn't help but shake his head. "How preposterous. The Human Alliance has less than ten Heavenly Venerables. Even if they gather all the world lords of the Human Alliance, fighting against the Sacred Race is like throwing an egg against a rock."
"But letting them watch as the Sacred Race invades their homeland is too cruel." Old Man Feng shook his head.
Frankly speaking, not to mention Heavenly Venerables Oracle and the others, even Old Man Feng himself could not do it.
How could Star Tail not understand Old Man Feng's words? He sighed and said, "Forget it. Since they want to go, we can't just stand by and watch. This time, I will activate the Celestial Star Technique and do my best to help you fight back."
"We're not waiting for the Daoists to return?" Old Man Feng asked.
The legends of the Daoists and even sending them to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement were all provided by Star Tail. According to Star Tail, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was indeed an extraordinary cultivation holy land. However, if they were sent out in such a hurry, there was no telling when they would return.
"We can't just wait here. We must do something and cooperate with the Human Dao Alliance and the Sacred Race. At the very least, we can slow down the Sacred Race's advance." Star Tail revealed a worried expression.
As Luo Xiao's disciple, Star Tail had extraordinary trust in his master.
His master's plans and arrangements would definitely be able to turn danger into safety. This was the common belief of all his disciples.
No matter how bad the situation was, Star Tail would never lose confidence.
But this time, Star Tail didn't have much confidence.
As a True God, he understood the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It was indeed a cultivation holy land built by Sage Jiu of the divine realm.
However, no matter how godly the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was, it couldn't raise the strength of the Daoists to the point where they could save the Great Yan Realm in such a short time. This was too ridiculous.
The Great Yan Realm and the Forbidden Land of God Refinement's flow of time were synchronized.
Just as Star Tail made this decision, Luo Zheng's eyelids trembled slightly. Then, he abruptly opened his eyes. A golden afterglow spun rapidly in his pupils and gradually dissipated.
Luo Zheng revealed a puzzled expression. What time was it?

Chapter 1569
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the Craftsman Saint disapproved. "It's just a Sword Spirit. A Sword Spirit of this level is of no help to the current you!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng coldly glanced at the Craftsman Saint.
With the strength of these two Saints, they could have prevented this from happening, but they just watched with folded arms …
But soon, Luo Zheng felt relieved.
Whether it was the Craftsman Saint or Jiu Saint, they were just outsiders in the end.
This Craftsman Saint had arranged for him, and Jiu Saint had agreed because Luo Xiao had lent him a hand.
Even in the Realm of the Gods, existences like Saints were lofty existences. To countless creatures, they were illusory legends.
The fact that Jiu Saint was willing to help him was already a great help.
He could only rely on himself!
Thinking of this, the fluctuation in Luo Zheng's heart quietly disappeared, and his expression also calmed down.
Previously, he had wanted to seek Jiu Saint's help to see if there was a way to restore Xun's erased memories, but now, Luo Zheng remained silent.
"Quick, show me your ability!" The Craftsman Saint didn't want to discuss the Sword Spirit at all. He only wanted to see what level Luo Zheng, this living weapon, could reach.
Any Craftsman would have the urge to 'test the blade' when they first formed a Divine Weapon. After making the most outstanding work, they naturally wanted to see the strength of this work!
Ever since Luo Zheng woke up, he had been paying attention to Xun. Hearing the Craftsman Saint's words, he began to examine himself.
In fact, after waking up, Luo Zheng had already sensed that his body had undergone an earth-shaking change!
At this moment, he felt as if there was a transparent membrane around his body, and this membrane seemed to have a connection with his soul.
With a slight thought, a transparent membrane appeared on the surface of his body!
"What is this?"
Luo Zheng revealed a trace of curiosity.
The Craftsman Saint didn't say anything. He only watched as Luo Zheng slowly fumbled around.
The thin film was like a layer of water, constantly surging on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. Soon, Luo Zheng discovered that he could control this thin film with his thoughts. This thin film was like a layer of Luo Zheng's skin covering his body.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng stared at the Craftsman Saint and asked.
The Craftsman Saint chuckled. "This thing doesn't have a name yet!"
After all, no one had ever refined an Origin Divine Spark into a defensive artifact before this. However, the Craftsman Saint quickly added, "However, this artifact is up to your liking. I want to name this artifact the Concentric Garment!"
"Tongyi?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. Under the influence of his thought, the thin film turned into a piece of clothing that covered Luo Zheng's body. This thing did indeed change according to Luo Zheng's state of mind, but at this moment, the clothing was completely transparent and could not be used to cover his body.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was completely unaware of what kind of artifact this was, the Craftsman Saint couldn't help but remind him, "It can change into any color or shape according to your thoughts!"
"It can change color too?"
As soon as the Craftsman Saint finished speaking, the originally transparent layer of clothing changed color and turned into a long black gown.
In terms of appearance, this long gown was almost no different from an ordinary long gown. When a gentle breeze blew, the lapel could even flutter.
"Interesting …" The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth twitched slightly.
The Craftsman Saint looked left and right, then turned his head to Hua Tianming and said, "Little friend, you can attack Luo Zheng with all your strength."
Hua Tianming was slightly taken aback, but his gaze swept past Jiu Sheng.
Jiu Sheng nodded at Hua Tianming, indicating that Hua Tianming could try his best.
With two Saints present, Hua Tianming no longer had any misgivings. He unsheathed his longsword without any hesitation, and his gaze instantly became extremely sharp.
He stared at Luo Zheng and smiled slightly. "Brother Luo Zheng, I'm coming!"
After he finished speaking, the sword in his hand blossomed with a powerful light. The purple Mysterious Fire in the entire cave was pushed away by the light, rolling and tumbling.
Seeing the sword in Hua Tianming's hand, the Craftsman Saint revealed a look of surprise. He hadn't noticed Hua Tianming before, and only now did he realize that this brat was actually holding Tengshe's Sword, the sword of a Weapon Grandmaster!
Almost all of the artifact forging techniques in the Divine Realm were passed down to Weapon Grandmasters.
Sabers, swords, axes, hammers, and halberds … these were all invented by Weapon Grandmaster Chi You. His successors only continuously improved them, but it was very difficult for them to truly innovate.
For countless divine epochs, they had always walked the path of primordial treasures.
Only the Craftsman Saint had walked a new path, and that was the path of primordial treasures. This was why the Craftsman Saint was so popular in the Divine Realm. To be able to open a path that Weapon Grandmasters had never walked before was indeed an amazing feat.
However, Tengshe's Sword was still one of the famed swords that Weapon Grandmasters had personally forged. Seeing it this time, the Craftsman Saint couldn't help but sigh in admiration. It seemed that a portion of the inheritance that Chi You had left behind had fallen into Luo Xiao's hands, and had been inherited by this young man.
Hua Tianming slightly straightened his longsword, and a sharp light spread out from the sword. Layers of light formed a bridge that connected the space between him and Luo Zheng. Then, he charged at Luo Zheng with his longsword in hand!
"Rip!"
At the same time that Hua Tianming charged forward with his sword, the tip of the sword at the front was like a pair of scissors, directly cutting the space in half!
In just an instant, Hua Tianming's sword was already pressed against Luo Zheng's chest. The tip of Tengshe's Sword was directly pressed against the surface of Luo Zheng's robe.
The originally soft fabric became extremely firm under Luo Zheng's will. It was like a thin piece of metal blocking Luo Zheng's chest.
"Whoosh!"
As the longswords collided, a melodious sound erupted. The tip of the sword immediately slid to the side.
This sword really couldn't pierce through Luo Zheng's concentric robe. However, it still left a scratch on the surface of Luo Zheng's Divine Realm robe!
However, the concentric robe was like a living thing. The scratch was instantly repaired.
"Whoosh whoosh!"
The longsword circled around Hua Tianming's hand once before returning to its scabbard. Hua Tianming cupped his hands at Luo Zheng and smiled. "Congratulations, Brother Luo Zheng."
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he cupped his hands at the Craftsman Saint and said, "Thank you, Senior, for bestowing me with such a wonderful treasure."
He was naturally grateful for this person's help. However, Luo Zheng also understood that he was merely exchanging relationships with these people. They didn't help him because he was Luo Zheng, but because of other motives.
He was indeed grateful to this person now. However, he would definitely find an opportunity to repay this favor in the future.
The Craftsman Saint smiled faintly. "Helping you refine your body this time is also an experiment for me. However, at this stage, your body has yet to reach the level of a first-rate Chaos Treasure!"
Hearing the Craftsman Saint's words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of doubt.
"You will know soon." The Craftsman Saint didn't reveal the secret of Luo Zheng's body. He even changed Luo Zheng's instincts to a certain extent. He believed that Luo Zheng would discover this secret soon.
Despite the Craftsman Saint's words, Luo Zheng discovered that the power he could control had greatly increased. At the very least, he had used nearly one percent of the Nine Stars' power source and applied it to his body. However, his body was still as sturdy as before and showed no signs of collapsing.
The Craftsman Saint didn't stay for long. He had entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement precisely to refine Luo Zheng. After saying a few words, he turned into a wisp of smoke and left the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
After the Craftsman Saint left, Saint Jiu glanced at Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, as well as the Nine True Dragons circling around the cave. "I just received news that the fake Sacred Clan has begun to act."
"They've already begun?"
Hua Tianming's eyelids suddenly twitched. Luo Zheng's eyebrows also rose. As for the Nine True Dragons, they all had different expressions.
Saint Jiu nodded.
The Saint Jiu that Luo Zheng and the others saw was only one of Saint Jiu's incarnations. The real Saint Jiu was far away in the Realm of the Gods. He had only just received news that Mu Haiji had captured the Great Yan Realm.
"You don't have much time left," Saint Jiu said.
Once the Sacred Clan occupied the entire universe and disintegrated it, Luo Xiao's Sacred Position would be completely erased and he would truly perish.
If there was enough time, this group of ten Dao Children could stay in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for dozens of years or even a hundred years.
To a martial artist, a hundred years was an extremely short period of cultivation.
When Luo Zheng left the Great Yan Realm, he also understood that the Sacred Clan wouldn't give them much time. But now, only a year had passed. They had far too little time!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1570
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Sage Jiu was an omniscient and omnipotent existence, but he couldn't influence the Great Evolution Universe.
He might be good friends with Luo Xiao, but he couldn't oppose the Templars. He couldn't break the rules of the Templars and directly help Luo Xiao …
Sage Jiu could only participate in nurturing the Ten Dao Children.
And Luo Zheng was the most important one, which was why he was so generous as to share his power source with Luo Zheng.
If it were any other Saint, this would be unthinkable …
Although at the level of the Saint Realm, the contest between Saints wasn't decided by strength, in many specific situations, strength still played a role that couldn't be ignored.
In this situation, Sage Jiu could only compress the time without limit!
He wasn't just responsible for Luo Zheng.
Xi Youqin, Ji Luoxue, Jiang Zhengyi, and the other Dao Children all had their own arrangements, but the resources given to them naturally wouldn't be as much as Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming …
Sage Jiu had never been to the Great Evolution Universe, so he didn't have a deep understanding of its situation. He only knew that Mu Haiji had made his move, urging the creatures in his inner world to attack and occupy the Great Evolution Universe.
Luo Zheng asked Sage Jiu why he didn't try to divine the fate of the Great Evolution Universe.
Sage Jiu said that he couldn't divine it.
In truth, the Dao of Fortune Telling only existed in the universe. In the Realm of the Gods, even Saints couldn't divine the fate of others.
More than a year ago, Hua Tianming had told Luo Zheng that the so-called Dao of Fortune was fake, but there was a deeper meaning behind it.
The so-called Dao of Fortune was nothing more than a path that had been arranged by the Heavenly Dao long ago. As for the divination techniques in the universe, they were actually just a trace of the Heavenly Dao's mysteries.
This was because the master of the universe had the ability to arrange everything. He could make any creature in the universe move according to the will of the universe's master.
For example, every step Luo Zheng took was the result of Luo Xiao's arrangements.
However, the Divine Domain was different. In the Divine Domain, there was no controller or Heavenly Dao. It was a freely constructed world. Everything in that world was in a random state.
However, nothing was absolute. In the legends, one of the lost Divine Daos of the 3000 Divine Daos was the Great Destiny Art. It could alter one's own destiny and even calculate the destiny of every life within the Divine Realm. But up until now, no one had been able to comprehend this Divine Dao.
Although Sage Jiu couldn't calculate the fate of the Great Yan Universe, he gave three years based on the information provided by Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, as well as Sage Jiu's estimation of the strength of the pseudo-Saint Clan created in Mu Haiji's Great Yan Universe.
He didn't just calculate the Sacred Clan, he also calculated the Fiend Night Clan that Luo Zheng had mentioned. After all, Sage Jiu also knew about the Fiend Night Clan's movements from Luo Zheng's Sword Lingxun …
"Three years is indeed short, but at some point, I will compress the time again. It will be enough for you to cultivate." After saying this, Sage Jiu's originally worried face revealed a slightly vulgar smile. It was hard to imagine that a supreme existence of the Divine Realm would reveal such a smile. "Next, you will still need to bring those two girls from Han Jia to the Soul Subduing Cliff. You still need to seize the opportunity for the girl from Han Jia."
Luo Zheng could only silently roll his eyes. It seemed that Sage Jiu was also a romantic and elegant person in the Divine Realm.
He naturally wouldn't follow Sage Jiu's instructions and pursue Han Liusu. This was not in line with Luo Zheng's original intentions. In other words, with Luo Zheng's personality, he wouldn't do such a thing. However, he still followed Sage Jiu's instructions. After all, he had obtained a Black Trial Talisman and his goal was to go to the Soul Subduing Cliff to cultivate …
In the eyes of foreign martial artists and Divine Realm martial artists, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was a place where opportunity and danger coexisted.
But the ten Demi-Immortal Dao Children, after nearly a year of tempering, suddenly discovered that the Forbidden Land of God Refinement seemed to have become quite friendly. Every step they took was abnormally smooth, and this smoothness even revealed a trace of strangeness, causing them to become vigilant.
Of the ten Dao Children, only three knew of Sage Jiu's existence: Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Luo Xi Xuan. The others didn't know.
All of this was naturally arranged by Sage Jiu. Although tempering was quite beneficial to these Dao Children, the difference between a martial artist who was forcefully matured and a martial artist who was tempered was like the difference between the heavens and the earth. But in the end, there was only one reason – there wasn't much time.
Han Liusu and the other Divine Realm martial artists were trapped by Sage Jiu, so they naturally had their own ideas. But Luo Zheng didn't directly answer. After all, Sage Jiu didn't want news of his interference to spread to the Divine Realm, so this matter was left unsettled.
After arriving at the Soul Subduing Cliff, Luo Zheng realized that Sage Jiu had sealed away his supreme comprehension of several Divine Daos. So far, only a handful of people had ever entered the Soul Subduing Cliff.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng didn't find any records of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao. After the selection, Luo Zheng chose the most mature Grand Wish Art.
As for Luo Zheng's choice, Han Liusu was quite disapproving. In her opinion, the Grand Wish Art was not a rare Divine Dao in the Divine Realm. Almost everyone could cultivate it.
The reason why she was so obsessed with the Soul Subduing Cliff was because the Dao Essence of Sage Jiu's Grand Soul Subduing Technique was hidden within.
The Grand Soul Subduing Technique was a supernatural ability that could suppress the soul. After comprehending it, one could suppress the souls of countless powerhouses. It was naturally tyrannical to the extreme. In the Divine Realm, there were very few True Divinities that could cultivate the Grand Soul Subduing Technique to Perfection. And, there was only Sage Jiu who had cultivated the Grand Soul Subduing Technique to the Saint realm!
Thus, by observing the Dao Essence of Sage Jiu's Grand Soul Subduing Technique, one would naturally benefit greatly. It was just that Luo Zheng had gone so deep into a mountain of treasures and yet only cultivated the Grand Wish Art. That was a bit stupid …
Luo Zheng naturally disapproved. He had always believed that what suited him was the most important. There was a price to using the Grand Wish Art. If he couldn't satisfy this price, then it would severely restrict him, even injure him.
But Luo Zheng understood that the problems he would face in the future would be far more severe. First, he would have to face the crisis of the Grand Expansion Realm. Even after resolving this crisis, he would still have to go to the Divine Realm. Then, he would have to face even more powerful existences. He might even have to face a Saint!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, let alone a Saint, Luo Zheng wouldn't even have the strength to fight back against a True Divinity. If he wanted to take advantage of the situation, then he would have to take the risk …
Han Liusu criticized Luo Zheng for wasting his opportunity, but Han Chuyue admired Luo Zheng's actions. At such a young age, Han Chuyue's way of thinking was very different from her older sister's.
Luo Zheng and Han Liusu weren't the only ones to enter the Soul Suppressing Cliff. Han Liusu's younger sister, Han Chuyue, had also obtained the qualifications to enter. Sage Jiu had put in all his effort to create opportunities for Luo Zheng. Perhaps Luo Zheng was well aware of this, but he still failed to live up to Sage Jiu's intentions. Luo Zheng couldn't go against his own heart and truly climb up the ranks of Han Jia's people.
As for the Han Jia's He Zuowei and the other guards, they could only obediently wait outside the Soul Suppressing Cliff. He Zuowei and the others had originally thought that they had a sufficient understanding of the Forbidden Land of God. Although their Eldest Princess had repeatedly said that Luo Zheng could bring her into the Soul Suppressing Cliff, they had believed her a little. They had never imagined that Luo Zheng would be able to bring the two sisters in so easily. Unfortunately, they could only watch with envy. Sage Jiu wasn't so generous as to let just anyone into the Soul Suppressing Cliff.
Half a year later, when they were leaving the Soul Suppressing Cliff, the two sisters of Han Jia tried their best to invite Luo Zheng to the Realm of the Gods.
Luo Zheng didn't even think about it before rejecting the two sisters' request. He was a secondary life form created by Luo Xiao. At this stage, he couldn't enter the Realm of the Gods. The consequence of forcefully entering would be to be reduced to a ball of true essence …
He didn't expect that Han Chuyue and Han Liusu would be able to think of a way.
Secondary life forms that entered the Realm of the Gods would be reduced to true essence. This was the law of the hierarchy of life forms. However, after countless God Epochs, there were still people who could break this law. It was just that the price was rather high.
Han Chuyue expressed that for someone as outstanding as Luo Zheng, her father should be happy to help.
Luo Zheng still refused without hesitation. He was indeed going to the Realm of the Gods, but definitely not now. After all, the Great Yan Universe was still in danger. He wouldn't waste any time.
Time flew by as he cultivated meticulously and tediously.

Chapter 1571
The Time Valley was generally the last stop for outside martial artists in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
The time compression here was very balanced and there were almost no fluctuations. Moreover, the heaven and earth origin energy was in a calm state.
Thus, most people would try to break through bottlenecks here.
But then again, those who entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement were either the top geniuses of the universe or the elite martial artists of the Realm of the Gods. All of them had good talent. The Third Divine Transformation Stage was an insurmountable barrier for ordinary martial artists, but for those who had the qualifications to enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, it wasn't difficult at all.
After the ten Dao Children left their respective Holy Lands, they entered the Time Valley one after another and began their year-long seclusion …
The scenery in the valley was beautiful and tranquil. The Dragon Bird Clan used a secret method to create a soul-calming incense that constantly burned, causing its fragrance to spread throughout the valley.
There were large and small caves in the valley, arranged in order. The highest cave maintained a time compression of 80 times, the middle cave maintained a time compression of 50 times, and the lowest cave maintained a time compression of 20 times.
This place maintained a steady flow of time all year round. Naturally, it was impossible for it to be like Luo Zheng's situation in the Gate of God Refinement, where it reached a terrifying 30 million times! After all, even Sage Jiu found it difficult to maintain such a high rate of time compression.
After the Dao Children entered the Time Valley, they were invited by the Dragon Bird Clan's prophet to enter the Time Valley and begin their year-long seclusion. As for the seclusion cave, it was naturally the best location.
This caused a group of Realm of the Gods martial artists to feel indignant. They didn't know what was wrong with the Dragon Bird Clan to give such preferential treatment to a group of second-level life forms …
This year was very peaceful.
According to the time compression of 80 times, a month in the outside world was equivalent to seven years in the cave.
The ten Dao Children had already accumulated a lot of experience in the various Holy Lands. In addition to the several inheritances of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they had also cultivated their own characteristics to the extreme.
Among them, the ones who broke through the fastest were Hua Tianming and Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
The two of them stepped into the Divine Transformation Realm from the Divine Realm in the first month. Xuanyuan Chenfeng was slightly faster than Hua Tianming.
After breaking through, Xuanyuan Chenfeng left the cave and inquired about the other Dao Children's situations. As he heard that he was the first one to step into the Divine Transformation realm, he was naturally a bit pleased with himself. In his heart, there was still a trace of pride. He believed that he was the strongest of the 10 Dao Children …
However, after the two of them broke through, they only left the cave to rest for a day before continuing their seclusion. A day in the outside world was equivalent to two and a half months in the cave. Their goal was to break through to the world overlord realm. They had no choice but to cherish every second they had.
In the third month, Luo Xi Xuan became the third Dao Child to break through to the Divine Transformation Realm.
In the fourth month, Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Jiang Zhengyi, and the other Dao Children all stepped into the Divine Transformation Realm. At this time, only Luo Zheng hadn't broken through.
The three stages of the Three Transformations of the Divinity Transformation were the process of expanding one's inner world.
After entering the Spirit Sea Realm, the inner world of a warrior was constantly expanding, and many Precepts were constantly being formed.
The key reason why Luo Zheng was lagging behind them was because of his beginning and end True Essence.
The other eight had absorbed a massive amount of beginning and end True Essence from the Sky Vault Clan. This sort of special True Essence could make a warrior's inner world even more condensed, and it was also extremely beneficial for breaking through to the next realm.
Luo Zheng's body was filled with chaos energy. Compared to True Essence, it was much more condensed, and it was naturally much more difficult for him to break through to the Divine Transformation Realm.
However, Luo Zheng was also able to fully utilize the characteristics of chaos energy. In the fifth month, which was nearly 35 years, he repeatedly swallowed the heaven and earth origin energy here, constantly transforming it into chaos energy.
The efficiency of this transformation couldn't be considered high, but it was carried out step by step. On the last day of the fifth month, Luo Zheng finally broke through to the Divine Transformation Realm.
Luo Zheng's inner world had undergone earth-shaking changes.
The area of his inner world had more than doubled, and a World Tree had grown to a height of 100,000 feet. The Heavenly Spirit Race living on this World Tree had become an extremely large race.
As for the Noble Race and the Teng Race, they had already split into two Divine Kingdoms, and they had already given birth to Void Tribulation and Life and Death realm martial artists.
In addition, a strange ice silkworm had been born on the ice tree. This ice silkworm looked like a transparent block of ice, but it was extremely fragile. Once it left the ice tree, it would immediately melt. As for what degree this thing could evolve to, Luo Zheng wasn't sure.
According to the three year agreement, he still had seven months left, which was around 50 years. He wasn't too sure whether or not he could break through to the World Lord realm.
The other Dao Children all had paths paved for them by their predecessors. They only needed to rely on their own talent to madly rush forward. As for Luo Zheng, he had cultivated the Secret Primal Chaos Arts and had relied entirely on himself to reach this point. Not only was it filled with hardships, but it wasn't a problem that talent could solve!
In order to cultivate to the World Lord realm, the requirement was to transform one's body into a world. The standard was to expand one's inner world into a boundless world.
This road had already been walked by countless lives. Every World Lord was the ruler of their own boundless world. But, whether or not the Secret Primal Chaos Arts could expand into a boundless world was still a question.
But when Luo Zheng entered the Divine Transformation realm, his inner world underwent a new change.
The world tree he had planted began to grow. The treetops began to extend upwards without limit, and the roots were deeply rooted in the depths of the sea of chaos!
As these tree roots continued to extend outwards, they actually broke through Luo Zheng's inner world!
If this were an ordinary martial artist, this sort of thing would be forbidden.
The world tree was like a stabilizing needle in the inner world. It could store true essence. If an ordinary martial artist were to plant a world tree, they would have nearly 50% more true essence than an ordinary martial artist.
But, no one would allow the trunk of a world tree to extend outside of their inner world. This meant that their dantian would be pierced through. To a martial artist, this was an enormous damage!
The roots of a world tree were extremely tough and tenacious. Even a small seed could push open a stone and stubbornly grow. This world tree was also the same.
Thus, if a martial artist had a world tree, they would prune the roots from time to time.
But Luo Zheng had allowed the world tree to freely grow. In the end, these roots stubbornly pierced through his inner world.
But, Luo Zheng's inner world wasn't a true inner world. In truth, his inner world existed within the primal chaos. It was only through the supernatural power that Luo Zheng established an inconceivable connection with it!
After the world tree pierced through the inner world's inner world, it actually extended into the primal chaos!
After Luo Zheng discovered this problem, he was greatly interested.
The Secret Arts of Primal Chaos was not a complete cultivation method, and it had never been reviewed by anyone. When Luo Zheng's master, the "Gu Bei" that Saint Jiu spoke of, wrote the Secret Arts of Primal Chaos, he admitted that it was only a concept of his. How far it could go or whether it could succeed was something that could not be guaranteed.
But, the greatest flaw of the Secret Primal Chaos Arts was that it was difficult to supplement the energy of primal chaos.
Whether it was the universe or the Divine Realm, both were filled with heaven and earth origin energy. A martial artist could freely absorb it or replace it with true essence stones. This was how a martial artist cultivated and survived.
But where would Luo Zheng go to find the energy of primal chaos?
Before this, Luo Zheng had thought of an alternative plan. That was to use the special characteristics of the Heavenly Demon God Fist that he cultivated in the past to give the energy of primal chaos the ability to swallow. But, the efficiency of swallowing true essence and transforming it into energy of primal chaos wasn't high. After all, compared to primal chaos, true essence was only a secondary energy.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's speed of breaking through to the Divine Transformation realm had lagged behind the other Dao Children.
But this time, the world tree had pierced through his inner world and extended its roots into the endless primal chaos. To Luo Zheng, this was the same as opening up a completely new path!
"It is said that the four divine trees of the Divine Realm can absorb the energy of primal chaos. Then, this world tree will also become a divine tree of my inner world!"

Chapter 1572
The martial artists couldn't help but calm down.
After entering the Valley of Time, the first thing the foreign martial artists did was go into seclusion. They wanted to consolidate the things they obtained in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
As for the Time Valley's Dragon Bird Clan, they were a clan that liked to be quiet.
This strange half-dragon half-human race was like a statue most of the time. They maintained the same posture for several days without saying a word. Only when there was a change in the Valley of Time would they pay attention.
"Pop!"
On this day, the heaven and earth origin energy in the sky above the Valley of Time suddenly began to shake violently. Then, there was an explosive sound.
The originally colorless and invisible heaven and earth origin energy turned into a pale yellow ring that constantly spread out. On the surface of this ring, there were diamond shaped patterns!
"Realm cloud, someone has stepped into the World Lord realm." A Dragon Bird Clan member looked up at the realm cloud and said indifferently.
In the Inner World of a warrior in the Third Transformation of the Demigod Realm, the boundary was very obscure and blurry. There was no obvious boundary line. However, after cultivating to the Sector Lord level, the Inner World would produce the power of the Demigod Realm. Then, there would be an obvious boundary in the Inner World, which would turn into a Boundless World.
And in the process of Realm Transformation, the martial artist would resonate with the heaven and earth origin energy to produce a realm cloud.
In the Valley of Time, one could see the birth of a realm cloud every once in a while. Many martial artists who entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement would strive to cultivate to the World Lord realm before leaving. Most of them would try to break through to the World Lord realm in the Valley of Time.
"This person's realm cloud can spread out to 20 miles. He seems to be a second-level life form." An elder of the Dragon Bird Clan stared at the realm cloud and commented.
The Dragon Bird Clan members could often see realm clouds. Through the extent of the realm cloud's spread, they could understand a martial artist's foundation and potential.
When a martial artist stepped into the World Lord realm, the realm cloud they condensed would spread out to three to five miles. In the Valley of Time, this kind of realm cloud was the most common. Most martial artists could only reach this level.
When some outstanding martial artists became World Lords, they would resonate with the heaven and earth origin energy and produce realm clouds that could spread out to seven to eight miles.
A small number of top martial artists could spread their realm clouds to 15 miles.
However, some geniuses in the Realm of the Gods could spread their realm clouds to 20 miles or even more when they broke through!
This kind of martial artist was extremely rare.
Even in the Valley of Time, only one would appear every few years.
Generally speaking, cultivators who could spread their Boundary Cloud to more than fifteen kilometers had a fifty percent chance of condensing a Godhead in the future. Although there were many ways to obtain a Godhead, such as through inheritance and seizing, condensing a Godhead on its own was the most suitable and the most precious.
If the boundary cloud spread out to twenty miles, such a martial artist would have an eighty percent chance of condensing a godhead. This probability was already quite high.
The key point was that this Realm Cloud actually came from a secondary life form, which was a bit shocking.
"I've already said that this batch of secondary creatures is very special. They must have received the help of a certain Saint to be qualified to condense them," said another Dragon Bird Clan Elder.
The "second-level living beings" that the elder was referring to were naturally Luo Zheng and his group of Daoists …
These people had a common characteristic. They were all second-level creatures, and the Dragon Bird Clan's prophets had personally arranged for them to cultivate in seclusion in the cave on the highest level. The Dragon Bird Clan had never seen such treatment before, so they thought that these people must have extraordinary origins.
Naturally, they didn't know that these Daoists were originally arranged by the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
The World Cloud in the sky did not disperse for a long time. It continued to revolve in the sky, and in a cave at the top of the Time Valley, a handsome youth walked out of the cave. This person was Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
He looked at the Realm Cloud slowly spreading in the sky, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. "Father is right. When breaking through to the Realm Lord realm, the Realm Cloud produced by the Realm Transformation power can reach twenty miles! This can be considered the greatest in the universe! "
The martial artists who could enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement were all extremely outstanding. Even in the Valley of Time, it was rare for a twenty mile Realm Cloud to appear. As for the Great Evolution Universe, the largest Realm Cloud produced in this era was only fourteen miles! Xuanyuan Chenfeng had far surpassed this result.
"It seems that I'm also the first to break through to the Realm Lord realm! I wonder when Luo Zheng entered the Divine Transformation Realm? " He had only left the cave when he entered the Divine Transformation Realm, so he naturally didn't know the situation of the other Daoists in seclusion.
However, this sort of information was easy to find out. As he learned that Luo Zheng had spent five months to step into the Divine Transformation realm, he revealed a gloating expression. Luo Zheng's speed was far slower than his own by more than a tiny bit!
It seemed that whether or not Luo Zheng could break through to the Realm Lord realm was a problem …
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng broke through to the Realm Lord realm, he didn't choose to go into seclusion. Instead, he waited for the other Daoists in the Valley of Time. Half a month later, the Valley of Time began to shake once more.
The Realm Transformation power resonated with heaven and earth origin energy, creating a Realm Cloud that constantly spread out in all directions!
"This Realm Cloud is spreading out too quickly!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyebrows shot up. He had just created an inconceivable result, so he naturally didn't want to be surpassed by others in half a month!
As the Realm Cloud continued to spread out, its diameter also began to lengthen.
Three miles …
Five miles …
Ten miles …
Fifteen miles …
Seeing the Realm Cloud grow larger and larger, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's forehead wrinkled.
The Realm Cloud kept spreading out at a relatively fast speed, which meant that the Realm Cloud would continue to expand!
Eighteen miles …
Nineteen miles …
Twenty miles!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng stared at the Realm Cloud and whispered, "Stop for me!"
The Realm Cloud naturally wouldn't move according to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's will. In fact, as soon as he finished speaking, the Realm Cloud had already surpassed Xuanyuan Chenfeng and spread out to a distance of twenty-two miles!
Seeing this, the Dragon Bird clansmen looked at each other in dismay. Previously, a Realm Cloud of twenty miles had appeared. They didn't expect that in just half a month, someone would create a Realm Cloud of twenty-two miles.
"Twenty-two miles … I don't remember the last time I saw a Realm Cloud of this distance." This time, it was the Dragon Bird clan's patriarch who spoke.
The Dragon Bird clan originally had various guesses about the identity of Luo Zheng and the other Daoists. Now, they felt that it was extremely strange. Could it be that all nine of them could break through twenty miles?
Xuanyuan Chenfeng stared at the cave at the top of the valley. He didn't know that the Realm Cloud was created by Realm Transformation power, but the one he didn't want to see the most was Luo Zheng! At this moment, he naturally paid close attention.
After a while, he saw Hua Tianming carrying his long sword and walking out of the cave. Only then did Xuanyuan Chenfeng slowly let out a sigh of relief in his heart.
Hua Tianming stepped into the Realm Lord realm and created a Realm Cloud that surpassed him. Xuanyuan Chenfeng was quite surprised.
However, he would rather be surpassed by Hua Tianming than be surpassed by Luo Zheng. After all, ever since he participated in the Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng had given him the biggest blow. Although he reconciled with Luo Zheng and was even saved by Luo Zheng, there was still a gap in his heart.
At this moment, nine months had passed in the last year. There were only three months left.
After Hua Tianming broke through to the Realm Lord realm, in the following month, no one broke through to the Realm Lord realm. However, in the eleventh month, Ku Deng and Ji Luoxue broke through to the Realm Lord realm on the same day and at the same time!
Under the influence of two Realm Transformation powers, two Realm Clouds appeared in the sky.
Ku Deng's Realm Cloud spread out to sixteen li while Ji Luoxue's Realm Cloud spread out to eighteen li. This result was extremely outstanding even in the entire Divine Realm. However, compared to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Realm Cloud of twenty li and Hua Tianming's Realm Cloud of twenty li, there was still a considerable gap.
The four gathered together and continued to wait for the rest to come out.
Two days later, Luo Xi Xuan broke through and created a Realm Cloud of seventeen li. Then Jiang Zheng Yi and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, and finally Lie Qian Han …
Their Realm Clouds were all above fifteen li. Below twenty li, no one could go beyond twenty li.
Under the influence of curiosity, the Dragon Bird clan also paid close attention to this group of people. In the past, if a Realm Lord could create a Realm Cloud of fifteen li, it was already very outstanding. They didn't expect that this group of people would not be easy to deal with.
"I originally thought that there would be another Realm Lord above twenty li, but I didn't expect that the next few people would be a bit weaker," the Dragon Bird clan's patriarch said lightly.
"Looking at the nine people's cultivation, the cultivator who broke through first would have a much higher comprehension. It's normal for the people who came out later to be weaker than the first two," the Dragon Bird clan's elder replied.
The clan leader nodded. This analysis was also reasonable. Being able to break through faster than others was also a manifestation of one's talent. The realm clouds would naturally spread out even wider.
"It seems that the last person in this group should not exceed twenty li," the patriarch said as he stared at the cave.
The last person he mentioned was naturally Luo Zheng, who was still in seclusion in the cave. At this moment, Luo Zheng was still cultivating with his eyes closed.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1573
The Time Valley's cave was completely sealed off. Luo Zheng was completely unaware of the outside world from within the cave.
All these years, he had been using his Inner Body Incarnation to cultivate the entire world within his body.
Most of the time, martial artists didn't need to interfere with their own Inner World. Those creatures would naturally form an ecological chain and thrive within it.
Only in a harsh environment could powerful creatures be born. If Luo Zheng interfered too much and gave too much, then the creatures within his Inner World would become extremely weak. Even their reproduction speed would constantly decline.
Ever since the roots of the World Tree extended into the Primal Chaos, Luo Zheng had been able to continuously extract Primal Chaos Qi through the World Tree. This was extremely beneficial to him …
The Primal Chaos Sea was constantly expanding. The Central Continent's surface area was unknowingly evolving. The time within his Inner World was also rapidly moving forward …
The situation within the continent was also beginning to become complicated.
The Mighty Clan and the Teng Clan had already become the past of the previous era, becoming a mark and legend in history.
The Queen of the Teng Clan that Luo Zheng had saved in his Inner World left behind a glorious Divine Kingdom. This Divine Kingdom was later divided into three, becoming the Three Great Divine Kingdoms of the continent.
As for the Mighty Clan, after being divided, they formed various Holy Lands. Moreover, in one of these Holy Lands, the first Divine Sea Realm martial artist was born!
"Hualala …"
The edge of Luo Zheng's Inner World was still in a state of obscurity.
Some intelligent sea creatures were curious about the edge of this Inner World. They constantly swam forward along the Primal Chaos Sea.
At this moment, a strange phenomenon occurred. No matter how long these sea creatures swam, it seemed as if they would never reach the end. It seemed as if the Primal Chaos Sea was truly boundless.
But as soon as they turned around, they would return to their starting point in an instant. It was as if the edge of this Inner World was the edge of an endless cycle.
Luo Zheng wasn't the only one experiencing this situation. The same was true for the Inner Worlds of other martial artists who focused on cultivation.
But this time, the situation was different. A group of sea creatures swam along the edge of the Primal Chaos Sea and felt a vigorous force descend upon them.
Violent storms began to rise in the Primal Chaos Sea. These storms were like a hundred thousand zhang tall wall that appeared in the sea.
At first, the group of sea creatures were extremely terrified. Soon, although the storm was intense, it only stopped at the edge of the Chaos Sea.
A few months later, the storm vanished, and a grayish-brown screen of light began to condense at the edge of the Primal Chaos Sea. The screen of light began to madly absorb the Primal Chaos Qi in the sea!
"Realm Transformation!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng had also reached a critical juncture. Sitting upright in the cave, Luo Zheng placed his hands on his Dantian, his eyes radiating vigor.
The Secret Skills of Primal Chaos was just a guideline to guide him. Luo Zheng had reached this stage by relying on his own exploration and comprehension.
Now was the most crucial step, to break through to the Sector Lord Realm!
The light screen at the edge of the Chaos Sea was still very weak. Under the impact of the tide, some parts of the light screen were even damaged and cracked.
Fortunately, after the light barrier absorbed the Primal Chaos Qi, it continued to release the power of the World Transformation Realm to repair the damage and the cracks.
At this moment, there was still half a month left before Saint Jiu's one year deadline.
The seven Dao Children had already left the cave and were waiting for Luo Zheng to come out of seclusion in the Time Valley. Although the faint fragrance in the Time Valley could calm a warrior's heart, the seven of them couldn't help but have anxious expressions.
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng had a trace of worry on his face. After all, the seven of them had gone through the training in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They had all reached the Sector Lord Realm and obtained many inheritances from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Whether it was their strength or mental state, they had undergone tremendous changes.
However, only Luo Zheng hadn't broken through yet.
Perhaps Xuanyuan Chenfeng wasn't willing to admit the fact that Luo Zheng was the leader of the ten Dao Children. This trip to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement had taken three years, but Luo Zheng had fallen to the last place. No matter what, it wasn't justifiable.
"Half a month. Magnifying it by eighty times, there are still three years left! Actually, there's no need to be so anxious! " Ji Luoxue smiled. Three of the seven Dao Children had entered the Yuanhe Clan to cultivate, and Ji Luoxue was one of them.
The Yuanhe Clan's Heart Refining Pagoda could train a warrior's mental state. The current Ji Luoxue exuded an additional trace of elegance and calmness, making her seem even more lovely and moving.
"However, Luo Zheng hasn't broken through yet. It's most likely that he's encountered some trouble. Perhaps there are shackles that he can't surpass," Xuanyuan Chenfeng retorted.
Hua Tianming's expression was indifferent …
Among the seven of them, he was probably the one who understood Luo Zheng the most.
During this trip to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Saint Jiu had spent the most effort on two people. One was him, and the other was Luo Zheng. However, Hua Tianming also understood that he was far less important than Luo Zheng.
In his eyes, there was no need to doubt that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Sector Lord Realm. He wasn't worried at all.
Other than worrying about Luo Zheng, the Dao Children were also concerned about the war in the universe.
These Dao Children all had extraordinary backgrounds. Their closest relatives or teachers were all supreme experts in the universe. When the Sacred Race invaded the universe, these supreme experts would inevitably be involved in the war. They were in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but they couldn't understand the situation in the universe. Naturally, they were worried.
Fifteen days …
Fourteen days …
Thirteen days …
When they were cultivating in seclusion, they felt that time was passing too slowly. Outside the cave, they felt that time was flying. Half a month passed in the blink of an eye.
Five days …
Three days …
On the third to last day of the trial.
A strange phenomenon finally appeared above the Time Valley!
The Qi of Heaven and Earth began to fluctuate violently …
"He broke through!" Ji Luoxue's phoenix eyes revealed a trace of excitement.
"Amitabha, it's indeed the power of the Transformation Realm that caused the resonance. Luo Zheng succeeded in the end." Ku Deng nodded lightly, revealing a gratified expression.
At this moment, it wasn't just the seven Dao Children who were paying attention to Luo Zheng …
The Dragon Bird Clan was also paying close attention. Although they didn't think highly of the person who had broken through last, they were curious about how large the Realm Cloud would be.
In addition to the Dragon Bird Clan, there was another pair of eyes watching this scene from an extremely high place in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. This person was Saint Jiu.
"This little guy cultivates chaos energy, which should be the embryonic form of the Divine Realm. Then Luo Zheng's breakthrough is equivalent to transforming the Divine Realm. I wonder how much energy of heaven and earth he'll attract?" Saint Jiu thought to himself.
He didn't summon his internal incarnation. Instead, he used internal vision to spy on Luo Zheng.
"Pop!"
At this moment, everyone saw a rumble come from above the Time Valley!
When the rumble sounded, it resonated with the energy of heaven and earth. A ring-shaped Realm Cloud appeared in the sky and began to spread outwards.
To be honest, the Realm Cloud didn't spread very quickly. Not to mention Hua Tianming and Xuanyuan Chenfeng, it was much slower than Lie Qianhan and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
However, when the seven Dao Children and the Dragon Bird Clan saw the Realm Cloud, their faces were still filled with shock!
Realm Clouds formed by the energy of heaven and earth were generally light yellow. From Xuanyuan Chenfeng to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, they were all like this. However, Luo Zheng's Realm Cloud was different. It was grayish-brown!
"What's with Luo Zheng's Realm Cloud? The color is so strange," Jiang Zhengyi asked, puzzled.
"Why does Realm Cloud have different colors?" Lie Qianhan also asked, puzzled.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng stared at the slowly spreading ring with a complicated expression. "It's said that when a martial artist with the Extreme Purple Yin Body cultivates to the Realm Lord realm, the Realm Cloud they spread out will be slightly different. The Realm Cloud is light purple … but what's with Luo Zheng's grayish-brown Realm Cloud?"
In contrast, the Dragon Bird Clan was even more shocked!
There were many martial artists who had stepped into the Realm Lord realm in the Time Valley. The Dragon Bird Clan's research on Realm Clouds was much more profound than the other clans.
"How can there be someone in this world who has such a strange Realm Cloud?"
"What cultivation technique is this kid cultivating? The commotion is not small!"

Chapter 1574
When a martial artist became a Realm Lord, they would draw a solid boundary for their inner world. It was like a country drawing a boundary for itself.
The Realm Cloud was a layer of clouds formed when one broke through to the Realm Lord realm and resonated with the world's origin energy. It contained a trace of the mysteries of the world's evolution and also recorded a trace of the martial artist's comprehension of the Divine Dao.
Martial artists also recognized the Realm Cloud as a measure of a Realm Lord's potential and strength.
The Realm Cloud that Luo Zheng had stirred up was not just a matter of color. As the layer of clouds continued to tumble, it emitted an extremely obscure aura, and the patterns contained within the Realm Cloud seemed to contain a profound mystery within them!
The martial artists present were unable to decipher this mystery, but everyone's gaze was firmly attracted by the Realm Cloud.
Facing the mystery released by the Realm Cloud, their eyes were very serious at first, but gradually they became confused. They comprehended everything, but they also didn't seem to comprehend anything.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng became a Realm Lord, the Realm Cloud he released contained a bit of rhombus-shaped patterns. This was the symbol of the Divine Dao of Truth. If a Dao Child also cultivated the Divine Dao of Truth, they would be able to comprehend Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Realm Cloud.
When Ji Luoxue became a Realm Lord, the Five Element Growth Rings appeared in the Realm Cloud. These were patterns that only those who cultivated the Five Element Divine Dao would have …
However, the patterns in Luo Zheng's Realm Cloud were not regular. They were constantly changing, as if they were a mixture of the three thousand Great Daos of the world, but there also seemed to be nothing!
High up in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Saint Jiu was also silently watching the Realm Cloud Luo Zheng summoned. His eyes revealed an expression of disbelief.
The creatures in the Valley of Time were attracted by this ring of World Clouds because there was an unknown mystery hidden within. They couldn't decipher it, and although they didn't understand it, they were still stunned … ….
However, Saint Jiu was a true Saint. It was just that the universe he created was a bit special.
Before he became a Saint, Saint Jiu had seen something similar!
"Divine Dao General Outline … very similar, very similar!"
The so-called Divine Dao General Outline wasn't actually a book, but rather a mass of rolling brown mist. It was very similar to the Realm Cloud that Luo Zheng was summoning at this moment!
The 3,000 Divine Daos that were cultivated in the entire Divine Realm all came from this Divine Dao General Outline!
However, Luo Zheng's World Cloud still couldn't compare with the true Shinto Overarching Principles. The complexity of the Shinto Overarching Principles was far beyond the imagination of ordinary people!
If an ordinary living being accidentally saw the Divine Dao General Outline, their soul would instantly explode!
Because the information contained in the Divine Dao General Outline was too enormous, and the information that involved the origin poured into his mind like a flood. It was simply irresistible.
If one's soul wasn't strong enough, one could imagine the outcome.
Even an ordinary True Divinity would have to be extremely cautious when facing the Divine Dao General Outline. If they weren't careful, their soul would be severely injured. Of course, let alone a True Divinity, even a Saint would have to be extremely lucky in order to see it. This Divine Dao General Outline was an extremely rare opportunity in the Realm of the Gods. Ever since Saint Jiu had become a Saint, he had only seen it once!
And his Great Soul Subduing Technique had been cultivated through the Divine Dao General Outline.
In Saint Jiu's eyes, the profound principles contained in Luo Zheng's World Cloud were extremely shallow, but they had already begun to take shape. As Luo Zheng's cultivation continued to increase, they would become increasingly perfect!
"It looks like Gu Bei's idea was correct. If this boy is allowed to continue growing, he might really be able to open up a new Realm of the Gods. It all depends on whether or not Luo Xiao can last until that day …"
During this year, the nine Dao Children had all been in closed-door cultivation. They didn't know the situation in the Realm of the Gods, but Saint Jiu's information was naturally incomparably fast.
The Realm of the Great Expansion that Luo Xiao had constructed wasn't optimistic at all …
However, these Dao Children were all in closed-door cultivation, so Saint Jiu wouldn't tell this negative news to Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming. This would only increase the pressure on them and wouldn't do them any good.
When the brown World Cloud spread out, the speed at which it spread was far slower than the others, but the World Cloud was extremely solid and didn't dissipate that easily. Instead, it spread out in all directions at an incomparably steady speed.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's World Cloud had spread out to a range of ten kilometers, but it had only taken half an incense stick's worth of time before the World Cloud had dissipated.
But now, an hour had passed, and Luo Zheng's World Cloud had only spread out to a range of two and a half kilometers. Moreover, the speed at which it spread out had greatly slowed down. The power of the World Transformation seemed to be showing signs of exhaustion.
"Only a range of two and a half kilometers?" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao smacked her lips and said.
She worshipped Luo Zheng greatly, but under the resonance of their World Transformation Powers, all of them had spread out to a range of fifteen kilometers, while Luo Zheng's World Transformation Powers hadn't even reached a third of their World Transformation Powers. This gap was rather large.
"Hmph, so what if it's only two and a half kilometers? Can't you see what's hidden in Luo Zheng's World Cloud? I don't think you can understand it either! "Upon hearing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's words, Ji Luoxue was very unhappy and said sarcastically.
"As if you can understand it …" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao replied unconvinced.
"You …" Ji Luoxue was choked by this sentence.
The size of the World Cloud's World Transformation Powers depended on the strength of the World Transformation Powers. The larger the Great Wide World in the Dantian, the stronger the World Transformation Powers would be. When others saw this scene, they could also conclude that Luo Zheng's Great Wide World was relatively small.
Of course, this was because it was compared to the few Daoists in the universe.
In fact, the World Cloud produced by a normal Realm Master originally only had a range of three to five kilometers. It was only because this group of Daoists had all kinds of monstrous talents that Luo Zheng's mediocrity was highlighted.
When the World Cloud had spread out to a range of six kilometers, it was already in a completely immobile state.
However, the looks in everyone's eyes became even stranger.
After the World Cloud stabilized, it would dissipate completely in a short period of time. However, no one was like Luo Zheng, who still tenaciously floated in the sky after it stopped spreading.
Luo Zheng was still sitting upright in the cave, completely meditating.
A layer of light screen at the border of the Chaotic Ocean gradually stabilized, forming a huge circle that enclosed the Chaotic Ocean and the Central Continent.
When ordinary warriors reached this step, their Great Wide World would have already taken shape.
However, the barrier of light at the edge of the Chaotic Sea continued to absorb the chaotic aura. At the same time, it seemed to be brewing something. During this process, tiny strands of World-transformation Force constantly appeared in the barrier of light. It was this World-transformation Force that maintained the ring of clouds above the Time Valley, preventing them from dispersing.
The light screen's demand for Chaotic Qi was extremely high. The Chaotic Ocean surged towards the light screen in all directions. Under the constant absorption, the coastline at the edge of the Central Continent within Luo Zheng's body also began to drop. This even attracted the attention of the Human Race on the continent. In Luo Zheng's inner world, some Human Race warriors on the coast were also curious. Why was the water level of the Chaotic Ocean dropping so quickly?
The World Cloud floated in the sky for a full six hours …
Converted to the time Luo Zheng had spent in the cave, it was 240 hours, 120 days!
120 days later, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. The light screen in his inner world suddenly began to roll out rays of light, and then an extremely strong World Transformation Powers gushed out!
"Is this the complete formation?"
After the rays of light disappeared, Luo Zheng looked at the mutated light screen. His mouth was wide open, and his eyes revealed an expression of disbelief.
As for the strong World Transformation Powers that gushed out, it was like a ferocious beast that had been released from its cage, resonating strongly with the World Origin Qi at the peak of the Time Valley!
"Zi ~"
Under this resonance, there was even a sharp cry!
It was as if someone had suddenly thrown a large stone into the water, causing huge ripples to splash out. The originally stagnant brown Realm Cloud rapidly expanded in all directions at this moment.

Chapter 1576
The boundary wall surrounded the entire Primal Chaos Sea, forming a circular "wall" that surrounded Luo Zheng's inner world …
Every set distance, a golden Sanskrit character would be embedded on the boundary wall.
If a living being wandered to the edge of the Primal Chaos Sea, they would see a golden belt of light embedded at the end of this world.
When all the golden Sanskrit characters were in place, Luo Zheng's inner world could be considered to have truly stabilized, and he could be considered to have truly stepped into the ranks of Realm Lords!
As for the Forbidden Land of God Refinement …
Countless martial artists witnessed a miraculous scene today.
Because this world was built into a huge cave, the space inside was not open. There were no clouds inside, so naturally, there was no rain or snow.
But today, the natives of the forbidden land saw the existence of "clouds" for the first time.
The birth of every golden Sanskrit character could stimulate a ring of boundary clouds to spread out. When they overlapped, they were like rings of flowers in the sky, creating a spectacular scene.
The living beings outside the Time Valley didn't recognize that these were "boundary clouds".
Although some people were suspicious when they saw these things that were similar to boundary clouds, there couldn't be so many of them, and the range couldn't be so wide. The largest ring of boundary clouds had already circled around the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
As for the martial artists in the Time Valley, they were speechless.
Even the two Dragon Bird clansmen who were quarreling before were now staring at each other. They were completely unable to evaluate the boundary clouds in the sky. They even started to doubt whether boundary clouds could really be used as a benchmark to measure Realm Lords.
If they could, then what was going on with so many boundary clouds in front of them …
Not long after, the cave Luo Zheng was in finally opened, and a figure shot out from within. He hovered above the Time Valley for a moment, and with a sweep of his gaze, he saw Hua Tianming and the others. His body suddenly floated down and landed in front of them.
"Luo Zheng, congratulations," Ji Luoxue said with a bright smile.
"You've finally broken through to Realm Lord. Brother Luo Zheng, you're the last one!" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao said with a smile.
Three days before the deadline, the last Dao Child had also stepped into the Sector Lord Realm. Their goal in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement had basically been achieved. The Dao Children naturally congratulated Luo Zheng.
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he stared blankly for quite a while before going over to congratulate him … He had already been stimulated by Luo Zheng in this way several times, but clearly, he still hadn't adapted to this feeling. Thinking about it, he was still worried whether Luo Zheng's boundary cloud could break through 20 li. If Luo Zheng surpassed him and reached 30 li, or even 40 or 50 li, Xuanyuan Chenfeng would still be able to accept it!
But in the end, such a ridiculous result had appeared. He couldn't understand it at all. This guy was always able to subvert his worldview at the right time. It was simply too much.
Hua Tianming greeted him with a smile. "The commotion caused by Brother Luo Zheng is probably comparable to that of a Saint."
Luo Zheng stared blankly. "What do you mean, Brother Tianming?"
"It's said that when a Saint steps into the Saint Realm, the Wall of Sighs that forms the universe will also trigger a large amount of boundary energy. At that time, the boundary cloud will also be drawn out. I'm afraid it's just as majestic, but I think it's nothing more than that, right?" Hua Tianming said with a smile.
As one's cultivation increased, the number of boundaries in one's inner world would increase, and the range would also increase. In the end, it would form a standard universe.
For example, the "Universe of Great Expansion" was a standard universe. It was divided into the Great Thousand World and the Great World. There were also a few subsidiary planes, such as the Extreme Purple Realm or the True Dragon Realm.
At the same time, there were also some non-standard universes. The Forbidden Land of God Refinement that everyone was in was an example.
Just as he finished speaking, an old man's voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears. "Hehe, Luo Zheng's boundary energy is indeed far beyond ordinary people, but in the end, it still can't compare to a Saint's universe. However, Luo Zheng is indeed exceptionally shocking. Truly unexpected!"
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were very familiar with this voice. Luo Xi Xuan's expression was also calm when she heard this voice. The three of them had all seen Saint Jiu before, so they naturally remembered this voice. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, Ji Luoxue, and the others had never seen Saint Jiu's true eyes. They didn't even know this person existed. Saint Jiu had guided their cultivation several times, and he had also secretly asked his spokesperson, the Prophet of the Six Great Cultivation Holy Lands, to act. He himself had never shown up.
"Who is it?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng asked coldly.
Ji Luoxue and the others also looked around, revealing bewildered expressions …
They had just become Realm Masters and had a new keen perception of this world. The person who had spoken seemed to be right next to them, but they hadn't sensed him at all. Naturally, they were very vigilant.
"Hehe." Saint Jiu didn't answer their questions.
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming also didn't explain anything. Saint Jiu's appearance now meant that he had his own plans.
Not long after, someone from the Dragon Bird Clan appeared and invited the nine Dao Children to meet the Dragon Bird Clan's Prophet.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others were vigilant and originally refused, but Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Luo Xi Xuan expressed that there was no problem, so the Dao Children were persuaded to meet the "Prophet" together.
Inside the tent, there was a cup of green tea in front of each of the nine Dao Children, emitting a lingering tea fragrance.
When Ji Luoxue and the others understood that the old man in front of them was the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they suddenly understood everything they had experienced in the past three years. Almost all the good luck they had in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement had been given to them by this person!
In front of such a Saint, even the most arrogant Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't have a trace of arrogance. His previous pride came from his own talent and family background. He didn't know Luo Zheng's background. No matter how amazing Luo Zheng's talent was, his background and background were far inferior to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's. After all, his father was one of the top Celestial Venerables in the universe …
But in front of this old man, his father, the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin, was nothing. The old man was a Saint. He couldn't even begin to imagine the true power of a Saint and his status in the universe. It was said that it was extremely difficult for ordinary True Gods to even meet him.
After exchanging some pleasantries, Saint Jiu calmly said, "Three years have passed. It's time for you to return to the Great Yan Universe."
In these past three years, they had been worried about their families, their loved ones, and the situation in the universe.
They didn't have a good channel to understand the problems in the universe, so they were naturally worried. Hearing Saint Jiu's announcement, Ji Luoxue was the first to ask, "Saint, what is the situation in the Great Yan Universe?"
"The situation is not good. It is said that the human race has already lost three Celestial Venerables," Saint Jiu replied.
Saint Jiu hadn't been to the Great Yan Universe. In this delicate period of time, it was impossible for him to enter the Great Yan Universe. He could only help Luo Zheng and the others in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
If Saint Jiu could freely enter and exit the Realm of the Gods, Luo Xiao wouldn't have to go through so much trouble to raise these Dao Children.
In order to raise a successor, Luo Xiao only needed one Luo Zheng.
Saint Jiu's information had been gathered from the Realm of the Gods. The war between the Great Yan Universe and the Great Yan Universe had also received attention in the Realm of the Gods. The Sacred Halls had also constantly spread the news, so it wasn't difficult to obtain this information.
More than two years had passed since the Sacred Race had declared war …
The speed at which the Sacred Race had expanded had already surpassed many people's imaginations. The most crucial point was that the Demon Night Clan had sent troops to assist the Sacred Race!
Because of the Demon Night Clan's participation, many human factions had been attacked from both sides!
"I haven't obtained any specific information. After all, this is a matter between Mu Haiji and Luo Xiao. The other Saints have no reason to interfere, so I can't attack Mu Haiji right now." Saint Jiu was a member of the Sacred Halls, and Luo Xiao had also been one in the past. Now that Luo Xiao was on the verge of death, Saint Jiu couldn't drag himself into this.
"Then what should we do?" Lie Qianhan anxiously asked. The human race originally only had ten or twenty Celestial Venerables. He was afraid that the Lie Family Ancestor had died.

Chapter 1577
In Saint Jiu's opinion, the probability of these Daoists condensing Godhood in a short period of time was simply too low …
The heavy burden of saving the Great Evolution Universe still fell on Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Luo Xi Xuan.
Before Luo Xiao's incarnation disappeared, Luo Zheng was the most important person in his plans. He had chosen a Vast Thousand Realms, arranged everything in the Vast Thousand Realms, and then created the Luo Family. He had planned a path for Luo Zheng's growth, and even poured in his father-son relationship.
As for Hua Tianming and Luo Xi Xuan, Luo Xiao had also spent a lot of effort on them. At the very least, they had grasped things that ordinary martial artists did not have to a certain extent. For example, Hua Tianming had a portion of the Weapon Grandmaster's inheritance, while Luo Xi Xuan had the inheritance of "transcending life forms".
If the three of them occupied the first three positions, then Xuanyuan Chenfeng's importance was ranked fourth. After all, the Xuanyuan Family was once the strongest among Luo Xiao's disciples.
"Saint Jiu, why haven't I seen Xi Youqin?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Ever since entering the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng had been somewhat worried about Xi Youqin. Although she was not weak, her temper would often attract a lot of trouble …
Saint Jiu's face revealed a trace of helplessness. "Xi Youqin is still somewhere in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement."
"What happened to her?" Luo Zheng noticed the Saint's expression and asked with concern.
Saint Jiu was a genuine Saint. Ordinary questions would not cause him to reveal such an expression. It seemed that Xi Youqin had indeed caused him quite a bit of trouble …
"Hehe, it doesn't count …"
The ten Daoists selected by Luo Xiao each had their own roles. Luo Zheng was the main character of his life, an indispensable existence. Hua Tianming was the assassin, the one who could disregard everything and deliver the most fatal blow. Luo Xi Xuan had other uses.
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he was Luo Zheng's candidate!
No matter how meticulous Luo Xiao's plan was, when it was executed, there would always be some accidents. If Luo Zheng fell, then the one to replace Luo Zheng would be Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
Of course, Luo Xiao did not reveal the division of responsibilities of these Daoists to the people of the Grand Evolution Universe. Even his disciple, Xingwei, did not know. Only Saint Jiu and Gu Bei knew.
If this news were to spread to his disciples in advance, then for the sake of his son, the Lord of Original Sin would do everything possible to kill Luo Zheng so that Xuanyuan Chenfeng could replace Luo Zheng.
Among the ten Daoists, Xi Youqin's role was the most special. According to Luo Xiao's request, Sage Jiu had to help Xi Youqin cultivate to the Realm Lord level. At the same time, he had to help Xi Youqin construct the Extreme Purple Realm within her body. However, he had yet to succeed.
The biggest reason was that Xi Youqin did not cooperate …
As a dignified Great Saint, he could not even handle a little girl. Sage Jiu felt that he had lost face. Sometimes, he could not help but want to directly seize Xi Youqin's soul and tamper with her memories. However, in the end, he restrained himself.
Xi Youqin's personality was incomparably stubborn. When she had gone to the Extreme Purple Realm, Indefinite Old Man had taken great care of her and guided her to stimulate her potential. How could Sage Jiu be in the mood to coax her?
"But it doesn't matter. Soon, I will send her back to the Grand Evolution Universe. There is no need to worry," Sage Jiu replied.
With Sage Jiu's promise, Luo Zheng no longer bothered with this issue.
The Daoists were also anxious to return. They were also worried about the situation in the Grand Evolution Universe …
Before sending off the Daoists, Sage Jiu said with a serious expression, "Sage Jiu has poured countless efforts into the ten of you. In theory, each of you has the qualifications to become a True God. It is only a matter of time. In the Realm of the Gods, even the children of Saints may not receive such treatment. If you can help the Grand Evolution Universe survive this crisis, in the future … we will meet again in the Realm of the Gods!"
When the Daoists saw Sage Jiu's serious expression, they all nodded in unison.
The Demi-Immortal Clan had prepared for a long time to enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement from the Grand Evolution Universe. However, for Sage Jiu, this was a piece of cake.
…
…
In the Grand Evolution Universe …
A bright yellow crack appeared in the sky, as if a monster had opened its mouth in the void.
A figure suddenly flashed through the crack and plunged downwards!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng heavily smashed into a tall mountain.
His body was like a giant axe. When he smashed down, he directly split the tall mountain. His entire body left a 300-meter-wide crack on the mountain's surface before sinking deep into the ground.
It was currently raining. The rainstorm, which carried a trace of a fishy smell, poured into the mountain from all directions. It instantly turned into an underground lake and submerged Luo Zheng.
"Huala!"
Luo Zheng's figure burst out from the lake and quickly returned to the ground. When he raised his head, his eyes revealed a trace of astonishment.
Which great world did he enter? The clouds in the sky were actually blood-red, as if they were formed by the convergence of countless amounts of blood. The distant mountains and plains were also blood-red, as if they had been soaked in blood.
The last time he had been transported to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he had also been transported to a strange place of birth. He didn't expect that his return this time wouldn't go smoothly either …
No, entering that nameless place of birth in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was deliberately done by Sage Jiu. This time, Sage Jiu had personally transported him back, so there was no reason for him to leave him in an inexplicable place.
It seemed that an accident had occurred somewhere to cause such a deviation.
He stretched out his finger and caught a drop of bright red rain. He brought the raindrop to his nose and sniffed it. A familiar smell of blood wafted over.
"It's the smell of human blood," Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he frowned.
The situation in the universe seemed to be worse than he had imagined. He didn't know which great world he had fallen into.
Just as this question arose in his mind, a battleship shot through the torrential rain not too far away. This battleship was pitch black and its surface was covered in sharp spikes. From time to time, one could even hear the sound of thunder surging from the battleship. This battleship was directly heading towards Luo Zheng, clearly having discovered the disturbance here.
Luo Zheng simply floated in the air, motionless. He didn't know which great force this battleship belonged to, but no matter which great force it belonged to, Luo Zheng had a way to obtain some information, so at this moment he was waiting for the battleship to approach.
His guess was correct.
This battleship had indeed noticed the violent disturbance caused by Luo Zheng's teleportation and had come to investigate.
And this battleship belonged to the Sacred Race.
"The blood of these humans is really stinking. I wonder how long Sir will be able to last," the leading Sacred Race cultivator grumbled.
"It's enough to just crush these little ants to death. Why did he have to spill their blood all over the sky? Just looking at it makes one panic …"
"Don't complain. Sir must have his reasons for doing this!"
"What happened just now? Why did he split apart this mountain in front of us?"
Although something unexpected had occurred here, the several Sacred Race cultivators weren't too vigilant. After all, ever since the saints stepped into the Great Expansion Universe, they had been unstoppable. No one had been able to stop their footsteps. In front of the powerful saints, the several great human influences had no ability to resist at all!
The saints had easily swept through the entire universe. From the start of the war until now, they had never lost a single battle!
"There's a human!"
"Hehe, is that human an idiot? He doesn't even know how to run away. When did the humans become so obedient? "
Several Sacred Race martial artists laughed.
One of the saint martial artists sized up Luo Zheng. This saint martial artist was a bit cautious. "Everyone be careful. That fellow … seems to be a World Lord!"
The saints on this black battleship all had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation. Facing a World Lord was a bit difficult.
"How is this possible!? There's a World Lord that dares to enter this place? "A saint martial artist asked, puzzled.
The great world they were in had already been occupied by the saints. If a human World Lord were to enter this place, that would be the same as sending themselves to their deaths. The several saint martial artists glanced at each other in dismay.
But they didn't fear Luo Zheng at all. From top to bottom, the entire saint race had already lost all sense of awe towards humans.
"Perhaps it's another one that defected?"
In these past three years, from Empyreans to World Lords to ordinary martial artists, the human race had been forced back again and again. Now, there were already several hundred World Lords in the Grand Evolution Universe who had chosen to 'defect', betraying their own race and joining the saints …

Chapter 1579
Luo Zheng still raised his hand, maintaining his previous posture.
The remaining six Saint Race cultivators all stared at Luo Zheng in amazement …
The Saint Race was like a hot knife through butter in the Great Evolution Universe. The human race didn't dare to confront them head-on, and the few times they did encounter them they were defeated. Moreover, this team of theirs had killed a human World Lord before!
In this seven-person team, three of them were proficient in Soul Type attacks, which were the "Yuan Spirit Heart Demons" they had released before. The other three used the "Holy Demon Shackles" to completely bind their opponents, while the last person, who was the leader of this team, used the "Saint Qi Single Slash" to kill his opponent.
In the Saint Race's teams, there were generally seven people in a team, but when the seven of them worked together, their combat strength far surpassed those of the same realm.
This series of methods was used against masters, but if they were facing cultivators of the same realm or a large number of low level cultivators, the seven of them would naturally use a different set of tactics!
The "Elemental Spirit Heart Devil" released by the three of them together was not easy to resist. This was not a pure soul attack, but a soul attack that was mixed with some kind of emotion. It could suppress the opponent's soul and also shake the opponent's mind.
Even if a World Lord's soul was powerful and their mind was stable, their mind would still go blank for a short period of time and they would be unable to resist.
If it were the Luo Zheng from before he entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he would likely be greatly affected.
Just like when he cultivated the Yi God Sword and comprehended the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng was unable to withstand the massive amount of Infernal Qi and his entire being would become violent and bloodthirsty …
But the Yuan He Clan's Heart Refining Pagoda was no trivial matter. Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts seemed to be plated with a layer of iron, so how could he be so easily affected?
So when Luo Zheng reacted and counterattacked, he easily killed one of the Saint Race cultivators!
The several Saint Race cultivators were still in a daze, obviously unable to react to the fact that their teammate had been killed.
Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face. In the eyes of others, this smile was very warm, as if he were a polite gentleman, but in the eyes of these Saint Race cultivators, Luo Zheng's image was as terrifying as a demon! That smile was filled with malice.
It had been a long time since the Sacred Race felt this fear. They had never faced a race that could surpass them …
Seeing Luo Zheng float towards one of the saint race martial artists, the six people present suddenly realized that this fellow was an existence they couldn't afford to provoke.
"Retreat!"
"Disperse! This person's strength cannot be underestimated! "
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Before they could react, Luo Zheng's originally slow movements had completely changed. His figure flashed slightly, and one of the warriors didn't even have time to turn around before Luo Zheng's hand gently brushed past him.
His finger brushed against the top of the man's head, and a small imprint appeared on the top of his head. The top of his head also caved in.
The Saint Race martial artist's eyes widened as he unwillingly fell down. He crashed into the ground and was quickly covered by a rain of blood...
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all.
There were many times when he would hesitate. In the words of a gentleman, where it was possible to forgive someone, one should forgive them. But this didn't mean that Luo Zheng was a coward.
Those that weren't part of his race were bound to have different hearts. Thus, when facing a race that wasn't part of his race, Luo Zheng didn't feel the slightest bit of pity …
The speed at which these saint martial artists fled wasn't slow at all. Moreover, their teamwork was extremely tight. The remaining five people all fled in different directions. Like this, as long as Luo Zheng chased down one of them, the other four would be able to open up a considerable distance between them and Luo Zheng!
However, after Luo Zheng became a World Lord, his speed had increased by leaps and bounds!
His eyes locked onto a yellow-clothed martial artist and he chased after him.
The yellow-clothed saint race martial artist felt a strong wind blowing behind him and a bitter expression bloomed on his face. There were clearly four other people here, so why was this fellow chasing after him?
But he didn't have time to think about this anymore.
As a Divine Transformation realm martial artist, if he were to face Luo Zheng alone, he had no chance of victory at all …
The truth was that according to the saint race's strategy, when they encountered a powerhouse that was trying to escape, everyone had to scatter. At the very least, the enemy couldn't kill everyone and the majority would be able to escape.
But the saint race martial artist that was being chased suddenly changed his mind. He didn't choose to draw Luo Zheng away, but instead turned around and began to fight back!
Running away meant death, so he might as well fight with everything he had.
This was the nature of many life forms. Even a rabbit would turn around and bite if it was forced into a corner …
"Exploding Essence Art!"
"Hua!"
True essence poured out from the saint race martial artist's body, instantly exploding around him.
This was an arcane skill that burned true essence.
As his true essence violently combusted, it rapidly expanded, turning into spikes that spread out from his body. This saint martial artist suddenly turned into a hedgehog. All of the spikes shot out from his body, making it seem as if countless spears had appeared on his body.
If the martial artist chasing after him didn't react in time, they would be riddled with holes by these spikes.
Luo Zheng's reaction was naturally incomparably fast. He had more than enough time to dodge these spikes, but he didn't need to dodge at all!
He welcomed these spikes head-on. By relying on his mortal body, he smashed apart these spikes formed from burning true essence …
Ka ka ka ka …
With the sound of breaking spikes, Luo Zheng was only a foot away from the saint race martial artist. Then, Luo Zheng's right hand flashed out like a ghost, gently brushing the back of the saint race martial artist's head as if he were brushing off dust from his body.
With this brush, Luo Zheng didn't bother looking at the saint race martial artist a second time. He turned into an arc in the air, continuing to chase after the next saint race martial artist.
The saint race martial artist that was gently brushed by Luo Zheng's finger suddenly shook. He stood in the air for a single breath of time, then like a leaf without a foundation, he drifted downwards …
"Third …"
Turning around, Luo Zheng threw himself at the fourth saint race martial artist.
As the target that Luo Zheng had locked onto saw this not too far away, it was like an earthquake had struck his heart, tumbling around in his chest. As he saw Luo Zheng's eyes lock onto him and their gazes meet, he was immediately frightened out of his wits. He lowered his head and hurriedly flew away.
Although Luo Zheng had spent two or three breaths of time chasing after the third saint martial artist, his figure gently floated through the air. In the blink of an eye, he crossed dozens of miles and arrived in front of the fourth saint race martial artist.
Besides the Yuanhe Clan, Luo Zheng had also gone to Annihilation Valley, eagerly absorbing Saint Jiu's comprehensions of the Laws.
After becoming a World Lord, one could use greater teleportation techniques.
However, at this stage, Luo Zheng's greater teleportation techniques were unable to instantly cross several great worlds like an Empyrean. Even so, moving hundreds or thousands of miles with a single step wasn't difficult for him. Moreover, these Divine Transformation realm martial artists were able to flee hundreds of miles in a short period of time. This was already an extremely good speed!
"You, you … who are you? How can a human World Lord be so strong!? "The saint race martial artist realized that resistance was futile and asked.
"You don't need to know the reason." Luo Zheng faintly smiled. His ghostly figure flashed past the martial artist once more. With a flick of his finger, a blazing white light bloomed beneath his feet and he vanished from where he stood. He began to chase after the fifth saint race martial artist …
Then the sixth, the seventh …
As for the final saint race martial artist, Luo Zheng didn't kill him.
This person was the saint race martial artist that had been looking down on Luo Zheng from atop the black warship. As the captain of this squad, he was the strongest. When the other six team members trapped the other powerhouses, the strongest attack would also be used by him!
Because it took Luo Zheng some time to kill the first six people, he had covered a distance of 200 miles in this short period of time.
As he ran, he had nearly squeezed out all of his strength to the limit.
Compared to the other saint race martial artists, he was the smartest. As soon as he realized that he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, he didn't turn around, nor did he have any distracting thoughts in his mind. At this moment, the only thought in his mind was to escape!
This saint race martial artist wasn't too sure if his teammates were dead or alive.
But at least he was safe!
"Escaping from death, huff huff …"
Just as this thought of rejoicing appeared in his mind, he heard a voice that scared him out of his wits.

Chapter 1580
As his voice fell, Luo Zheng's figure stepped out from the void, hovering above the sacred race martial artist's head as he looked down …
That powerful aura was like a sovereign descending upon the world, but it also contained an aura of supremacy!
The sacred race martial artists boasted of their noble bloodlines. In the eyes of the sacred race, all other races were equal.
Whether it was the human race or other intelligent life forms, they were no different from pigs, dogs, ants, or other living beings!
Only the sacred race was different. Only the sacred race had the qualifications to stand above all other races!
In the vast universe, any life form, any race, could only crawl beneath the feet of the sacred race, relying on the sacred race's charity and captivity to live their lives.
Had this sacred race martial artist felt such an aura before?
Under the coercion of this aura, this sacred race martial artist suddenly felt incomparably small, as if he couldn't help but submit.
But now, he was facing a human. Because of the glory of his bloodline, this sacred race martial artist instinctively resisted. How could he casually submit to a human?
"What is your name? I can spare your life." Luo Zheng's cold voice floated out once more. The pressure of his soul suddenly doubled, and a faint golden light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was one of the six great cultivation Holy Lands.
The Dragon Bird Clan cultivated in the Valley of Time, the Yuanhe Clan cultivated in the Heart Refining Pagoda, the Mountain Shattering Clan cultivated in the Source of Strength, the Myriad Elephant Clan cultivated in the Wind Destroying Valley, and the Sky Dome Clan cultivated in the Origin and End True Essence …
In addition, there was also the Soul Imprint Clan's Divine Soul Ancestral Land, a place where they cultivated the Divine Soul.
Among the three cultivation systems of a martial artist, the Divine Soul was second only to the Body Tempering and True Cultivation. It was the third fulcrum that supported a martial artist, so it was naturally a very important link.
Of the ten Dao Children, seven had entered the Divine Soul Ancestral Land. Among them, Lie Qianhan, Jiang Zhengyi, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had missed the opportunity to enter the Divine Soul Ancestral Land due to time constraints. They hadn't been able to enter to cultivate and had been directly brought to the Valley of Time.
Apart from the Sky Vault Clan, Luo Zheng also had extraordinary gains in the Five Great Cultivation Holy Lands.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul was shining with a golden brilliance. On the surface of his translucent soul, there were arc-shaped golden seals. This was the 'Sovereign Soul Seal' of the Divine Soul Ancestral Land. The one who had such a seal would release a soul pressure that had the aura of an emperor. It would make people feel small and insignificant. It could even force weaker opponents to submit!
In this round of the Great Yan Universe, there weren't many martial artists who had cultivated the Gold Battle Soul. Only Heavenly Venerables and a small portion of Great Sector Lords had cultivated it.
At this moment, Luo Zheng released the power of pressure through the Golden Fighting Soul, and supplemented by the "Emperor Soul Engraving", the effect could be imagined.
Therefore, when he asked this question, the Sacred Race martialist shuddered and subconsciously answered, "My, my name is Long Rong!"
"Stop," Luo Zheng ordered again.
Luo Zheng could have forced the other party to submit, but at this moment, he only used words to make the other party submit. Luo Zheng also wanted to test the ability he had obtained in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Running away was almost an instinct of the Sacred Race martialists. Luo Zheng's words seemed to have achieved the "law of the land". It made the Sacred Race martialist's heart stop resisting his fear!
Long Rong only looked at Luo Zheng with a pair of frightened eyes. He no longer had any thoughts of resistance in his heart.
"Which Great Realm is this?" Luo Zheng stared at Long Rong and asked.
Long Rong's eyes flickered with hesitation, but he felt his soul being completely suppressed by Luo Zheng. It was as if he was controlled. He couldn't help but answer, "This is the Seven Extreme Realm …"
"Seven Extreme Realm?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
The Seven Extreme Realm was a border Great Realm of the Human Dao Alliance. This border Great Realm bordered the border of Deities No Thought.
When Luo Zheng left the Great Yan Universe, the Sacred Race had only occupied three Great Realms of the Tang Chen Race. If the Sacred Race fought all the way to the Seven Extreme Realm, wouldn't they swallow the entire Human Dao Alliance?
The situation was worse than Luo Zheng imagined.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, no matter how strong the Sacred Race was, it was impossible for them to completely swallow the thousands of Great Realms of the Human Dao Alliance in a short three years. After all, every Great Realm was vast and boundless. Moreover, the Celestial Venerables of the universe and Startail couldn't possibly watch from the sidelines.
Then what about Celestial Venerate Oracle?
Celestial Venerate Cloudfox … and Cloudfall!
Luo Zheng's thoughts spun rapidly. He stared at Long Rong and asked, "What's the current situation in the Great Yan Universe?"
As soon as he finished speaking, a golden light flickered in his eyes. The emperor's aura in the Sovereign Spirit Seal surged out like a tide. Long Rong did not resist at all. His eyes were sunken, and his teeth were chattering. He could not withstand such a strong pressure, but he could not even speak.
When he saw this, Luo Zheng could only withdraw a portion of his soul pressure and continue asking, "What's the situation?"
"Our Sacred Race … the Sacred Race has dismembered the Human Dao Alliance and killed three human Celestial Venerables. The elites of the Human Dao Alliance have retreated to Deities No Thought …" Long Rong hurriedly said.
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't think this person would lie to him. "What about the Fiend Night Clan?"
"They've already allied with our Sacred Race. They originally planned to declare war on Deities No Thought, but they've been entangled by demons," Long Rong continued.
"They've been entangled by demons?"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed surprise.
At the end of the day, people liked beautiful things. Luo Zheng had always had a good impression of the Demon Night clan, but he had never thought that the Demon Night clan was actually a spy planted by Mu Haiji in the Universe of Great Evolution. Their goal was the same as the Ancient Shamans, which was to overthrow the entire Universe of Great Evolution.
Luo Zheng's troubles with the demons had never ceased in the lower realms. Although the demons were brave and fierce, they were also crude and cruel. They'd made Luo Zheng their enemy several times. Who would've thought that the demons would actually stop the Fiend Night Clan this time and help the human race? This truly surprised Luo Zheng.
This was the general situation in the Great Yan Universe. Luo Zheng had a rough idea of what was going on now.
He then stared at Long Rong and asked, "What's with the blood rain here?"
"Blood rain … blood rain …" Long Rong hesitated again. He actually stuttered and refused to speak.
"It's fine if you don't want to speak. I have many ways to make you speak, such as … soulsearching," said Luo Zheng indifferently.
If Luo Zheng wanted to obtain this information, he didn't have to go through so much trouble. He could've just soulsearched Long Rong's mind. However, he still wanted to inspect Long Rong's cultivation results.
Long Rong's face immediately paled. Seeing Luo Zheng's decisive expression, he didn't think he was joking.
"The blood rain is human blood. In order to prevent the Human Alliance from taking back this place, we collected the human blood and used the Blood Curse Art to pollute this land …" Long Rong stuttered. He didn't want to answer not because it involved secrets, but because the sacred race's methods were too cruel. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would kill him in a fit of anger.
"How many people did you need to kill to get so much blood?" Luo Zheng asked as he looked at the blood rain falling from the sky.
"A world … a world's worth of humans," Long Rong carefully looked at Luo Zheng.
"Do mortals count as well?" asked Luo Zheng.
Long Rong nodded.
Luo Zheng's pupils slowly rotated, a sharp glint escaping from his pupils. It was as if two inch-long sharp knives were embedded in his pupils. A formless anger rushed into his mind!
Countless races fought in the universe. The lives of martial artists were like grass.
However, there was a bottom line between martial artists. They rarely harmed mortals!
In the eyes of mortals, the world of martial artists was an illusory world. The martial artists flying around were immortals in their eyes!
The battles between martial artists were between immortals and immortals. They had little to do with mortals.
Even when the battle between Gods No Thought and the Human Dao Alliance was at its fiercest, some of the mortal kingdoms in the major realms were still living peaceful lives. Only when Celestial Venerate level powerhouses clashed and tore apart an entire major realm would the mortal kingdoms be affected.
This was a bottom line issue. Even the most brutal demon race wouldn't cross this bottom line. This was because the demon race also had mortals who didn't cultivate …
However, the sacred race was different.
There was no such bottom line in their race. Slaughtering billions or hundreds of billions of mortals was no different from slaughtering billions or billions of pigs and dogs.

Chapter 1582
This Blood Curse Art was another method of using infernal energy.
Infernal energy was a type of curse power, but the Great Expansion Universe didn't have a systematic method of using infernal energy.
Chen Huangyi, who had taught Luo Zheng the Yi God Sword, had developed a method of using infernal energy to suppress one's emotions and cultivate the Severing Emotions Divine Dao.
In comparison, the saints were far more skilled in using infernal energy.
They could freely transfer the curses within the infernal energy …
A single life form's curse power before death was miniscule. But when a large number of curses were added together, it was terrifying.
This Blood Curse Art only targeted races of the same origin.
For instance, a Blood Curse Art created with human blood was only effective on humans. It had no effect on other races or other life forms.
Thus, once the Blood Curse Art was successfully released, the Blood Curse Art created with human blood would completely target humans. As for the saints, demons, demons, and even various vicious beasts, it wouldn't affect them …
Only after a human reached the Empyrean realm would they no longer fear the Blood Curse Art. Even World Lords would be affected. If they stayed in an area covered by the Blood Curse Art for too long, even World Lords would be corroded!
Now that the saints had conquered a great world, they would immediately create the Blood Curse Art. Like this, they wouldn't have to worry about the humans taking over, unless the other side used an Empyrean to remove the Blood Curse Art.
But in this situation, the Empyreans of the Great Expansion Universe were all hidden within the Empyrean Race. If they dared to come alone, they wouldn't be able to return. After all, the humans had already lost three Empyreans. With each death of an Empyrean, the scales of victory tilted in the saints' favor.
This was a step-by-step strategy.
"Shua!"
The whip suddenly lashed down like a venomous snake swooping down.
If the whip really hit, the old woman and the ponytailed girl would be turned into a bloody mist.
The surrounding mortals all had cold and tired expressions. Not a single one of them dared to help.
In the eyes of these humans, the saints were demonic existences. Anyone that dared to resist would be crushed to death like an ant.
Four hours ago, over a hundred people were shouting to rest. But, the saints didn't care at all and directly lashed out with the whip.
As the whip swept out, it was like a sharp knife, directly splitting over a hundred people in half, causing them to miserably fall into a pool of blood.
From then on, everyone understood that they shouldn't try to beg the saints for mercy. Doing so would only make them die faster.
But at this moment, a figure wearing a golden dragon robe suddenly flashed out, grabbed the little girl's arm, and suddenly rolled to the side!
Just as the little girl left her original spot, the whip landed heavily on the old woman's body.
The old woman's frail body was instantly pulverized by the whip. She turned into a cloud of blood mist and disappeared before everyone's eyes.
"King … King …"
When the little girl saw the person who had saved her, she was also stunned.
The middle-aged man in a yellow robe nodded at the little girl in his arms. He raised his head and said in a clear voice, "Lord Sacred Clan, I will lead my subjects and continue on our way. Please forgive me, Lord!"
The group of over 300,000 mortals came from the country of Xi, and this yellow-robed man was the king of the country of Xi. He was also the only Divine Reflection warrior in the country.
The country of Xi had been developing well for the past few years, and they had even established two second grade sects. The king of Xi was the Sect Chief of one of the second grade sects.
Facing the saints king of the saints, the king of a small country was completely helpless.
He knew that the saints wanted to send his people to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City for blood sacrifice. But, he was powerless against the saints, and could only cooperate with them as they migrated to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City.
In the process of migration alone, more than 100,000 of the 500,000 citizens of the State of Xi had perished. A small portion of them had been killed by the Saint Clan, while the majority had died from exhaustion.
"Forgive me? I want you to forgive me! What if you waste my time? "The Divine Core saint stared at the king of Xi and said with a cold voice.
The king of Xi was extremely angry, but he knew that these few hundred thousand mortals didn't even have the right to fight for their lives. These saints were driving these few hundred thousand mortals like they were herding a herd of sheep.
"I'll supervise my people and ask them to speed up." The king of Xi promised.
"Hmph! That's good! "
In the eyes of the Saint Race cultivators, the King of the State of Xi was also nothing more than an insignificant ant. However, these hundreds of thousands of people were only able to travel smoothly because of the King of Xi's constant deployment. Without this fellow, the speed of their journey would have been much slower! Many more people would die along the way.
In fact, the saints didn't want too many mortals to die. After all, the reason they were rushing these mortals to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City was to squeeze out their blood. If more than half of them died along the way, the losses would outweigh the gains.
The king of Xi sighed, then he said to a minister standing next to him helplessly. "Pass down my order, ask everyone to speed up."
That official was in his seventies. Although he was also a martial artist, his body was not as good as it used to be. Even a young man in his prime would find it unbearable to travel forty miles a day, let alone an old man like him.
"But my king … they can't hold on any longer!" The minister said with grief and indignation.
Along the way, many mortals had died from exhaustion. Wasn't this just pushing them to their deaths?
"We have no choice, just bear with it for a little longer." The king of Xi said with a deep voice.
"Bear with it? Until when? Send us to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City and let the saints suck our blood dry? "The man who spoke was a general from Xi.
This general was a peak Xiantian warrior, and he had a fiery temper. After enduring for so long, he couldn't bear it any longer!
"You're right! We're still going to die! "
"Since we're going to die anyway, why don't we just fight them!"
"So what if we die? I'd rather everyone die more comfortably!"
Humans were not lambs waiting to be slaughtered. Lambs didn't know their own fate, so they would be very obedient until the very last moment.
If they knew that they would die if they continued, then there would be no need to continue. Since they were going to die anyway, why should they contribute to the saints?
The rebellious emotions that had been suppressed for so long began to spread, and some low level warriors and mortals began to explode!
As for the little girl with the ponytail, she buried her head in the king's chest, not lifting it up at all. Her grandmother had died right in front of her, and to a child of her age, this world was filled with evil intentions.
"What's all the noise! You're courting death! "
Hearing the ruckus below, the saint race martial artists in the air suddenly raised the whips in their hands and lashed out at Lin Ming!
The long whip exploded with an explosive sound, and a vigorous force immediately spread out!
"Pa!"
Several people were instantly torn to pieces, and their broken limbs flew all over the sky. Screams rang out one after another.
The eyes of the Xiantian realm warriors turned red, and they could no longer bear it!
"Fight!"
"Kill him!"
"Even if we have to die, let's die a quick death …"
These Xiantian realm warriors couldn't fly, so they had to jump high into the air with the help of the mountain walls, then they threw themselves at the saint warriors.
A mocking expression emerged on the saint warriors' face. "With just you? You don't even have the qualifications to fight with your lives! "
If a rabbit fought with its life on the line against a human, it would be a ridiculous scene. This was what the saint warriors were thinking.
After saying that, the saint warriors raised the long whip in their hands. The long whip kept twisting and turning into numerous snake shadows, then they shot toward the Xiantian realm warriors.
The king of Xi closed his eyes. He couldn't bear to watch this scene, and the pain in his heart made his face twist.
Three months ago, he was still having a bunch of concubines, and the entire kingdom was living a leisurely and carefree life. Who would have thought that just a few months later, he would bring his Xi kingdom into the abyss?
He was powerless to stop this from happening, and this was the sorrow of a weakling.
If he was strong enough, strong enough to kill that Divine Core warrior, then perhaps he would be able to save his subjects …
"So, being weak is a sin?" The king lamented in his mind.
But in the next moment, the king didn't hear any screams. Instead, he heard a surprised cry from the saint warriors. "Who are you?!"

Chapter 1583
The Divine Core warrior from the Holy Clan stared at Luo Zheng with a surprised and doubtful expression …
The aura emanating from Luo Zheng's body made him realize that this man was a mighty warrior!
The gap between his cultivation base and Luo Zheng's was too great, and he couldn't see through Luo Zheng's true strength. But, he could guess that Luo Zheng was at least a Third Transformation God, and he might even be a Realm Lord!
Wasn't the Seven Extreme Worlds occupied by the Sacred Clan? A mighty warrior like this dared to step into the Seven Extreme Worlds? Wasn't he just courting death?
"You, who are you … what do you want? Don't tell me you're going to surrender to the Sacred Clan … "Although the Sacred Clan warrior's cultivation base wasn't high, his mind was still sharp, and he instantly came up with this answer.
If this man was really going to surrender to the Sacred Clan, he might still have a chance to survive. Humans would always think in a positive direction, and the Sacred Clan was no exception.
"You don't have the qualifications to know my purpose." Luo Zheng gazed at the man with an indifferent expression, then he loosened his grip. The whip dropped down and returned to the Sacred Clan warrior's hand.
Luo Zheng's action immediately made the Sacred Clan warrior happy. He felt like he had guessed Luo Zheng's purpose correctly. This man was really here to surrender to the Sacred Clan, but he didn't want to tell the Sacred Clan warrior …
But with Luo Zheng's next words, the hope that had just risen in the Sacred Race martial artists' hearts was crushed.
"Weaklings, die!" Luo Zheng closed his eyes.
Luo Zheng unleashed his soul pressure, and it spread out in all directions with him as the center.
There were a few Divine Core warriors hovering in midair. When they saw what was happening, they kept a certain distance from Luo Zheng and the others, and they were carefully observing Luo Zheng's movements.
When they heard Luo Zheng's words, these Sacred Clan warriors immediately had a strong sense of crisis, and when they realized that something bad was about to happen, they immediately turned around and fled!
But as soon as they thought of running away, they felt their heads sink, as if there was a million kilograms of weight pressing down on their heads. Then, their souls were like fragile bubbles, instantly bursting. Their heads exploded along with their souls.
A Divine Core warrior's soul had never been tempered before, so it was as weak as a newborn baby. There was no way for him to fight back.
The several Saint Race cultivators who were escorting the humans suddenly turned into headless corpses that plummeted downwards.
There was only silence in the vast valley …
All the mortals raised their heads to look at Luo Zheng, their eyes filled with disbelief. This person had only closed his eyes to meditate, but he had caused the heads of those arrogant Sacred Race people to explode. What kind of existence was this person?
At this moment, in their hearts, Luo Zheng had become a savior sent by the Heavens to save the people of the Country of Xi.
Luo Zheng glanced at these mortals indifferently and was about to leave when a voice suddenly sounded from below, "Benefactor, please wait!"
It was the monarch of the Country of Xi. He was in the Divine Illumination Realm and could fly in the air. Fly!
There were only a handful of people in the Country of Xi who had such a cultivation.
"Benefactor, I'm the monarch of these people. Since benefactor is willing to help us, can you please bring the people of the Country of Xi out of this Seven Extreme Worlds?!" The monarch asked with a begging expression. He knew there was a huge gap between his cultivation and Luo Zheng's. It was already a huge favor for this man to be willing to help them, and he shouldn't have any other extravagant hopes.
But, the monarch also knew that even if Luo Zheng saved the people of his country, they wouldn't be able to survive in the Seven Extreme Worlds. A few hundred thousand people were too big of a target, and they would be easily discovered by the Sacred Race cultivators.
Most importantly, once the Blood Curse Art was successfully cast, no one in this world would have a chance to survive. Even if they were hiding in a cave thousands of meters underground, they would still be affected by the Blood Curse Art!
The only way out was to leave this world …
The ponytailed girl poked her head out of the monarch's wide arm, her pair of black eyes staring at Luo Zheng. Her curiosity towards Luo Zheng seemed to have suppressed her fear and sadness, and she carefully sized up Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng obviously understood the monarch's words, but he shook his head slightly, "There are too many people, I can't bring them away."
The monarch's face turned gloomy. His request was a bit too much. It was already a huge favor for this person to help them, and his request was actually a bit too much.
But Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he looked at the mountain wall on the side of the canyon, and pondered for a moment.
Then he approached the mountain wall, stretched out a finger, and lightly tapped on the mountain wall. The mountain wall instantly collapsed, and a large hole about ten feet high appeared.
Luo Zheng burrowed into the hole, and his finger was like a blade, constantly cutting and expanding the hole. In just ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng had dug out a cave that was ten thousand feet wide and a hundred thousand feet deep.
When Luo Zheng returned to the outside of the cave, he asked the monarch, "Do you have enough food?"
The monarch understood Luo Zheng's intention, and his face revealed a difficult expression, "There is indeed enough food, but hiding in this cave …"
The Country of Xi was forced to migrate by the Divine Clan, and before they left, the monarch had already mobilized everyone to bring all the food they could. Everyone's remaining rations could last them for half a month without any problem.
But was hiding in the cave useful? Once the Blood Curse Art took effect, the result would be the same no matter where they hid.
Luo Zheng of course understood the monarch's worries, "I will not let the Blood Curse Art take effect, you just need to hide in there for a few days."
Hearing this, the monarch's face was slightly shocked.
Perhaps the monarch's cultivation base was low, but that didn't mean his vision was low. After all, he was a warrior from the Upper Realm.
Judging from Luo Zheng's words, it seemed like he was going to stop the Divine Clan from using the Blood Curse Art?
"Trust me." Luo Zheng said with an indifferent tone.
Looking at Luo Zheng's firm and calm expression, the monarch suddenly felt a sense of trust in him. Perhaps this man could really do it …
"Thank you, benefactor, for saving us. If benefactor can help our Country of Xi survive this calamity, we, we …"
The monarch wanted to express his gratitude, but halfway through, he suddenly didn't know what to say next.
He was a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist. Only martial artists understood the difference in strength between the strong and the weak.
Mortals couldn't tell the difference, and in their eyes, the gap between a Divine Core warrior and a World Lord wasn't that big.
The monarch could vaguely understand Luo Zheng's strength. Since he dared to come to the Seven Extreme Realm alone, he was at least a World Lord, or even a Heavenly Lord. There was no way they could repay a man like this.
"We … we can't repay you, we can only kowtow to you to express our gratitude!"
After saying that, the monarch dropped to his knees in midair, kneeling down in front of Luo Zheng.
Since the monarch of the Xi Country had knelt down, there was no reason for the mortals to remain standing. Hundreds of thousands of mortals lined up in a long line, and at this moment, all of them knelt down in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "You can all enter now. I'll set up an illusory formation at the entrance of the cave."
The monarch nodded his head, then gave out an order.
Hundreds of thousands of mortals filed into the cave created by Luo Zheng. Using the Divine Rune Art, Luo Zheng casually set up an illusory formation at the entrance of the cave. When he activated the formation, the entire cave disappeared from sight.
This illusory formation couldn't stop a World Lord, and even a Divine Transformation warrior could easily find the flaw in the formation, and discover the hundreds of thousands of mortals in the cave.
However, the task of escorting these mortals was done by Divine Core warriors. With Luo Zheng's current strength, let alone a Divine Core warrior, even a False Tribulation warrior or Life and Death warrior wouldn't be able to see through the formation.
Therefore, with this formation, these mortals should be safe.
After arranging everything, Luo Zheng finally left, continuing his journey towards the Seven Extreme Immortal City.
The monarch was standing at the entrance of the cave, holding the girl with ponytails in his arms, and staring blankly at Luo Zheng's back.
"Monarch, who is he?" The girl with ponytails asked with a clear and melodious voice.
The monarch responded with a smile, "He … is a great hero of our human race!"
"Great hero? A very, very great hero? "The girl with ponytails asked again.
"Yes, very, very great …" The monarch replied.

Chapter 1584
The canyon wasn't far from the Seven Absolutes Immortal City. It was only a hundred miles away. Luo Zheng only needed one step to teleport there.
Out of caution, Luo Zheng didn't do so.
After returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng's strength had improved greatly, but it didn't mean that he could face the Sacred Race's unscrupulous rampage.
The closer he got to the Sacred Race, the more cautious Luo Zheng became. He even lowered his speed and moved stealthily.
Along the way, Luo Zheng also discovered several groups of mortals. The number of mortals ranged from 100,000 to 500,000, and they were all escorted by Saint Race martial artists. It was clear that they were being sent to the Seven Absolute Immortal City.
Luo Zheng didn't rescue them. They were too close to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City. The fluctuations caused by the battle could easily be detected by the experts in the city.
Moreover, the root of the problem was in the Seven Absolutes Immortal City. As long as he destroyed the Seven Absolutes Immortal City and stopped them from using the Blood Curse Art, he believed that the Sacred Race wouldn't wantonly slaughter mortals. After all, the strength of these mortals was too weak. Just like how humans had no interest in slaughtering ants, the Sacred Race wouldn't kill these mortals out of boredom.
Soon, a dazzling golden main city appeared in Luo Zheng's field of vision. The Seven Absolutes Immortal City was the largest immortal city in the Seven Absolutes Domain.
Looking from afar, he saw a huge blood-red disc floating above the Seven Absolutes Immortal City. The blood-red disc almost covered the entire main city. Countless tiny blood-red runes were constantly rolling on the disc.
There were four blood pillars that extended upwards from the Seven Ultimate Immortal City and were connected to the blood-red disc. The blood-red disc seemed to be continuously absorbing the crimson blood through the four blood pillars. Then, it scattered the blood into the sky, forming blood-red clouds that spread throughout the Seven Ultimate Immortal City.
The closer he got to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City, the stronger the smell of blood became. It was as if there was a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood in front of him. The once bustling immortal city had now turned into a genuine Asura purgatory.
After sizing them up for a moment, Luo Zheng silently floated towards the side, and then the killing intent in his eyes vanished without a trace. At the same time, his Dantian was completely sealed up, causing him to instantly change his appearance and transform into a mortal with a declining aura. He silently descended at the center of the road, and this was the path that one had to pass to enter the Seven Absolutes Immortal City.
Not long after that, a group of mortals slowly arrived at the Seven Ultimate Immortal City. There were a few Saint warriors escorting these mortals in midair. The closer they got to the Seven Ultimate Immortal City, the more impatient these Divine Core warriors became.
"Move faster!"
"It took us nine days to travel three hundred li! It's too slow! "
The saint martial artist roared in the air. He raised the whip in his hand and ruthlessly lashed out. The sound of the whip was ear-piercing, and some mortals couldn't help but cover their ears.
These mortals were already completely exhausted from their journey, and no matter how fast they traveled, they couldn't go any faster. However, they still squeezed out a sliver of energy from all over their bodies and walked forward mechanically.
At this time, the leading Saint Race martial artist discovered Luo Zheng lying on the ground.
"Why is there one that slipped through the net?!"
After saying that, the Saint Race martial artist abruptly lashed out with the whip in his hand toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. He wasn't afraid of the whip, as even if he just lay there and let the martial artist whip him, he wouldn't be harmed at all. However, if the whip hit him, he would be exposed.
Slap!
In the end, the whip didn't hit Luo Zheng's body. Instead, it hit the side of Luo Zheng's body, causing a huge hole to appear on the ground.
"You, follow the group!" The Saint Race martial artist said to Luo Zheng with a cold voice.
The goal of the Saint Race was to obtain human blood. If the human race cooperated with them and rushed to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City at the fastest speed, they wouldn't be willing to kill indiscriminately. Now that they were already quite close to the Seven Absolutes Immortal City, Luo Zheng was just a stray sheep in the eyes of the Saint Race martial artist. He casually chased Luo Zheng into the crowd.
The aura on Luo Zheng's face was extremely weak. His entire body was covered in mud, and he had concealed his cultivation base and soul. At this moment, he naturally put on a good show, rolling and crawling as he blended into the group.
The surrounding mortals were stupefied. They didn't even have the interest to look at Luo Zheng. They were like walking corpses. They only knew that they had to move forward, but they didn't know where to go or what their fate would be.
This place was only 20 some miles away from the Seven Absolutes Immortal City. Even though it was right in front of their eyes, these exhausted mortals still spent half a day to arrive at the gates of the Seven Absolutes Immortal City.
On top of the grand walls of the Seven Absolutes Immortal City, there was a row of Saint Race martial artists. Most of them were Divine Sea realm martial artists, and a small number of them were Divine Reaching realm martial artists. They were all gathered at the top of the city walls, chatting.
"Did you hear? It seems that the Blue Squad was killed by someone?"
"The seven people in that squad were all Divine Transformation realm elites. Someone was actually able to kill them without them knowing. This person's strength is at least at the World Lord realm!"
"World Lord? Did you know that the Blue Squad killed a World Lord before? "
"If it isn't a World Lord, then could it be an Empyrean? Would an Empyrean dare to come to the Seven Absolutes World? "
"That's the strange part! There aren't many Empyreans in the Great Expansion Universe. They wouldn't dare to act rashly. If an Empyrean were to die, that would be a great loss to humanity. How could they possibly send an Empyrean to attack a small peripheral great world? "
"This matter is indeed strange …"
Luo Zheng's eyes and ears were sharp. Although these martial artists were far away from him, he still heard every word they said.
When he entered the city gates with the mortals, these martial artists released their sense and swept it over everyone's heads.
Although the Blood Curse Art could occupy a great world once and for all, it was extremely troublesome to use. Moreover, the array formations that the Blood Curse Art laid down were extremely fragile. If there was even the slightest bit of carelessness, it would be destroyed and all previous efforts would be wasted.
When the saints used the Blood Curse Art in other great worlds, they had encountered this sort of situation before. The saints had learned their lesson and in order to prevent this from happening, they had become much stricter in the selection of mortals.
If one wanted to be sent into the blood pond for sacrifice, they would have to pass through three layers of screening. They would be screened once before entering the city gates, once more within the city, and once more when they approached the blood pond.
In this first round, the saint martial artists didn't discover anything strange.
After smoothly entering the Seven Supreme Immortal City, Luo Zheng continued to follow the mortals as they walked along the wide roads of the city.
After the Seven Supreme Immortal City was occupied by the saints, all of the martial artists in the city had been slaughtered. The once bustling streets were now empty without a single person to be seen. As the smell of blood became increasingly thick, it was like a ghost city with a horrifying atmosphere. Even the saint martial artists felt uncomfortable here.
In order to use the Blood Curse Art, the saints had laid down four massive blood ponds within the Seven Supreme Immortal City. Each blood pond was able to hold hundreds of thousands of people, just like a small lake. In the south of the city, six Divine Transformation realm martial artists appeared on the main road leading to the blood ponds.
These Divine Transformation realm martial artists had cold and gloomy expressions. Their auras were powerful, but compared to the saint martial artists at the city gates, they were even more vigilant.
Powerful senses constantly swept over everyone's heads. One of these senses even stopped above Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng swayed as he walked forwards, as if he would fall to the ground at any moment.
The Divine Transformation realm martial artist looked at Luo Zheng. As he saw Luo Zheng's filthy appearance, he looked away.
When a higher boundary martial artist faced a lower boundary martial artist, they had an advantage to begin with. The Divine Transformation realm martial artist didn't discover any flaws. He only subconsciously felt that there was something different about Luo Zheng, but he wasn't able to pinpoint what it was.
After passing through the screening of these martial artists, Luo Zheng drew closer and closer to the blood ponds.
When the blood ponds appeared in front of everyone's eyes, there was an uproar in the crowd …
Although these mortals had rushed all the way here and were already exhausted, as they saw this hellish scene in front of them, they immediately sobered up.
All sorts of broken limbs floated in the blood ponds, bobbing up and down on the surface. The thick smell of blood wafted out from the blood ponds.
And to the side of the blood ponds, groups of mortals were lined up in neat rows. Then, they were herded into the blood ponds.
The moment these mortals jumped into the blood ponds, an invisible strength appeared in the air and twisted these mortals. Blood splashed out from their twisted bodies, creating a horrifying scene.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1586
Sending the most outstanding geniuses of the universe into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to cultivate was a common practice. The saint race's Maha had once been to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, and it was an open world.
But in the end, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was Saint Jiu's territory. At this time, how could Saint Jiu allow the martial artists of the Great Extreme Universe to enter?
Saint Jiu and Mu Haiji were members of the Saint Halls. On the surface, the two of them seemed to be on good terms, and under the rules, they didn't tear apart each other. But, the struggle between them had been going on for a long time.
The saints couldn't chase down a Dao Child in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but Mu Haiji still thought of a method. Outside the Great Extreme Universe, he had laid down a Greater Space Technique. This technique was secretly used by a True Divinity of the saints.
When a Dao Child of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement returned, this Greater Space Technique would activate and distort their path of return.
So when Luo Zheng returned, he didn't directly return to the transmission array of the Demi-Immortal Race, but instead landed in the Seven Extremity World.
"Are you sure?" Maha cautiously asked.
If a Dao Child returned, under the influence of the Greater Space Technique, they would fall into any great world within the Great Extreme Universe. For the saints, this was a very important opportunity!
"Whether I'm sure or not, we'll know once we try!"
The wolf tooth birthmark on Wu 'er's face became increasingly red, representing her growing excitement. She stared at Luo Zheng on the other side of the blood pool, quietly gathering true essence within her body.
"Wu 'er, don't do anything. I will hurry over as fast as I can!" Maha warned.
This Maha was a Saint Son of the saints. Although he was incomparably arrogant, his thoughts were extremely meticulous!
These Dao Children were carefully molded by a Saint, and they were the final counterattack of a Saint before he died. They were the crystallization of a Saint's creation, and each Dao Child was not simple!
They had cultivated in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for three years, and now that they were willing to return, their strength and cultivation would inevitably rise.
Maha, who had stayed in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, naturally had a deep understanding of this.
But, Wu 'er didn't intend to listen to Maha's advice.
… … …
As Luo Zheng slid towards the blood pool, the strength within his body constantly brewed.
His goal wasn't just the blood pool. If everything went smoothly, he would destroy the four blood pools in the Seven Extremity Immortal City in the shortest possible time.
But what Luo Zheng didn't know was that he had already been targeted by a woman of the Sacred Race …
1000 feet …
500 feet … 500 feet …
100 feet …
Luo Zheng Luo Zheng........ but Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng.....
Luo Zheng slowly moved to the edge of the blood pool. The moment the invisible force lifted him up, he stepped on the edge of the blood pool. His body suddenly shook and he shook off the invisible force!
. a!!
Dao Luo Zheng Immortal God, Luo Luo Luo, Luo Luo Lin..... Luo Zheng, Luo God, Luo Zheng........ Luo Zheng Dao...... o God of Luo Zheng.... Luo Zheng, God............. it.........., he.......
Earth God Earth earth!
.. Luo Zheng had been preparing for a long time. Once he made his move, he didn't hesitate. He rushed towards the Blood Curse Immortal God above the blood pool.
"Hee hee, good disguise." At the same time, Wu 'er, who had been observing Luo Zheng, also made her move.
She stepped lightly in the air. Like a dancing butterfly, black beads appeared around her. In an instant, she moved and blocked Luo Zheng's way.
"What do you want to do? Handsome guy from the Human Clan, "Wu 'er said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
Previously, Luo Zheng hadn't noticed that this woman had discovered him, so he was slightly surprised. However, Luo Zheng's surprise only lasted for the blink of an eye before he coldly shouted, "Scram!" As soon as his voice fell, he sent out a palm strike!
"Oh, you're so angry," Wu 'er smiled and threw out a palm as well. She didn't show any fear.
There were Dao Children in the Great Evolution Realm. There were also Dao Children in the Great Extremity Realm.
This "Wu 'er" was one of them. She had already become a Realm Lord. Her next step was to condense a Godhead and break through to the True God Realm. The Sacred Clan's bloodline was noble. Everyone was a Dao Child. How could Wu' er put this Luo Zheng in her eyes?
But the moment Wu 'er's palm touched Luo Zheng, her expression changed!
She didn't think that Luo Zheng's palm would contain such a terrifying power. It was so strong that she couldn't resist it!
The power contained in this palm was probably enough to kill an ordinary Realm Lord!
Pa pa pa pa!
That massive power flowed through Wu 'er's arm, and the black beads around her began to explode one by one!
In an instant, four beads exploded!
Wu 'er was suppressed by that huge power and was directly slapped into the blood pool below. A huge wave of blood splashed out.
As Wu 'er sank into the blood pool, the shock in her heart was nearly indescribable.
The seven black beads around her were precious treasures bestowed to her by the Sacred Clan Empyreans. These black beads were called Life Sacrificing Beads. Each bead could withstand a single fatal wound, enough to die in her place once!
In other words, every time a black bead exploded, it was equal to her dying once.
These seven Life Sacrificing Beads had followed her for so many years and never once had a single one exploded. After all, her status in the Sacred Clan was revered and there were very few opportunities for her to face a life or death crisis.
But Wu 'er never imagined that this fellow would casually slap out with his palm and shatter four of her Life Sacrificing Beads! This was equal to Luo Zheng killing her four times with a single slap!
At this time, Wu 'er's mood could be imagined. She suddenly remembered Maha's warning not to act rashly!
In the blood pool, Wu 'er was shocked and frightened. At the same time, she crushed a light purple divine rune in her hand. The moment this divine rune was crushed, the entire Seven Absolute Immortal City emitted a piercing cry.
Hearing this sound, the complexions of all the saint martial artists changed. This cry was the highest level of alert!
Luo Zheng's eyes never paused on this saint woman; the only goal in his eyes was the blood curse array formation. After he slapped out with his palm, his body shook in the air and he continued to rush towards the array formation!
The moment Luo Zheng rushed forwards, he heard a humming sound. In front of Luo Zheng, a light yellow translucent curtain of light blocked his path.
"An enchantment?"
Luo Zheng had been looking at this blood curse array formation for a long time so he naturally knew that there was likely a protective enchantment around it. Following the momentum of his impact, Luo Zheng punched out at the enchantment!
Dong!
Contrary to Luo Zheng's expectations, the enchantment shook twice but didn't break.
Wu 'er slowly floated up from the blood pool. When she saw Luo Zheng's actions, a sneer appeared on her face.
Even if this Dao Child's strength was boundless, it was impossible for him to break this enchantment with his own brute force. This enchantment was built to deal with brute force.
Above the four blood pools in the Seven Absolute Immortal City, there were four identical enchantments. The four enchantments were connected to each other, and the four enchantments were mutually damaged. If one wanted to break them, they would have to break all four enchantments at the same time.
With the strength of a realm lord, this was simply impossible!
Wu 'er was optimistic by nature and wasn't afraid that Luo Zheng would turn around and kill her. Instead, she slowly took out a sound transmission token and said with a smile, "Maha, when will you arrive? This guy has already started attacking the blood curse array formation. However, this person actually intends to use brute force to break the enchantment. This is simply …"
Before Wu 'er could finish her words, her pupils had already widened at this moment.
She saw Luo Zheng suddenly raise his hand, and with his fist as the center, the space around him began to distort!
Distorting the power of spatial laws was just a piece of cake for a realm lord.
However, she didn't sense any spatial laws from Luo Zheng, which meant that this guy wasn't using spatial laws to distort space!
He was using a terrifying force that she couldn't imagine! He was relying on this force to distort space!
Hualala …
The blood in the blood pool, under the distortion of this gravitational force, rippled. In everyone's sight, the center of the blood pool caved in as if there was an invisible sphere pressing down on the blood pool. And this sphere was centered around Luo Zheng's fist!

Chapter 1588
There was no such cultivation method as Thunder Calamity Annihilation in the Great Evolution Universe. Mu Haiji had extremely strict control over the heavenly tribulations in the Great Evolution Universe.
Therefore, when the sacred race martial artists saw the sudden appearance of the heavenly tribulation, they looked at each other in dismay.
Could it be that the human world lord had broken through just now?
"Not good, quickly stop the heavenly tribulation!"
"Without the protection of the barrier, the blood curse array is too weak!"
Thunder Calamity Annihilation was an extremely special cultivation method. This method was to communicate with the heavenly dao and summon the heavenly tribulation.
Once the summoning was successful, the entire process was irreversible. Even Luo Zheng himself couldn't stop it. What methods did these world lords have to stop the heavenly tribulation?
Moreover, there wasn't enough time.
Crackle …
A burst of violent lightning surged like a torrential downpour, directly enveloping the entire blood curse array.
The hundred thousand divine runes in the Blood Curse Array were extremely fragile and intricate. Every single divine rune was tightly connected to each other, and the slightest bit of damage could cause the entire Blood Curse Array to collapse!
Under the chaotic barrage of lightning, the array was instantly charred. How could those divine runes withstand it?
In an instant, half of the divine runes were incinerated. The blood curse array above the blood pool could be considered destroyed.
Originally, the blood curse array was still extracting the blood from the blood pool, transforming it into a blood pillar and sending it to the blood disc in the sky. When the blood curse array was destroyed, the blood pillar that shot straight into the sky lost its support and collapsed to one side. The blood pillar fell into the city, forming a ghastly trail of blood.
Looking at the destroyed blood curse array, the hearts of the world lords present trembled … a blood curse array was destroyed just like that?
"Not good!" Chi Mo Dong's expression changed greatly.
Since the Four Symbols Light Yin Barrier was destroyed, the other three blood pools in the main city were similarly exposed. This brat most likely used teleportation to destroy the other blood pools.
Ma Zan's expression was similarly gloomy and cold. Without saying a word, he also used greater teleportation and rushed towards the blood pool in the north of the city.
However, Luo Zheng used the Greater Teleportation Technique and his position was uncertain. The two sector lords could only try their luck and each chose a blood pool to investigate. Other than the two sector lords, the other sector lords naturally wouldn't stay idle. They rushed towards the blood pool in the west of the city.
Shi Kongwu climbed out of the blood pool. With a light shake of his body, all the blood turned into blood droplets and flowed away. Looking at the destroyed blood curse array, he coldly snorted. Chi Modong and Ma Zan didn't listen to him, they deserved to suffer. If the blood curse array was completely destroyed, the outcome of these two World Lords would most likely be quite miserable.
But it was none of her business.
Shi Kongwu had just stepped into the Sector Lord Realm and had come to the Seven Absolute Realm to gain experience. Even if the upper echelons of the Sacred Race were to punish her, it wouldn't fall on her head.
"But that brat just now …" Shi Kongwu sat beside the blood pool, a puzzled expression on her face. Just how strong was that brat? Could he be stronger than Maha?
Thinking of this, Shi Kongwu remembered that Maha had said he would rush over. Thus, she raised the sound transmission talisman in her hand and asked, "Big brother Maha, are you almost there?"
Maha wasn't far from here. There were only three great worlds between the Unmatched Realm and the Seven Absolute Realm, but if Maha wanted to rush over, he wouldn't be able to do so in a short period of time.
"Give me some time, Wu 'er." Maha seemed somewhat anxious.
"But if big brother Maha doesn't come soon, that brat will slip away!" Shi Kongwu smiled sweetly.
"Slip away? It won't be that easy, hehe. "Maha wasn't the only one rushing over this time.
Mu Haiji's order was too important. The Sacred Race placed great importance on the ten Dao Children of the Great Evolution Realm. Besides him, there were also two Empyreans who were rushing towards the Seven Absolute Realm with extreme speed. If that brat could slip away from the two Empyreans, that would truly be a miracle!
The reason Maha was so anxious was because he wanted to do it himself.
The two Great World Lords separately arrived above the blood pool in the north and east of the city. Seeing that the blood pool was completely empty, they knew they had made the wrong choice. Thus, they immediately turned into beams of light and rushed towards the blood pool in the west.
After stepping into the World Lord realm, one's comprehension of the Space Laws would reach the ninth level and they would be able to use the greater teleportation technique. But, it wasn't limitless. For example, Chi Mo Dong needed 50 breaths of time between each use.
But at this moment, they couldn't wait any longer. They could only choose to fly away.
Besides the two Great World Lords, the other six World Lords chose to teleport to the blood pool in the west. One of them moved the fastest.
The moment he appeared, he looked around and felt a strange killing intent come from behind him.
His expression changed and he cursed in his heart.
Before he could turn around, he felt a sharp pain on his back!
"My Sakyamuni Treasure Robe …"
At the last moment, this World Lord's heart flashed with such a thought.
This World Overlord of the saint race had once rendered a great contribution. Hence, he was bestowed with a treasure by the Empyrean. This treasure was none other than the Shakya Treasure Robe. Defensive treasures were extremely rare and this Shakya Treasure Robe was a paragon artifact. It had saved his life many times during crucial moments.
Unfortunately, he was facing Luo Zheng. Although this level of defensive treasure was powerful, it couldn't protect him completely.
With one punch, the Sakyamuni Treasure Robe was shattered by Luo Zheng. Along with it, the World Lord's organs were also shattered!
Following which, this Saint Race World Lord floated away like a leaf and landed in the blood pool.
The blood curse array was close by, but Luo Zheng wasn't in a rush to destroy it.
On the contrary, he chose to wait here for his prey!
When World Lords used teleportation to travel through space, they couldn't avoid emitting strong spatial ripples. Luo Zheng used these ripples to easily capture the location of these World Lords.
Hence, when World Lords fought against each other, if they used teleportation, one chasing and one escaping, the one escaping would have a huge advantage. This was because the one escaping would be able to feel the spatial ripples. Afterwards, he would be able to wait for the exhausted World Lord to attack!
Just now, Luo Zheng killed this World Lord with a sneak attack. Tens of feet away from Luo Zheng, spatial laws began to ripple. A second World Lord came out from there.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed over, and he repeated the same thing and teleported here once more!
"Sou!"
The moment this Saint Race World Lord came out from the spatial crack, he almost collided with Luo Zheng. The two were only a few inches apart.
The World Lord didn't expect that Luo Zheng would dare to wait for him here. His face was filled with astonishment. Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a brilliant smile. His fist had already swung out!
"Bo!"
Following a muffled sound, the Saint Race World Lord floated down like a broken rag doll …
As the spatial laws flashed one after another, Luo Zheng continued to roam in the air. As long as a World Lord dared to appear, Luo Zheng would instantly kill him.
There were many mortals at the bottom of this blood pool. Of course, there were also some weak martial artists amongst these mortals, such as Xiantian realm martial artists and Divine Reflection realm martial artists. In addition, there were also saint martial artists. They all stared blankly at the skies.
In their impression, the Saint Race had always been invincible …
Why were they unable to fight back against this human fighter!
After Luo Zheng killed five Saint Race World Lords in a row, he saw a black and white streak of light rapidly approaching. The two Great World Lords had finally arrived.
He smiled faintly and slowly entered the blood curse array. As a halo spread out from his feet, he left behind a Lightning Kill. Luo Zheng actually used greater teleportation and rushed to the next blood pool!
"Quick, use the lightning stone!" The veins on Ma Zan's face bulged as he roared at Crimson Demon Dong.
Only now did Crimson Demon Dong remember that he had a magic treasure that could attract lightning. In his panic just now, he forgot about this treasure.
"I'll chase after that brat. You set up the lightning stone!" Ma Zan said and used greater teleportation to move to another blood pool …
Crimson Demon Dong was already on the verge of exploding. He also wanted to kill Luo Zheng quickly. How could he be interested in activating the lightning stone? He looked at a Saint Race World Lord and roared, "Why is it only you! Where are the others! "
The World Lord pointed at the blood pool. There were several World Lord corpses on both sides of the blood pool.
Crimson Demon Dong's eyes widened. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to kill several Saint Race World Lords in such a short time!
Crimson Demon Dong was flustered and exasperated. He threw the lightning stone in his hand to the Saint Race World Lord, "You draw the lightning tribulation away. I'll go help Ma Zan!"

Chapter 1590
A True God's lifespan was unlimited because of the existence of the Leakless Divine Body.
After inheriting a godhood, one's own godhood could purify the body and return it to a perfect state. Not a trace of life force would leak out!
This kind of body was called the Leakless Divine Body. It was a body that only a True God could possess!
Ma Zan would never have thought that he would see the Leakless Divine Body in a Realm Lord. This was too unimaginable, even more unbelievable than Luo Zheng shattering the Four Symbols Time Barrier.
He naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng was now a perfect weapon.
It wasn't the Leakless Divine Body. It was just that with his understanding of the Divine Dao of Truth, he couldn't find Luo Zheng's weakness. He had been forged by the Craftsman Saint.
While Ma Zan was extremely shocked, Crimson Demon Dong didn't think so much. He bound Luo Zheng and the power between his hands was terrifying to the extreme!
"I'll tear you to shreds!"
A pair of crimson hands erupted with demon-like godly power. He actually wanted to tear Luo Zheng's body apart!
Although Crimson Demon Dong was reckless, he still had some misgivings about Luo Zheng's terrifying strength. Therefore, once he succeeded, he moved extremely quickly and didn't give Luo Zheng any time to react.
He knew that Luo Zheng's strength was immense, but this guy's body wasn't necessarily tyrannical!
Unfortunately, after this test, Crimson Demon Dong realized that he was wrong …
With his Crimson Origin Demonic Ghost Hands, he could even tear apart a divine tool. Half a year ago, he and another person faced three Realm Lords of the Human Alliance. One of the Realm Lords had a magic treasure, a first-grade divine tool, the Crane Cauldron.
At that time, Crimson Demon Dong tore apart this Crane Cauldron. This demon-like power was beyond imagination.
He felt that Luo Zheng's entire body was one. Even with his hands crossed, he didn't move an inch!
"Your strength isn't bad, but it's far from enough to tear me apart …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint mocking expression. The power in his eight-layer dao platform continued to circulate. The nine stars in his inner world also began to slowly revolve.
Then he raised his arm slightly and slowly broke free from Crimson Demon Dong's demonic claws. He didn't seem weak at all.
"Hurry up and do it, Mazan!"
Crimson Demon Dong also pushed his strength to the limit. Veins popped out all over his body. He understood that his strength was far inferior to Luo Zheng's. Now, he naturally placed his hopes on Ma Zan. He knew that Ma Zan cultivated the Celestial Dao of Truth, and the power of his Finger of Destruction was extraordinary!
As long as he pointed out this brat's flaw, no matter how monstrous this brat was, he would die without a doubt.
Thinking about it, the two Great Sector Lords, in order to deal with such a brat, actually had to work together, they felt that they had lost face.
But under such circumstances, Crimson Demon Dong could no longer think so much.
Above Ma Zan's finger condensed a cyan light spot. His finger was constantly swaying. If he could see a flaw in Luo Zheng's body, then he would naturally sell it without hesitation. But after swaying for a long time, he still didn't know where to start!
This brat has no flaws at all. How do you expect me to attack!? Ma Zan had a long face.
"What are you hesitating for?!" Chi Mo Dong couldn't hold on any longer and roared with all his might.
Being repeatedly urged by Crimson Fiend Dong, Ma Zan still pointed out that finger in the end!
"Whoosh!"
The cyan light in this finger suddenly shot out, drawing a straight line and shooting towards Luo Zheng's body.
"Ding!"
Accompanied by a light sound, the cyan light touched Luo Zheng's body and then bounced off.
It was like a weak wooden arrow that shot into an iron wall. It didn't even have the qualifications to leave a trace.
Ma Zan's "Annihilation Finger" had to be used to target the opponent's flaw. Its power wasn't enough. He didn't see through Luo Zheng's flaw. Under Crimson Demon Dong's urging, this Annihilation Finger was unable to cause any substantial damage to Luo Zheng …
"Is it enough?"
Luo Zheng's arms were already completely open. He stared at Crimson Demon Dong, the corners of his mouth slightly raised.
A trace of danger suddenly rose in Crimson Demon Dong's heart. At this moment, Luo Zheng's hands suddenly flipped and tightly grasped Crimson Demon Dong's ghostly hands. "It's my turn now!"
As soon as his voice fell, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted force!
Crimson Demon Dong suddenly felt an irresistible force being transmitted from his hands. If he couldn't break free, the one being torn apart would be him!
This powerful sense of danger rose up. Crimson Demon Dong's thoughts were also operating to the extreme.
His great realm lord cultivation was also climbed up step by step in all kinds of harsh environments and battles. It could be said that his battle experience was much richer than Luo Zheng's. In his panic, he relied on his own instincts to find a way to deal with this situation.
His entire body suddenly flipped and rotated in the direction of Luo Zheng's interlocked hands. He did his best to reduce Luo Zheng's strength.
At the same time, he also erupted the strength in his body to the extreme. With the determination of a hero breaking his wrist, he broke free from Luo Zheng's hands …
"Ka, ka!"
The instant he broke free, the sound of two bones breaking could be heard.
Crimson Demon Dong's bones were extremely strong. He actually broke the bones in his arms to break free from Luo Zheng's hands.
The instant he broke free from Luo Zheng's hands, Crimson Demon Dong began to retreat rapidly.
Luo Zheng sneered and followed closely behind. His hands wanted to grab Crimson Demon Dong's arms in turn. However, Crimson Demon Dong didn't dare to cross swords with Luo Zheng at this moment. Luo Zheng's hands grabbed several times and felt that Crimson Demon Dong was too slippery to hold back!
After chasing for two to three zhang in the air, a blazing white light flashed under Crimson Demon Dong's feet. His figure turned blurry and he drilled into the void, disappearing …
"He escaped so quickly." Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise. Crimson Demon Dong's series of reactions were completed in an instant, but he still managed to escape from his hands.
This was the battle instinct of a realm lord.
When two realm lords fought, they would often use greater teleportation if their first attack didn't work. Therefore, at the realm of a realm lord, it was very difficult to kill the other party unless it was a sneak attack …
Crimson Demon Dong had been a great realm lord for hundreds of thousands of years. Being able to escape from Luo Zheng's hands was entirely due to his rich battle experience!
At this moment, Luo Zheng turned his head to look at Ma Zan. Ma Zan's expression suddenly changed. Under the turbulence in the air, he instantly pulled away from Luo Zheng and looked at Luo Zheng with a face full of vigilance.
"A great realm lord of the sacred race … his strength is only so-so." Luo Zheng glanced at him and ignored this great realm lord. Then, he flew towards the blood pool. Destroying the blood curse array was the most important thing.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that his glance had greatly hurt Ma Zan's self-esteem.
As a great realm lord, Ma Zan comprehended the Divine Dao of Truth. When had he ever been looked down upon by a realm lord? Because of the special nature of the Divine Dao of Truth, if he was given enough time and space, he could even kill an Empyrean!
In the sacred race, even an Empyrean would treat Ma Zan with respect if they met him!
Why was it that in the eyes of this human Sector Lord, he seemed to have become an insignificant small character ….
Although he was extremely angry, there was nothing he could do.
The power of the Divine Dao of Truth was that it could find the opponent's flaws and then use them to defend.
This guy had no flaws at all. What could he do to Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng slowly entered the blood curse formation at the center of the blood pool. He punched and kicked the formation, destroying all the divine inscriptions in an instant.
At this point, the four blood curse arrays were completely destroyed.
After the blood-red disk in the sky lost the support of the four arrays, it began to slowly tilt to one side. The huge disk began to fall apart, and the runes within it began to dissipate …
"Ka ka ka …"
When the disk fell halfway, it began to rapidly disintegrate, disintegrating into a rain of blood that poured down and fell into the Seven Absolutes Immortal City.
The disk was condensed with the blood of countless people. It was just that it didn't scatter into the clouds and fell at the same time. The blood was like a flood that crazily washed the streets of the Seven Absolutes Immortal City.
The mortals in the Seven Absolutes Immortal City were gathered on the streets on one side of the four blood pools. The terrain was relatively high, so they weren't submerged by the 'flood' …
The blood-red clouds in the sky were still slowly drifting away, but it wouldn't be long before these clouds slowly dissipated.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng wasn't happy.
Who knew how many mortals had been slaughtered in the Seven Absolutes Immortal City.
Mortals might not affect the war in the Great Evolution Immortal City, but in the huge number of mortals, there would always be a few rare geniuses born. They were the foundation of a world.
With so many dead, it was impossible to restore the prosperity of the past.
At this moment, a huge crack suddenly appeared in the sky above the Seven Absolutes Immortal City. And from that crack, the head of a strange beast drilled out.
It was the head of the Realm Swallowing Beast, and on the head of the Realm Swallowing Beast stood a purple-haired youth. This was the number one Dao Child of the sacred race, Maha!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1592
The Great Ruling Technique was a type of Divine Dao that focused on cultivating the soul!
It could expand one's soul to the extreme and increase one's aura to the extreme …
But to cultivate the Great Ruling Technique, there was a prerequisite. One's soul had to reach the gold battle soul and also comprehend the Emperor Spirit Seal.
Saint Jiu didn't guide Luo Zheng on his Divine Dao.
To condense a godhood, Luo Zheng had to rely on himself to comprehend it. His choice was the most suitable.
Even if Saint Jiu and the Craftsman Saint thought that Luo Zheng's Emotion Severing Divine Dao wasn't the best choice, Luo Zheng's choice was the most important and they wouldn't interfere!
Actually, since Luo Zheng had cultivated the Emperor Spirit Seal, he already had the prerequisites to cultivate the Great Ruling Technique. He only needed to take a step forward.
Maha's Emperor Spirit Seal was also cultivated in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
With his comprehension of the Great Ruling Technique, his aura couldn't be underestimated. Those Great Sector Lords found it hard to fight Maha head on. It could even affect the minds of Empyreans.
Although Empyreans had gold battle souls, they didn't have the Emperor Spirit Seal. It was hard for them to resist this tyrannical aura that was magnified several times!
Luo Zheng had the Emperor Spirit Seal and wasn't affected by the Great Ruling Technique. Hearing Maha's roars, his face even revealed a mocking expression …
Maha's aura grew stronger and stronger. His eyes flashed with golden light and his soul power spread to the extreme.
In his golden eyes, there was a trace of doubt. Why was this brat unaffected by his Great Ruling Technique?
Shi Kongwu laid in Maha's arms and looked down at Luo Zheng. Her face revealed a trace of curiosity.
She had seen Big Brother Maha use the Great Ruling Technique. When they had just entered the Great Yan Realm, Big Brother Maha had fought against the six World Lords of the Human Alliance by himself. When the Great Ruling Technique was used, those World Lords were shaken and had no will to resist. They were easily killed by Big Brother Maha. If he wanted them to submit, Big Brother Maha could do it. However, subduing those small fries was meaningless. Ordinary World Lords weren't worth anything!
At that time, Big Brother Maha dealt with them easily. But now, Shi Kongwu felt that Big Brother Maha was becoming serious. Or perhaps it was an unprecedented seriousness!
Why didn't the human brat below have any reaction? Was he really made of stone?
This was too … not giving Big Brother Maha any face at all!
Maha's roars didn't have any effect. He frowned and stretched out his hand to send out a Roar Command!
The Roar of the Great Expansion Realm could amplify his voice and spread it throughout the entire universe. That voice could directly enter one's heart. Because this voice directly escaped into one's mind through the laws of karma, no one could resist this voice. Therefore, it had an additional effect on his Great Domination Technique.
Since Maha of Zheng of the Human of God of the Human Alliance of the Human Of God Ruling Technique of the Human Ruling of the Human alliance of the Ruling
"Weng …"
The moment he activated the Roar Command, the powerful sound spread out again, instantly reaching every corner of the universe!
"Luo Zheng … submit to me!"
As this voice resounded, all the living beings in the Grand Evolution Realm heard this name!
"Luo's?"
"s" s "
"The Dao Children have returned?"
In the Great Ruling Realm, there were many people looking forward to the return of the Dao Children.
Although the vast majority of people were pessimistic, believing that humanity would not be able to stop the iron hooves of the saints and that the entire universe would eventually be dismembered by them, there was still a glimmer of hope hidden in their hearts.
They still had the Demi-Immortal Clan, the three great influences of humanity, the numerous Empyreans … and the Dao Children that had inherited the fate of the great era!
In these past three years, the saints had expanded at an inconceivable speed.
The Human Alliance had lost great worlds after great worlds and had already retreated to the territory of Gods No Thought. Besides the elites of the Human Alliance, the foundation of this influence had already been wiped out by the saints!
Facing this situation, who could remain optimistic?
They could only hope for a miracle to occur …
The voice that contained the laws of karma naturally passed into Luo Zheng's mind!
If Luo Zheng had blocked Maha's voice to resist his Great Ruling Art, then Maha's move might have had some effect. But what a pity, Luo Zheng was essentially relying on the strength of his soul to resist Maha's suppression!
Since Maha had used the Roaring Ruling Ruling Token, Luo Zheng's face lit up with a heroic spirit.
With a flick of his finger, two tokens quietly appeared in his hands.
One was the Roaring Ruling Token and the other was the Gen Token from the Immortal Mansion!
His eyes also began to shine, and under the golden light, they were even brighter than Maha's.
Maha's aura was an incomparably tyrannical ruler's domineering aura, mixed with a cruel and tyrannical temperament. This was the aura of a tyrant!
As for Luo Zheng, his aura was the opposite. The sharp edge of his soul and the domineering ruler's aura fused together. He was like a rising star of a dynasty, wearing the yellow robes of a wise ruler!
Luo Zheng's aura shot into the heavens. He hadn't comprehended the Great Ruling Art, but the soul might that erupted from his body was in no way weaker than Maha's!
"You are nothing but a mere fake saint. You are not upright and your bloodline is impure, yet you want me to submit to you? Maha, you should know just how much weight you have!"
As Luo Zheng shouted out, he activated the Roaring Ruling Token. His voice naturally spread throughout the entire universe!
Facing the impact of Luo Zheng's aura, Shi Kongwu, who was in Maha's arms, suddenly felt her chest tighten. Her mind buzzed and her complexion paled …
"This fellow's soul … is actually in no way inferior to Big Brother Maha's! How is this possible!? "
At this time, even Maha and the two saint Empyreans behind him had looks of disbelief on their faces.
"Gold battle soul! Emperor soul seal! You … "Maha was at a loss for words.
"Hahahahaha!"
Beneath the influence of the emperor soul seal, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with endless heroic spirit, completely different from his usual reserved temperament. He continued to say, "In the Spiritseal Race's Divine Soul Ancestral Land, there are a total of 130 people who have cultivated a complete emperor soul seal! You, Maha, are the number one saint Dao Child, but out of these 130 people, you are only ranked 80th! And I, Luo Zheng, am ranked first! Don't tell me that you are nothing but a mere fake saint, a fake! Even if you are a true saint, what qualifications do you have to make me submit to you!? What qualifications do you have!? "
"What qualifications do you have …"
"What qualifications do you have …"
Luo Zheng's voice echoed through the entire universe.
At this time, all of the saint martial artists had ugly complexions.
From the moment that they invaded the universe, they had proclaimed themselves descendants of the saints. They were the purest, most ancient, and most perfect race in the Realm of the Gods.
All other life forms were beneath them!
Now, Luo Zheng was calling them a 'fake saint'. This was the same as poking at their scars. This was what the saints couldn't tolerate the most. This was slandering the glory of the saints' bloodline!
What shocked the saints even more was the ranking in the Divine Soul Ancestral Land that Luo Zheng spoke of!
In their hearts, the almighty and omnipotent His Highness Dao Child Maha was only ranked 80th in the Divine Soul Ancestral Land?
This Luo Zheng was actually ranked first?
This was a fact that they couldn't accept!
Luo Zheng's soul aura simply couldn't attack Maha. After all, Maha also had a emperor soul seal. Moreover, after cultivating the Great Domination Art, his control over his aura was far more skillful and powerful than Luo Zheng's.
But, he cared about the content of Luo Zheng's words.
This fellow could be ranked first in the Divine Soul Ancestral Land?
This was impossible!
The Divine Soul Ancestral Land had gathered all of the peak geniuses of the universe, as well as the most outstanding talents of the Realm of the Gods. For him to be ranked in the top 80 was already an excellent result. But, this fellow had actually obtained first place? And left him far behind?
"You … nonsense! Empty words have no proof! "Maha retorted.
But at this time, Maha had forgotten a truth. In this sort of situation, there was no need to reason or engage in a war of words.
Everyone fought back and forth, relying on their aura and momentum. If anyone wanted the other to take out proof, they would have to be mentally ill.
Luo Zheng grasped the 'Gen Token' and already had a path of retreat. It was impossible for him to fight Maha here. Behind Maha stood two Empyreans. Moreover, Maha's strength wasn't simple.
But, if he could take this opportunity to ruthlessly attack Maha and strike down the saints' morale, why not?
"Hehe, in the Divine Soul Ancestral Land, the one ranked before you is called Lu Liang and the one behind you is called Zuo Lin. Have you forgotten? I forgot that in the Divine Soul Ancestral Land, I am ranked first, Brother Tianming is ranked third, and Brother Chengfeng is ranked 15th. But, you, Maha, have moved up by three places … I believe that it won't be long before you fall out of the top 100! "Luo Zheng continued to laugh.
The truth was that in the Divine Soul Ancestral Land, there were very few people that could comprehend the emperor soul seal. After countless years, only a hundred some people had managed to do so. Wanting to push Maha out of the top 100 was an impossible matter.

Chapter 1593
Ever since the saints invaded the universe, they had been unstoppable.
Not only did this race display their invincible strength, but they also promoted the nobility of the saints' bloodline.
For instance, every time Maha killed a World Master, he would use his Roar Command to announce this to the universe. They constantly proclaimed that the saints were the most perfect race in the Realm of the Gods and that all other races were inferior in front of them.
On one hand, they were strong enough. Combined with this propaganda, many martial artists had the misconception that the high and mighty saints were invincible. Compared to a perfect race like them, humanity was nothing but an inferior race.
In this sort of situation, many human martial artists feared the saints before they even fought. This pessimistic mood constantly spread through the human martial artists, ruthlessly striking at their morale!
Luo Zheng's current methods were simple. Not to mention that the saints in the Great Extreme Universe weren't the true saints, but even if these people really were the inheritances of the perfect race in the Realm of the Gods, Luo Zheng would still casually make them up!
First, he had to dampen the other side's spirit in order to save humanity's morale!
Now that the Roar Command had been activated, his voice spread throughout the universe. Countless lives were listening to him.
When two races fought, there were no rules to begin with …
Now, Luo Zheng represented the strongest human Dao Child and was quarreling with the number one saint Dao Child Maha. There was no need for rules. Slandering others, twisting black and white, making irresponsible remarks … Luo Zheng didn't hesitate to use all of these moves.
This Maha was wild and cruel, his style ruthless, and his actions decisive. But, as a Dao Child, he had always fought and killed in the Great Extreme Universe, so how could he possibly quarrel with others? He also didn't understand the art of sophistry. Encountering such a situation, he didn't know how to respond.
"Y-y-you … what nonsense are you spouting!" Maha retorted.
Unfortunately, his counterattack had no strength at all. Moreover, he stammered as if he didn't have any confidence at all.
Hearing Maha's voice, many saint martial artists in the Great Extreme Universe couldn't help but shake their heads. Their Saint Son's talent was outstanding and he was strong, but his ability to quarrel with others was far too poor!
Maha's counterattack was like a light punch. Not only did it have no strength, but it also revealed a flaw!
How could Luo Zheng let go of this opportunity?
"I know you have a guilty conscience. The Great Extremity Universe has its own troubles, and your fake Saint Clan is also in danger of being exterminated. The Heaven Ghoul Race has gathered five True Gods and a thousand Celestial Venerables. They are bound to destroy your Great Extremity Universe and your fake Saint Clan. You can only fight with all your might, hoping to squeeze into my Great Extremity Universe and struggle at death's door like stray dogs!" Luo Zheng clutched the Roaring Command Token tightly. His voice became brighter and brighter, and his speech became more and more fluent. The golden light in his eyes became more and more intense, and his aura of righteousness was even more majestic. His voice was extremely infectious.
But what he said was just nonsense …
The Heaven Ghoul Race was something Luo Zheng had made up on the spot. As for the thousand Celestial Venerables … it was impossible for a single universe to hold so many Celestial Venerables.
However, how would ordinary martial artists know about this?
But now, Luo Zheng's words sounded so convincing. Not to mention the human martial artists, even the saint martial artists were skeptical of his words!
"Your Goliath Race does not uphold the righteous path. Instead, you seek benefits and avoid harm. You take advantage of the situation and invade my Great Extremity Universe. You cause misery and suffering, and you bring disaster to trillions of lives. This is a great enmity that can turn the heavens! I, Luo Zheng, have inherited the great destiny of the Heavenly Dao. As the son of the world, I will lead my tribe to slay you Yama brats and expel you into the universe. I will do my best! Summon the countless living beings beneath the dome of my universe to resist the invaders … "
Luo Zheng's interest was piqued at this moment. He wrote a 'declaration of war'!
This was also Luo Zheng's declaration of war!
Before this, the saints had declared war without declaring war, and the demi-immortal race had adopted a policy of appeasement, not directly confronting the saints. They had even sacrificed several thousand great worlds of the Human Alliance!
Halfway through, Heavenly Venerable Oracle had indignantly chosen to confront the saints head-on. However, he had suffered a crushing defeat, severely damaging the morale of the human race.
However, the old patriarch and the demi-immortal race couldn't be blamed for this. After all, the purpose of the demi-immortal race's existence was to wait for the Dao children to mature. This was also Luo Xiao's plan. However, there had been a flaw in his plan. He hadn't anticipated that the saints would invade the universe ahead of time …
Now that Luo Zheng had returned, the first thing he did was to represent the human race and declare war!
This' declaration of war 'was spoken with a heroic spirit that reached the heavens. It stirred up the pride in the hearts of countless living beings in the universe. Their fear of the saints also vanished like smoke in thin air!
"Good! This Luo Zheng is worthy of being called a first-rate genius! "
"As a member of the universe, we will contribute our last drop of blood!"
"Although we are mortals, we do not care about the lives of mortals. The saints are the barbarians. They may be strong, but it is wishful thinking to conquer us!"
"… …"
Throughout the universe, all the major races and martial artists of all levels, as well as all the intelligent beings hiding in underground caves and in the depths of the starry sky, were in an uproar at this moment!
"Hahahahaha … …"
Suddenly, a burst of heroic laughter rang out in the universe.
This voice belonged to Heavenly Venerable Origin Demon of the demons!
"Luo Zheng, boy, not bad, not bad. In the past, the demons wanted to get rid of you as soon as possible. I didn't expect that today, we would have to join forces with you to fight the enemy! This barbarian race is not worth mentioning. Once I wipe out these traitors of the Demon Night Clan, I will join forces with you! "
As soon as Heavenly Venerable Origin Demon finished speaking, another voice rang out. This time, it was the voice of the old patriarch of the demi-immortal race. Old man Feng said, "The demi-immortal race has received the secret order of the Lord of Dayan to support Luo Zheng in order to control the barbarians. Now that Luo Zheng has returned, we naturally declare war!"
"The Xuanyuan clan is the disciple of the Lord of Dayan. Today … …"
"The Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region is … …"
"The Human Alliance is … …"
Luo Zheng's' declaration of war 'was like a spark thrown into a pot of kerosene, instantly igniting the universe. At the same time, several great human influences used the Roar Command to declare war on the saints … …
Within the Human Alliance, at another great boundary.
The corpses of the saints had already piled up into mountains. The masters of these corpses had all been at the Third Divine Transformation.
Among them, 326 were at the Divine Sea realm, 67 were at the Extreme Divine realm, and 14 were at the Divine Transformation realm … …
A young human girl stood at the peak of this mountain of corpses.
Her eye-catching nine-colored dress fluttered in the wind. Under her pitch-black long hair, the right side of her face, which had some baby fat, was already badly mutilated. One of her eyeballs had even burst open. It was too horrible to look at. However, just by looking at the left side of her face, one could still feel the beauty of this girl.
In front of this young girl were two saint race World Lords.
These two saint race World Lords were also heavily wounded. They floated in the air, constantly gasping for breath as they vigilantly stared at this young human girl.
Because Luo Zheng and Maha were arguing with each other through the Roar Command, the battle between the two sides had come to a halt.
The young girl's eyes never fell on the two saint race World Lords. At this time, her wooden face was looking towards the distant skies.
Her remaining right eye was blinking …
The moment she heard Luo Zheng's voice, the sadness in her eyes vanished, replaced with joy and relief.
"Did you hear that?" The young girl's large eye suddenly curved into a crescent moon shape as she smiled at the two saint race World Lords.
The two saint race World Lords were stunned … being tricked by Luo Zheng like this was a great blow to their mental state.
"Hear my ass!"
"Kill this woman!"
The two World Lords felt a sense of irritation and irritation in their hearts.
This woman's methods were far too terrifying. In front of them, she had exterminated an entire saint race army!
What was even more hateful was that this woman came and went without a trace. She had even been able to safely escape the pursuit of a saint race Empyrean!
"If you didn't hear it, then you should listen carefully." The young girl's voice was crisp and clear, but it contained a trace of icy cold killing intent, as if there were no emotions contained within.
Seeing the two World Lords rush over, the young girl stepped on her wooden clogs and leapt backwards, maintaining a free landing position.
Her originally heavily wounded left face began to rapidly recover. The wounds on her face constantly wriggled and her ruptured eyeball returned to its original position. The wounds on her face began to rapidly heal, instantly restoring her beautiful face!
From behind her, beams of nine colored light shot out. These beams of light formed ribbons that were like the tail feathers of a phoenix, sweeping towards the two saint race World Lords …
"Listen carefully, that is the greatest pride of our human race!"
These were the last words the two saint race World Lords heard from the young girl before they died.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1594
Within the Cinderclast World.
Giant rocks were burned red.
The two figures shuttled back and forth rapidly. The moment their feet touched the rocks, they shot forward. In an instant, they were dozens of miles away. Their figures were exceptionally agile.
And behind the two of them, there was a saint race sector lord following closely behind!
These two were Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
Sage Jiu sent the Daoists back to the Great Expansion Universe, but due to the effects of the Greater Space Technique, the nine Daoists were scattered all over the universe …
Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng fell into the Cinderclast World together.
Unfortunately, the Cinderclast World also belonged to the Human Alliance and was in the depths of many great worlds controlled by the Sacred Race.
When they fell into the Cinderclast World, they alerted the Sacred Race and attracted the pursuit of a Sacred Race realm lord.
This pursuit lasted for three days and three nights …
"You can't escape." The Sacred Race realm lord's voice echoed in the sky.
Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng used Greater Space Teleportation many times, but they still couldn't shake off the Sacred Race realm lord.
The two of them had just stepped into the realm of realm lords and weren't that stable. If they worked together, it would be difficult to defeat the Sacred Race realm lord.
The Sacred Race realm lord suddenly grew taller and sneered when he saw the two youths jumping through the rocks.
In his eyes, the two of them were just rats scurrying through the cracks in the rocks!
"Heavenly Dome Suppression!"
The Sacred Race realm lord waved his hand and sent out a profound seal.
Rays of black light spread out from the distant sky. These rays of light seemed to cut off a corner of the sky and formed a giant handprint that fiercely crashed down!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng looked up and his eyes flashed. "Greater Space Teleportation!"
Ji Luoxue nodded at the same time. White light spread out from their feet and they disappeared in the blink of an eye.
The Sacred Race realm lord sneered. He stepped out and also used Greater Space Teleportation to chase after them.
This saint race world lord's cultivation was much more stable than Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Ji Luoxue. His greater teleportation distance was tens of times greater than the two of them. Before this, he had already spread his senses out to a thousand miles radius. The instant the two fellows teleported, he was able to detect their location!
"Whoosh … Whoosh!"
Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng appeared on top of a flaming mountain a hundred li away!
At the instant they appeared, the Saint Race Great World Overlord appeared as well. The distance between the two sides didn't pull apart. Instead, it got closer and closer.
"Hualala …"
The Blazing Mountain Range was red all year round. Streams of Earth Fire shot out from the cracks in the rocks, spewing out blazing flames.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng held his spear in his hand while Ji Luoxue's Five Elements Light kept flashing in his hands. It seemed like he didn't plan on running away anymore.
"Since you can't escape, you plan to fight to the death?" The Great Saint Race World Lord laughed. This game of chase had come to an end. This Great Saint Race World Lord had already killed 12 human world overlords after entering the Great Yan Universe. He didn't place these two human world overlords in his eyes at all.
"However, I'm still very curious. How can there be such foolish fellows in the human race? To actually lose your way and come here!" The Saint Race Great World Lord asked.
Along the way, he had already asked this question three times, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Ji Luoxue never answered.
Fiery Rock World was the core of the Human Alliance. Because of this, the Saint Race didn't send too many experts to guard this place. They also didn't need to use the Blood Curse Technique. After all, they needed to stabilize the borders! If the human race wanted to take over Fiery Rock World, they needed to attack from the borders. This was clearly impossible.
Just as the Saint Race Great World Lord was about to attack …
Maha and Luo Zheng's voices echoed in the universe.
The Saint Race Great World Lord revealed a puzzled look as he listened attentively.
Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng heard Luo Zheng's voice and revealed a trace of a smile on their faces.
"This guy … He just came back and already caused such a big commotion." Ji Luoxue smiled.
"Hmph, what limelight is stolen by him." Xuanyuan Chenfeng rolled his eyes.
After hearing Luo Zheng and Maha's conversation, the Saint Race Great World Lord revealed a trace of confusion. When he looked at Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng again, he suddenly thought of something …
These two fellows didn't run quickly and didn't seem to be in a hurry.
There was even a period of time when they ran back and forth around the borders of Fiery Rock World. They didn't seem to want to completely shake him off.
Before, the Saint Race Great World Lord felt that it was very strange, but he didn't understand the reason behind it. Anyways, these two young fellows had just stepped into the realm of Sector Lords. Recently, he had been stationed in Fiery Rock World and was indeed a bit bored, so he took the initiative to participate in this game of cat and mouse.
Thinking about it carefully, they didn't seem to be running away, but wanted to lead him away …
In these three days and nights, his subordinates had all been shaken off. He was the only one left!
Did these two think they could kill him with their own strength?
Two Sector Lords wanted to kill a Great World Lord. This was playing with fire.
When Maha pointed out Luo Zheng's identity as a "Dao Child", the Saint Race Great World Lord suddenly understood something!
Why did these two fellows get lost! Because they didn't run over from Gods No Thoughts, but came from outside the universe!
They came from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they were Dao Children …
His previous doubts were resolved at this moment.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng understood the Saint Race Great World Lord's expression and revealed a faint cold smile, "It's time to make a move."
"It's already begun." Ji Luoxue's lips curled up, revealing a beautiful smile that was extremely mesmerizing.
"Rumble!"
From beneath the Saint Race Great World Lord's feet, a huge hand suddenly appeared.
This huge hand was formed from highly condensed rocks. To Ji Luoxue who controlled the five elements, he could control the five elements at will.
Because it happened so suddenly, the Saint Race Great World Lord didn't have time to react and was firmly pinched by the huge hand.
The Saint Race Great World Lord panicked.
He didn't know the strength of the Dao Children in the Great Evolution Universe, but as the number one Dao Child in the Great Evolution Universe, Maha's strength was obvious to all. No matter what, the strength of these Dao Children far exceeded those of the same level. The two of them really could kill him!
This huge rock hand couldn't cause any substantial damage to him, it only restrained him.
At this moment, he wanted to use the Great Shift Technique to temporarily escape this place!
But the Great Shift Technique wasn't instantly released, it required a process.
With his Great World Lord's mastery of the Great Shift Technique, it required half a breath of time to completely release it.
"So stupid." Ji Luoxue shook his head.
Just as the Saint Race World Lord released half of his energy, the giant stone hand smashed him into the ground.
"Rumble!"
This smash caused the saint race Great World Overlord to feel dizzy and confused. The Space Laws he released just now formed a blazing white tunnel where he was, but he had already deviated from his original position.
The Great Shift Technique had failed!
If the Saint Race Great World Lord's state of mind was stable and he didn't panic, he would first break free from the rock hand and then use the Great Shift Technique. It wouldn't be difficult to escape, but in his panic, he messed up the order and naturally couldn't move out.
And the greater teleportation technique couldn't be used indefinitely. Even this saint race world lord needed 20 breaths of time before he could use greater teleportation again.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng wouldn't give him that much time.
He held the spear in his hand and shot towards the Saint Race Great World Lord. At the same time, his eyes emitted a faint green light!
In his eyes, the entire world turned into countless thin lines and countless dots.
"Death Acupuncture Point." Xuanyuan Chenfeng quickly rushed forward and found the Saint Race Great World Lord's Death Acupuncture Point. The spear in his hand spun and he wanted to kill the Saint Race Great World Lord in one strike.
Facing Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Spear of Law, the Saint Race Great World Lord's heart beat wildly. This was a great life and death crisis!
"Dream on! Ten Thousand Beasts Devour the Soul! "
"Roar …"
Above the Saint Race Great World Lord's head, a scroll quickly unfurled. Numerous lifelike fierce beasts pounced towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Although these beast spirits were incomparably fierce, in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, they were still thin lines and dots.
"Unable to withstand a single blow!"
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, these beast spirits were all Death Acupuncture Points.
"Sou sou sou!"
The Truth Divine Dao was originally extremely tyrannical. No matter how strong you were, even if an Empyrean was hit by the spear, they would still die, let alone these beast spirits.
Under the thrust of the spear, the beast spirits were all shattered. They were unable to stop Xuanyuan Chenfeng at all!
In an instant, his spear was already pressed against the Saint Race Great World Lord's neck.
"Even if you kill me, you won't be able to leave the Firestone World. This is my Saint Race's core great world!" The Saint Race Great World Lord hatefully said.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled, "You don't need to worry about that!"
The tip of the spear lightly tapped, leaving a small bloody hole in the Saint Race Great World Lord's body. Following that, a long and thin crack extended from the bloody hole. The Saint Race Great World Lord's entire body shattered like porcelain!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng lightly shook the spear, shaking off the blood on the spear tip. "Time to find a place to hide!"
"I don't know when Grandfather will come to save us." Ji Luoxue was a bit worried. This Saint Race Great World Lord was right. It was still very difficult for them to leave this place.
"Don't worry, Luo Zheng has already exposed himself. Lord Ancestor will definitely calculate the location and bring us back." Xuanyuan Chenfeng was full of confidence.
The Saint Race was unable to calculate in the Great Yan Universe because they were unable to communicate with the Heavenly Dao.
How could the Great Yan Universe's Heavenly Dao help these invaders?
Now that Luo Zheng caused a ruckus, everyone knew that the Daoists had already returned to the universe. Both the Human Race and Saint Race would do their best to find them. However, the universe was so big that it was very difficult for the Saint Race to lock onto a specific martial artist. That was like looking for a needle in a haystack.
However, under the Empyrean Empyrean's divination in the Great Yan Universe, it was easy to lock onto the Daoists' position.

Chapter 1595
Maha had originally planned on using the Great Domination Art to force Luo Zheng to submit to him.
He never thought that his plan would backfire and he would be taught a lesson by Luo Zheng instead. This had aroused the hatred of the entire Great Evolution Universe!
As Maha heard this roar from the universe, his complexion darkened to the point where it could drip water!
Maha had led the saint martial artists to slaughter their way through, completely suppressing the morale of humanity. Then, the rebellion of the Demon Night Clan had dealt a fatal blow to humanity. Although the so-called Demon Race had intervened, the morale of humanity's three great influences had already fallen to a freezing point.
Because of Luo Zheng's words, all of his previous efforts seemed to have been wasted …
"Don't let him speak again." Maha coldly ordered. He no longer wanted to do anything himself.
He couldn't use the Great Domination Art to force Luo Zheng to submit, but that didn't mean he couldn't control Luo Zheng. There were many ways to enslave a martial artist.
In Maha's opinion, no matter how eloquent or sharp-tongued Luo Zheng was, he wouldn't be able to escape the palm of his hand. The two saint Empyreans behind Maha already had this intention. They were also silently cursing His Highness Daozi in their hearts.
What was the point of speaking so much with this boy? Instead, they would be retorted by him. It was a thankless task. They might as well capture him and plant a Saint Enslavement Seal on him. How could he resist?
Since Luo Zheng was trapped in the Seven Extreme Boundaries, he was nothing more than a piece of meat on a chopping board. They could cut him up however they wanted.
With Maha's order, the saint Empyrean Dim Darkness reached out a hand towards Luo Zheng.
His arm instantly passed through space like a fish, appearing beside Luo Zheng and grabbing towards Luo Zheng's head!
But Luo Zheng remained vigilant at all times. Before Maha gave the order, he had already used greater teleportation.
A blazing white power of space spread outwards. Luo Zheng instantly flew a hundred miles away, avoiding Empyrean Dim Darkness's grasp.
Empyrean Dim Darkness's complexion didn't change. "Do you think you can escape?"
He had already planted a mark on Luo Zheng's body, so no matter which direction Luo Zheng moved, he would be able to detect it in an instant.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was like a little sheep running wildly on the plains. No matter how hard he tried to run, it was impossible for him to escape the hunt of a falcon. He could even let Luo Zheng run as much as he wanted and let him fall into despair before hunting him down.
Maha, Shi Kongwu, and Empyrean Myriad Poison also thought the same. Therefore, when they saw Luo Zheng escape, they did not show any expression on their faces.
Right when Heavenly Exalt Dim intended to carry out spatial teleportation in pursuit, his face suddenly froze, and his eyes suddenly revealed an expression of disbelief …
Maha held Shi Kongwu in his arms, calming his mind as he thought about how to deal with Luo Zheng. After completely enslaving him, he could use his status as a Dao Child to suppress the human race. In addition, this boy seemed to have many secrets on him …
"The Roaring Token in that kid's hand seems to be a strange item. It can be used repeatedly. Interesting …"
As he was thinking, he noticed Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim's expression. He asked curiously, "Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim, what is it?"
"He, he disappeared …" Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim's expression was extremely unnatural.
"What?" Maha's expression changed.
The Myriad Poisons Exalted Celestial, who had been silent at the side, was similarly shocked. He immediately released his perception, and the scene within a radius of ten thousand miles appeared in his mind!
An Empyrean's perception was extremely powerful. It was impossible for any living being within 10,000 miles to escape his detection.
"He really disappeared." Under this probing, it was indeed as Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim had said. Luo Zheng … had truly disappeared.
"No, he disappeared there!" Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim frowned, and then his figure vanished from where he was.
Empyrean Myriad Poison also seemed to sense something strange. He instantly used greater teleportation …
On a small hill a hundred miles south of the Seven Supreme Immortal City, there was a small mini Immortal Abode.
This Immortal Abode floated in the air, slowly rotating. It looked abnormally beautiful, like a toy that a craftsman had built.
The two Heavenly Exalts, Maha, and the other Sacred Race martial artists arrived and saw this small Immortal Abode.
"Spatial Dharma treasure?" Maha's lips curled up slightly, and a trace of mockery appeared on his face.
"Just now, Luo Zheng's aura disappeared here. He should have entered this Immortal Abode," Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim Dim said as he stared at the slowly rotating Immortal Abode.
Maha nodded. After seeing this immortal mansion, his heart that had been hanging in the air immediately calmed down.
If Luo Zheng really escaped in front of them, it would be a great loss of face.
Moreover, Maha was even clearer that Mu Hai's primary goal was to capture these Dao Disciples!
If they really let Luo Zheng slip away, even Maha would probably face severe punishment.
"Come out, Luo Zheng. There's no point in hiding inside. I feel that you don't like being a coward," Maha said indifferently. A mere spatial Dharma treasure was nothing in his eyes.
The mini Immortal Abode didn't respond. It just slowly rotated in place …
Maha pointed with a finger and instructed, "Destroy this spatial Dharma treasure."
"This small Immortal Abode is rather exquisite. After forcing that Luo Zheng out, can Big Brother Maha give it to me?" Shi Kongwu stared at the Immortal Abode with fondness in her eyes.
Maha wiped Shi Kongwu's face and chuckled, "Of course you can."
Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim Dim's gaze focused on the Immortal Abode. He suddenly reached out with both hands and grabbed the mini Immortal Abode, releasing a terrifying power!
"Netherworld Divine Strangle!"
Streaks of blazing white spatial nomological power formed a miniature spatial tornado in his hands, enveloping the mini Immortal Abode within.
In Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim Dim's imagination, this spatial strangle could instantly tear the Immortal Abode into pieces!
However, under the continuous strangle of that spiral-shaped tornado, the mini Immortal Abode didn't budge at all …
"Eh?" Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim Dim looked surprised.
Maha glanced indifferently at Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim Dim, making him blush with embarrassment. A dignified Heavenly Exalt actually couldn't even break open a small spatial Dharma treasure. It was rather embarrassing.
"Great Netherworld Divine Strangle!"
At this moment, Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim Dim was serious. He focused on cultivating spatial nomological laws, his destructive power was extremely strong!
Around the Immortal Abode, transparent spatial blades appeared and started slicing apart the Immortal Abode …
"Creak, creak …"
Under the powerful slashing of the spatial blades, a series of teeth-numbing sounds could be heard.
After tens of breaths …
Heavenly Exalt Dim Dim, Heavenly Exalt Myriad Poison, Maha, Shi Kongwu and the group of sacred race sector lords started to stare at each other.
The expressions on their faces became extremely interesting.
From the start, they didn't treat the Immortal Abode as a big deal. Even the strongest spatial Dharma treasure's defensive power was limited. How could a Heavenly Exalt not be able to destroy the Immortal Abode?
However, they thought too simply of the Immortal Abode.
The same expression appeared on the faces of many Heavenly Exalts in the Great Yan Universe ten years ago …
"Fun right?" Luo Zheng's voice spread from the universe into the ears of Maha and the rest. "If you want to capture me, you'll have to see if you have the qualifications to destroy this spatial Dharma treasure!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, many Heavenly Exalts in the Great Yan Universe revealed an involuntary smile.
This brat went into that divine artifact Immortal Abode again …
From the start, these Heavenly Exalts weren't worried about Luo Zheng's safety.
They had seen the sturdiness of this Immortal Abode. Back then, many Heavenly Exalts took turns to attack it but were unable to do anything to it. Later on, a few of them were killed by those desperate chaotic fights …
"Stinking brat, you!"
Maha felt like he was going crazy.
Where did this brat find this spatial Dharma treasure!
"Heavenly Exalt Myriad Poison, you go!" Maha ordered.
"Yes, Your Highness Daozi!"
This Heavenly Exalt Myriad Poison was an expert in researching all kinds of poisons. The Mandate of Heaven he bore was the law of life!
In terms of killing methods, Heavenly Exalt Myriad Poison was extremely skilled. However, in terms of destructive power, he was inferior to Heavenly Exalt Dim Darkness. However, since His Highness Daozi had spoken, he had to give it a try no matter what.
Then, he suddenly stretched out his hand. His arm turned pitch black and suffused with traces of phosphorescent light.
This was a kind of poison that could increase one's strength. It could turn his hands into a pair of invincible poisonous hands for a short period of time!
This pair of poisonous hands grabbed the Immortal Abode and then released a berserk power to knead the Immortal Abode.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
He actually wanted to forcibly break open the Immortal Abode!
However, the Immortal Abode still didn't move at all. It still slowly rotated in front of them at its own speed.

Chapter 1596
Maha narrowed his eyes and stared at the immortal mansion for a long time before saying coldly, "I'll let my father do it."
The Sacred Race was a totalitarian society, and there was only one force in the entire universe.
The status of Celestial Venerables was not equal, but arranged like a pyramid. Maha's father represented the strongest Celestial Venerables of the Sacred Race!
He didn't believe that he couldn't do anything to a mere spatial treasure.
But just as he finished speaking, the laws of space fluctuated, and the immortal mansion sank down.
In the blink of an eye, the immortal mansion disappeared from everyone's eyes.
Thus, Maha and the others were stunned and looked at each other again.
Next, they used all kinds of methods to find the immortal mansion.
But whether they used their perception or dug three feet into the ground, they couldn't find the shadow of the immortal mansion.
In the end, the angry roar of His Highness Daoist came from the hillside outside the Seven Absolutes Immortal City.
Inside the immortal mansion.
Luo Zheng held a teleportation token in his hand with a faint smile on his face.
With the "Gen" token and the "teleportation token", he could bring the entire immortal mansion to any place in the universe.
At this moment, Luo Zheng took the immortal mansion and escaped into the space created by the teleportation token. In this space, Luo Zheng could choose any large world to descend to.
Behind Luo Zheng, a group of people stood in the square of the immortal mansion, looking at Luo Zheng with eager eyes.
Since Luo Zheng returned to the Vast Thousand Realms, he had taken all his close relatives in the Cloud Hall into the immortal mansion.
The entire universe was in great danger, and the safest place was probably this immortal mansion.
This immortal mansion was completely under Luo Zheng's control. It could be said that even if the entire universe was overturned, this immortal mansion would still be intact. As long as he didn't connect the immortal mansion's projection to this place, others wouldn't be able to find this place.
In the crowd, Ning Yudie's beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng.
In the past ten years, she and Luo Zheng had been apart more than together. Every time they met, they would leave in a hurry. But she knew that her husband was entangled by the heavens, and she couldn't help him. She could only wait here quietly, but there was no one to talk about the pain in her heart.
"Husband …"
Ning Yudie tiptoed and her body swayed slightly. She rushed to Luo Zheng's side and touched Luo Zheng's face with her cold little hands. Her eyes were full of tenderness and sweetness.
When Granny Yu and the others saw this scene, they also felt gratified. At least Luo Zheng had returned safely.
After returning to his immortal mansion, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to go to the Demi-Immortal Clan. Instead, he decided to stay for a while ….
After hugging Ning Yudie for a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng asked softly, "Where's Luo Nian?"
On the square, Luo Zheng didn't see Luo Nian.
Four years ago, when Luo Zheng saw Luo Nian, he was only seven years old. Now, almost four years later, Luo Nian was already eleven years old.
At that time, Luo Nian was still a little naughty child. She didn't know how he was now.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Ning Yudie showed a reproachful expression. As a father, he was indeed too unqualified, but she couldn't bear to blame her husband.
"Nian 'er, Nian' er is in the library," Ning Yudie smiled faintly.
"The library?" Luo Zheng was surprised. Before he left, he did give the library's token to Ning Yudie so that they could freely enter and leave.
After hiding in this immortal mansion for several years, they couldn't be confined to the square all the time. That would be too boring.
Ning Yudie's face showed a trace of pride. "Husband, you'll know when you see it."
Seeing Ning Yudie's reaction, Luo Zheng was even more confused. He immediately went straight to the library.
As soon as he entered the library, he saw Luo Nian sitting under a huge book with his eyes closed in thought. It seemed that he was reading the contents of the book.
Luo Zheng was just about to speak when the immortal in the book suddenly made a shushing motion. Ning Yudie hurriedly stretched out two slender fingers and pressed them against Luo Zheng's mouth.
"Husband, don't disturb Nian 'er," Ning Yudie said hurriedly.
Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment. What did this kid do these past few years?
Luo Zheng had only been with Luo Nian for a very short time. Four years ago, they met for the first time for only a few months. However, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng and Luo Nian didn't have any father-son relationship.
Since everyone had such a reaction, Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. He also waited on the side with everyone.
After a long time, Luo Nian exhaled slightly. His eyes flashed slightly and a heroic spirit appeared on his face. His eyes turned and shot towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Nian smiled slightly and called out, "Father! You're back. "
Hearing Luo Nian call him father, Luo Zheng's heart swayed slightly. He felt that his son seemed to have grown up overnight. He was overjoyed.
"Hehe," the immortal in the book laughed mischievously. "Nian 'er, did you learn anything today?"
Luo Nian nodded. "I can write down the contents for you, Grandpa Immortal in the book."
Hearing this, the immortal in the book was overjoyed. He waved his hand and pieces of paper floated towards Luo Nian. "Quick, quick. Otherwise, you'll forget."
Luo Nian smiled faintly. "You know that Nian 'er has an extraordinary memory. How could I forget what I've seen? It's just that you're in a hurry to read it. "
The immortal in the book didn't even blush when he lied. "No, no … no matter how good a memory is, it's not as good as a lousy pen. This kind of thing naturally has to be written down. After all, it involves too much."
Hearing their conversation, the confusion on Luo Zheng's face deepened. What was Luo Nian doing?
Then he walked up and asked, "What did Luo Nian write?"
The immortal in the book glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng and sighed. "Your son is amazing!"
"Amazing?"
In Luo Zheng's memory, Luo Nian seemed to have some talent in the Dao of Divine Glyphs. However, ever since he was born, Luo Zheng had never properly taught him the Dao of Divine Glyphs.
Luo Zheng couldn't understand why the immortal in the book would say that his son was "amazing."
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the immortal in the book said indifferently, "Luo Zheng, do you know the origin of the Exalted Tool Refining Method you have?"
Before this, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, after his trip to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he understood.
"The Exalted Tool Refining Method should have come from those 'people'. Some people call it a creature of a higher level," Luo Zheng replied.
The immortal in the book chuckled. "The concept of a creature of a higher level was proposed by my master. The person who told you should be Sage Jiu, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"Every golden Sanskrit character in the Exalted Tool Refining Method contains a large amount of information. Besides the Exalted Tool Refining Method, there are several other techniques. However, my master has never completely deciphered the Exalted Tool Refining Method or the other techniques!" the immortal in the book said.
"Yes, I know." Luo Zheng nodded.
The Exalted Tool Refining Method continued to work on Luo Zheng. However, whether it was Gu Bei, Sage Jiu, or even Luo Zheng himself, none of them understood the meaning of the golden Sanskrit characters.
Usually, only a few golden Sanskrit characters could be deciphered.
"In the past four years, Luo Nian has always been in the library, but he has deciphered nine golden Sanskrit characters!" The immortal in the book revealed a proud expression. Luo Nian's interest in the Sanskrit characters in the library was naturally due to the immortal in the book.
In the beginning, the child was particularly naughty, treating the library as a place to hide. However, after the immortal in the book showed him some interesting things, the child was deeply enthralled.
Every day, apart from a small amount of cultivation, he devoted his time to the library. He constantly read the Northern Sage's books and tried to appreciate the golden Sanskrit characters. It seemed that the golden Sanskrit characters had a unique charm that attracted Luo Nian.
In the beginning, Ning Yudie was rather worried about Luo Nian's reaction. For a period of time, Granny Yu even forbade Luo Nian from entering the library.
However, after the immortal in the book realized that Luo Nian had extraordinary talent in this area, he convinced Ning Yudie. At the same time, he told them that the golden Sanskrit characters were of great importance. If Luo Nian could make some achievements in this area, his achievements could be even greater than Luo Zheng's.
In Ning Yudie's eyes, her husband was an existence that could never be surpassed. Could Luo Nian surpass her father?
If Luo Nian could really become a talent like her husband, Ning Yudie would naturally be willing.
In the past few years, apart from trying to figure out Gu Bei's various speculations, he also tried to decipher the golden Sanskrit characters himself. He didn't expect Luo Nian to succeed.
This was also something that the immortal in the book never expected.
"Nian 'er … can decipher the golden Sanskrit characters?" Luo Zheng's eyes widened. He looked at Luo Nian not far away, his eyes full of incredulity.
Seeing his father's surprised expression, Luo Nian couldn't help but smile, but his smile was a little shy.
As for Ning Yudie and the others, they were very happy to see Luo Zheng's surprise.
Luo Zheng was exceptionally outstanding in every aspect, but Luo Nian was far superior to Luo Zheng in deciphering the golden Sanskrit characters. Ning Yudie was naturally a little proud.
"Quick, show me the deciphering content of the Sanskrit characters!" Luo Zheng was also a little anxious. He knew what this meant.
Luo Nian's expression was indeed very calm. After taking a pen and paper, he began to write down the content he deciphered. Soon after, thousands of words appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1597
Although Luo Nian was only eleven years old, his handwriting was very good, and he had the style of a willow tree.
Luo Zheng stared at him from the side, feeling more and more amazed.
There was only one word in the golden Sanskrit, but the thing he deciphered had to be explained with over a thousand words?
Just as Sage Jiu had said, this "leapfrog life form" was a life form of a higher level. Their way of existence and communication were very difficult to understand!
At present, the entire Divine Realm was still trying to figure out this "leapfrog life form". They had only obtained a portion of the language of this race, so it was very difficult to understand them.
After writing the last word, Luo Nian smiled at Luo Zheng.
The Immortal of Books impatiently reached out to snatch the manuscript, but Luo Nian moved his hand slightly and handed it to Luo Zheng.
The Immortal of Books could only glare at Luo Nian. There was nothing he could do, not to mention that Luo Zheng was the Immortal of Books' master.
Luo Zheng took his son's manuscript and read it word by word, the curiosity on his face growing stronger and stronger.
"This golden Sanskrit seems to be used to describe the scenery of a certain place. It seems to be a lake?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Nian nodded. "It should be, and this lake should exist outside the Divine Realm."
"You know about the Divine Realm?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
Luo Nian rolled his eyes, showing the expression of a little adult, as if it was natural for him to know about the Divine Realm.
The Immortal of Books next to him laughed mischievously. "Little guy, you've been working very hard these past few years, reading all the books in the library. I'm afraid you know even more than the master."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng felt rather ashamed.
Although he had opened the library, he hadn't spent much time inside. It could even be said that his performance was quite utilitarian. He had only taken the techniques he needed from the library, and hadn't read the rest of the books!
It wasn't Luo Zheng's fault. He had always been troubled by many dangers, leaving him too little time … Even now, Luo Zheng had a heavy responsibility on his shoulders.
Luo Nian was so intelligent because he had inherited Luo Zheng's talent. Although he had no intention of practicing martial arts, he could use this talent on another path and naturally achieve good results.
Luo Zheng skimmed through the thousand words and had a general idea.
The master of this immortal mansion, Luo Zheng's master Gu Bei, was still traveling in the endless primal chaos.
Gu Bei's travels in the primal chaos were recorded in the Primal Chaos Record. During that exploration, Gu Bei didn't discover any other civilizations. In the endless primal chaos, apart from the boundless primal chaos, there were only mysterious and undecipherable lightning bolts. It was an empty and lonely world.
But the golden Sanskrit that Luo Nian had deciphered seemed to record the existence of a huge blue lake in the primal chaos. According to Luo Nian's description, the whole lake was quite big, but Luo Nian couldn't describe how big it was, because the distance scale used in the civilization of "creatures of a higher level" was completely different from the system passed down in the Divine Realm.
The lake was somewhere in the depths of the primal chaos. As for whether the lake was a settlement of "creatures of a higher level", it was impossible to know from the golden Sanskrit.
"It's a pity that the things recorded in this golden Sanskrit don't seem to be very valuable." Luo Zheng looked regretful after reading it.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Afo and the Immortal of Books laughed.
"This is already quite an amazing discovery." The Immortal of Books shook his head at Luo Zheng. "In the Divine Realm, the value of Luo Nian's manuscript is unimaginable … Master will understand when you go to the Divine Realm in the future."
Afo nodded in agreement. "Master has indeed underestimated the value of this golden Sanskrit."
The Divine Realm was still an unknown world to Luo Zheng.
After countless Divine Eras, the Divine Realm had already developed to its peak. When a civilization developed to this point, the only way out was to expand outwards. But the Divine Realm was shrouded in the endless primal chaos and looked like an isolated island.
In this situation, those golden Sanskrit characters represented information beyond the isolated island. Let alone the fact that the Sanskrit characters Luo Nian had deciphered recorded a lake, even if it recorded something boring, its value in the Realm of the Gods would still be extraordinary!
In the future, when Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine Realm and learned of the value of this translation, he would naturally be amazed …
Now that the Immortal of Books and Afo had said so, Luo Zheng could only understand a small part of it. He looked pleased. "Nian 'er has indeed grown up!" After saying that, he handed the stack of manuscripts to the Book Immortal. After the Book Immortal read it, she carefully put it away.
At that moment, everyone heard a clanking sound coming from the entrance of the library.
"Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng, you're back!"
A puppet made of iron sheets rushed into the library.
Seeing this person, Ning Yudie gently twisted her body and stood in front of her son protectively, a look of vigilance on her face.
They had stayed in the Immortal of Books for a few years and already knew that there was a strange iron monster in the workshop.
This puppet was different from the Immortal of Books and Afo.
The Immortal of Books was amiable and approachable, while Afo was respectful and reverent. Most importantly, the two of them didn't look much different from humans.
As for the iron monster in the workshop, not only did it have a strange personality, but it also had a strange appearance. It looked like a tin man in a jar.
"Refined Shenzi." Luo Zheng smiled when he saw the tin man.
Refined Shenzi walked up to Luo Zheng and circled around Luo Zheng a few times, looking at Luo Zheng's body. Finally, he stammered, "Are, are you still Luo Zheng?"
Refined Shenzi smelled something unusual on Luo Zheng's body.
Thump! Thump!
Refined Shenzi reached out his hand and knocked on Luo Zheng's body with the iron pincer. His voice was very agitated. "What, what happened to you?!"
When others saw Luo Zheng, they only felt that Luo Zheng's cultivation had improved, and his aura had become purer and more stable.
However, Refined Shenzi could see that Luo Zheng's body had changed greatly!
He felt that Luo Zheng's body had changed qualitatively, as if he had met an extremely skilled refiner who had changed Luo Zheng's body!
If he compared the Luo Zheng of the past to the current Luo Zheng, the former Luo Zheng was like a pile of scrap metal …
This was an instinctive realization of Refined Shenzi. What surprised him even more was the method of tempering Luo Zheng. This method was far more powerful than he had imagined. "Strange, strange … Where did Luo Zheng receive this kind of tempering?!"
Luo Zheng had only left the Immortal of Books for a few years, but Refined Shenzi could clearly see the traces of time on Luo Zheng's body.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly, but did not answer directly.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng was now more than eight hundred thousand years old, but his bone age could no longer accurately reflect his age.
Luo Zheng did not answer, and Refined Shenzi did not dwell on this question. He laughed. "Since you're back, I'll show you the results. Come with me!"
After saying that, Refined Shenzi dragged Luo Zheng to the Weapon Crafting Workshop without any hesitation.
Seeing his father being dragged away, Luo Nian was the first to follow.
At Luo Nian's age, he was very curious. He was interested in every part of the Immortal's Mansion, and the weapon-refining workshop was no exception. However, this iron-skinned monster was too strange. His mother would not allow him to get close to the workshop no matter what, so Luo Nian could only give up.
Now that his father was leading the way, Luo Nian naturally had nothing to fear.
Inside the crafting workshop, Shenzi Shenzi knocked on the huge crafting furnace.
"Dong!"
With a crisp sound, the mouth of the furnace was opened. A sharp and slender sword was lying inside the furnace. The sword was shining with a dazzling light.
"Is this the sword embryo?" Luo Zheng asked.
Refined Shenzi's face was filled with pride. "Hehe, this heavy sword made of Star Jade Iron has basically taken shape, but there's a small problem on the hilt."

Chapter 1598
Ever since Luo Zheng sent Shenzi to the workshop, he had been immersed in the process of perfecting the sword embryo in the furnace.
The sword embryo in the furnace was only a half-finished product, but it was unbelievably heavy!
The weight of a four-inch long sword was equivalent to the weight of tens of millions of mountains. It was comparable to the weight of an entire great world.
Even an Empyrean would find it difficult to lift this sword made of Star Jade Iron. It was simply impossible to use it smoothly …
However, Afo gave him a solution right from the start, which was to use the magical Immeasurable Growth Stone to create a sword hilt and embed the body of the sword into the hilt.
This Immeasurable Growth Stone was a very special type of ore. When he first entered the Weapon Forging Workshop, Ah Fu had given him a pair of pliers made from Immeasurable Growth Stone. Only this pair of pliers could be used to clamp the body of the sword, as this ore had the ability to change its weight.
"Other than this pliers, there's only a small piece of Immeasurable Growth Stone in the workshop. I can't make a complete sword hilt with it." A trace of helplessness appeared on Lianshenzi's face.
Professionals in their field always pursued perfection, but Lianshenzi also understood that he didn't have the qualifications to control this workshop. He also couldn't collect more precious materials to match this sword.
In the end, he could only make do with what he had.
"I mixed that small piece of Immeasurable Growth Stone with a few other materials and successfully created a sword hilt," Lianshenzi said with a regretful tone. "Unfortunately … it can only reduce the weight of the sword by half."
"Half the weight?" Luo Zheng said with a smile. The Forbidden Land of God was a place for cultivation. Luo Zheng's strength had greatly increased, but he didn't find a suitable weapon for himself.
Lianshenzi nodded and used the pliers to remove the sword from the furnace and placed it in front of Luo Zheng.
Just as Lianshenzi said, there was indeed an exquisite sword hilt at the end of the sword. Just the sword hilt alone took Lianshenzi several years. In terms of appearance, it indeed complemented the sword, but the effect wasn't very good.
Who could hold something that was half the weight of a great world and fight with others?
"Sigh, it's a pity that there aren't enough Immeasurable Growth Stones. I'm afraid this sword isn't something that Luo Zheng can wield." Lianshenzi sighed. "I originally wanted to melt the pliers, but Afo didn't agree. In the end, I had to compromise. But … I have an idea!"
As he said that, Lianshenzi's expression became excited as if he was proud of his genius. He placed the sword on the side of the furnace and found an exquisite sword hilt in the workshop.
"This scabbard is a Sumeru Space made from Tian Liang Mustard Ore. I spent a lot of time making this scabbard!" Lian Shenzi laughed.
"What's so special about the Sumeru Space created by the scabbard?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. He had no idea what the Refined God was up to.
Lianshenzi chuckled. He grabbed the sword with the pliers and stuffed it into the scabbard. The sword hilt was completely submerged in the scabbard, revealing only the hilt. Everything was seamless. This scabbard was made for this sword.
"Luo Zheng, you can use this sword now." Lianshenzi handed the scabbard to Luo Zheng.
Seeing Luo Zheng's confused expression, Lian Shenzi explained, "A normal Sumeru Dimension wouldn't be able to fit such a heavy sword into a normal Sumeru Dimension. If such a heavy sword was stuffed into a normal Sumeru Dimension, the Sumeru Dimension would be crushed immediately. However, the Sumeru Dimension made from Tian Liang Mustard Ore could withstand such a heavy sword!
Luo Zheng held the scabbard in his hand and asked, "So what?"
"Luo Zheng, you can run around with this sword." Lianshenzi smiled.
"And?"
"When you meet an opponent, you only need to pour this sword out of the scabbard and smash it at the opponent … With the weight of this Star Jade Iron, I'm afraid that many experts will be crushed. This is equivalent to the weight of a great thousand world! Hehe! "Lianshenzi smiled proudly.
"…"
"…"
"…"
Luo Zheng and the group behind him were speechless.
The eleven-year-old Luo Nian was also stunned. He understood what Lianshenzi meant.
This sword was very heavy, comparable to the weight of a great thousand world. Even a Celestial Venerable would not be able to lift it easily.
Therefore, this metal-skinned monster created a scabbard to hold this sword. Because the sword was in the Sumeru Space, the weight was in the space and would not be transferred to the scabbard.
This was easy to understand. Luo Nian had a Sumeru Ring, which was given to him by his mother on his birthday. No matter how many things were placed in it, the Sumeru Ring was still the weight of a ring.
The problem was that the metal-skinned monster's last sentence was to pour the sword out of the scabbard and smash the opponent …
Was this metal-skinned monster's head also made of metal?
"Mother, what he said is possible in theory. But how can we take the sword back after smashing it out? This sword is so heavy. If we throw it out, won't it sink directly into the depths of the earth … "Luo Nian whispered to Ning Yudie.
"Don't pay attention to this guy, I already said that he is a psychopath," Ning Yudie was also quite speechless. If she remembered correctly, when she first entered this Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion with her husband, there was no such thing as this iron skinned monster. She didn't know where Luo Zheng had picked up this clown from, but after staying in this Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion for so long, he had actually refined such a strange thing!
Luo Zheng grabbed the exquisite scabbard and said, "This sword … Does it have a name?"
This Lianshenzi had the integrity of a refiner. "I have already thought of a name. It can be called the Great Thousand Heavy Sword!"
Luo Zheng did not have any requirements for the sword's name. He nodded and grabbed the scabbard. "The Great Thousand Heavy Sword … Hehe!" After saying this, he began to channel his power to pull the sword out of the scabbard!
"You can't pull the sword out like this!" Lianshenzi hurriedly stopped him. "This sword is too heavy. If you pull it out, the weight …"
Before Lianshenzi could finish, Luo Zheng's eight dao pillars began to tremble and the power of the nine stars in his body began to brew!
With Luo Zheng's current physical body, he could bear a considerable portion of the power of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. There was no need for him to transfer the power out of the scabbard. He simply pulled the Great Thousand Heavy Sword out of the scabbard!
"This, this …"
Lianshenzi's voice began to stutter as he watched the sword slowly being pulled out of the scabbard.
Even if he had fused the Immeasurable Growth Stone into the scabbard and reduced its weight by half, the sword was still as heavy as half of a great thousand world!
"This weight is comparable to half of a great thousand world … half of a great thousand world!!" Lianshenzi stuttered for a long time before he finally managed to say this.
Everyone was shocked when they heard Refined Shenzi's words.
From the conversation between Luo Zheng and the Divine Refining God Child, everyone already knew that the weight of the sword must be astonishing. Otherwise, the Divine Refining God Child would not have thought of the strange idea of using the sword to smash someone to death. However, they never expected the sword to be so heavy.
"This sword is as heavy as half of a great thousand world?" Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with surprise.
"Mother, that metal monster said that the scabbard can reduce the weight by half. Then the sword itself is as heavy as a great thousand world," Luo Nian said. He was listening very seriously. "Indeed, it's enough to kill many people …"
However, that was not the main point. The main point was, how was Luo Zheng able to lift the sword?
Luo Zheng seemed to be able to lift the Great Thousand Heavy Sword with ease. Wouldn't he be able to lift a great thousand world with ease?
Luo Zheng suddenly took a step forward with the sword in his hand. The sword was like a dragon emerging from the sea. There were no additional effects on the sword, but the heavy Star Jade Iron itself was extremely heavy. It was enough to slightly distort the surrounding space.
"Hu, hu, hu …"
The sword danced in the air with Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng seemed to be very relaxed, in the eyes of others, it was a shocking sight. Luo Zheng was holding the weight of a great thousand world.

Chapter 1599
After Luo Zheng demonstrated this set of sword techniques, he sheathed the Da Qian Heavy Sword.
Although Refined Shenzi wasn't very clear-headed, his talent in forging was undeniable. He came up with such a method even though he didn't have enough Immeasurable Growth Stones.
Although Refined Shenzi's idea of smashing people with swords wasn't feasible, the Great Thousand Heavy Sword was to Luo Zheng's liking.
The sword had almost no flexibility to speak of.
However, it was very compatible with Luo Zheng's Yi Sword Art.
After all, the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao was all about killing in one strike. Once the sword was unleashed, there was no turning back. It wasn't a flexible sword art to begin with.
Using the weight of the Great Thousand Heavy Sword, the power of Yi Sword Art could be multiplied.
"This Great Thousand Heavy Sword is not bad. It suits me." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
The fact that Luo Zheng was able to wield this heavy sword so easily had originally caused Refining God Zi to be dumbstruck. Now that he heard Luo Zheng's praise, he was naturally incomparably excited, "I haven't been idle for a moment these past few years, and there are still a few treasures …"
Refined Shenzi was like a child showing off his treasures. He took out all of the treasures he had painstakingly crafted.
When he said he hadn't been idle for a moment, he really hadn't had any time to rest.
Refined Shenzi's puppet body was ugly, but it could be operated as long as there were True Origin Stones. With enough Zhen Yuanyu, Refined Shenzi didn't have any time to rest. He constantly learned the characteristics of the materials in the workshop and crafted the corresponding treasures according to these materials. If there was something he didn't understand, he would have to make a trip to the library.
However, Refined Shenzi was a self-centered person. He didn't even pay attention to the origins of this group of people in the immortal residence. He was immersed in his own world.
"This is the Bright King Bowl! A first-grade divine artifact! "
"This is the Qi Fusion Ruyi. Although it's just a decoration, it can use qi to nourish a pill …"
"This is the Jade Cloud Flute …"
Almost all of the treasures that Lian Shenzi crafted were pendants and defensive treasures.
With Luo Zheng's current physical strength and the Heartbreaker that the Craftsman Saint had forged for him with the Origin Godhead, it was a magical protective treasure. The things around Refined Shenzi were not of much use to Luo Zheng.
They were useless to Luo Zheng, but their value couldn't be denied.
As a matter of fact, with Refined God Zi's craftsmanship and the rare materials from the Divine Realm, any of the treasures he displayed would be fought over by the world.
"Take all of them!" Refined Shenzi's.
He didn't Shenzi's Shenzi's Shenzi's's's's's, he didn't want Shenzi's Refined Shenzi. Shenzi 'didn didn't Shenzi.
Luo Zheng didn't stand on ceremony. He couldn't use these things, but Ning Yudie and the others could.
So he gave all the materials to Ning Yudie and told her to distribute them to the most suitable people after analyzing their characteristics.
After handing over the treasures, Refined Shenzi seemed to have entered the workshop's material storehouse and started studying a rare material he'd never seen before. He no longer paid any attention to Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng stayed in the residence for two days.
Without Xi Youqin in the residence, the girls got along surprisingly well.
Ning Yudie had a bit of a temper, but as the Hallmaster, she had a generous attitude. Su Lingyun, on the other hand, was intelligent and quiet. She and Ning Yudie got along well, and even gave each other a lot of leeway.
As for Mu Mingxue, she was even more low-key. Strictly speaking, she was the strongest among those who stayed behind to guard the Immortal Abode, but she was like a servant girl in the Immortal Abode, taking care of all the chores …
Luo Zheng didn't ask about the small things that happened during the years they stayed in the residence. Ning Yudie only casually mentioned them to Luo Zheng.
During these two days, the Immortal Mansion slowly floated in the space created by the Teleportation Token.
On the third day …
The residence sped toward the core world of the Heavenly Immortal Clan and finally landed in the territory of the Soaring Sky Saint Land.
The residence slowly rotated and sat on the side of the Soaring Sky Saint Land.
Luo Zheng's close relatives had been trapped in the residence for a few years, but they wanted to see the outside world. Granny Yu and Luo Nian were a little impatient.
However, when the residence landed and sat firmly on the ground, Luo Zheng forbade them from going out. He only took Ning Yudie and Mu Mingxue with him.
There was a certain gap in the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi between the Lower Realm and the Upper Realm, so it was necessary to use the Ascension Well. Only Ning Yudie and Mu Mingxue had experienced the Ascension Well. If a group of Lower Realm cultivators rashly entered the Upper Realm, they wouldn't be able to bear it.
However, it shouldn't be difficult for the Heavenly Immortal Clan to solve this problem.
As soon as Luo Zheng left the residence, dozens of streams of light flew from the top of the Soaring Sky Saint Land. They were naturally the cultivators of the Heavenly Immortal Clan.
The leader cupped his fists at Luo Zheng and said, "Dao Child Luo Zheng, the Patriarch has been waiting for a long time."
Most of the people who came to greet Luo Zheng were World Lords. They could be considered elite cultivators of the Heavenly Immortal Clan. Although their cultivation was similar to Luo Zheng's, when these cultivators saw Luo Zheng, they couldn't help but reveal a trace of respect.
This respect seemed to come from the bottom of their hearts, and it wasn't due to Luo Zheng's strength.
When Luo Zheng left the Great Evolution Universe, his cultivation had stopped at the Extreme God Realm. When he returned, he was only an early World Lord …
Their respect for Luo Zheng came from Luo Zheng's "declaration of war".
Luo Zheng's "declaration of war" resonated with the upper echelon powerhouses. Many Empyreans took this opportunity to join Luo Zheng in declaring war on the Sacred Race. But in reality, the most excited weren't the Empyreans, but the millions of cultivators below them!
These lower echelon cultivators were extremely dissatisfied with the appeasement tactics of the upper echelon Empyreans, to the point where they couldn't bear it any longer. They would rather die in battle than allow the Sacred Race to act so arrogantly in the universe.
But Luo Zheng's return completely changed this situation, helping them viciously vent their anger!
In these past few days, Luo Zheng had been sealed away in his immortal mansion, unaware of the outside world.
All the cultivators of the universe's large races were impassioned. The smaller races and factions that had previously maintained their neutrality and silence also declared that they would stand on the side of humanity and resist the Sacred Race's invasion of the universe.
As for Luo Zheng himself, he had once again become the spiritual pillar of support for all the cultivators of the Great Evolution Universe.
So when these people saw Luo Zheng, they couldn't help but feel excited.
"Please lead the way." Luo Zheng's state of mind was calm and unperturbed.
The cultivators of the Demi-Immortal Clan immediately led the way, while Luo Zheng followed behind with Ning Yudie and Mu Mingxue.
After crossing the Soaring Sky Mountain, Luo Zheng was brought to a large hall behind the mountain, where the old patriarch and the Celestial Masters of the Demi-Immortal Clan were gathered.
After entering the hall, Luo Zheng cupped his hands in salute to the Celestial Masters of the Demi-Immortal Clan. "I've kept you waiting for so long!"
Old Man Feng kept looking at Luo Zheng, his old face revealing a gratified expression. "You're the first Dao Child to return."
Three years ago, they had set their hopes high, and now it was time to fulfill their hopes. This was related to the fate of the Demi-Immortal Clan, the Great Evolution Universe, and the Firmament Saint.
"How are the others?" Luo Zheng asked. Only now did he realize that apart from him, the others had not arrived smoothly.
"I've already calculated their landing locations, and they're all safe," Old Man Feng replied.
Every Dao Child was an immeasurable asset to the Great Evolution Universe, and the Demi-Immortal Clan had placed all their hopes on the Dao Children. Naturally, they would not allow any Dao Child to be lost.
When Old Man Feng learned that the Dao Children had returned, he began to calculate their landing locations in the universe.
Among them, Hua Tianming landed in the territory of the Demon Clan, and Ku Deng was the luckiest, landing directly in the territory of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
Lie Qianhan, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Luo Xi Xuan, Jiang Zhengyi, and the others landed in the Great Worlds of some small clans. Their situation was relatively safe, and they only needed to be picked up.
The only trouble was Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who landed in the Fiery Rock World of the Divine Clan.
Old Man Feng told Luo Zheng about the Dao Children's situation, and then he smiled slightly. "Luo Zheng, you've been cultivating in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for three years, and now you're a Realm Lord. I wonder what your real strength is?"
As he spoke, he suddenly stretched out a finger and pointed it at Luo Zheng's face without any explanation!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1600
Seeing Old Man Feng's finger, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He realized that Old Man Feng was testing him. He flipped his palm and blocked it, sending out a powerful force.
Old Man Feng faintly smiled. He changed his move again. This time, he used his index finger and thumb to snap at Luo Zheng's palm.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge at all. Instead, he used his palm to block. However, the power in his palm grew stronger and stronger. He didn't back down at all!
The two of them fought with one hand. In just a few breaths of time, they had exchanged several hundred moves!
The several Empyreans of the Demi-Immortal Clan watched Luo Zheng's performance with smiles on their faces. Obviously, they were very satisfied with Luo Zheng's performance.
In a mere three years, they were able to raise a Divine Realm Dao Child to such a level. The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was miraculous enough.
"It's a pity that the time was too short. If we had another hundred years, the fake Holy Tribe would have fled without a fight." Empyrean Enchanter of the Demi-Immortal Clan sighed.
It wasn't that Empyrean Enchanter was pessimistic. Although Luo Zheng's return was like a clear stream that injected vitality and confidence into the entire universe, in the eyes of those with discerning eyes, the situation was still not optimistic …
With the return of the ten Dao Children, there were only ten more Realm Lords.
Perhaps the Dao Children's strength far surpassed their peers, but these Dao Children could at most contend with Great Realm Lords. They weren't enough to contend with Empyreans.
And the people who would decide the outcome of the two universes were the Empyreans and True Divinities of the two universes …
The Dao Children had just broken through to Realm Lord. They were still far from condensing their godhood and becoming True Divinities.
Thus, the return of the Dao Children didn't reverse the situation.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's "declaration of war" would likely anger the fake Holy Tribe. As a result, the current state of tug-of-war would lead to an all-out war …
When the old Patriarch tested Luo Zheng, he only used his physical body. Moreover, the old Patriarch limited his strength to around 10%. With Luo Zheng's cultivation and his current cultivation, it wasn't strange that he could receive the old Patriarch's attack. It could only be considered very outstanding.
However, the several Celestial Venerables present didn't know that the power Luo Zheng used was even more pitiful …
At this moment, he was only using the power in his body to deal with the old patriarch, but he already had the upper hand!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng threw out a punch and hit the edge of Old Man Feng's palm, forcing Old Man Feng back a foot.
"Not bad." Although Old Man Feng wanted to test Luo Zheng's strength, he was also a person who refused to admit defeat. Furthermore, he did not see any signs of Luo Zheng being exhausted. After retreating a foot, he said, "Be careful. This time, I will use 30% of my strength!"
Hearing old man Feng's words, the Heavenly Sovereigns' eyes flickered slightly as a look of surprise appeared on their faces.
Although Old Man Feng was not an expert in body refinement techniques, he was still one of the strongest Celestial Lords in the universe. His pure physical strength was at the peak of Celestial Lords!
From his words, it seemed that he had failed to test Luo Zheng's depth, and now he wanted to test Luo Zheng with only 30% of his strength?
This kid … could withstand it?
The Heavenly Sovereigns' eyes revealed faint traces of worry. In their eyes, although Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical, he was still a junior. In the end, he was still only a Realm Lord. And in the universe, Realm Lords were worthless …
Old Man Feng released 30% of his strength. His originally thin and shriveled body suddenly filled out.
From a skinny little old man, he transformed into a muscular man. Only his face was as old as ever! Changing one's appearance was only a matter of thought for martial artists of their level. However, most martial artists did not think it was necessary.
"My strength has increased by three times." Luo Zheng's expression was still indifferent.
He had increased his own strength by three times as well, which was just enough to suppress Old Man Feng. However, this time, Luo Zheng drew out a portion of the power from his eight-layered Dao Platforms!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
With their strength increased by three times, the two's movements were also twice as fast!
Their right hands constantly crisscrossed in the air. They changed moves, stopped moves, skillfully, covertly, and released power …
The more they fought, the more shocked Old Man Feng became!
Luo Zheng easily received 30% of his strength.
Heavenly Sovereign Huan Miao did not speak. She just stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Seeing him so easily receive 30% of Old Man Feng's strength, then Luo Zheng's actual strength was probably half of Old Man Feng's!
The other Heavenly Sovereigns, including Old Man Feng himself, thought so …
Old Man Feng's competitive spirit grew stronger and stronger. He laughed heartily. "Luo Zheng kid, not bad, not bad. Again! 50% of my strength! I'll add some astral force! Be careful! "
If it had been a simple test before, then Old Man Feng's attack was close to a real battle. He had taken Luo Zheng as his opponent!
One of the top Heavenly Sovereigns of the Great Yan Universe, taking a Realm Lord junior as his opponent. It sounded unbelievable.
Ning Yudie and Mu Mingxue stood behind Luo Zheng. The two beauties had different expressions on their faces …
"That old man … seems to be very powerful!" Ning Yudie asked carefully.
"Heavenly Sovereign, the people in this hall are all Heavenly Sovereigns of the Heavenly Immortal Race." Mu Mingxue explained softly. "It seems that Luo Zheng is even more powerful than we thought."
Mu Mingxue had traveled with Luo Zheng in the Upper Realm. Naturally, her insight was much better than Ning Yudie's. She knew that this Heavenly Sovereign was testing Luo Zheng. However, when she saw Luo Zheng's calm expression, Mu Mingxue suddenly had a crazy thought. Would Luo Zheng's strength far surpass all the Heavenly Sovereigns present?
Naturally, she didn't dare to say it out loud.
Sou sou sou!
Now that the old patriarch attacked, streaks of gray energy flowed in all directions. His every move became even more ferocious.
The forces were like Sword Qi as they scattered around the hall. Some of the forces flew toward the two women behind Luo Zheng. However, with a wave of the Heavenly Sovereign Huan Miao's hand, the forces were instantly annihilated.
After Luo Zheng took a few steps back, a serious look appeared on his face.
At this moment, the eight-layered dao platforms in his body began to vibrate, emitting traces of seven-colored light. This was the color of the origin of power!
Clap clap clap clap …
At this moment, Luo Zheng's right hand was moving like a bolt of lightning towards the Supreme Force of the old patriarch. Every time he made a move, he would be able to accurately crush a Supreme Force, creating a crisp and clear sound of an explosion!
The sound was so loud that it reverberated throughout the entire Soaring Sky Mountain.
Mu Mingxue and Ning Yudie could not bear the sound. They could only cover their ears with their hands …
"He crushed the old patriarch's streaks of energy with one hand …" Heavenly Sovereign Qian Lan murmured from nearby.
"The problem is that this kid … is still doing it with ease!" Heavenly Sovereign Huan Miao's eyes widened. For a moment, she could not find a better word to describe it.
Now that the old patriarch had used fifty percent of his strength and even added a streak of energy, if Luo Zheng could just barely block it, it would be beyond the expectations of many Heavenly Sovereigns. That would be quite outstanding.
However, Luo Zheng clearly had not used his full strength. For a moment, the Heavenly Sovereigns present, including Old Man Feng, felt somewhat embarrassed.