Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.17

Chapter 1601
"Hahaha, brat Luo Zheng, come again!"
The smile on Old Man Feng's old face became increasingly bright. The movements of his hands became faster and faster, and the astral energy became increasingly dense!
The astral energy he used had a great origin. It was called the Astral God Energy and was a transcendent divine might of the Demi-Immortal race. Although he was casually using it, its strength was still terrifying.
At this time, Old Man Feng's eyes were filled with seriousness. His hand turned into a claw and the astral energy became incomparably sharp. The sound that erupted in the air also became shrill, as if a strong wind was blowing through the valley!
Si si si …
The astral energy was like countless tiny black snakes that swept towards Luo Zheng!
"80% of his strength?" Seeing these snakes of astral energy, Empyrean Azure Sky's eyes widened.
"It's 100%! The Old Patriarch is already going all-out. If this Luo Zheng can really receive it, then that's too … "Empyrean Mirage shook his head, as if he thought the Old Patriarch was going too far.
The Old Patriarch's strength was obvious to all. He was an existence on par with Original Sin, Divine Mandate, Thunder Punishment, and other Mandate of Heaven, perhaps even surpassing them!
However, the fierceness of an Empyrean lay in the Mandate of Heaven that they inherited!
At this time, the Old Patriarch hadn't used his own Mandate of Heaven, but even if he only used his own martial skill, his strength still couldn't be underestimated. Even an ordinary Empyrean would have to use their full strength to deal with this!
But standing across from the Old Patriarch was Luo Zheng. He had just stepped into the World Lord realm. Could he really receive it?
The astral energy rushed towards Luo Zheng, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws. It was like a black snake slithering through the darkness.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The nine stars in his dantian had already begun to slowly revolve.
In truth, the Old Patriarch's strength wasn't much in Luo Zheng's eyes. Although the Old Patriarch was an Empyrean, in terms of pure strength, within the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he should be similar to the Mountaincrumbling Clan's Thunder Toad!
Using the strength of the nine stars was only a precaution!
When those small snakes formed by the Gang-strength shot towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng still stretched out his right hand, with his index finger pointed forward and his thumb slightly raised!
The moment the small snake at the front rushed over, Luo Zheng's hand shook slightly, and the small snake's head was directly caught in his hand. He grasped the position very precisely, and then he squeezed lightly!
"Crack!"
In Luo Zheng's hands, the small black society formed by the Supreme Force is broken inch by inch.
Immediately, Luo Zheng's right hand turned into a shadow, waving in front of him. Although there were many small snakes, as long as they touched Luo Zheng's finger, they would be broken in an instant!
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
A series of cracking sounds could be heard.
The Celestial Venerables could see the ingenuity of Luo Zheng's technique. Whether it was speed, power, or even the angle he grasped, it was flawless.
However, Ning Yudie and Mu Mingxue couldn't see it at all. The speed was too fast.
They only saw a black gust of wind floating in front of Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng's hand reached into that gust of wind, constantly waving it, as if he wanted to use his hand to disperse the gust of wind in front of him.
Just as they thought, as Luo Zheng's hand waved faster and faster, the color of the gust of wind also gradually faded, from a thick black color to a light black color, and finally completely disappeared in front of the two women's eyes …
In fact, during this process, Luo Zheng's right hand crushed thousands of small black snakes formed by the Gang-strength!
After Luo Zheng crushed the last small black snake formed by the Gang-strength, he took two steps back, a faint smile on his face, and cupped his hands toward the old patriarch.
Old man Feng's expression was extremely shocked, and after a while, he faintly sighed. "From the information he comprehended from my bloodline, the Lord of Dayan asked me to do my best to nurture the ten Dao Children born between heaven and earth, and then send them to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement …"
"Only these ten Daoists have the qualifications to save this world. Of course, I won't go against the wishes of the Lord of Dayan, but I think that the Lord of Dayan's way of thinking is a little naive." Old man Feng continued, "Counting on the young Daoists to grow up is a matter of time. How can they fight against the Sacred Race?"
The goal of the Demi-Immortal Clan was to protect the entire world from the Sacred Race's invasion.
This was also one of Luo Xiao's methods of self-preservation. The key to Luo Xiao's series of arrangements lay with Luo Zheng and the other nine Dao Children …
The old patriarch naturally understood this point, but he also understood that completely placing all of his hopes on the Dao Children was a completely unreliable thing to do.
Therefore, in the past few years, when the Sacred Race began to invade the world on a large scale, two different ideas had emerged in the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Nearly half of the martial artists requested to actively prepare for war, and not place any hopes on the Dao Children.
Before the Dao Children entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, their cultivation was only at the Extreme Divine Realm. How could they be expected to return to the world in a short three years and save the world?
However, there was another group of people who chose to believe in old man Feng's arrangements. After all, this was a plan from the Lord of Dayan, and the Lord of Dayan was ultimately the Saint who had built the world.
His strategies and arrangements were naturally not something ordinary people could understand.
Although the old patriarch clearly supported the Lord of Dayan, he was still rather worried. Fortunately, Lord Startail stood on the old patriarch's side without hesitation, and let the old patriarch act according to Luo Xiao's plan.
Although there weren't many people in this group, almost all of them were the top group of people in the Demi-Immortal Clan. Therefore, no matter how quickly the Sacred Race occupied the world and how arrogant they were in the world, the Demi-Immortal Clan remained biding their time.
Now, the old patriarch finally understood that there was no problem with Luo Xiao's arrangements …
Their vision was still too shallow. They had never thought about how terrifying a Saint's power was, or how terrifying his inheritance would be.
Now, the old patriarch deeply experienced it.
Luo Zheng had walked around the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, and by the time he returned, he had undergone earth-shaking changes.
Just now, Luo Zheng still hadn't fully displayed his strength in that test!
The test for the Dao Children had already been arranged before the Dao Children returned.
The Demi-Immortal Clan needed to understand the Dao Children's strength, soul, and True Essence after they returned …
And in the first test, Luo Zheng passed the old patriarch's test in an unfathomable manner. Or rather, he surpassed the old patriarch.
"The Lord of Dayan's gaze has long since fallen on a place we can't see." Old Feng smiled faintly. "Actually, my test ended long ago. Now, it's time for Celestial Mirage to act, but I still want to try!"
Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback. He didn't know what old man Feng wanted to do.
The other Celestial Venerables also looked surprised, but didn't say anything.
A golden light flashed between old man Feng's brows, and a profound power of law dissipated from the top of his head.
There were 128 Heavenly Wills in the world, and the laws contained within them were often strange and bizarre.
There were also differences in strength between the laws.
For example, the Resurrected Celestial Venerable of the Demi-Immortal Clan wasn't very strong. His combat strength was only equivalent to an ordinary lower Celestial Venerable. Some of the peak Great Realm Lords could even fight him to a standstill!
In terms of combat strength, he was considered a weaker Celestial Venerable.
However, the Resurrected Celestial Venerable was one of the top Celestial Venerables. He was second only to old man Feng, Celestial Venerable of Original Sin, Celestial Venerable of Divine Mandate, and Celestial Venerable of Thunder Punishment.
The reason was that the Heavenly Will he inherited was extremely heaven-defying!
No matter how heavily injured a warrior was, even if they were already dead, the Resurrected Celestial Venerable could still bring them back to life.
This Heavenly Will of Rebirth controlled the lives of all living beings. It was also because of the Resurrected Celestial Venerable that the Demi-Immortal Clan could use this method to continuously obtain the Heavenly Will crown.
The old patriarch was able to become an upper Celestial Venerable because the Resurrected Celestial Venerable killed him 13 times. After selecting the 13 Heavenly Wills, he finally obtained the strongest Heavenly Will of Rebirth in the universe, the supreme law of karma!
"Celestial Venerable Qian Lan, take the two girls away." At this moment, Old Feng's aura surged around him, and the entire space became chaotic. It was as if he was preparing an extremely powerful technique. He was afraid that it would affect the two girls behind Luo Zheng.
"Patriarch, you plan to …" Celestial Venerable Huan Miao revealed a shocked expression.
The fact that they weren't able to test the limits of Luo Zheng's strength made the group of Celestial Venerables somewhat unhappy.
In the end, this was a good thing. The stronger Luo Zheng was, the more useful he would be in their future plans.
However, Luo Zheng's performance wasn't just strong. It was unfathomable. He had strength that even Celestial Venerables couldn't measure. It sounded a bit ridiculous.

Chapter 1602
Old Man Feng didn't answer. The golden radiance between his eyebrows was becoming more and more intense, like a shining star.
When the Heavenly Venerables saw that Old Man Feng was planning to use the Mandate of Heaven, they felt that it was absurd. However, they knew that persuasion was useless, so they could only let the old patriarch do as he pleased …
Whoosh!
Venerable Qian Lan's figure flashed and appeared behind Luo Zheng. He smiled faintly at Ning Yudie and Mu Mingxue. "The two of you, please step back for now …"
After saying that, a triangular barrier appeared in Venerable Qian Lan's hand and instantly enveloped Ning Yudie and the others.
Ning Yudie looked at the power that surged out of Old Man Feng's body and asked worriedly, "Husband, will he be alright?"
"Don't worry, the old patriarch naturally knows when to stop." Venerable Qian Lan smiled.
In fact, Venerable Qian Lan himself wasn't confident. Originally, it was just a simple test. He didn't expect that it would develop into such a situation where the old patriarch had to use his trump card!
After Venerable Qian Lan answered, he reached out and lightly tapped. The triangular barrier spun for a while and began to slowly rise.
The two women stood in the barrier and saw that they were getting further and further away from Luo Zheng. In the end, they almost floated to the top of Soaring Sky Mountain. At this distance, they could only see a small gray dot …
"Is there a need to send us so far?" Ning Yudie asked with a frown.
The Heavenly Venerables sent them out because they were afraid that they would be affected by the aftershocks.
Only by being so far away could they be considered safe. What was Old Man Feng planning to do? Was he going to kill Luo Zheng?
Thinking about it, it wasn't very likely. Moreover, there were so many Heavenly Venerables present. If he really wanted to kill Luo Zheng, he didn't need to care about the two women at all. He could just kill them all …
Besides them, the other Heavenly Venerables also retreated for the time being, leaving only Luo Zheng and Old Man Feng in the hall.
"Luo Zheng, if you can't handle it, I will naturally stop. Don't force yourself!" After Old Man Feng warned, his body suddenly shook, and an even more ferocious aura was suddenly unleashed!
Then …
A lotus flower suddenly appeared in the sky.
The thirty-six leaves of the lotus bloomed and spun slowly above his head!
"Thirty-six Petals Lotus Flower, this …" Seeing the lotus flower, Luo Zheng was stunned.
Generally, lotus flowers would only appear when martial artists were transcending heavenly tribulation.
At this moment, no one was breaking through to the next realm, let alone undergoing tribulation!
Why would a lotus flower appear out of nowhere?
Old Man Feng stared at Luo Zheng and said: "My Lord's Divine Dao is the Great Creation Divine Dao, and he has already comprehended the most important part of the Great Creation Divine Dao, the Great Creation Lotus! The Heaven's Will that I bear is the foundation of the universe!"
The process of a Saint constructing a universe to form a stable universe was rather complicated, and the methods used were also rather particular.
For example, he would first construct countless Greater Worlds. Following the evolution of these Greater Worlds, he would gradually construct the Upper Realm. Then, he would look at the fence between the Upper Realm and the Lower Realm and construct the Ascension Passage between the two realms.
There were so many Ascension Passages from the Lower Realm to the Upper Realm that even Heavenly Venerables could not construct. All the Ascension Passages were personally constructed by Saints.
After constructing the universe's five viscera and six bowels, he would need to cover the entire Heavenly Dao!
That was his supreme comprehension of the world!
The Heavenly Dao contained all sorts of Heaven's Wills, and they were all the Lord of Great Creation's lifetime comprehensions. Among them, the most important Heaven's Will was used to seal this universe!
This Heaven's Will was naturally the supreme Heaven's Will of the universe. It was also the profound meaning created by Luo Xiao after comprehending the Great Creation Divine Dao, the Great Creation Lotus!
After using the Great Creation Lotus to seal the entire universe, if others wanted to surpass this Heaven's Will, they would naturally need to comprehend the Mahayana Lotus Flower to be qualified!
Back then, Old Man Feng had been killed by the Resurrection Heavenly Venerate thirteen times in a row, and he had been resurrected thirteen times, bearing thirteen Heaven's Wills …
Among them, three of the Heaven's Wills were not bad! At the very least, they could help him become a top-notch Intermediate Heavenly Venerate!
The thirteenth Heaven's Will was the worst. It was a teleportation Heaven's Will. This Heaven's Will allowed its wielder to instantly appear anywhere in the universe. It was a pretty good supplementary Heaven's Will, but it did not meet Old Man Feng's requirements.
Old Man Feng gritted his teeth and after dying for the fourteenth time, he welcomed the Heaven's Will, the Great Creation Lotus!
It was a law above all the Heaven's Wills in the Heavenly Dao, a law of karma.
Under Old Man Feng's control, the lotus slowly pressed down on Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
There was a terrifying power hidden within the lotus flower.
Heavenly Venerate Qianlan and Heavenly Venerate Huan Miao looked worried when they saw the lotus.
The Great Creation Lotus was the ultimate technique of a Saint!
Old Man Feng was qualified to use it because he had inherited this ultimate technique …
How could Luo Zheng resist it?
According to Old Man Feng, Luo Zheng would need to use pure strength to resist. Wasn't that a bit too much?
They knew that the old patriarch was stubborn, but they didn't expect him to be so stubborn in front of Luo Zheng.
After the old patriarch inherited this Heaven's Will, he had only made a move once!
At that time, the Demi-Immortal Tribe had just risen to power and had a conflict with the Demon Race.
In the Great Creation Universe, ordinary conflicts would not draw the attention of Heavenly Venerates. However, during that conflict with the Demon Race, two Heavenly Venerates of the Demi-Immortal Tribe had made a move and killed dozens of Extreme Divinity Realm martial artists!
At that time, the Demon Race was not the only one who didn't take the Demi-Immortal Tribe seriously. The other factions didn't take them seriously either.
The old patriarch had not been a Heavenly Venerate for long and didn't have much of a reputation in the universe. No one thought of him as an Upper Heavenly Venerate. It seemed …
After all, after so many years in the universe, there were only a handful of publicly recognized Upper Heavenly Venerates. Something like the Heaven's Will could only be chanced upon and not sought. No one thought that the Demi-Immortal Tribe would use the resurrection method of the Reborn Heaven's Will to sift out such a Heaven's Will for the old patriarch!
Several days later, the old patriarch represented the Demi-Immortal Tribe in action.
When that lotus flower descended, the entire Demon Race was shaken!
With the methods of the Great Creation Lotus Flower, the old patriarch defeated two demon Empyreans in a single move, severely wounding them!
In addition, he killed 19 demon World Lords and three Great World Lords …
The Demon Race had paid a great price. Fortunately, the old patriarch had held back and didn't kill the two demon Empyreans. As for Empyrean Demondawn and the others, they didn't even dare to let out a fart during this time …
After this battle, the several great influences of the universe had a whole new level of respect for the Demi-Immortal Tribe.
This rapidly rising race might seem a bit strange and mysterious, but the strength they hid behind the scenes caused the other influences to feel a deep dread.
Old Man Feng naturally didn't want to fight Luo Zheng right now. The reason he was so stubborn was because he wanted to see just what Luo Zheng's limits were!
After the Dao Children returned, the Demi-Immortal Tribe would definitely make new arrangements for the next step of the Dao Children. Each Dao Child would shoulder a great responsibility and they might even participate in the Demi-Immortal Tribe's God Slaying Plan. Thus, the evaluation of each Dao Child's strength was extremely important.
Hu hu hu …
The lotus flower slowly descended, pressing down on Luo Zheng.
"The strength that little friend Luo Zheng has displayed is extraordinary. I wonder if you have the strength to lift up my lotus flower!" The old patriarch faintly smiled.
The Great Creation Lotus Flower could be considered Saint Jiu's own comprehension of the Divine Dao. It was similar to the Ice Soul Devil Flame that Saint Jiu had comprehended; it was a special skill of a Saint!
The old patriarch's lotus flower was far inferior to Luo Xiao's; there was simply no comparison.
However, in this universe, it was already close to the limit of power that a martial artist could cultivate. If one wanted to go further, they would have to break the laws and surpass the Heavenly Dao.
In other words, only a True God could surpass the old patriarch's Great Creation Lotus Flower.
The lotus flower continued to descend, pressing down heavily on Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's expression became serious again. He crossed his arms, blocking the lotus flower above him, holding it at the bottom!
"Power …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the heaviness of the lotus flower.
This heaviness couldn't be compared to the heaviness of the Chiliocosm Greatsword. If the Chiliocosm Greatsword was as heavy as a chiliocosm, then this lotus flower would be as heavy as ten or even a hundred …
Beneath this terrifying pressure, there was an irresistible force.
"Crackle …"
The stone beneath Luo Zheng's feet instantly shattered, and his feet sank deep into the ground.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1603
The old patriarch had never fully released the power within, so the world didn't know much about the Mandate of Heaven that the old patriarch bore.
This lotus flower seemed to contain an unimaginable power.
Under the pressure of the lotus flower, Luo Zheng's body was sinking rapidly.
Facing the old patriarch's pressure, Luo Zheng didn't move. The power in his body was also mobilized. It was like seawater flowing in reverse, crazily flowing through every one of his meridians!
The nine stars in the world within his body spun faster. The power source within the stars turned into threads and continuously flowed into Luo Zheng's meridians.
After experiencing the Craftsman Saint's body tempering, Luo Zheng's physical strength had increased greatly. However, even with the current strength of Luo Zheng's body, it couldn't contain all the power source within the nine stars.
At the current stage, Luo Zheng could only bear about thirty percent of the power source. This was already the limit of Luo Zheng's body. If more than thirty percent of the power source was applied to Luo Zheng's body, his body would also be on the verge of collapse!
In order to resist the slowly descending lotus flower, Luo Zheng extracted more and more power source. The stars spun faster and faster!
Ten percent …
Twenty percent …
Because the power was rapidly flowing into Luo Zheng's body, his body began to emit the sound of bones crisscrossing. His body had been tempered with steel, and the strength of his bones had already surpassed that of a supreme artifact. The sound of his bones crisscrossing was like a mountain sliding, violent and ferocious!
The lotus flower stopped its downward momentum. In the end, it was still stopped by Luo Zheng!
"He really stopped it …" Heavenly Sovereign Huan Miao, who wasn't far away, was extremely speechless when she saw this scene.
"What kind of power does this kid have? This is a Sage's technique. No one below the level of a true god should be able to stop it!" Heavenly Sovereign Qian Lan exclaimed.
Old Man Feng's eyes flashed. He gently pushed with both hands and extended two index fingers, but they were pointing downwards slightly.
"Ka ka …"
The lotus flower, which was forcibly stopped by Luo Zheng, began to descend abruptly.
"So heavy!"
Luo Zheng instantly felt the weight of his hands increase by a lot!
This Old Man Feng's Mandate of Heaven was indeed miraculous. A single lotus could actually transform into such a heavy object. It was countless times heavier than the Mountain Crumbling Race's "Golden Fork Strange Rock"!
Seeing this heavy object bearing down on him, Luo Zheng had no choice but to draw out the power source from his inner world!
"Thirty percent!"
Thirty percent of the power of nine stars was the limit that Luo Zheng could bear.
As this power surged out, the meridians on Luo Zheng's body coiled around like earthworms. These meridians were as tough as dragon tendons, and after bulging, they were as thick as a thumb. It was a terrifying sight to behold!
"Pop pop pop …"
The skin between the bones crackled, and the space squeezed out between the gaps of the bones squeezed each other, bursting out with a sound similar to the sound of insects.
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have turned into a human-shaped musical instrument. Every part of his body was making strange sounds …
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng flipped his hand, and the lotus flower, which was originally pressing down on him, was forcibly pushed up by Luo Zheng!
"Ah …"
Celestial Lord Huan Miao's mouth was wide open.
Celestial Lord Qian Lan also had a similar expression.
These Celestial Lords were all old monsters who had lived for tens of millions of years, or even hundreds of millions of years. After countless years, it was very rare to see such an expression on their faces. In their long years, they had seen all sorts of new things in this world. What was there to be shocked about?
Such an expression had not appeared on their faces for countless years …
However, the surrounding Celestial Lords all had the same expression.
As for Old Man Feng himself, he could only watch as the lotus flower was lifted up by Luo Zheng!
He noticed that Luo Zheng's physical body seemed to have reached the limit of what it could bear, and there were faint signs of it collapsing. However, this might not be the limit of Luo Zheng's strength. This brat seemed to still have some strength left!
But it was almost there.
"Forget it." The Old Patriarch waved his hand slightly, and the lotus flower flew out of Luo Zheng's hand. It spun non-stop and soon disappeared into the air. He sighed. "Today … I was too stubborn. However, Luo Zheng, your performance was indeed a pleasant surprise!"
After the Old Patriarch withdrew the lotus flower, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Old Patriarch praised me instantly. I was already at my limit. Fortunately, Old Patriarch held back. Otherwise, I would have made a fool of myself."
The Old Patriarch glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng and chuckled. "This brat is not telling the truth. This old man is curious, but he knows his limits …"
In fact, Luo Zheng was also unable to measure his own limits. If a third of a Saint's strength was used at full strength, he could not be sure of how powerful it would be.
Moreover, strength was only one aspect of a martial artist's strength. Moreover, when this strength was used purely or when it was used with a certain cultivation technique, the effect would be very different.
This kind of limit could only be considered in battle.
After the Old Patriarch's strength test, it was Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's turn.
At this moment, Heavenly Lord Huan Miao was already mentally prepared.
He was testing the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, and there were no tricks in this kind of test.
Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's figure floated down and arrived in front of Luo Zheng. His eyes met with Luo Zheng's, and the Golden Battle Soul in his body was like a lurking vicious beast, suddenly releasing a strong pressure.
A martial artist's soul was also a very important aspect.
Strength, True Essence, soul …
When two martial artists fought, it was very likely to be a three-in-one attack.
For example, he could use his True Essence to attack his opponent and then find an opportunity to approach his opponent and engage in a physical battle. If these two methods were still unable to deal with his opponent, he could use a soul attack to break the deadlock.
However, Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's test only lasted for a few breaths of time. His majestic soul pressure covered the area. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a golden light, easily resisting Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's soul pressure. His expression was extremely calm.
"Hula …"
Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's soul pressure disappeared without a trace.
Then, Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's face revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "Luo Zheng, you already have a Golden Battle Soul?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He did not deny Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's speculation.
"Then … there's no need to test me." Heavenly Lord Huan Miao shrugged. He was not as stubborn as Old Man Feng.
As for True Essence …
The Demi-Immortal Clan still knew Luo Zheng's background. His cultivation method was special, far beyond the scope of ordinary martial artists. There was no need to test him.
Thus, today's small test for Luo Zheng came to an end.
In fact, the test for the Dao Children was just a short test. It was only because Luo Zheng's performance was too shocking that it caused such a big commotion.
Heavenly Lord Qian Lan waved his hand, and Ning Yudie and Mu Mingxue, who were temporarily hiding on the mountain peak, descended and returned to Luo Zheng's side.
At that moment, the Resurrected Heavenly Lord, who had been silent all this time, suddenly spoke. "Since Luo Zheng already has such strength, I have a suggestion."
The Resurrected Heavenly Lord had a somewhat reclusive personality and was usually a man of few words. Now that he had spoken, everyone's eyes naturally gathered on him.
"What suggestion?" the old patriarch asked faintly.
"Help Luo Zheng carry a Mandate of Heaven!" The Resurrected Heavenly Lord stared at Luo Zheng and said.
"A Mandate of Heaven?" The old patriarch was slightly taken aback.
The Resurrected Heavenly Lord nodded and smiled. "Luo Zheng does not have a Mandate of Heaven, but his strength is already comparable to a Heavenly Lord. If he is selected to carry a Mandate of Heaven, how strong will he be?"
Hearing this, the faces of the several Empyreans were immediately moved.
Ever since the Human Alliance had taken action against the Sacred Race and lost three Heavenly Lords, the Human Race had fallen into a passive state.
At the realm lord level, the Human Race was unable to resist the Sacred Race. At the Heavenly Venerate level, the Human Race had far fewer Heavenly Venerates than the Sacred Race. After all, there were 128 Heavenly Venerates in the Great Yan Universe, and the Human Race only occupied slightly more than 50 seats. The only optimistic ones were the old patriarch, Heavenly Lord of Thunder Punishment, Heavenly Lord of Oracles, and Heavenly Lord of Original Sin. These four upper Heavenly Venerates were all part of the Human Race.
However, the Great Yan Universe had more Mandates of Heaven than the Great Yan Universe to begin with, and all the Heavenly Venerates were members of the Sacred Race. Therefore, the Sacred Race still had an overwhelming advantage in terms of Heavenly Venerates.
The only ones in the Human Race that could match the Sacred Race were the four peak Heavenly Venerates.
If Luo Zheng carried the Mandate of Heaven and became a Heavenly Venerate, he would be a great help in a short period of time.
"No!"
The old patriarch immediately rejected the Resurrected Heavenly Lord of Resurrected's suggestion.

Chapter 1604
What the Resurrected Exalted Celestial was thinking about now was the current crisis.
But the old Patriarch knew that Luo Zheng was far too important in Sage Luo Xiao's plans. It was impossible to confine Luo Zheng to the universe.
Once a martial artist shouldered the Mandate of Heaven and became an Empyrean, there was no longer any possibility of jumping out of the universe!
Then Luo Zheng would lose the qualifications to enter the Realm of the Gods …
Now, in order to deal with the crisis of the saints, Luo Zheng had to shoulder the Mandate of Heaven, allowing Luo Zheng to become an Empyrean.
Not to mention whether or not this could really save the universe, even if Luo Zheng played a huge role and drove the saints back to the Great Pole Universe, that would only solve the current crisis!
The Sage Halls of the Realm of the Gods would never let Luo Xiao go.
Now, Mu Haiji was making trouble for the Great Pole Universe. There was no guarantee that in the future, there would be other Sages breaking through the Wall of Sighs and attacking the Great Pole Universe. This would be endless. Even if Luo Zheng had three heads and six arms, he still wouldn't be able to block the methods of the Sages.
Hearing the old Patriarch's words, the Resurrected Celestial fell silent.
Giving Luo Zheng the Mandate of Heaven was indeed a path that wouldn't work.
Once the Mandate of Heaven was shouldered, it would leave behind a brand. This brand would be deeply engraved into the soul, impossible to get rid of. One would also lose the qualifications to become a True Divinity.
"We will discuss this matter later!" The old Patriarch smiled.
Just as his voice fell, a voice floated up from not too far away. "I have a suggestion!"
"Lord Startail!"
"Lord Startail!"
"…"
Hearing that voice, the Empyreans also became respectful and reverent.
Not too far away, a white figure floated over. This old man wore a white robe and was untainted by even a speck of dust. It was as if the dust that approached him would automatically retreat. This was the only True Divinity of the Demi-Immortal Clan, Startail.
When Luo Zheng saw Startail, he bowed and called out, "Lord Startail."
When Luo Zheng first entered the Demi-Immortal Clan, he didn't understand their goal. He even had some suspicions in his heart and had a strong resistance towards them.
But now, when he saw Startail, there was a different thought in his mind.
This True God Xingwei … was Luo Xiao's disciple, his father's disciple!
If not for the presence of these Celestial Venerables, Luo Zheng really wanted to ask him what kind of person his father was.
Luo Zheng's impression of his father since he was a child had gradually become blurred over the years, but his father's stern voice still lingered in his ears.
A dignified Saint had transformed into an incarnation in his body, turning into a loving father to teach him.
Now, Luo Zheng had two completely different views of this "father". On the one hand, Luo Xiao was a high and mighty saint. On the other hand, he was a loving father with flesh and blood. Which one was his real father? Luo Zheng couldn't explain it clearly either …
Xingwei glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, do you still remember the Destined Crown from back then?"
"The Crown of Destiny …"
Upon hearing Xingwei's words, Luo Zheng immediately nodded.
Back then, Luo Zheng had alarmed so many Celestial Venerables in the universe because of this Destined Crown.
However, he hadn't inherited the Destined Crown. After all, the lowest requirement to inherit the Destined Crown was to step into the realm of Sector Lords. At the time, Luo Zheng's realm hadn't been high enough.
"Sir Xingwei, you're talking about the Destined Crown!" The old patriarch's eyes lit up.
The Destined Crown in Luo Zheng's hands had been passed down from the previous evolution cycle. In other words, it was the 129th Destined Crown in the universe!
The Crown of Heaven's Will was still in Luo Zheng's immortal abode …
Xingwei nodded and said faintly, "When the previous evolution cycle was destroyed, a Celestial Venerate wanted to escape the great extinction of the universe. Just as he was about to fail and die, I saved his life and preserved his Destined Crown."
A Celestial Venerate's lifespan was limited. A long-lived Celestial Venerate could live up to 300 million years, but they still couldn't withstand the erosion of time and would eventually die one day.
Xingwei's goal in saving that Celestial Venerate was to preserve the Destined Crown. This crown was prepared for Luo Zheng!
"That Celestial Venerate's life! You saved him? "Luo Zheng was stunned.
Xingwei nodded.
When Luo Zheng had entered the Wheel of Samsara, he'd been rather curious.
The evolution cycle that occurred every 3.6 billion years was accompanied by the collapse of the Heavenly Dao and the extinction of all life …
From Celestial Venerates to mortals, no living being could escape.
Why had that Celestial Venerate survived by hiding in the Wheel of Samsara?
Refined Shenzi had also survived along with that Celestial Venerate. But because Refined Shenzi was a puppet, he couldn't be considered a living being. Thus, he had survived the previous cycle of the Heavenly Dao until now. But in the end, that Celestial Venerate had fallen into the Celestial Decay and perished.
"The Heavenly Dao that Destined Crown belonged to has already been shattered and reformed into the current Heavenly Dao. You can already bear the Destined Crown and won't be branded. It also won't affect you when you cross the Heavenly Dao in the future. There's no need to worry." Lord Xingwei smiled.
Hearing this, everyone present, including Luo Zheng, couldn't help but sigh. Luo Xiao's plan was extremely meticulous. This plan had likely started tens of billions of years ago and had taken into account almost every detail!
The only thing that had been miscalculated was when Mu Haiji attacked the Great Evolution Universe.
The time of the Sacred Race's invasion had been brought forward by nearly 300 years.
A few hundred years sounded like a lot of errors, but when compared to a span of tens of billions of years, it was already quite accurate!
Luo Zheng also revealed a deep interest in the Destined Crown. He smiled at Lord Xingwei and said, "Then I'll go and take the Destined Crown now!"
After thinking for a moment, Luo Zheng said to the Old Patriarch, "My friends are still in the Immortal Mansion. They aren't able to adapt to the origin energy pressure of the upper realms. Is there any way for them to adapt?"
The Old Patriarch nodded. "This is a trivial matter. Qianlan, go and help Luo Zheng …"
Then, Luo Zheng was led by Venerable Qianlan to the Immortal Mansion.
After waiting at the entrance of the Immortal Mansion for a while, a group of Demi-Immortal Clan martial artists flew over. The martial artist in the lead held a small purple and gold bottle in his hand.
The group of martial artists found it strange. The thing in the bottle was only for martial artists in the lower realms to adapt to the origin energy of the world. Why did they need to personally deliver it to the Empyrean?
Venerable Qianlan reached out and took the bottle, handing it to Luo Zheng. He said indifferently, "This bottle contains the Dust Cleansing Pill. The pressure of the world's origin energy requires martial artists to adapt to it. Our Demi-Immortal Clan is unable to change it. However, the Dust Cleansing Pill can neutralize the surrounding origin energy of the world. After eating this pill, they will be able to travel in the upper realms without hindrance for a period of time."
"How long will this Dust Cleansing Pill last?" Luo Zheng asked.
Venerable Qianlan smiled faintly. "This Dust Cleansing Pill is a high-grade pill. It should last for about 30 years …"
Luo Zheng thought to himself. It would already be good if this pill could last for dozens of hours. When he heard that it could last for 30 years, he was speechless.
As expected of a Demi-Immortal Clan, he took the Dust Cleansing Pill and stepped into the Immortal Mansion.
Luo Nian, Granny Yu, and many other people in the Cloud Hall had been waiting for a long time.
They had been cooped up in the Immortal Mansion for several years. Although the environment in the Immortal Mansion was good, it was still like a prison to them.
Luo Zheng took out the Dust Cleansing Pill and stuffed it into everyone's hands. After everyone swallowed it, Luo Zheng went into the Immortal Mansion and took out the Crown of Destiny.
The moment Luo Zheng's hand touched the Crown of Destiny, the entire Heavenly Dao shook slightly!
The Empyreans of the Demi-Immortal Clan were fine. They already knew that it was Luo Zheng who had touched the Crown of Destiny. However, the other Empyreans in the universe looked at the sky in surprise. The Heavenly Dao was shaking again …
Luo Zheng felt somewhat helpless about this shaking. The Crown of Destiny had a trace of connection with the Heavenly Dao. The slightest carelessness would cause it to shake endlessly.
After taking out the Crown of Destiny, Luo Zheng left the Immortal Mansion with Luo Nian and the others.
Luo Nian was bored to death in the Immortal Mansion. He could only use his innate talent to decipher the golden Sanskrit characters. However, he was only an 11-year-old child. He was full of curiosity about this world.

Chapter 1605
Seeing Luo Nian's excited appearance, Luo Zheng felt a little ashamed in his heart.
He wasn't a dutiful father, and he'd never even properly accompanied him. But in his heart, he made up his mind to take Luo Nian on a trip.
After handing the Crown of Destiny to Xingwei, Xingwei said that the Crown of Destiny still needed some time to be processed.
As for the old patriarch, he ordered people to arrange a residence for Luo Zheng and the people of Cloud Hall ….
After these trivial matters were taken care of and everyone was settled, Luo Zheng didn't rush to discuss the next step. Instead, he set off with Luo Nian and Ning Yudie.
"One Greater Thousand World as a region!"
"One thousand regions as a Greater World!"
"This Greater World is truly vast and boundless!"
Sitting on Luo Zheng's shoulder, Luo Nian's young voice let out a cry of surprise.
In the distance, huge mountains stretched out like sleeping elephants, exuding a majestic aura between heaven and earth. Just looking at them made one feel heroic.
"One thousand regions as a Greater World? Who told you that? "Luo Zheng asked.
"It's in a book!" Luo Nian replied with a smile.
"Is it a book from the library?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Mm!"
Luo Nian continued, "With a million Greater Worlds as our feet, a hundred thousand Greater Worlds as our hands, the stars in the heavens as our internal organs, the stars as our breathing, forming a whole …."
"What's the name of this book?" Although Luo Nian's voice was childish, the content was extraordinary. Luo Zheng seemed to understand something from it.
"Summary of the World Structure," Luo Nian answered truthfully.
It wasn't hard to understand from the book's title. Naturally, it was about what one saw and heard while constructing the Greater World ….
Constructing a Greater World and stabilizing it above the borders of the Divine Realm was originally an extremely complicated process.
This book should have been recorded by Master Gu Bei during the process of constructing his Greater World.
That library was truly a treasure trove. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng hadn't read all the ancient books inside. It was a bit of a waste to leave the library to Luo Zheng.
Little Luo Nian was intoxicated by it, but he had gained a lot.
"As a father, you're really ignorant in front of your son," Ning Yudie said with a gentle smile on her face. Luo Nian's tone was like a little adult's, which made her feel proud. This little guy who used to give her a headache had finally begun to show his talent.
Luo Zheng chuckled. It was no big deal to lose to his son. As a father, he also felt comforted.
Half a day later, after passing through this stretch of mountain range, they came face to face with a majestic city that was as bustling as the capital …
Luo Zheng originally wanted to take Luo Nian to take a detour. He wanted to take Luo Nian to see more magnificent scenery. However, Luo Nian grabbed Luo Zheng's hair and pointed to the magnificent city. "Father, I want to go into the city!"
"Okay." Luo Zheng naturally agreed to such a small request.
The couple led Luo Nian into the majestic city …
There were tens of millions of mortals in the majestic city.
Even though the Sacred Clan was shouting and killing every day, the vast majority of the common people still went on with their lives. They weren't interested in the roars of the Sacred Clan. What they cared about was their daily lives.
A considerable number of them didn't even know about the existence of the Demi-Immortal Clan. They only knew that the place they lived in was called the Majestic City. Outside the Majestic City was the horizon. If you wanted to go to the horizon, you had to use a transmission channel. But 99% of the mortals had never used a transmission channel in their lives.
Therefore, to them, a city was their entire world.
Because they were small, it was easier to be happy.
After Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie concealed their cultivation, they carried little Luo Nian and slowly walked down the street.
The peddlers' cries reached their ears, and a burst of fragrant aroma assailed their nostrils. There were those selling osmanthus cakes, those selling hundred flower dumplings, and those selling golden cloud swallows …
Seeing these snacks, Luo Nian's little face was extremely excited.
Since childhood, his meals had been personally customized by Ning Yudie. Together with Grandma Yu's care, the Cloud Hall had collected all kinds of treasures to make them. Although these treasures had allowed Luo Nian to have a physique that far surpassed that of his peers, their taste was nothing to be proud of.
Seeing these snacks, Luo Nian naturally thought they were delicacies of the world.
"Dad, I want to eat this, this, and this …" Luo Nian's fingers constantly danced on the snacks, his cheeks flushed red. In his eyes, these were all delicacies.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "Buy all of these …"
"Eating too much of these grains is not good for the body." Ning Yudie wasn't willing to let Luo Nian go.
Martial artists paid particular attention to the purity of their bodies, so after reaching the Xiantian realm, the requirements for food were very high. There were too many impurities in grains, and after swallowing them, they would settle down in the body. For Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng, this was naturally fine. But Luo Nian's cultivation was still shallow, and he hadn't yet fasted, so eating too much wasn't good for him.
Seeing Luo Nian's little mouth curl up, Luo Zheng waved his hand and smiled. "These impurities can't trouble a father. Little Die's worries are unnecessary. Nian 'er can eat to his heart's content today …"
"No." Ning Yudie might have been very arrogant and indulgent towards Luo Nian in the Cloud Hall, but in this aspect, she was very strict.
Luo Zheng stood in front of Ning Yudie and patted Luo Nian's butt. Luo Nian made a face at Ning Yudie, then rushed over like a gust of wind.
Seeing Luo Zheng's pampering, Ning Yudie was also quite helpless. She could only glare at her husband with hidden bitterness.
When it was time for the peddlers to settle the bill, they all stretched out their hands to Luo Zheng. "Guest, eight coins of silver!"
"Guest, this apricot cake is four coins of silver …"
"…"
Seeing the peddlers stretch out their hands, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised, and his face suddenly revealed an embarrassed expression.
Where was he going to find the silver?
Not only did he not have silver, he didn't even have gold.
Gold and silver were the most widely circulated currencies in the hands of mortals. The currencies between martial artists were True Origin Stones and Zhen Yuanyu.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the peddlers also felt quite strange.
Looking at Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie, one had an imposing appearance and extraordinary temperament, the other was an outstanding beauty. Ordinary people could tell at a glance that these two were not ordinary people. It couldn't be that they couldn't take out a few taels of silver, right?
The peddlers didn't dare to say anything, and only waited for Luo Zheng to settle the bill. But Luo Zheng really didn't know what to use to settle the bill. It couldn't be that he had to take out a piece of Zhen Yuanyu, right? This piece of Zhen Yuanyu was probably enough to buy a hundred streets in the city.
Luo Nian didn't care about this, and had already buried his head in eating.
"Xiao Die …" Luo Zheng could only cast a pleading gaze towards Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie, on the other hand, turned her head away with a faint smile on her face, but didn't respond.
"Xiao Die." Luo Zheng pulled on the corner of her clothes. He was a Sector Lord now, he couldn't possibly run away for a few taels of silver, right? That was too shameful …
Seeing her husband so embarrassed, Ning Yudie's heart softened. She rolled her eyes at Luo Zheng, and then touched her spatial ring.
Actually, Ning Yudie wouldn't carry such vulgar things as gold and silver with her. But women always carried many small accessories, and some of them were made of gold. The moment she took out a gold hairpin, she melted it into a small gold bead, and handed it to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng saw this handful of gold beads, and let out a sigh of relief. This could be considered a solution, but he didn't expect that when he handed over this handful of gold beads, it would scare the peddlers.
"Dear customer, you don't need so much …"
"These are extremely pure gold beads, it's enough to buy this shop of mine. Moreover, I don't have change …"
"Eight taels of silver is enough, eight taels of silver. Do you have money, dear customer?"
Hearing the peddlers' words, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache coming on. With a slight shake of his hand, he controlled his strength perfectly, and the gold beads fell into the pockets of the peddlers. Luo Zheng hugged Luo Nian, and said, "Keep the change." Then, he flew away.
Luo Nian held on tightly to the snacks in his hand, completely ignoring the surrounding movements. This child's greatest ability was his focus …
Ning Yudie walked leisurely behind. Seeing her husband's actions, she only felt that it was amusing. As for the peddlers, they were all dumbfounded.
Four or five gold beads fell into each of their pockets, which was equivalent to several years of their business. It was only after the immortal-like couple had gone far away that they woke up from their dream and realized that they had struck it rich. Only then did they become extremely excited. They had originally guessed that the couple was not ordinary people, and now it was confirmed. After all, this was a city that belonged to the Upper Realm. It was not impossible to occasionally encounter those martial artists who were generous with their money.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1606
Luo Zheng ran far away, and Ning Yudie chased after him, covering her mouth and giggling at the side.
The pedestrians on both sides of the street didn't know what was going on, and they all looked over in surprise.
Only Luo Nian was extremely calm, and focused on the snacks in his hands …
With this lesson, Luo Zheng learned to be smart. When he brought his son out to play, he would always prepare some money.
Over the next few days, the three of them traveled to three or four cities, and along the way, they encountered a few cultivators with weak cultivations who had taken a fancy to Ning Yudie's beauty and seemed to have evil thoughts about her. However, Luo Nian immediately ran out and stood in front of his mother, and these cultivators were all frightened away by Luo Zheng's calm and collected demeanor.
During this trip, Luo Zheng enjoyed the rare joy of being with his family.
It was a pity that the situation in the universe was still critical, or else he would be willing to take out ten or twenty years to accompany Luo Nian as she grew.
In these few days, there were often roars in the universe …
Ever since the Sacred Race invaded the universe, every time they occupied a large world or killed a Sector Lord, they would announce it to the entire universe in the form of a roar, and use this to suppress the morale of the entire universe.
Those voices often rang in the ears, and it was indeed annoying.
However, the content of today's speech was targeted at Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng raised his head and frowned when he heard those words.
…
…
During this period of time, the rolling clouds of blood mist in the sky above the Seven Supreme Immortal City had completely disappeared, and the sky returned to its original azure blue color.
The originally strong smell of blood had faded by quite a bit, and the faint smell of blood had a refreshing and sweet feeling to it.
After the blood curse array was destroyed by Luo Zheng, tens of millions of mortals were chased out of the Seven Supreme Immortal City. To the Sacred Race, there was no sense of accomplishment in killing these mortals, and without the blood curse array's effect, they would only be tainted with baleful aura for no reason …
It was better to let these mortals fend for themselves.
The mortals naturally understood that their lives were saved, and they all began to migrate back to their hometowns. As long as they weren't ravaged by the Sacred Race martial artists, these mortals' vitality was still rather tenacious!
When they passed by a hillside a hundred miles away from the Seven Supreme Immortal City, they discovered that there was a massive sinkhole there!
Standing at the edge of this sinkhole, it was nearly impossible to see the bottom!
After Luo Zheng sneaked into the immortal mansion, he used a teleportation token to move the node of the mansion away, causing Maha to fall into a rage.
This caused Maha to become enraged. He didn't believe that Luo Zheng had such a miraculous ability to sneak away in front of him and two saint Empyrean masters!
This wasn't an ability that a Realm Lord could possess. Even an Empyrean couldn't!
Therefore, at that time, he was certain that Luo Zheng had used some kind of concealment technique to hide underground …
"We have to find him even if we have to dig three feet into the ground!" This was Maha's order.
But the Sacred Race didn't just dig three feet into the ground. ......... com. on......... e...
After Luo Zheng returned to the universe, he broke the Sacred Race's blood curse array formation. At the same time, in front of Maha, in front of the entire universe, he humiliated Maha and ruthlessly suppressed the morale of the Sacred Race. Then, he safely fled …
To Maha, this was an almost unbearable defeat!
Following that, Maha urgently summoned all the saint Empyreans in the Great Expansion Universe for an emergency meeting.
In this attack on the Great Expansion Universe, the Sacred Race hadn't sent out all their forces. They had only sent 44 Empyreans, Maha, and many other saint Dao Children, as well as tens of thousands of World Lords …
In terms of the overall situation, the Sacred Race wasn't anxious at all.
In terms of overall strength, they held the absolute advantage. The Sacred Race could easily and gracefully occupy the entire universe …
Occupying more than 3,000 great realms in three years was already quite fast.
According to the Sacred Race's plans, even if they spent 300 years, it still wasn't slow.
As a Dao Child, Maha was the leader of the Sacred Race's expeditionary army. His strength might be inferior to some Empyreans, but he had the authority to command Empyreans. Thus, Empyrean Darkglow and Empyrean Myriad Poison were obedient subordinates in front of Maha.
However, not all Empyreans were like this. "Maha! You actually allowed that human Dao Child to escape in front of you! This is a serious dereliction of duty! " The one who spoke was Empyrean Sacred Altar. This Empyrean was an extremely old man in the Sacred Race and had a transcendent status. Moreover, he was an upper Empyrean!
When he heard that Maha had allowed a human Dao Child to escape, he naturally criticized him without the slightest bit of mercy.
Maha glanced indifferently at Sacred Altar Empyrean. He didn't refute Sacred Altar Empyrean.
"The Extreme Lord has ordered his disciples to repeatedly instruct that no one else in the Great Expansion Universe is important. Only the Dao Children are to be killed with all their strength! For your negligence, I will send a message back to the Great Expansion Universe! "Empyrean Sacred Altar said.
The Extreme Lord he spoke of was naturally the architect of the Great Expansion Universe, Saint Mu Haiji.
The truth was that from a purely racial perspective, the Sacred Race didn't have a strong motive to invade the Great Expansion Universe …
The Great Expansion Universe was already so large that it was enough to accommodate the Sacred Race. There were even many great worlds in the Great Expansion Universe that the Sacred Race had yet to occupy or explore.
Invading the Great Expansion Universe wasn't a good thing for the Sacred Race.
However, the Sacred Race was ultimately created by Mu Haiji. Mu Haiji was the Sacred Race's father. If he asked the Sacred Race to break through the Wall of Sighs and occupy the Great Expansion Universe, the Sacred Race had no reason to refuse!
Before the Wall of Sighs opened, Mu Haiji had already sent a message through his disciples. His primary goal was to occupy the entire Great Expansion Universe, and his other goal was to kill all the Dao Children …
If they occupied the Great Expansion Universe, they would be able to kill Luo Xiao.
If they killed the Dao Children, they would sever any hope of Luo Xiao turning the tables.
This was a game between Saints. As for the Sacred Race, they didn't know the inside story, nor did they need to know!
Maha shrugged his shoulders and leapt up from his throne. He walked in front of Empyrean Sacred Altar, the sneer on his face becoming increasingly thick. "On that day, Empyrean Sacred Altar wasn't too far away from the Seven Despair World! Since Empyrean Sacred Altar says that I was negligent and allowed Luo Zheng to escape, why don't you say that Empyrean Sacred Altar didn't appear to stop Luo Zheng!? "
Maha's words pushed all of the blame onto Empyrean Sacred Altar.
How could Empyrean Sacred Altar not hear this? Just as he was about to retort, Empyrean Darkshade and Empyrean Myriad Poison spoke up at the same time.
"Your Highness Dao Child is right. That boy's space magic tool is no ordinary object. We tried our best but we still weren't able to break through that immortal mansion! That immortal mansion is likely something from the Divine Realm! "
"Empyrean Sacred Altar, you make it sound so easy. If he were here that day, I fear he would also be helpless!"
With the support of the two Empyreans, Maha shrugged his shoulders once more. "He naturally knows that he is helpless, so that's why he didn't appear that day. Hehe … now he actually wants to complain to the Extreme Sovereign. Empyrean Sacred Altar, your Mandate of Heaven is formidable enough, but your methods seem even more formidable?"
Maha, Empyrean Darkshade, and Empyrean Myriad Poison had clearly colluded beforehand. With the three of them echoing each other, they stirred up the waters and pushed a portion of the blame onto Empyrean Sacred Altar …
Empyrean Sacred Altar naturally had his own thoughts.
Within the saint race, he was one of the top 10 ranked Empyreans. After the Wall of Sighs was broken through, he should have been the leader of the expeditionary force and come to attack. But, he never imagined that the position of leader would be given to a child whose skeletal age was less than 100 years old!
He naturally felt that this was unfair.
The saint race wasn't a monolithic entity; there were all sorts of factions scattered throughout. He had long found this Maha displeasing to the eye, but the entire saint race was controlled by the Brahma lineage. Maha's father was also the number one Empyrean of the Extreme Realm.
Although Empyrean Sacred Altar was furious, he could only swallow this anger.
This was a rare opportunity and he planned to directly complain to the Extreme Lord. The Extreme Lord placed great importance on the ten Dao Children of the Extreme Realm. For Maha to let that Dao Child Luo Zheng escape was no small crime …
But just as he was about to make trouble for Maha, he was immediately bitten back by this brat. Empyrean Sacred Altar was also depressed!
Maha indifferently glared at Empyrean Sacred Altar, as if he didn't place this upper Empyrean in his eyes at all. Then, his figure flickered and he boldly sat down on his throne. He looked around at the other Empyreans present and stroked his chin. "Everyone, today I called everyone here to think of a solution, not to quarrel. In this situation, what ingenious plans do you all have?"
Although the saint race occupied over 3000 great worlds of the Human Dao Alliance, the truth was that they had been dragged into a quagmire.
If the saint race wanted to continue expanding into the Gods No Thought Of Great Worlds, they had to stabilize the great worlds they controlled. Thus, they had to use the Blood Curse Array … but the Blood Curse Array was troublesome and expensive to use, greatly slowing down the saint race's progress.
Now, the three great human influences, including the Demi-Immortal races, the demon races, and the smaller races, had all declared war on the saint race. If the saint race continued to hesitate, it would greatly affect their morale!

Chapter 1607
Many Empyreans stood on either side of Maha, maintaining their silence.
In truth, the Empyreans present were somewhat unconvinced of the World Lord realm Maha.
In any situation, Empyreans were lofty and lofty existences. They stood at the peak of the world, shouldering the mandate of heaven and representing the Heavenly Dao …
A junior at the World Lord realm, even if he was a Dao Child, even if he was a Highness, without absolute strength, it was impossible for Empyreans to willingly submit to him.
It was only because of Maha's background that the Empyreans maintained a respectful attitude on the surface.
Now that Maha had encountered trouble, if he wanted the Empyreans to come up with a plan, they might not be very cooperative.
Maha had gathered the Empyreans here today to gather their thoughts. But as he saw this situation, his smile became increasingly cold …
"It looks like no one has any concerns …" Maha sneered. "Fellow Empyreans, after arriving in the Great Yan Universe, have you not discovered anything strange?"
The Empyreans remained silent.
Only Empyrean Dim Darkness spoke up. "Of course there is. This world is filled with malice towards us."
Maha nodded. "Yes, malice!"
The universe was originally an organic whole, just like a complete person.
If a person was afflicted with an illness, all the functions in the person's body would be mobilized to fight against the illness. If the human body could win against the illness, the illness would naturally be cured without treatment. If the human body lost, the illness would worsen.
The Great Yan Universe was a 'person'. And when the saints broke through the Wall of Sighs, that was the same as breaking through this person's skin.
As a foreign race, the saints were like countless illnesses that began to corrode this' human body '.
The Great Yan Universe didn't need the command of a 'Saint'. It would instinctively launch attacks.
A blade of grass, a tree, a river, a lake, a sea …
Space, stars.
As well as the countless living beings and races of the Great Yan Universe, they all maintained an intense hostility towards the saints.
Even if they walked through the grass, they would 'occasionally' trip over the grass …
Ever since the saints invaded …
They had already encountered 70,000 earthquakes in the various great worlds.
As they traveled through the great worlds of the Human Alliance, they encountered over 600 beast tides, over a thousand insect tides, over 10,000 tsunamis …
And these were all in the statistics. The true number of disasters far surpassed this number.
These inexplicable disasters were all launched against the saint martial artists. This was Huan Yu's counterattack!
A mere disaster didn't cause any damage to the saint martial artists.
But apart from this, there was another type …
For example, a bolt from the blue.
Three months ago, a bolt of lightning suddenly struck down in the Three Pure Realms.
If this was an ordinary bolt of lightning, it would be fine, but the Thunder Laws contained within that blood-red bolt of lightning were as high as the ninth level. Its might was terrifying to the extreme. Even if an Empyrean encountered such a massive bolt of lightning, they would still have to retreat!
This single bolt of lightning had killed over 10,000 saint race martial artists, including four Great World Lords and 17 World Lords!
Another example was the spatial storm …
The spatial passageways built by the Human Race were originally very stable.
It was possible that a spatial storm would not erupt for thousands of years. Even if it did, the scale of the spatial storm would not be large.
However, when it was the saint race's turn, the large scale space storms had already erupted 76 times, sweeping away countless saint race troops. Over 20 sector lords had died in the space storms, and one of them was a great sector lord …
There were also falling stars, astral winds, golden streams, and …
These malicious intents that came from Huan Yu were nearly impossible to guard against, causing the saint race martial artists to have a headache.
"The stronger the 'potential' of Huan Yu, the stronger the retaliation will be! Why would I, Maha, want to seize so many roaring tokens and roar about in this Great Yan Universe?! " Maha's eyes blazed, two balls of flames rising in his pupils. "As long as the morale of Huan Yu is extinguished, the potential of Huan Yu will also weaken!"
Some time ago, the malicious intents that came from Huan Yu had indeed lessened by a great deal. As Maha said, this was all thanks to him!
"Humph! We all understand what you're saying! Moreover, we are doing the same thing! If it weren't for us, would those old fellows of humanity have allowed you to so casually extinguish their potential? " Empyrean Sacred Altar coldly snorted. "Moreover, the morale that you personally extinguished was destroyed by that Luo Zheng!"
Maha's expression didn't change at all. "This Huan Yu was created by a Saint. If it could be casually destroyed then that would be strange! That is why I have gathered everyone here today. I hope that everyone can come up with a plan! "
"Hehe, Your Highness Daozi possesses extraordinary wisdom. I'm sure you already have a plan, so why bother asking for advice from us old fellows?" Empyrean Seven Kills said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
The saint race Empyreans present were divided into three groups. The group of Empyreans led by Empyrean Sacred Altar simply didn't like Maha. Empyrean Seven Kills was also one of them.
The other group maintained a neutral attitude. Although this group of Empyreans didn't like Maha, they still prioritized the overall situation and didn't care too much about Maha.
There was also a group of people that belonged to the 'Brahma Demon' faction. For instance, Empyrean Darkshade and Empyrean Myriad Poison completely followed Maha and obeyed his every word.
Hearing Empyrean Seven Kills' words, a sharp light flashed in Maha's eyes. He faintly sighed and said, "It looks like Empyrean Seven Kills doesn't know what cards the human race has!"
"What do they have?" Empyrean Seven Kills disdainfully said.
Empyrean Sacred Altar and Empyrean Seven Kills had always spoken with strength. As for the other human Empyreans, they didn't spare them a glance.
The only one they feared was the True Divinity behind the Demi-Immortal Clan, Startail.
"The Mandate of Heaven that the old patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Clan inherited was the Great Expansion Lotus Flower that Saint Luo Xiao comprehended! This lotus flower can use the potential of the universe! " Maha's smile became increasingly bright. He stared at Empyrean Seven Kills and said, "As for how strong the potential of the universe is, even I don't know. But, if you Empyreans encounter this old man in the future, you must be careful!"
Hearing this, the Empyreans present all had solemn expressions.
As Empyreans, they certainly understood that the Mandate of Heaven was divided into strong and weak. Some Mandates of Heaven were ridiculously strong and some Mandates of Heaven were pitifully weak. Because of this, Empyreans were divided into high, middle, and low grades.
The lotus flower in the Grand Evolution Universe and the Alba Fern Tree in the Grand Evolution Universe had a saying in the Saint Race that they were called 'objects of the heavens'. After the Heavenly Dao was constructed, these objects were used to suppress it. This was also the strongest Heaven's Will in the Heavenly Dao!
And in the universe where the saints resided, this Heaven's Will belonged to Maha's father!
"Your Highness Daozi, where did you obtain this information?" A saint race Empyrean asked.
"Where I obtained this information from is not important. What is important is everyone's attitude. If we were to fight with those Empyreans, the ones rushing up to die will not be me, but all of you!" Maha sneered.
"Hmph, when that time comes, how can His Highness Daozi stay out of this?" Holy Altar retorted coldly.
"Oh?" The smile on Maha's face grew even wider. "It would be a pity if my heavenly treasure body were to perish, but my father has prepared another body of the Sacred Woodfern Fruit for me. So what if I perish in the Grand Evolution Universe? If all of you perish here … hehe. "
When the saints sent Maha into the Grand Evolution Universe, they had already prepared for both sides. Even if Maha died, he still had another escape route.
Since his father controlled the Sacred Woodfern Tree, he had also taken a Sacred Fruit from the tree and created another body of Maha's. The Sacred Woodfern Fruit body was even more perfect than the heavenly treasure body!
After Maha finished speaking, the Empyreans present fell silent once more.
But the meaning behind this silence was different.
Before, they didn't want to cooperate with His Highness Daozi, but now they were calculating the situation they would face …
After an incense stick of time, Maha leaned back on his throne. A small golden scimitar appeared in his hand. The scimitar was very exquisite. Maha's finger gently stroked the tip of the scimitar.
He narrowed his eyes and swept his gaze over the many Empyreans, an arrogant smile on his face.
From the start, His Highness Daozi had never placed these Empyreans in his eyes!
After a long time, Empyrean Silverfrost, who had maintained a neutral stance, finally spoke up. "If we want to destroy their momentum, we must first strike the humans!"

Chapter 1608
In the grand scheme of things, the Sacred Race did have the upper hand.
However, the human race's strategy was still commendable!
After sacrificing the Human Alliance's territory, the Sacred Race fell into a quagmire and was unable to take another step forward. Even now, they were still lingering at the boundary between the Human Alliance and Gods No Thought!
Every time the Sacred Race wanted to expand, Gods No Thought and Myriad Buddha Sacred Region would send hundreds of Realm Lords to attack the great worlds the Sacred Race occupied.
Most importantly, there seemed to be a Heavenly Venerate among the humans who bore the Mandate of Heaven with a spatial ability! This Mandate of Heaven could send martial artists to any great world, and it often appeared and disappeared unpredictably …
Therefore, this kind of thing often happened. Just as they occupied two great worlds and sent several Sacred Race Realm Lords to guard them, the Sacred Race Realm Lords would be slaughtered by human Realm Lords who suddenly appeared as soon as the Sacred Race's Heavenly Venerates left!
In fact, this Heavenly Venerate was the Human Alliance's Heavenly Venerate Mirage Sea.
The Mandate of Heaven he bore was indeed a Mandate of Heaven from the spatial laws, and this Mandate of Heaven had a special ability called "Spatial Love Lock". Martial artists connected to the Spatial Love Lock could be sent to any corner of the universe by Heavenly Venerate Cloud Fox, and it could also "pull" that martial artist back to his side in an instant!
After the Human Alliance was defeated by the Sacred Race and retreated into Gods No Thought's territory, Heavenly Venerate Cloud Fox constantly used the Spatial Love Lock to cooperate with some powerful martial artists of the Human Alliance, such as Yun Luo and the others, to launch surprise attacks.
When the Sacred Race Heavenly Venerates received the news and rushed back, Yun Luo and the others had disappeared without a trace …
It was this simple method that held the Sacred Race back.
If they stubbornly continued to expand into the depths of the universe, the Sacred Race martial artists behind them would probably be wiped out.
"They're not that stupid. The human Heavenly Venerates are just cooperating with Daoist Luo Zheng," Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost continued.
"But it's very useful," Heavenly Venerate Sacred Altar interjected. "The 'force' in the Great Yan Universe has increased by quite a bit."
Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost suddenly smiled faintly. "I think you're overthinking things! If they don't want to fight us head-on, the initiative will always be in our hands! All we need to do is to destroy their 'influence'! "
Seeing Empyrean Silverfrost's appearance, all the saint Empyreans, including Maha, revealed looks of interest. It seemed that Empyrean Silverfrost really did have some idea?
"Since there's something like the Roaring Token in this universe, we can arrange a battle in one of the Great Realms. Heavenly Venerables don't need to take action. With Dao Child Maha as the leader, we can continuously challenge the Realm Lords of the Human Race or Luo Zheng and the others …" Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost said faintly.
But halfway through, he noticed that Maha and the others were looking at him strangely. He asked, "What's wrong?"
Maha twirled the golden scimitar in his hand. "Do you think they are that stupid?"
The other Heavenly Venerables also didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Heavenly Venerate Seven Kills said sarcastically, "Those Dao Children have returned to the universe. They can't wait to hide. Why would they appear at this stage?"
Hearing these doubts, Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost calmly added, "Firstly, the location of the battle will be at the edge of the Great Realms of Gods No Thought to show fairness. Secondly, even if they don't accept the battle, if Dao Child Maha invites them to fight and they become cowards, we can still suppress their morale and weaken the 'force' in this universe!"
Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost's idea might sound a little silly, but the logic was very simple.
Since the human race had declared war, Luo Zheng Daozi had even written a lengthy declaration of war, but in the end, he didn't dare to accept it. Others would only think that the human race was afraid and didn't dare to confront the saint race head-on!
This kind of thing would also affect morale.
In addition, there was a convenient Dharma treasure like the Roaring Token in the Great Evolution Realm. All the living beings in the universe could hear it and instantly know that the Human Race was afraid. Their morale would probably plummet!
"After we make a move, they must receive it. No matter what method they choose, the final result will be a crushing defeat. Your Highness Maha, what do you think?" Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost smiled.
Smack smack smack smack …
Maha slapped the side of the golden scimitar with a single palm and smiled. "Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost's suggestion is indeed good!"
Hearing Maha's praise, Heavenly Venerate Silverfrost's expression didn't change. As a neutral Heavenly Venerate, he didn't care about Maha's praise.
Maha was also a swift and decisive person. He reached out and casually slapped his waist. A Roaring Token jumped out and floated in front of him. After activating it, Maha's voice spread to the universe at the same time …
At the same time.
Luo Zheng was still bringing Luo Nian and Ning Yudie to play in the Rising Sky Realm.
Maha's voice suddenly sounded. That voice carried Maha's trademark maniacal laughter.
"Luo Zheng, didn't you say a few days ago that you wanted to represent the Human Race to suppress my Sacred Race?! Now, I represent the Sacred Race to give you a fair chance. I, Maha, will wait for you in the Sunflower Water Realm! "
Ever since he was reprimanded by Luo Zheng, Maha himself had been quiet for a few days. Now, Maha's voice once again reverberated throughout the universe!
"What! This Maha actually directly challenged Luo Zheng? "
"Maha originally had the cultivation of a Realm Lord and had killed a Great Realm Lord before. This fellow's strength can't be compared to ordinary Realm Lords! Luo Zheng participated in the Illusion Battlefield four years ago and was only at the Divine Sea Realm … this isn't fair! "
"Luo Zheng probably won't accept the challenge, right?"
"The Sunflower Water Realm belongs to the Great Realm Gods Have No Thoughts. This Maha is really bold to choose that place. Let's see if Luo Zheng dares to show up …"
The universe once again reverberated with the sounds of discussion.
And in the midst of these discussions, the 'potential' of the universe began to fluctuate. This' potential 'couldn't be seen or touched, but it did exist!
Frankly speaking, this Maha's simple and crude provocation was something that anyone with a brain could tell was a trap set up by the Sacred Race. Anyone with a bit of intelligence wouldn't accept the challenge!
But there were always people who hoped that a true hero would be born from the Great Evolution Realm, leading the universe to repel the Sacred Race!
In addition, Luo Zheng had issued a declaration of war a while ago. Many people had placed their hopes on Luo Zheng, so there were still many people who hoped that Luo Zheng would accept the challenge.
If Luo Zheng blindly avoided the challenge, it would inevitably leave behind the impression that he was all talk and no action!
Maha tossed the roaring token to the ground and continued to play with his golden saber. He had already made his move, now it was time to see how Luo Zheng would respond …
He didn't think that after waiting for a while, a slightly childish voice would faintly float through the universe.
"Dao Child Maha, how old are you?"
As all the living beings in the universe heard this childish voice, they weren't able to respond for a time …
As for Maha and the many saint Empyreans, they were all stunned. How could there be a child's voice?
Although it was strange, Maha was still on guard and didn't reply with the roaring token.
"Maha, how old are you? You don't even dare to say your age, and you still want to challenge me! You are the number one Dao Child of the Sacred Race. You are far too cowardly … "The childish voice asked again.
As the childish voice echoed through the universe, it amused countless martial artists and countless mortals …
"Where did this devilish brat come from!?"
"Haha, let's see how Maha answers …"
"…"
Maha was also incomparably conflicted. How could this be completely different from what he had imagined?
"Hurry up and tell me, how old are you!?"
"Hey, it's not like you're ashamed to say your age, so why are you hemming and hawing!?"
However, the childish voice continued to urge him.
Empyrean Sage Altar, Empyrean Seven Kills, and the others looked at the conflicted expression on Maha's face and secretly laughed in their hearts.
As for Empyrean Silver Frost, who had made this suggestion, his face was also filled with a strange expression. He had considered all kinds of situations, but he hadn't expected such a thing …
In the end, Maha slapped the golden saber to the ground and activated a roaring token, "I, Maha, am 92 years old this year!"
The universe was silent for a while again …
Only then did the childish voice ring out, "You're so old! You're already a ninety-year-old grandpa! I'm eleven years old this year, and my father is thirty-three years old this year. My father and I combined are only forty-four years old, half of your age. It's not fair for you to challenge my father to a duel. If my father cultivated for another fifty years, when he reached your age, he would still beat you until you were looking for your teeth on the ground! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1609
Hearing the childish voice say this, everyone in the universe suddenly realized what was happening.
So this little fellow was Luo Zheng's son …
"This little beast …" Maha's face revealed a trace of anger.
To a mortal, a skeletal age of 92 years was already half a foot in the grave!
But to a martial artist, this was naturally very young.
Ordinary martial artists had a lifespan of thousands or even tens of thousands of years. In the eyes of mortals, they were already immortal-like existences.
Moreover, a martial artist at the third Divine Transformation often had a lifespan of a million years!
A World Lord could live for 10 million years. As for an Empyrean, their lifespan was measured in hundreds of millions of years!
With such a long lifespan, one could see the evolution of time and the birth and death of a race. To a mortal, this was an eternal existence.
92 years old …
According to a World Lord's lifespan of 10 million years, this was like a little chick that had just broken its eggshell. It had only peeked its furry head out from the broken eggshell and was only able to open its eyes to see the world …
During this process, Maha had already cultivated to the World Lord level. Moreover, he was a true Dao Child!
No matter how one looked at it, this talent could not be underestimated.
But this monstrous genius Maha, there was always someone more monstrous than him!
In truth, the ten Dao Children of the Great Yan Universe were all far younger than Maha.
This was because the conditions for the birth of Dao Children in the two universes were different.
Now that Luo Xiao was facing a life or death situation, he no longer had any scruples. So, whether it was Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Xuanyuan Chenfeng … these Dao Children were his last straw and also his final counterattack!
If he failed, the result would be the fall of a Saint.
As for Mu Haiji, he hadn't reached this step. On the contrary, Mu Haiji held the advantage. He didn't need to invest so many resources into a Dao Child. After all, if a Dao Child like Maha grew up and walked towards the Divine Realm, he could only be one of his disciples.
In terms of talent alone, perhaps Maha was inferior to the ten Dao Children of the universe.
However, Maha was still the son of the saint race's number one Empyrean. In addition, he had been born dozens of years earlier. With the saint race's nurturing, his current strength was unparalleled, second only to an Empyrean!
Although Luo Nian's answer was childish, the truth was that his logic was very tight.
Since you, Maha, wanted to challenge Luo Zheng and emphasized the word 'fair', then you must be absolutely fair!
However, Maha was older than Luo Zheng by more than 50 years. In terms of bone age, it was impossible to be fair …
In a battle between martial artists, the bone age of the other party was generally not a factor. After all, the growth of a martial artist was affected by the environment, opportunities, experience, mentality, background, and various other factors. The difference in the outcome was often enormous.
It didn't mean that the faster one grew, the more outstanding one would be.
If Luo Zheng directly refused Maha's invitation to battle, he would appear too weak and would disappoint the many martial artists and intelligent beings of the universe.
Now, Luo Nian had grasped this problem and avoided Maha's challenge. At the same time, he had a reason — it's not that my father doesn't want to fight with you. It's because the age difference isn't right. It's not fair enough …
In the Demi-Immortal Clan, the Celestial Lord of Mirage listened attentively, and a smile appeared on her startled face. "Luo Zheng's son is quite clever!"
"Heh, this little fellow is indeed smart … but it's a pity that Maha won't give up." Old Man Feng smiled and shook his head.
Since Old Man Feng controlled the Great Lotus Flower of Expansion, he was naturally aware of the 'potential' that existed in the universe. This' potential 'was invisible to others, but Old Man Feng was able to clearly perceive it. This was because this' potential 'could be quantified within the Great Lotus Flower!
After Luo Zheng had returned, following his' declaration of war ', the' potential 'of the Great Lotus Flower of Expansion had begun to rapidly rise. Old Man Feng's Great Lotus Flower of Expansion had also become increasingly powerful!
When Maha had roared and challenged Luo Zheng to a battle, the 'potential' of the universe had begun to rapidly fluctuate.
This sort of 'potential' could be understood as the morale of all the living beings of the universe, as well as their confidence …
When all the martial artists, mortals, and intelligent living beings began to worry, become pessimistic, lose confidence, or even collapse, this' potential 'would rapidly decline. When they regained their confidence, their morale would be high, and their wills would be as strong as an impregnable fortress, this' potential 'would explode!
Therefore, Old Man Feng was the one who paid the most attention to Maha's challenge. This was directly related to the strength of the Mandate of Heaven he bore.
"Luo Zheng! You're still willing to be a coward. You don't even dare to answer my challenge! You actually let your 11-year-old child perfunctorily answer me, heh heh … "Maha's voice once again resounded throughout the universe.
"Maha, don't you have ears? You can't even understand the words of an 11-year-old child? With your current strength and status, is it fair for you to challenge me? "At this moment, another clear voice resounded in the universe.
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng, who was in the Rising Sky Realm, was momentarily stunned. His eyes met with Ning Yudie's. Luo Zheng then said to Ning Yudie, "It's Yun Luo."
"That's right. Luo Zheng just stepped into the realm of Sector Lord, but you've been a Sector Lord for many years. How is this fair!"
"You've calculated this very well, but to put it another way, you're shameless!"
"… …"
Several voices suddenly interjected in the universe.
Basically, they were the more famous Sector Lords in the universe … …
Although these Sector Lords didn't have many Roaring Tokens, they weren't stingy with mocking Maha at this moment.
At this moment, Maha's wild laughter suddenly resounded. "Hahahaha, good. Since it's not fair to challenge Luo Zheng, I, Maha, will head to the Sunflower Water Realm and await everyone's arrival! No matter if you're a Sky Venerable or a Sector Lord, I, Maha, will accept your challenge. I, Maha, alone, challenge all the strong beings in the universe! Does anyone dare to accept my challenge? I hope you bunch of trash don't only have one mouth! "
Hearing this, the faces of Old Man Feng and the others sunk.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, but he quickly regained his calm.
Maha's main goal was to suppress the 'influence' of the universe. His challenge was ultimately unstoppable. Even if Luo Zheng refused, he could still challenge other human martial artists … …
After Maha finished speaking, the entire universe fell into silence.
The strength of this Saint Race Dao Child was obvious to all.
In the days when the Saint Race first invaded the universe, Maha would announce to the universe almost every day that he had killed some Sector Lords of the Human Dao Alliance!
The number of Sector Lords that had fallen at his hands was innumerable!
Although there were many Sector Lords in the universe, who dared to face Maha head on?
"I wonder who in the universe dares to accept my challenge!"
"Who dares to fight with me, Maha!"
"You … … are truly a bunch of inferior races!"
Maha continued to use Roaring Tokens. With such taunts, the 'influence' of the universe began to rapidly fall!
Countless mortals and martial artists had solemn expressions on their faces.
"Aiya, this Saint Race Dao Child is so arrogant. Our human race doesn't have a single fierce general to fight him!"
"The Dao Children are still young; they shouldn't be sending themselves to their deaths. But besides these Dao Children, are there no other talents in the universe?"
"This is the disparity in strength, otherwise the Saint Race wouldn't have dared to attack us!"
In the universe, pessimistic moods rapidly spread.
However, Maha's provocation only lasted for a short period of time …
In the Great Evolution Universe, amongst the trillions of lives, there were still some brave individuals that were willing to face death with equanimity!
Perhaps they knew that their strength was inferior to Maha's, but in the face of Maha's challenge, they didn't shrink back!
"I, the Spirit Turtle Clan's Zhao Xin, accept your challenge! Half a month from now, I will see you at the Sunflower Dew World! "
A hoarse voice sounded out. The first martial artist to step forward was the Spirit Turtle Clan, a small and unknown race. This small race wasn't well known in the universe and had never given birth to an Empyrean. As for this Spirit Turtle Clan's Zhao Xin, he was the only Great World Lord of his race!
"I, the Demon Race's Blackfiend, accept your challenge!"
The second person was the Demon Race's Blackfiend Great World Lord. The Demon Race had a courageous and reckless nature and had long since been unable to endure Maha's provocation. Although the entire Demon Race was entangled with the Demon Night Clan and was in dire need of manpower, this Blackfiend Great World Lord still resolutely chose to accept the challenge …
"The Human Alliance's Yun Luo will take your head, Maha." Yun Luo's cold voice sounded out.
And so …

Chapter 1610
Lying on his throne, Maha leapt up as he heard the voices of those who accepted the challenge.
Two beautiful saint maids walked out from behind the throne. One of them draped a silver cloak over Maha's body. Maha swept his eyes over the Empyreans present and coldly sneered, "In the next few days, I will be heading to Sunflower Water World. Shouldn't you all make your preparations?"
To the saints, this was an extremely advantageous result.
Since the World Lords of the Great Expansion Universe dared to accept the challenge, Maha would rely on his own strength to slaughter these inferior races that didn't know the immensity of the heavens and earth.
As for the human Empyreans, Maha didn't fear them at all. The saints were truly looking forward to an all-out war!
If Maha dared to head to Sunflower Water World alone to challenge the people of the universe, this was a blatant scheme!
If the powerhouses of the universe were all killed by Maha one by one, he would be able to strike a heavy blow to the morale of the entire universe and suppress their 'momentum'.
If the Empyreans of the Great Expansion Universe dared to attack, that would be the new idea of the saints!
After experiencing this storm, many World Lord powerhouses of the universe set out, hurrying towards Sunflower Water World.
In these past days, Luo Xi Xuan and Jiang Zhengyi also returned.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Ji Luoxue, who had fallen into Cinderclast World, were also rescued by the Human Alliance and had returned to Gods No Thought.
Empyrean Fantasy Sea calculated the position of the two Dao Children and used the Spatial Love Lock to connect with Cloudfall. Then, he projected Cloudfall into Cinderclast World and caused a ruckus there. Before the saint Empyreans arrived, he would safely bring the two Dao Children away.
The Great Expansion Universe's Empyreans could use the Heavenly Dao to calculate their position, but the saint Empyreans couldn't. This was also the advantage of fighting on home soil.
Several days later, the Empyreans of the three great human influences gathered at the summit of Soaring Heavens Mountain once more …
With the wisdom of the Empyreans, they naturally understood Maha's motives and plans. At this time, they had gathered here to discuss countermeasures.
The atmosphere at the summit of Soaring Heavens Mountain was extremely solemn.
"The timing … is not enough. That Maha has given us quite a difficult problem." The old patriarch sat at the head of the table, a trace of weariness on his face.
Heavenly Sovereign Shen Yu was wearing a long green dress that outlined her perfect figure. She stood in front of the old patriarch, a hint of helplessness in her beautiful eyes. "What are our chances of winning if we start the battle early?"
Empyrean Original Sin and Empyrean Thunder Punishment's eyes flashed as they looked at the old Patriarch.
The old patriarch hesitated for a moment before finally replying, "Twenty percent … This chance of victory is too low."
These Empyreans had many trump cards.
For example, the God-Slaying Sword Formation that the Demi-Immortal Clan had been brewing for tens of thousands of years had been waiting for Xi Youqin to return and take charge of it.
Another example was Deities No Thought's "Star Destruction".
Another example would be the Ten Thousand Buddhas Sacred Region's "Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to Origin Great Stupa …"
There was also the Art of Self-Destruction that Celestial Lord Shen Yu had cultivated.
Apart from that, the old patriarch used the Great Lotus Flower of Derivation. After borrowing the momentum, his strength became extremely powerful for a short period of time. He even had the qualifications to heavily injure or even kill a True God!
The Great Evolution Universe's foundation was also quite deep.
After all, Luo Xiao had already predicted that the crisis would erupt in this evolution era. He had already invested everything in this evolution era.
Even with so many trump cards, the old patriarch still felt that they only had a twenty percent chance of winning against the Sacred Clan.
Whoosh!
A stream of light shot over from the horizon.
The cultivator stopped when he was a hundred kilometres away from Soaring Sky Mountain. There was an invisible curtain of light blocking the cultivator's path.
Heavenly Sovereign Huan Miao narrowed her eyes and a faint light flashed in her hand. A small opening opened in the light screen, allowing the newcomer to enter.
The newcomer was Luo Zheng. He had been summoned by the Empyreans.
"Greetings, Empyreans." Luo Zheng's figure flashed and landed on the peak of Soaring Sky Mountain. He bowed to the Empyreans present.
Heavenly Sovereign Shen Yu looked at Luo Zheng with a faint smile on her face. "I heard that Luo Zheng's strength has improved greatly in the past three years?"
The old patriarch had already informed the Empyreans present of Luo Zheng's performance. This was probably their only consolation.
They naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would grow rapidly and sweep through the universe, slaughtering the Sacred Clan like chickens and sheep …
Although Luo Zheng's growth was indeed worthy of their admiration, it was still not enough, far from enough.
"Heavenly Sovereign Shen Yu is too kind," Luo Zheng said.
Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin glanced at Luo Zheng and asked, "Dao Child Luo Zheng doesn't need to be modest. What are your thoughts on Maha's challenge?"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose slightly when Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin got straight to the point. He gave a short and powerful answer. "Ignore him!"
"What do you mean?" Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin asked.
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "Since Maha is willing to waste time in the Sunflower Water Realm, then let him be. We can do something else!"
"What is it?" Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin asked again.
The Empyreans had all been focused on the Sacred Clan and hadn't considered anything else.
"Let's first pacify the Demon Night Clan!" A cold light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Many of the Empyreans looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. Although the Demon Night Clan couldn't be underestimated, they were currently being held back by the Demon Race and didn't have much of an impact on the overall situation.
But since Luo Zheng had spoken, he naturally had his own logic. The Empyreans didn't interrupt Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng continued, "If Maha issues a challenge in the Sunflower Water Realm, there will definitely be Empyreans hiding in ambush. Their goal is to force everyone to accept the challenge. We can take advantage of this opportunity to rush to the Demon Night Clan and free the Demon Race."
Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin smiled and shook his head. "That won't do. The Demon Night Clan alone isn't enough to cause fear. Dao Child, you don't seem to know what the old patriarch's Mandate of Heaven is."
"I've heard the old patriarch speak of it," Luo Zheng replied.
"Since you've heard of it, you should know that if this' power 'is taken away, our human race will have one less pillar to rely on," Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin said.
Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with determination. "Even if this' power 'is taken away, I will help the old patriarch take it back!"
"How will you take it back?" Heavenly Sovereign Oracle stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"If this Maha kills the powerhouses of our race in the Sunflower Water Realm, what will the result be?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Our morale will plummet and our power will also plummet," Heavenly Sovereign Thunder Punishment said with his head lowered.
"Everyone here is an almighty figure. You all know that in war, there is a saying that 'a desperate army is bound to win'!" Luo Zheng continued, "Even if Maha lowers our morale and confidence to the extreme, it will be useless. This is because as long as we can see the slightest bit of hope, our morale will rise again!"
Luo Zheng paused for a moment. Then, he said, "Let me be that tiny bit of hope! That Maha, let me kill him! "
"This strategy …" Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin revealed a hesitant expression. Without a doubt, Luo Zheng's idea was a bit risky.
"This is almost a desperate choice." Celestial Master Oracle sighed softly.
They would allow the saints to force the universe and all the living beings of the universe to their limits. Once they understood this truth, they would transform into 'desperate soldiers'. When faced with the choice of life or death, the trillions of living beings would all have the determination to fight with their lives on the line!
At that time, once the 'power' rebounded, it would be a terrifying result!
But if they really did this, they would have to sacrifice the World Lords that went to the Sunflower Water Realm. If these World Lords fought Maha, the only fate awaiting them was death …
"Do we have a better choice?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Heavenly Sovereigns fell silent …
Yes, they really didn't have a better choice.
Dragging this out would only be a slow suicide.
"According to Luo Zheng's idea, if we take a risk, perhaps … we can increase our chances of victory by 10%," the Old Patriarch said.
The Empyreans still had worried looks on their faces. But thinking about it carefully, Luo Zheng's method was their only choice, and it could also be called the correct choice.
Facing a powerful opponent, they could either rely on their greater strength to crush them, or they could only take advantage of the situation and fight with everything they had!

Chapter 1613
The Demi-Immortals had already told Luo Zheng some information about the demon race and the demon race.
Although the three great human factions hadn't gotten involved, they were still paying close attention to the war between the demon race and the demon race.
The two races had never been on good terms with each other since the Primordial Era. In addition to the fact that their realms intersected with each other, there had never been a lack of war between the two races. There had even been several full-scale wars!
The three great battles recorded in history were the War of the Setting Sun, the War of the Demon Slayers, and the Bloody War of the Mirage Realm. The demon race and the demon race had each invested hundreds of millions of their people in these battles, and had lost several Celestial Venerables as well.
The War of the Demon Slayers was a battle between the demon race and the Human Dao Alliance. The demon race had suffered heavy losses in that battle.
However, the demon race had always played a shady role in history.
They were a reckless and violent race that wasn't welcomed in the universe. Whether it was the major factions or the smaller races, they were all wary of the demon race!
But this time, the demon race had suddenly erupted with a strong sense of bloodlust in the face of the Sacred Race's invasion. They swore to fight to the death against the Sacred Race, playing a very rare role.
On the other hand, the demon race had suddenly declared war on the human race and joined the Sacred Race's side.
"According to the Craftsman Saint's speculations, the demon race is a pawn created by Mu Haiji to hide in the Great Yan Realm. Could it be that the demon race is a race created by Father to be used in times of need?"
Luo Zheng continued to analyze the situation as he searched for information.
In the grand scheme of things, this was very likely. After all, creating a race wasn't very difficult for a Sage. However, Luo Zheng had no idea why Luo Xiao would create such a violent and detestable demon race.
Right now, the Yao Night Clan had completely given up on their territory. The two Kings of the Yao Night Clan were leading the elites of the clan to clear out the enemies and head towards the center of the universe!
However, if the demon race wanted to enter Gods No Thought's territory, they would first have to pass through the demon race's territory. They could also use the Sifting Yin Realm to join forces with the Sacred Race.
However, the demon race had obviously discovered this path and had set up layers of defenses in the Luminous Dragon Realm and the Autumn Cry Realm.
After several paths were blocked by the demons, the Yao Ye Clan's advance was forcefully slowed down.
It was just that in this process, the demons had also paid a considerable price.
Right now, the Demon Race had also mobilized their entire race, and all of their elites were stationed in the Blood Devil Realm, blocking off Qingyu's Demon Night Clan's team. However, the Punishment King was leading another team to meet up with Qingyu. When the time came, it was likely that a fierce battle would break out …
After Luo Zheng quickly understood the current situation, he continued to obtain information from the World Will.
Luo Zheng had deep feelings for the Fiend Night Clan. This time, he was most likely going to be an enemy rather than a friend. In the past, he had made a promise to Liu Yu and the Phantom. Faced with this situation, Luo Zheng didn't know how to fulfill his promise.
Luo Zheng, who had his eyes closed, was constantly moving through the massive amount of information of the World Will.
In order to understand the root cause, he did his best to collect memories related to Yao. Bit by bit, these memories flashed through Luo Zheng's mind …
He saw the birth of an ordinary Fiend Night Clan baby girl. That baby girl was Yao. After a test, Yao's bloodline caused a commotion in her Fiend Night Clan. She possessed an extremely pure ancient Fiend Night Clan bloodline, so she was qualified to compete for the throne.
The scenes of Yao's life were condensed into fragments, and they drilled into Luo Zheng's soul one by one. In the end, they stopped at two years ago …
In that instant, Yao's Soul Needle Seal was awakened.
At the same time, Luo Zheng was undergoing body refinement in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement by the Craftsman Saint. Meanwhile, Xun was using her great willpower to erase her Soul Needle Seal, along with all of her memories.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw the scene of Yao gathering members of the Fiend Night Clan. He saw the expressions of disbelief on the faces of the Fiend Night Clan members, as well as their strong emotions of resistance. Even the Heavenly Venerables of the Fiend Night Clan didn't approve of Yao's actions.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng revealed an enlightened expression.
Just like the Craftsman Saint had said, the process of creating the Soul Needle Seal was extremely complicated. Even Saint Mu Haiji was unable to plant the Soul Needle Seal in too many people.
The Soul Needle Seal had only been passed down through the Kings of the Fiend Night Clan, generation after generation. In the end, it was activated in the generation of Xun, Yao, and Ying …
Thus, the Fiend Night Clan's declaration of war against the human race and their alliance with the Sacred Race was completely under the orders of the two Kings. The other members of the Fiend Night Clan weren't affected by the Soul Needle Seal.
The Fiend Night Clan viewed themselves as part of the universe. They originally hated the Sacred Race, but they had no choice but to obey the orders of the Kings!
"If that's the case, then I only need to kill Yao and Qingyu." A cold light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes. He suddenly took out the Teleportation Token …
The Heavenly Venerables might have some misgivings about the Fiend Night Clan, but they were more willing to gather all of their strength to resist the Sacred Race.
After Luo Zheng returned, he hadn't revealed his full strength. Now was the time. And Luo Zheng's test stone was the Fiend Night Clan!
…
…
Fiend Night Clan, Clear Dream Boundary, Cage Island.
One by one, green cannon brands rose from the ground like giant chimneys.
In the sky above Cage Island, a bright light suddenly shone.
It wasn't lightning, but a spatial law storm.
The moment the storm bloomed, a human figure shuttled out from it!
Cage Island was one of the most important prisons of the Fiend Night Clan. Those who could be imprisoned here were all chosen by the Punishment King himself. They were all famous.
The martial artists guarding here naturally weren't weak …
In the past, there were 12 Fiend Night Clan Sector Lords guarding Cage Island.
However, after the two Kings Yao and Qingyu mobilized almost all of the Fiend Night Clan's experts, there were only two Sector Lords left guarding Cage Island.
On the highest observation tower of Cage Island, Sector Lord Feng Ling carried a longbow as tall as a person. She looked at the blazing white storm in the sky.
Her eyes turned pale yellow, and there were three red dots that kept circling. The three red dots finally converged into a ball and locked onto the rapidly descending figure in the sky.
"Invader, human martial artist! Die! "
Even Fiend Night Clan martial artists would be killed if they got close to Cage Island, much less a human martial artist.
Feng Ling didn't hesitate at all. Her slender arms lightly waved, and the longbow was pulled open. A blue spiral formed on the bowstring.
Xiu xiu xiu xiu …
As the spirals converged, a heart-palpitating energy fluctuation condensed.
Sou!
The spiral left a trail of tens of thousands of feet in the sky as it accurately shot towards the figure.
Although the opponent was a Sector Lord, he wouldn't be able to dodge her arrow.
Feng Ling was very confident in her archery skills. Plus, the longbow in her hand was given to her by the Island Lord before she left, a secondary grade 1 god artifact.
The helix shot out quickly approached and finally hit the target accurately. It exploded in the air, disrupting the sudden airflow and forming a violent storm, completely annihilating the target.
"Is he dead?" Feng Ling looked above with concern.
When the storm dissipated, she still saw a figure falling, or rather, 'falling'.
He should have been killed already. Human world overlords were truly unable to withstand a single strike. Feng Ling thought to herself. After that, she slung her bow over her shoulder and leaped into the air like a nimble rabbit. She soared through the air and flew towards her target.
When the target had just fallen to the ground, Feng Ling had already arrived at her destination. Then, an expression of disbelief suddenly appeared on her originally indifferent face.
The human Sector Lord was lying in the hole he created and was slowly climbing up. At the same time, he looked up and smiled at Feng Ling.
This guy was actually unharmed!
When Feng Ling saw that small moment, she felt a chill run down her spine. Almost like a conditioned reflex, she raised her hand and shot an arrow!
Forming the arrow, drawing the bow, aiming, shooting. These few actions had already become instinct in Feng Ling's mind. In one breath, the opponent didn't even have time to react.
Hua la!

Chapter 1614
The Yao Night clan's Sector Lord's eyes were filled with shock …
This person didn't use any sacred art.
He didn't use any protective True Yuan or God Light. He was able to take an arrow from less than 30 meters away, and he wasn't injured at all. Not even the corner of his clothes were torn …
Was this guy even human?
Luo Zheng slowly walked out of the crater. He couldn't sense any killing intent from him.
He didn't want to kill for no reason.
Although the Demon Night Clan was created by Mu Haiji, they had grown up together with the universe. They had become one with the universe and were considered a part of the universe. The key to the Demon Night Clan was the Soul Sealing Needle in the depths of the three kings' souls …
If he was facing a Saint Race Sector Lord, Luo Zheng wouldn't hesitate to kill him. However, Luo Zheng wouldn't do that against the Yao Night clan.
"Don't attack anymore, I don't mean any harm," Luo Zheng said as he walked towards the other party.
Feng Ling placed her hand on the longbow and stared at Luo Zheng. Her entire body was in a tense state, and her toes were constantly moving on the ground. This was the unique footwork of an Archer. Her whole body was constantly moving backward along with Luo Zheng's speed, always maintaining a distance of about ten feet from Luo Zheng.
She didn't shoot a third arrow.
The first two arrows weren't able to injure this youth at all. Could the third arrow kill him? At this moment, she felt extremely conflicted.
She had already determined that Luo Zheng was an enemy, so she had to attack him with all her might.
However, she didn't feel any hostility from him, which was quite strange.
"Trespassers of Cage Island will die! Tell me your goal! "Feng Ling was still extremely vigilant.
"I'm looking for someone," Luo Zheng replied as he walked.
"My Cage Island is filled with prisoners personally appointed by the King. The person you're looking for isn't here. Stop!" Feng Ling shouted.
However, Luo Zheng ignored her warning and continued to walk at an even pace.
At this moment, a True Yuan voice transmission sounded in Feng Ling's ears.
"Attack together and kill this person!"
The one who spoke was the other Yao Night clan Sector Lord, Shui Ying.
Compared to Feng Ling, Shui Ying was slightly stronger.
If the two of them worked together, they might have a chance.
Feng Ling was also a decisive person. Once she made a decision, she immediately attacked!
Her movement speed suddenly increased by several times. In the process of moving backward, the two ends of the longbow in her hand unfurled six black blades. It was as if the longbow had spread its wings, and a light began to flow along the surface of the longbow!
"Hiss!"
A bright golden light condensed at her fingertip and turned into a short golden arrow!
After the arrow appeared, golden wind blades crazily revolved around the short arrow.
"Perfect Storm Arrow!"
Feng Ling had already comprehended the profundity of the ninth level of the Laws of Wind and had perfectly integrated it into her archery.
"Wu wu wu …"
As the golden wind blade spun around the short golden arrow, it emitted a sound that resembled the wails of ghosts and howls of wolves!
"Sou!"
Immediately after, the arrow left the bowstring, drawing a perfectly straight line in the air, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
"Aren't you going to dodge?"
This Perfect Storm Arrow was self-created by Feng Ling. It was an archery skill that she was proud of and was also her strongest attack!
However, after shooting this arrow, Feng Ling's heart was still very conflicted.
She hoped to hit Luo Zheng and kill Luo Zheng, but at the same time, she was worried about the terrifying defense of this monster in front of her. If this arrow hit Luo Zheng head-on and he remained unscathed, the blow to her would be too great.
At the same time that Feng Ling shot this arrow, a black figure appeared.
That black figure was wearing a bright black tight-fitting night suit. Like a ghost, it left an afterimage in the air and then disappeared from sight.
In an instant, the small golden arrow nailed Luo Zheng's chest!
The golden wind blades that surrounded the small arrow followed Luo Zheng like a shadow. These wind blades began to crazily cut Luo Zheng's body!
At the same time, the black figure silently appeared behind Luo Zheng. The black figure held a silver dagger and stabbed towards Luo Zheng's back!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's entire body was covered in golden wind blades. To a sector lord, these golden wind blades were extremely powerful. However, the black figure also hid behind the world, so the golden wind blades didn't cause any damage to the black figure.
"Ding!"
The silver dagger stabbed into Luo Zheng's green shirt, but it only made a crisp sound. It didn't pierce through Luo Zheng's clothes at all!
The wind blades dissipated and the black figure retreated, standing side by side with Feng Ling.
This black figure was dressed in black, and the exposed parts of her skin were snow white. It was the other sector lord that stayed behind to guard Cage Island, Shui Ying.
At this moment, Shui Ying's expression was the same as Feng Ling's, extremely ugly.
She had a deep understanding of the Dao of Assassination. Just now, she wanted to cooperate with Feng Ling to kill this human youth in one strike. Whether it was timing or speed, she grasped them very precisely.
She didn't think that she wouldn't even be able to pierce through this person's clothes …
"The two of you can stop now. I'm really just here to find someone." Luo Zheng lightly said, the smile on his face fading a little.
The two sector lords of the Yao Night clan couldn't do anything to this invulnerable sector lord. With such a clear difference in strength, Feng Ling asked, "Who are you looking for?"
"Her name is Liu Yu. She's imprisoned on this island." Luo Zheng lightly said.
"Liu Yu?" Shui Ying's eyebrows rose.
The members of the Yao Night Clan who were able to be imprisoned on Cage Island were definitely not ordinary people. However, there were a few exceptions. The two Sector Lords naturally knew Liu Yu because Liu Yu's cultivation was probably the weakest amongst all the members of the Yao Night Clan who had been subjected to the torture. He was only at the Divine Ocean Realm.
Besides her, the others were all at the Divine Transformation realm. There were even a few sector lords!
When Liu Yu was escorted here and learned that she was an ascender, many people felt it was strange. Just how had this newly ascended clansman offended their king?
"Why are you looking for her?" Feng Ling asked.
Luo Zheng lightly smiled. "Of course I'm here to save her."
"Only the king has the right to take away anyone that enters Cage Island!" Shui Ying's eyes narrowed.
"You don't have the right to stop me." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Shui Ying and Feng Ling immediately fell silent …
This human youth in front of them was very restrained. They had used their killing moves several times in a row without holding back at all, but he didn't seem to have any intention of fighting back.
This fellow wasn't boasting. They really didn't have the right.
"Even if we don't have the right, we won't give up." Shui Ying's attitude was even more resolute than Feng Ling's.
Although all the elites of the Yao Night clan had come out, they were still the guardians of Cage Island. They wouldn't back down in the face of an invader.
Feng Ling stared at Luo Zheng. After sizing him up, she suddenly felt that this human youth's voice was very familiar …
He was a sector lord. He was so young, but he had such terrifying strength. There weren't many martial artists like him in the universe.
"Who are you?" Feng Ling asked.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He didn't plan on hiding his identity. "I'm Luo Zheng."
As expected …
Feng Ling's guess was confirmed.
As for Shui Ying, she stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's voice often echoed in the universe. Everyone knew about the grudge between him and Yao Yao.
The most important thing was that Luo Zheng had another king of the Yao Night clan by his side!
"Don't make any unnecessary resistance. I don't want to implicate the innocent." Luo Zheng calmly glanced at the two women. He turned his head and walked in a direction.
It wasn't hard to find Liu Yu through the will of the world. He knew where Liu Yu was.
As for the two sector lords of the Yao Night clan, they looked at each other and finally learned to be smart. They didn't attack Luo Zheng anymore. At the same time, they felt very strange.
It should be Luo Zheng's first time on Cage Island. How could he accurately know where Liu Yu was?
After walking for tens of li, Luo Zheng finally stopped in front of a huge pillar.
Liu Yu's hands were behind her back. She was hanging on the pillar. Her body was covered in traces of corrosion. Her long hair fell to the ground. Her eyes were closed and her soul was extremely weak …
Seeing Liu Yu like this, Luo Zheng felt a bit apologetic.
He had given Liu Yu hope and promised that he would bring her out within three years. However, the situation before this and Luo Zheng's strength were not enough to save her. Instead, he had allowed her to suffer in this place!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1615
Drip, drip, drip, drip …
Drops of black rain fell from the sky.
Cage Island was located in a black ocean. The water in the ocean was extremely corrosive and no living thing could survive in it.
The water evaporated and condensed in the air, gathering above Cage Island and finally falling down as raindrops.
The extremely corrosive raindrops were called the Rain of Pain by the Yao Night clan. After the seventh generation King of Punishment discovered the uniqueness of this place, he created this artistic punishment, which was second only to the Eternal Night Punishment.
Weng, weng.
Following two soft cries, Feng Ling and Shui Ying, who were behind Luo Zheng, both condensed protective true essence. The raindrops hit their protective true essence and made sizzling sounds. The Rain of Pain was corroding their protective true essence.
Even though they were sector lords, they didn't dare to let the Rain of Pain splash on their bodies. The corrosive rain could melt gold and penetrate iron. It could also touch a warrior's sense of pain and make them wish they were dead.
Luo Zheng didn't react at all to the raindrops.
When the raindrops landed on Luo Zheng, they didn't even corrode his body. They were like ordinary raindrops, sliding down Luo Zheng's body.
When the two sector lords of the Yao Night clan saw this, they glanced at each other …
What was this guy's body made of?!
The two of them were guarding this island. Even if it was a grade one divine artifact, they had to protect it well. They couldn't let it be exposed to the Rain of Pain!
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, he didn't care about the Rain of Pain at all!
Chi la!
A raindrop fell on Liu Yu's body.
Liu Yu, who was hanging on the railings like a zombie, suddenly trembled and let out a muffled groan.
Besides Liu Yu, all sorts of painful howls could be heard on Cage Island …
If one endured some pain for a long time, they would become numb to it. They wouldn't even feel pain anymore. This was a form of self-protection for warriors.
However, the huge charms on Cage Island contained strong Life Laws. These charms were created by the seventh generation Monarch of Life and were actually trees that were divine artifacts. These trees would also be corroded by the Rain of Pain, but they could rely on the Life Laws to repair themselves and the warriors tied to the charms …
The only difference was that these trees that had been forged into cannon brands had no sense of pain, while the martial artists tied to them were living a life worse than death.
"Ah …"
Drops of Rain of Pain splashed onto Liu Yu's body. On her snow-white back, a few black holes appeared, and a faint white smoke rose from her back.
At this moment, a strong life force was emitted from the torch, and the holes on Liu Yu's body were instantly repaired, forming new pieces of flesh of different colors.
But at the same time, new rainwater dripped down. The newly grown flesh was corroded and then repaired again.
This was the most painful process. It was a cycle that repeated endlessly.
The entire Cage Island was like purgatory at this moment. Countless members of the Fiend Night Clan made all sorts of noises from their throats. They roared in pain, screamed, cursed … and some others, like Liu Yu, remained silent.
Luo Zheng walked forward and gently flicked his hand. An invisible force appeared above Liu Yu's head, and all the Rain of Pain was instantly repelled by Luo Zheng's power …
At this moment, the Life Laws in the charms completely repaired Liu Yu in a few breaths of time, but she still didn't open her eyes.
Not long after, Liu Yu finally felt something strange.
As long as the charms emitted life force, it meant that the Rain of Pain would continue to drip down. There had never been an exception in the past few years.
She reached out to sweep the hair in front of her forehead and suddenly opened her eyes. In front of her was a handsome young man.
Liu Yu was slightly stunned, but she stared blankly at Luo Zheng …
Ever since they parted on the Illusory Battlefield, Liu Yu had deeply engraved Luo Zheng's promise in her heart. It was practically her greatest motivation to endure!
Every time the Roaring Command sounded in the universe, no matter how painful it was, Liu Yu would perk up her ears to listen …
But as the situation evolved, Liu Yu found that the situation was becoming more and more unfavorable.
Perhaps she knew very little of the truth, but through the Roaring Command, she still learned that a race called the Sacred Race had begun to attack the human race. Later on, she also learned that the Fiend Night Clan had allied with the Sacred Race, and the situation began to become more complicated.
Three years passed very quickly. Luo Zheng didn't come at the scheduled time.
However, Liu Yu didn't hear anything about Luo Zheng's death. She knew Luo Zheng's personality. As long as he was alive, he definitely wouldn't give up.
Recently, Luo Zheng's voice sounded in the universe again. He had begun to declare war on the Sacred Race. Saving her seemed to be even further away. In a few years, Luo Zheng probably wasn't strong enough to fight against the Fiend Night Clan, right?
She didn't expect that in less than a month, she would see Luo Zheng again. At this moment, she suspected that she was dreaming.
However, there were no dreams on Cage Island. In such a painful environment, no one could sleep peacefully. Even if there was, it would be a nightmare.
"Luo Zheng, you …"
Liu Yu's eyes were filled with confusion. Because she saw the two Fiend Night Clan Sector Lords behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled at Liu Yu apologetically, "I'm very sorry, I didn't see you."
With that, Luo Zheng's finger tapped lightly.
The vines binding Liu Yu instantly broke. Liu Yu's entire body slid to the ground, weakly sitting on the ground …
After being eroded by the Rain of Pain for so many years, she was completely naked. Facing Luo Zheng, she could still maintain her shyness. She struggled to keep her legs together while staring at the two Sector Lords behind Luo Zheng. "But they …"
Luo Zheng could casually enter Cage Island. There was no way he wouldn't be stopped. Why were the two Sector Lords just standing there like idiots?
Luo Zheng took out a thick blanket from his spatial ring and covered Liu Yu's body. He then smiled faintly, "It's okay, they can't beat me."
Even if they couldn't beat him … they couldn't just stand there and watch right?
Luo Zheng's answer didn't solve Liu Yu's confusion. Instead, it made her even more confused.
Liu Yu naturally didn't know that it wasn't that the two Sector Lords didn't want to stop Luo Zheng. It was just that there was a huge difference in strength. The two of them couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. On the contrary, if Luo Zheng wanted to kill them, it would be as easy as flipping his hand.
The two Sector Lords were like two three year old children. They used all sorts of methods, but Luo Zheng still didn't do anything. How could they fight in this situation?
They could only stand behind Luo Zheng and watch the show …
Yao's rules were extremely strict. None of the prisoners on Cage Island were allowed to escape. If Liu Yu was taken away by Luo Zheng, the two of them would probably be severely punished.
At this stage, the entire Yao Ye clan's elites were all out. Yao Ye couldn't care about this anymore.
After saving Liu Yu, Luo Zheng turned his head and his gaze landed on the two Yao Ye clan Sector Lords, "Do you know why I didn't kill you?"
Hearing this, the faces of the two Sector Lords revealed vigilant looks.
With Luo Zheng's methods, they indeed weren't Luo Zheng's match!
Luo Zheng smiled, "Because I see the Yao Ye clan as my friends."
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the two Yao Ye clan Sector Lords had complicated expressions …
"Although the Yao Ye clan betrayed the entire universe, you weren't the betrayers. It was your king." Luo Zheng's voice gradually became cold, "And your Yao Ye clan doesn't only have two kings. There's a third …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of blood red light. That was killing intent rolling within him. At this moment, he seemed to have inherited Fumigation's aura, "I will represent the King of Massacre and get rid of the other two kings!"
Liu Yu, who was wrapped in a blanket, looked at Luo Zheng's broad back. Hearing this, her originally tired and sickly face glowed with a trace of radiance and a gratified smile appeared on her face.
As for the two Sector Lords, they took in a deep breath …
If it was in the past, the Yao Ye clan would have already attacked someone who said such disgraceful words. In order to protect their king's honor, they were willing to sacrifice their lives. Moreover, the two of them belonged to the Saint Chain Sect, which supported the King of Punishment.

Chapter 1616
When a human's power reaches its peak, it will form a God Kingdom and a Holy Land.
The other races in the universe are more or less the same, but the Yaoye clan is a bit special. Strictly speaking, the Yaoye clan is similar to the esoteric sect in Gods No Thought.
However, the esoteric sects in Gods No Thought were only there to absorb the power of faith. They haven't developed to the point where they can rule over an entire force. The various esoteric sects still serve the four major families.
The Yaoye clan is completely controlled by the three kings.
The reason for this social structure is naturally Mu Haiji's intention. His goal is to use the Soul Sealing Needle to make the three kings lead the Yaoye clan in rebellion.
Although the Yaoye clan is absolutely loyal to the king, they are still intelligent beings. They don't agree with the king's actions.
However, Kaoru still hasn't returned to the throne. As the two kings are the rulers of the Yaoye clan, they can't go against their orders. They can only bite the bullet and follow their king.
Even if Feng Ling and Mizukage belong to the Holy Chain Sect, when they heard Luo Zheng's words, they couldn't help but feel agitated.
If it were another king, the Yaoye clan would be fine …
At this moment, the two of them simultaneously had the same thought.
Whether it's rationally or emotionally, they are willing to stand on the side of the human race and Luo Zheng.
But they can't betray their king!
The traitors of the Yaoye clan are called "abandoned by the king". This is the greatest shame of the Yaoye clan. Some people would rather bear the most painful punishment than betray their king! From the moment they were born, the honor of following their king has settled in their blood.
Therefore, when Feng Ling and Mizukage had this thought, they were frightened by their own thoughts! This kind of thinking is disgraceful!
But after this thought was born, it grew uncontrollably.
"We … will not betray our king." Mizukage shook her head stubbornly.
"Not now doesn't mean we won't in the future." Luo Zheng looked up at the sky.
A huge black cloud floated in the sky above this sea. The clouds gathered above Cage Island to form a storm, and the Rain of Pain fell …
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body suddenly rose from the ground, and his hands suddenly circled!
The nine stars in his body slowly rotated, and an invisible power spiraled between his hands!
The power radiated outwards, causing the surrounding space to distort crazily!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's fist suddenly shot towards the sky!
Boom!
A muffled sound came from the sky.
The black clouds that gathered above Cage Island were instantly torn apart by this tremendous force. Like a torn piece of cloth, they turned into strips of cloth that quickly drifted in all directions …
After a few breaths of time, the storm dissipated, and the black rain that fell from the sky also stopped.
Luo Zheng lowered his head and glanced at the two sector lords. With a flash, he charged towards the other cannon!
Feng Ming and the Mizukage obviously guessed what Luo Zheng wanted to do. The Mizukage's brows suddenly wrinkled, and she wanted to rush over, but Feng Ming reached out and grabbed her, then shook his head, "You can't stop him …"
"But we can't let him!" The Mizukage said angrily.
Feng Ming still shook his head, "The current situation isn't something we can control. Maybe … he's right."
There was no right or wrong in the conflict between races. From the Yao Ye clan's point of view, Luo Zheng was definitely their enemy. However, Luo Zheng just used Fumigate's aura to affect them.
Luo Zheng flew towards the other cannon. On this cannon, there was a Yao Ye clan sector lord tied up.
This sector lord was looking up at the dissipating black clouds in the sky. Her eyes were filled with shock. The clouds seemed to have been dispersed by someone, but how could such a thing happen on Cage Island?
Just as she was shocked, an extremely fast figure swooped down and stopped in front of her.
"Human?" The Yao Ye clan sector lord revealed a confused expression.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and the vines binding the sector lord were broken. He didn't stop at all and flew towards the other cannon …
The people he rescued were all prisoners of the Yao Ye clan. To be able to be imprisoned on Cage Island meant that they were all sinners to the Yao Ye clan. There were all sorts of strange reasons why they were imprisoned here.
Many of them weren't weak. Most of them were at the Divine Transformation realm and there were even some sector lords!
After being rescued, the Yao Ye clansmen were still very weak. However, with their cultivation here, they recovered quickly. Soon, some sector lords regained their ability to move and gathered towards Luo Zheng.
Liu Yu also stood up. She didn't say a word as she looked at the clansmen gathering around her. Liu Yu didn't know what Luo Zheng wanted to do.
The Yao Ye clansmen looked at the Mizukage and Feng Ling with hatred on their faces.
No matter what the reason was, it was all because of Yao Yao, so these warriors were quite hostile towards the Holy Chain Sect. Naturally, they were hostile towards the Mizukage and Feng Ling.
However, their strength hadn't fully recovered and they hadn't gathered their true essence yet. They didn't have the ability to fight yet.
Once all the members of the Daynight Clan had gathered here, Luo Zheng glanced at them and asked, "Are all of you willing to follow me?"
"Who are you? Why did you save us? "A Yao Ye clan sector lord stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"Our Yao Ye clan won't follow a human." Another Yao Ye clan sector lord said.
Even at this stage, the Yao Ye clan was still noble. Even if they were in dire straits, they would still be extremely elegant. They had nowhere to go, but they wouldn't follow a human.
Weng …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed red. In this situation, he could only borrow Xun's soul again.
"What if I can represent the King of Slaughter?" Luo Zheng said.
"You are …"
"Hmph, a mere human sector lord, what right do you have to represent our king!"
"Wait, why do you have our king's aura on you!"
There were many Sacred Spear Sect fighters on Cage island. They had followed Xun for a long time, but because they resisted, they were sent here by Yao.
They were familiar with Xun's aura, it couldn't be faked!
"Because he's Luo Zheng, our king is in his body!" Liu Yu said.
When they heard Liu Yu, all the cultivators from the Demon Night Clan instantly came to a sudden understanding, and their gazes towards Luo Zheng were filled with even more reverence!
Even though they were imprisoned here, the battle between Luo Zheng and Yao a few years ago had spread across the entire universe. They had also heard it loud and clear! Luo Zheng was Liu Yu's hope, and at the same time, a glimmer of hope in their hearts. If Luo Zheng returned with Xun Sha and successfully returned to the throne, they would finally be able to see the light of day again …
"Our king's soul still exists, why can't she appear?" One of the Yao Ye clan sector lords asked.
If it was before, Xun could appear as a sword spirit.
But now, Xun was just a remnant soul in Luo Zheng's body. She had even lost her memories, how could he make her appear?
"There's a problem with her soul …" Luo Zheng couldn't explain too much. If Xun didn't destroy her soul, she would end up like Yao and go against the entire universe. However, destroying her soul would cause her to lose all her memories.
Luo Zheng continued, "If you're willing to follow me, I'll bring you to see someone!"
"See who?"
"Someone from our Yao Ye clan?"
The Yao Ye clan members were all anxious …
Luo Zheng nodded and replied, "Your Yao Ye clan's Empyrean, Divine Arrow Empyrean."
The three kings were the true leaders of the Yao Ye clan, but the Empyrean's status wasn't low either. As a member of the Yao Ye clan, Divine Arrow Empyrean's status and rallying power weren't low either.
Divine Arrow Empyrean only went into hiding to avoid Yao's encirclement. He hadn't shown himself for so many years.
Most importantly, Divine Arrow Empyrean belonged to the Sacred Spear Sect. Most of the people here belonged to the Sacred Spear Sect, so they were all anxious to see Divine Arrow Empyrean.
"Where is he!?"
"I want to see him!"
"… …"

Chapter 1617
Everything within the range of the will of the world was no secret to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had already found where Divine Arrow Empyrean was hiding.
This time, Luo Zheng's goal was very clear. He wanted to kill the two Demon Kings of the Demon Night Clan at the smallest price possible. After neutralizing the Demon Night Clan's attacks, he would be able to focus on resisting the Sacred Race.
But in the end, Luo Zheng was still an outsider. Now that Xun's soul had shown no reaction, he could only place his hopes on the Demon Night Clan's Divine Arrow Empyrean.
The Demon Night Clan members present were still a bit confused.
Divine Arrow Empyrean had disappeared for many years. Ten years ago, no one knew if he was still alive or not … It was only ten years ago that Divine Arrow Empyrean had roared out that he was still alive. Now that Luo Zheng suddenly said that he could take them to see Divine Arrow Empyrean, the Demon Night Clan members were still in disbelief.
But thinking about it, Xun's soul was attached to this human youth's body. This meant that Luo Zheng most likely knew much more than they did. Thus, they couldn't help but feel a strong sense of anticipation!
Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. He lightly flicked the teleportation medallion in his hand, causing a blazing white light to appear in front of him.
"Everyone, please follow me." As Luo Zheng spoke, he stepped into the light and disappeared from everyone's sight.
The blazing white light continuously spun in everyone's eyes, as if it was a gate to another world. But everyone still had a trace of hesitation on their faces. Should they follow this outsider? After all, in a sense, following Luo Zheng was the same as betraying the Demon Night Clan. For the incomparably loyal Demon Night Clan members, this was even more difficult to accept than being punished by the Eternal Night Clan …
At this moment, Liu Yu did not hesitate at all. She walked barefooted towards the whirlpool of light. Under the blazing white light, her snow-white face was outlined with an extremely beautiful outline, giving her appearance a layer of holy light. She suddenly said loudly, "I'm a member of the Yao Night Clan who ascended from the lower realm!"
When the members of the Yao Night Clan heard this, strange expressions appeared on their faces.
Luo Zheng had saved about 3,000 people from the Yao Night Clan. Among them, there were more than 1,000 sector lords. There were even three great sector lords from the Yao Night Clan. They were all from famous clans and families in the Yao Night Clan. Because they had offended Luo Yao, they were imprisoned on Cage Island.
In contrast, Liu Yu seemed out of place with them. He was just a warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm, and he seemed to have just reached the Spirit Sea Realm …
Now that they heard Liu Yu say that he had ascended from the lower realm, everyone came to a sudden realization. At the same time, they were puzzled. Why would someone from the lower realm be imprisoned on Cage Island?
In order to be locked up here, one had to have certain qualifications. Not just any Tom, Dick, or Harry had the qualifications to be captured on Cage Island.
"I watched Luo Zheng grow up. At that time, our King of Slaughter had already attached himself to him." Liu Yu continued, "At that time, I offended the King of Punishment. That's why I was imprisoned here."
"I don't have the right to comment on the conflict between kings. I don't believe in Xun. I believe in Luo Zheng. He can lead the Yao Night Clan out of this predicament!" After saying this, Liu Yu turned around and entered the blazing white light.
Liu Yu's words were quite disgraceful. She didn't even believe in Xun. Instead, she chose to believe in a human!
All the members of the Yao Night Clan were stunned.
There was a saying in the Yao Night Clan. This saying was spread in the Yao Night Clan's language. In simple words, it basically meant that it was easy to take the life of a member of the Yao Night Clan, but it was extremely difficult to make them betray you.
Now, Liu Yu was basically announcing that she had betrayed the Yao Night Clan and was following a human warrior.
"I want to see Divine Arrow Heavenly Sovereign!" A Yao Night Clan Sector Lord finally made up his mind and walked towards the blazing white light. His slender figure entered the light and disappeared from everyone's sight.
"I also want to …" A second Yao Night Clan member also walked over.
"I …"
Actually, their thoughts were similar to Liu Yu's. They chose to believe in Luo Zheng, but their experiences were different from Liu Yu's. They didn't want to say this in front of everyone. Divine Arrow Heavenly Sovereign became the best excuse to follow Luo Zheng.
As a result, more and more clansmen of the Daynight Clan entered the vortex ….
Soon, all of the Yao Night Clan members had left. Only Mizukage and Feng Ming remained.
"Don't you want to stop them?" Mizukage stared at Feng Ming and asked.
Feng Ming bit her lips. She bit hard and the taste of blood spread from her mouth, "I don't know why, but I feel like they're doing the right thing."
The two of them belonged to the Sacred Chain Sect and were followers of the Punishment King. They were completely different from the others, but even Feng Ming's heart was shaken.
"That's not an illusion," Mizukage smiled, "I also feel like they're doing the right thing."
Hearing this, Feng Ming stared at Mizukage. The two women's gazes were filled with a strange light. They could clearly see the change in each other's eyes. It was as if a layer of paper had been pierced through, or as if a man and woman who had a crush on each other had seen through each other's heart …
"You want to go too?"
"Yes, everyone's gone anyways …"
"I want to go too, wait for me …"
Over 3,000 members of the Yao Night Clan were floating in the space created by the Teleportation Medallion. They curiously observed their surroundings. They could not understand what kind of space they were in at all. It was as if all the great worlds in the universe had been compressed into this space. Just what kind of power was this?
Luo Zheng was still guarding the light in front of him. He didn't put it away, as if he was waiting for something.
"Everyone's in," Liu Yu floated beside Luo Zheng and reminded him.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. At this moment, the whirlpool in front of him suddenly shook, and a black figure floated out of the whirlpool, followed by another red figure. It was Fengming and Mizukage!
Many of the Demon Night clan's sector lords frowned and looked at the two with hostility.
"You two still want to die?" A great sector lord stared coldly at Feng Ming and Mizukage. After this period of recovery, the great sector lord had recovered quite a bit of his primeval essence. Although he wasn't at his peak, it wasn't a problem for him to protect himself in front of two sector lords. Plus, there were thousands of them!
Mizukage frowned and a fierce look appeared on his face. However, Feng Ming pulled Mizukage behind him and smiled kindly at everyone, "I think … we should join you!"
To the Yao Night Clan, this was an era where their faith had collapsed.
Yao and Ying's decision that wasn't popular had already dragged the Yao Night Clan into the abyss. The entire Yao Night Clan was filled with internal conflicts. It was just that there wasn't a single leader that stood out …
If Xun didn't destroy the Soul Sealing Needle, she would also be controlled by the needle and join Yao and Ying.
But now, Luo Zheng was using Xun's name to become the 'leader' of the Yao Night Clan.
This was something that Mu Hai Ji didn't expect when he planted the seed. He didn't think that a king would break free from his control. He also didn't think that this king would use tens of thousands of years to destroy the Soul Sealing Needle with great perseverance and all of his memories!
Everyone followed behind Luo Zheng and passed through this space.
This space seemed to have marked out the entire upper realm of the universe. It was like a huge map. Being in it made one feel very small.
They were just very curious. They didn't realize what this space meant …
Very quickly, Luo Zheng chose a great realm and opened a white light at the top of it. He was the first to enter!
When the Yao Night Clan members followed Luo Zheng in and saw the world in front of them, their eyes were filled with disbelief. Only now did they realize that the space was connected to the entire great realm of the universe! Luo Zheng could pass through it as he wished!
"This, this is the Purple Snow Realm?"
"We passed through over 900 great realms just now?"
"How did he do it?!"
Very few people in this world knew about the wonders of the Teleportation Medallion. Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Ji Luoxue, and the others were also very surprised when they passed through the Teleportation Medallion. After all, they were Dao Disciples and were used to seeing Divine Artifacts.
However, the Yao Night Clan members who followed Luo Zheng were different. The two Great Realm Lords in particular were filled with disbelief.
Only Heavenly Venerates could instantly pass through over a thousand great realms. Moreover, even Heavenly Venerates couldn't lead thousands of people over such a long distance!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1618
This Purple Snow Realm was the westernmost part of the Yao Night clan's territory. There weren't any important mines or rich heaven and earth essence here. It wasn't a strategic location either.
So this great realm didn't even have a single rank 10 sacred land. There were only a few small sacred lands of the Yao Night clan gathered here.
The only thing special about the Purple Snow Realm was its beautiful scenery. Faint purple snowflakes floated here all year round, covering the mountains, lakes and oceans, giving this place a mesmerizing color …
The Yao Night clan members were shocked for a while before recovering. The leading sector lord asked Luo Zheng, "Our Yao Night clan's Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable is in the Purple Snow Realm?"
When the two kings fought, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable was heavily injured and fled.
The Yao Night clan had tried to find traces of Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable, but the universe was too big. If a Heavenly Venerable wanted to hide, there were many ways.
But no one would've thought that Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable didn't escape the Yao Night clan's territory. Instead, he hid in this great realm.
As long as it was a great realm occupied by the world will, there were no secrets. Luo Zheng only discovered Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable's location after searching the world will.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Everyone, follow me."
He couldn't guarantee that the Yao Night clan members would be completely loyal, but it didn't matter if he exposed Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable's location.
The situation in the universe had already reached its final stage. Humans and Yao Night clan, humans and saints, all the races and saints in the universe were about to have a showdown.
The saints dao son Maha had arranged a battle in the Flower Water Realm so that they could have a showdown sooner.
Luo Zheng also felt that he couldn't wait any longer. But before that, he had to take the Yao Night clan back into his hands!
In the vast purple snow, Luo Zheng's body was like a leaf as he quickly floated down.
Liu Yu and the other Yao Night clan members followed closely behind …
Below them was a huge mountain range. The snow mountains were covered in purple, forming a purple mountain range. It looked like a sleeping dragon that stretched endlessly.
After Luo Zheng entered the mountain range, he directly entered a valley between two snow mountains …
"Roar roar roar!"
On both sides of the valley, a few large purple demon bears roared at the people in the air. Their roars echoed throughout the valley, sounding extremely terrifying.
Luo Zheng led the way in the front. Facing the provocation of these demon bears, he didn't show any expression.
A big sector lord from the Yao Night clan glanced at the bears and frowned. Two red halos shot out from his eyes, one big and one small. The big one shrunk while the small one grew bigger. When the two halos met, the two halos started to merge!
"Phew …"
A formless aura spread out from the Great Sector Lord.
The moment the purple demonic bears came into contact with this aura, they, who were originally restless, seemed to have met their nemesis.
"Sob …"
All the purple demonic bears turned around at the same time and retreated back into their own caves, not daring to make any more noise.
"Hmph." The Yao Night clan Great Sector Lord coldly snorted and then chased down. To be able to be locked up in Cage Island, the Yao Night clan members' strength and talent were definitely not ordinary.
After reaching the lowest point of the valley, Luo Zheng circled around but did not find the entrance to the bottom of the valley.
Divine Arrow Empyrean had been hiding here for many years. As an Empyrean, after he went underground, he naturally changed the layout of this place and completely sealed the original path.
Since he couldn't find a path, he could only create one himself.
Luo Zheng found a flat area and with a wave of his hand, the snow around him was instantly blown away.
Then, he bent down and pressed his hand against the ground. With a light tap of his finger, a rumbling sound reverberated through the ground. Not long after, the ground under Luo Zheng's feet split open and a bottomless hole appeared.
Luo Zheng nodded to Liu Yu behind him, and then he entered the hole. Liu Yu followed closely behind him, and the other members of the Yao Night Clan didn't hesitate at all. Since they'd followed Luo Zheng all the way here, even if it was a dragon's lair or a tiger's den, they were willing to explore it …
Just now, with a tap of Luo Zheng's finger, he opened up a ten mile long well that went straight down!
When Luo Zheng reached the bottom of the well, he did the same thing again and pointed downwards. The well continued to extend downwards.
After repeating this over a hundred times, the well that extended downwards was now over a thousand miles deep. Looking up, they couldn't see the well anymore …
"How much longer?" A Sector Lord couldn't wait any longer and asked.
"Soon." Luo Zheng replied.
When Luo Zheng dug downwards again, the bottom of the well was finally pierced through and a huge cave appeared below.
After Luo Zheng entered the cave, he saw that there were many small caves around the cave.
The caves a thousand miles below the ground were all formed tens of millions of years ago. There should have been a rich underground river here …
"Which path should we choose?" Someone asked.
The caves were like a natural giant maze. They suspected that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to find the correct path.
It was indeed difficult for others, but to Luo Zheng, it couldn't be any easier.
With the memories in his mind, not only could he accurately identify each cave, he could even find out how they were formed and how they evolved.
Luo Zheng wasn't an omnipotent existence in this universe. That was an ability that only Luo Xiao had. But if the will of the world covered the entire universe, he would be in a state of "omniscience". He would be able to see through any secret in this world. This was a terrifying ability!
"Just follow." Luo Zheng replied. He chose a cave and flew towards it.
In the depths of the underground, there were already very few living beings that lived here. However, as they passed through the winding caves, they still encountered over ten different types of ferocious beasts. Most of them were not a threat to martial artists, but there was a type of frog without eyes that almost caused a Sector Lord to lose his life. These colorful little frogs had extremely terrifying venom.
After travelling for over a hundred miles, they finally reached the end of the cave.
When they reached the end, they realized that the cave was very flat. It was obviously carved out by human hands. It seemed like there were people living here!
Luo Zheng stepped on the ground and walked forward slowly. His face was filled with caution.
He knew about Divine Arrow Empyrean, but Divine Arrow Empyrean didn't know that Luo Zheng was here. If they rushed over, it was very likely that Divine Arrow Empyrean would counterattack. Even if Divine Arrow Empyrean was injured, a Empyrean's methods were still terrifying!
Just as Luo Zheng turned a corner, a golden stream of light suddenly shot towards him!
"Si — —"
The golden light was only as thick as a pinky finger. It almost brushed past Luo Zheng's nose. Under its terrifying speed, it seemed to ignore the laws of space!
Luo Zheng didn't even have time to react!
"It's Sun Flaming Arrow!"
The Yao Night clan fighter's excited voice came from behind!
"Divine Arrow Empyrean is here!"
Divine Arrow Empyrean's Dream God Arrow. The Yao Night clan was the most proficient archer in the universe. Before inheriting the Mandate of Heaven, Dream God Arrow was the strongest archer in the clan!
Sun Flaming Arrow was one of Dream God Arrow's ultimate techniques!
"Lord Divine Arrow! I'm Qian Ling! "
The Yao Night clan's Great Realm Lord impatiently called out. His voice reverberated throughout the cave, loud and clear.
The Yao Night clan members here were all from the Sacred Spear Sect. Dream God Arrow himself was a Realm Lord of the Sacred Spear Sect. Later on, with Xun's help, Dream God Arrow inherited the Mandate of Heaven and became an Empyrean. Naturally, there were people here who were familiar with Dream God Arrow!
This Great Realm Lord called Qian Ling was related to Divine Arrow Empyrean by blood!
His voice reverberated, but there was no response from the depths of the cave …
Qian Ling was also a little anxious and wanted to rush over. However, the moment she passed by Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed Qian Ling's waist, pulling her back violently!
"Si — —"
Another golden ray of light flashed by. This time, the arrow pierced through Qian Ling's bangs and left a deep wound on her forehead!

Chapter 1619
When Qian Ling was pulled back by Luo Zheng, there was a bloody gash on her forehead and her face was deathly pale.
If it weren't for Luo Zheng pulling her back, she would've been beheaded by now!
The other members of the Demon Night Clan looked at each other in dismay. The person hiding there was undoubtedly Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial. However, Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial was too vigilant, so they couldn't approach him at all …
"What should we do?" Qian Ling treated the wound on her forehead and tied it with a bandage.
She'd already revealed her identity, yet Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial still wanted to attack her. Who could so easily approach her?
"I'll go," replied Luo Zheng.
"But it's too dangerous …"
Qian Ling believed that her cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's, so she should be stronger than Luo Zheng as well. If even she had almost died to the Sunflare Arrow, then Luo Zheng would be in even more danger.
Luo Zheng smiled noncommittally, then walked towards the corner.
The members of the Demon Night Clan stared at Luo Zheng with wide eyes, their eyes filled with worry. They'd followed Luo Zheng here and finally found Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial. But this Luo Zheng couldn't possibly die to an Exalted Celestial's arrow, right?
Only Liu Yu's gaze remained calm. She knew Luo Zheng's personality. He definitely wouldn't act rashly. Since he'd rushed over, he definitely had a certain level of confidence.
Luo Zheng slowly approached the corner. The instant he did, he suddenly sped up, his speed explosively increasing!
The current strength of Luo Zheng's body was no longer the same as it was in the past. What's more, he was wearing a cloak made from the quintessence of his Quintessence. It shouldn't be too much of a problem for him to block the Sunflare Arrow!
Whoosh!
As he dodged, a golden light flashed through his eyes!
The arrow was simply too fast. Even Luo Zheng couldn't react in time. He could only rely on his instincts to protect his head.
After all, his entire body was covered by the cloak. Only his head was exposed. If he were to be shot in the head by the Sunflare Arrow, that would be an injustice!
"Pa!"
Just as Luo Zheng covered his head, a heavy blow suddenly came from his body. It was as if a heavy hammer had directly hit his body. His whole body was abruptly thrown to the side of the cave.
This arrow hit Luo Zheng right in the chest!
However, it was just as the Craftsman Saint had said. Tong Xinyi was forged with the Origin Divinity, so it was impossible to destroy!
The terrifying power contained in this arrow only pushed Luo Zheng several dozen feet away.
With a roll, Luo Zheng regained his footing!
"Eh?"
A doubtful voice came from the darkness.
Luo Zheng got up and was about to say something when he saw two golden lights flashing in the distance again!
"God …"
"Pa pa!"
Two more crisp sounds were heard.
The two Sunflare Arrows shone with dazzling golden light and hit Luo Zheng's Tong Xinyi. The golden arrow shafts were smashed into pieces, but the huge force pushed Luo Zheng back several dozen feet. He crashed heavily into the wall of the cave, causing the entire cave to shake.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to say anything before he was hit by three arrows. He couldn't help but feel angry!
The moment he broke free from the wall, a sword appeared in his hand!
"Da Qian Heavy Sword!"
"Break for me!"
Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword suddenly danced. This heavy sword, which was comparable to a large world, was abnormally light in Luo Zheng's hand.
The Great Thousand Swords drew an arc in the air, and the sword-light collided with the two golden lights with incomparable precision!
"Kacha, kacha!"
With two crisp sounds, Luo Zheng forcibly shattered the two Sunflare Arrows!
"What!"
An extremely surprised voice came from the darkness again.
The Yao Ye clansmen hiding on the other side had expressions of disbelief on their faces!
The Great Realm Lord Qian Ling's exquisite eyes were also wide open …
Luo Zheng waved the Da Qian Heavy Sword in his hand. When he saw the expressions of the Yao Ye clansmen, he felt a little disdainful. Wasn't it just breaking two arrows? What was there to be surprised about?
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the name "Divine Arrow" had a great history …
The Empyrean Lords in the universe all had different weapons, but only Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow used bows and arrows as his main weapon!
Bows and arrows couldn't display the full strength of a martial artist, so even if there were Realm Lords or Empyrean Lords in the universe who were proficient in bows and arrows, they could only use bows and arrows as support.
However, Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's "Mandate of Heaven" was called the "Eye Fixed Divine Ability". This divine ability was an extremely powerful law of karma. When it was used on his arrows, his arrows completely ignored the Laws of Space. As long as it was within the range of Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's eyes, his arrows would definitely hit!
If Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's eyesight could reach infinitely far and he could see to the other side of the universe, then his arrows would definitely be able to cross an infinite distance and hit a target on the other side of the universe! This was the terrifying aspect of the "Eye Fixed Divine Ability".
In the Great Evolution Universe, no one could stop his arrows. Not even the human race's upper Empyrean Lords could!
Before this, Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's first and second arrows had been dodged by Luo Zheng and Qian Ling. Because they had hidden in a corner, they had escaped Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's "line of sight". But now, Luo Zheng was standing completely within Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's line of sight.
With a swing of his sword, he was actually able to break two of Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's Sunfire Arrows. This was somewhat unimaginable.
To a certain extent, Luo Zheng had broken the karmic law of the "Eye Fixed Divine Ability". Or rather, he had broken the karmic law of the universe!
Luo Zheng held the Great Thousand Heavy Sword horizontally in front of his chest and shouted into the darkness, "Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow, I am Luo Zheng. I am … fuck!"
As the golden light flashed in front of him, Luo Zheng flipped over and pulled the Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand. As the longsword swung through the air, it accurately broke the two Sunfire Arrows again!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was somewhat impatient. This Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow was hiding in the darkness and shooting at him with all sorts of sneak attacks …
"Whoosh!"
With the Great Thousand Heavy Sword in hand, Luo Zheng's figure began to rapidly dash into the darkness.
Every time a golden light flashed in the darkness, Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Heavy Sword was able to capture the trajectory of the golden light and easily cut it into several pieces …
Finally, Luo Zheng rushed into the darkness and raised the Great Thousand Heavy Sword in the air, pressing it against the enemy's neck.
"Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow, I didn't mean to offend you. I am …"
"You are Luo Zheng. I already know." The old voice resounded in the darkness. Suddenly, the light became brighter and brighter, revealing a lonely and thin old man.
This old man was sitting on a stone bed with a longbow in his hand. He was like a person playing a zither, but his eyes were abnormally calm.
The old man's appearance was very old, but his eyes were very clear. It was as if he had the eyes of a goshawk!
"Since you know, why do you still …" Luo Zheng asked again.
Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow smiled and placed the longbow to the side. Luo Zheng also put the Great Thousand Heavy Sword back into its scabbard. After all, this sword was so heavy that Luo Zheng had to hold it in his hand for a long time.
"I'm very curious. How did you break my arrow?" Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Ever since Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow inherited the Mandate of Heaven, as long as someone was within his range of sight, no one could dodge his arrow. This was because of the law of karma. Because he was looking at the enemy, his arrow could not be dodged. This was the tyrannical power of the law of karma! As long as the 'cause' condition was met, the 'effect' would occur.
Although this Sunfire Arrow was not Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's strongest archery skill, the law of karma was still the law of karma. It could not be violated. Therefore, Luo Zheng's performance was destined to shock Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow!
Hearing the conversation between Luo Zheng and Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow, the members of the Yao Ye Clan all rushed out from around the corner.
Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's gaze was focused on Luo Zheng. "Can you tell this old man how you did it?"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "This … forgive this junior for not being able to tell you. There are some secrets involved."
In truth, Luo Zheng did not break the law of karma of the 'eye fixation divine ability'. He had used another method to break Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow's Sunfire Arrow. He had relied on the will of the Vast Thousand Realms and the memories of the Vast Thousand Realms.
Luo Zheng was in a state of omniscience. When Empyrean Lord Divine Arrow raised his hand, he already knew when he had shot the arrow and where the arrow's target was.

Chapter 1620
Divine Arrow took a deep look at Luo Zheng.
Back when Luo Zheng brought Xun into the universe, he had been paying close attention to any news regarding Luo Zheng.
Divine Arrow had been hiding deep underground for many years and had never seen the genius born in this great era.
This was the first time he had met Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng had actually used a heavy sword to break his Red Sun Arrow, breaking his Heavenly Fate's "Eye Fixation Divine Ability". What Divine Arrow Celestial Master felt was extreme shock!
The Fixed Gaze Divine Ability's karmic laws were bestowed by the heavens. How could it be broken so easily?
Yet, this youth had actually managed to break it by accident.
Luo Zheng refused to tell him the secret, so there was nothing Divine Arrow could do to Luo Zheng. Divine Arrow's gaze swept past Luo Zheng and swept across the many members of the Yao Night Clan behind him. He said, "I didn't expect the Yao Night Clan to have reached this point. It seems their foundation is already unstable …"
Ever since the battle between Yao and Xun began, the entire Fiend Night Clan had fallen into a state of internal strife. Now, the two remaining kings of the Fiend Night Clan were going against the heavens and forming an alliance with the Sacred Race. That was why Divine Arrow Empyrean said those words.
The Demon Night Clan's Great Realm Lord, Qian Ling, took a step forward and bowed deeply towards Divine Arrow Heavenly Sovereign, "Divine Arrow Heavenly Sovereign, the Demon Night Clan has fallen into a state of fire and water under that woman's control. I hope that Divine Arrow Heavenly Sovereign can help the Sacred Spear Sect!"
Hearing Qian Ling's words, Shui Ying and Feng Ling, who were following behind the group, revealed unnatural expressions.
Nearly half of the Yao Night Clan members present were from the Sacred Spear Sect, but not all of them.
Shui Ying and Feng Ling, for example, had followed Luo Zheng here. On one hand, they did not agree with Yao's current actions. On the other hand, all the prisoners on Cage Island had escaped. In the future, they would not be able to escape responsibility.
However, they were still members of the Holy Chain Sect. Since they were young, they had always believed in the King of Punishment. When they heard a member of the Yao Ye Clan describe their King in such a manner, they couldn't help but feel uncomfortable. However, deep in their hearts, they felt that Qian Ling was speaking the truth.
"I know." Divine Arrow Celestial Master nodded. Although he was hiding underground, the Roaring Command was pervasive. He was no stranger to the situation in the universe. "Where is Xun? Why didn't she come out to see me? "
Divine Arrow Celestial Master was naturally most concerned about Smog. He had been in hiding for many years and hadn't made a sound. When Luo Zheng returned to the universe with Smog, Divine Arrow Celestial Master was the first to respond.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already arrived. Why didn't he see Xun?
The question that Exalted Celestial Divine Arrow asked was actually the question that all of the members of the Yao Ye Clan wanted to ask …
On Cage Island, they had clearly sensed Smoky's aura. Why didn't Smoky appear?
Upon hearing Divine Arrow Celestial Venerable's question, Luo Zheng's face turned gloomy.
When Divine Arrow Celestial Master saw Luo Zheng's expression, he realized that something was wrong and asked in a stern voice, "What happened to Smog?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and a red light shot out from his eyes. Luo Zheng moved Smog's soul back into her body. At the same time, Luo Zheng also summoned his sword spirit. Smog's soul and sword spirit merged into one. This was the form that Smog had always maintained.
However, at this moment, Smog was floating in front of Luo Zheng with her eyes closed. She was like a marionette and didn't react at all.
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
"Plop …"
Behind Luo Zheng, Great Realm Lord Qian Ling, Liu Yu, and the other members of the Yao Ye Clan all knelt on one knee. Even Shui Ying and Feng Ling also knelt on one knee after hesitating for a moment. After all, Smog was the king of their Yao Ye Clan.
"How could this be?" When Divine Arrow Celestial Master saw this, he was quite confused. Smog's soul wasn't completely destroyed, so it wasn't completely silent. This Celestial Master could clearly feel the fluctuations of Smog's soul!
Smog's soul wasn't completely destroyed. It was just that the Soul Sealing Needle was located in the depths of her soul. In order to destroy the Soul Sealing Needle, all of Smog's memories had to be sacrificed. In other words, Smog's soul was now like a piece of white paper. There was no imprint on it, so naturally, there wouldn't be any reaction.
"Her memories have been destroyed along with the Soul Sealing Needle …"
Luo Zheng then told Divine Arrow Celestial Master about the Soul Sealing Needle and Mu Haiji's plan.
After hearing this, Divine Arrow Celestial Master let out a deep sigh. "So that's how it is … I've always thought that no matter how crazy Yao is, she wouldn't lead the Yao Ye Clan to this step! To think that our Yao Ye Clan was hiding such a secret! "
Yao was indeed very ambitious, but her ambition had always been restrained within the Yao Ye Clan.
But now, Yao was going against the entire universe and wanted to lead the Yao Ye Clan into the abyss. This madness was a bit abnormal …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Yao Ye Clan members kneeling behind him came to a sudden realization. Indeed, none of them would've thought that their Yao Ye Clan wasn't born in this universe!
"But now that Smog has fallen into such a situation, what should we do?" Divine Arrow Celestial Master asked as he looked at Smog's sword spirit body.
"I'm not sure either." Luo Zheng shook his head.
The soul was originally very complex and mysterious. No one in this universe had ever thoroughly researched it, let alone the memories within the soul.
How were they supposed to make up for the lost memories? Luo Zheng had no idea at all.
"I'll do my best to help her recover, but that's only if I can find a way." After saying this, Smog's sword spirit body instantly turned into countless red dots that drilled into Luo Zheng's body. At the same time, Smog's soul also returned to Luo Zheng's mind. Luo Zheng continued, "But right now, I think that since Divine Arrow Celestial Master can reappear, the Yao Ye Clan needs another leader."
Divine Arrow Celestial Master used to be the Celestial Master that protected Smog, and he was quite famous in the Yao Ye Clan.
According to the news Luo Zheng received, the Sacred Spear Sect had already fallen apart among the six factions under the Three Kings. The other five factions were also quite dissatisfied with Yao and Ying. Although the elites of these five factions still followed Yao and Ying and fought in the great world of the Devil Race, they were already faintly regretting it.
Unfortunately, the two Demon Kings were the absolute rulers of the Yao Ye Clan, and even the Celestial Masters followed them. Without a leader, it was very difficult for these people to resist the two Demon Kings!
If Divine Arrow Celestial Master appeared under Smog's banner, the situation would be different. This gave the Yao Ye Clan members a second choice!
"Haha …" Divine Arrow Celestial Master suddenly laughed loudly. There was even a hint of sadness in his laughter.
Luo Zheng stared at him and asked, "Divine Arrow Celestial Master, you're not willing?"
"This old man … has waited for this day for countless years!" Divine Arrow Celestial Master suddenly said. His hoarse voice suddenly became excited, and he raised his voice by at least twice as much. "Come with me!"
At this moment, this old Celestial Master seemed to explode with boundless vitality.
He abruptly got up and lifted the stone bed under his body with one hand.
Clang!
The heavy stone bed fell to the ground with a loud sound. Beneath the stone bed was a flight of stairs that led downwards. It turned out that there was a cave beneath the stone bed.
The moment Divine Arrow Celestial Master lifted the stairs to the cave, a thick smell of blood wafted out.
Divine Arrow Celestial Master took the lead and walked down. Luo Zheng followed closely behind him, walking down the stairs …
Although the other Yao Ye Clan members were curious, they didn't dare to follow.
After walking down the stairs, Luo Zheng discovered that the cave wasn't very large. In the center of the cave, there were three crimson bone arrows stabbed into the ground!
When Luo Zheng's gaze fell on these bone arrows, Luo Zheng felt a chill run down his spine. He felt that if these bone arrows hit him, they would definitely cause him great injuries or even kill him!
Seeing Luo Zheng's gaze, Divine Arrow Celestial Master lightly said, "These three bone arrows were made from my ribs. They are called the Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrows."
Staring at these bone arrows, Luo Zheng asked in confusion, "These three bone arrows … I feel as if they are alive?"
He could feel the aura of life from them.
Divine Arrow Celestial Master nodded and smiled. "These three Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrows are connected to my life force. Every time I shoot an arrow, my life force will decline by a third. Once these three arrows are shot, my life will come to an end!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a moved expression.
Arrows forged with the life of an Empyrean?
Just how powerful were these arrows?
Divine Arrow Celestial Master revealed a gratified expression. "Ever since I hid here, I have been forging these three bone arrows. Now, the day has finally come …"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1621
Seeing the determination in Divine Arrow's eyes, Luo Zheng understood that this Empyrean was not hiding here because he was afraid of Yao or the Empyrean behind her.
His destiny was bestowed upon him by Xun. The only reason he was living underground was to help Xun take revenge!
"I, Divine Arrow Empyrean, came from the Yao Night Clan. I have never thought of betraying my clan." Dream God Arrow stared at Luo Zheng and said with determination, "However, if you want to lead my clan astray, I, Dream God Arrow, will be the first to oppose it!"
Divine Arrow gently patted the short bow in his hand, and the three Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrows trembled. After shaking for a while, they rose from the ground and flew toward Divine Arrow Holy Master.
"Pu pu pu!"
The Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrows shot directly into his chest and drilled into his body. However, they did not leave behind any wounds.
Divine Arrow did not even turn his head as he walked up the stairs. His entire body was emitting a sharp aura.
It had only been two hours since Luo Zheng came to find him. However, this Divine Arrow Empyrean who had been silent for countless years had already undergone a fundamental change. He was like an old arrow, a silent arrow. However, this did not mean that he had lost his former sharpness. As long as there was the slightest chance, he would burn away all of his life force!
Empyrean Divine Arrow appeared once more in front of the 3,000 Night Demon Clansmen. Within his wrinkled eye sockets, his pupils seemed as if they would burn. Although his appearance was old, one could still see the handsomeness of Dream God Arrow when he was young.
"You were all saved by Luo Zheng from Cage Island," Divine Arrow Empyrean said indifferently. "As a Heavenly Empyrean of the Yao Night Clan, I am not in charge of punishment. However, the King of Punishment has led my clan astray, which is very unfair. No matter what crimes you have committed in the past, I will forgive you in the future! I will pardon you of your crimes! "
The Yao Night Clan respected order. Even if they had escaped from Cage Island, since Yao had declared them guilty, they were still guilty.
Thus, Divine Arrow Empyrean still needed to follow this procedure. As a Heavenly Empyrean, he had the qualifications to do so.
"Right now, our race is in chaos because of the two kings. If everyone here were to follow me, do you know that the process would be extremely dangerous?" Divine Arrow Celestial asked.
Upon hearing Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's words, Great Realm Lord Qian Ling immediately replied, "For my king, I'll do anything!"
"I am willing to serve my king!" Another sector lord replied.
"I'm willing!"
"I'm willing!"
"…"
The people on Cage Island had suffered all kinds of torture. They had tried countless times to free their lives but failed. Now that they could follow the Celestial Venerate, they would not hesitate to give up their lives for this great cause that could not be completed!
Empyrean Divine Arrow nodded and then muttered in a low voice, "Glory to the King!"
"Glory is my life!" His voice gradually grew louder, echoing in the spacious cave.
"With eternal slaughter, we guard the borders of our race. With merciless slaughter, we defend the prosperity of our race …"
As Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial spoke, the Demon Night Clansmen of the Sacred Spear Sect also began to softly chant.
This was the declaration of the Sacred Spear Sect!
For example, the declaration of the Sacred Chain Sect also began with "Glory to the King. Glory is my life." However, the next sentence was "With just punishment, we maintain the order of our race …"
Now that Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial had come out, he naturally used the title of the King of Slaughter to gather as many Demon Night Clansmen as possible under his banner …
Half a day later …
Under Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial's lead, many Demon Night Clansmen appeared in the Purple Snow Realm.
They traveled about twenty thousand kilometers north of the vast snowy mountains. Then, they appeared in front of the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land.
The entire Purple Snow Realm was covered in purple snow. Only the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land was filled with greenery. The purple snowflakes that floated in the air would quickly melt and disappear.
This was because the Purple Snow Realm was located at the edge of a great world. It was extremely barren and the strongest Sacred Land in the entire great world was only an eighth-grade Sacred Land. The Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land in front of them was the only eighth-grade Sacred Land. It was called the Purple Cloud Sacred Land.
This time, the Demon Night Clan was conscripting their elites. But, these elites were mostly Divine Transformation realm powerhouses and World Lords. The Purple Cloud Sacred Land didn't do anything at all. After all, the Sacred Lord of the Purple Cloud Sacred Land had just stepped into the Divine Transformation realm and didn't have the qualifications to be conscripted.
After the Purple Snow Realm entered winter, there would be small scale beast hordes that would erupt from the north. The Purple Cloud Sacred Land was established here to block these beast hordes. Thus, every winter, the Purple Cloud Sacred Land would be fully armed. All enchantments would be opened and all Demon Night Clan warriors would be on standby.
At the edge of the Sacred Land, dozens of Demon Night Clan martial artists held spears in their hands as they stood guard in front of a wooden house.
"Look! What is that!? "A Demon Night Clan warrior shouted out loud. He raised his spear and pointed it towards the horizon!
A large group of black dots appeared at the peak of the snowy mountain. Because they were too far away and it was difficult to see, the Demon Night Clan warriors mistook them for a flock of birds!
Birds that could fly through the snowy mountain were extremely fierce vicious beasts!
"Be on guard!"
"Wu wu …"
A Demon Night Clan member blew his horn.
The trees in the Holy Land began to shake, and the sound of agility interspersed among them. From time to time, the sound of bowstrings being pulled taut could be heard …
Sou sou sou …
From the depths of the Purple Cloud Sacred Land, several beams of light shot out.
The leader was a Demon Night Clan woman wearing a red battle robe and holding a blood red spear. She was the Purple Cloud Sacred Land's Sacred Lord, Flowsand.
She leapt onto the tallest tree and looked into the distance. Her eyes flashed with a red light; it was clear that she was using some sort of supernatural power.
As she looked around, Sacred Lord Flowsand revealed a puzzled expression.
"Sacred Lord, are those Blood Corpse Rocs?" A Sacred Land Elder below asked.
Blood Corpse Rocs were extremely fierce and violent birds. They were infamous in the Purple Snow Realm. They would often appear in flocks. In the past, a hundred or so Blood Corpse Rocs would cause quite a bit of damage to the Purple Snow Sacred Land. If there really were a few thousand of them, their rank 8 Sacred Land would be in trouble!
Sacred Lord Flowsand shook her head. Her expression became more and more puzzled, "No, no … it's a group of Demon Night Clan members!"
"What?" Hearing the Holy Lord's words, the elders of the Holy Land below revealed strange expressions.
At this time, it was impossible for Demon Night Clan members to come. The Elders all suspected that the Sacred Lord was mistaken.
However, Flowsand's tone became more and more resolute. She looked again and could even tell their cultivation level, "They are … very strong. There seems to be a Sector Lord among them!"
"Sector Lord?" The Elders below opened their eyes wide.
There were indeed many Sector Lords in the universe. Added together, there were hundreds of thousands of them. However, they shouldn't exist in the Purple Snow Realm.
The prerequisite for a Sector Lord was to have a rank 10 Sacred Land. For example, in their rank 8 Sacred Land, even if there were some peerless geniuses, they would be selected before they reached adulthood and leave the Sacred Land …
Thus, many people in the Purple Snow Sacred Land had never seen a Sector Lord in their entire lives.
"There seems to be more than one." Flowsand's expression became more and more puzzled. At the same time, she revealed a look of vigilance.
Although they were all from the Demon Night Clan, who knew what these people were doing? It was possible that they were enemies and not friends.
"How many are there?" The Elder asked again.
"Eight, no, nine … wait!" Flowsand's eyes flashed red. Her voice unconsciously became louder and her expression became more and more surprised, "So many Sector Lords? There seem to be two Great Sector Lords among them! "
Below Flowsand, the Purple Cloud Sacred Land Elders were all dumbfounded.
As for the Demon Night Clan members present, they stared blankly at the black dot in the sky. It seemed that this group of people was extremely fast. It wouldn't be long before they entered the Purple Cloud Sacred Land.
"What, what do we do?" An Elder said anxiously.
Flowsand retracted her gaze and closed her eyes for a while. When she opened them again, the red light in her eyes had disappeared. Her expression was calm as she jumped down from the tree.
"What can we do? No matter who they are, if they want to enter our Purple Cloud Sacred Land, we will welcome them! "Flowsand said indifferently.
Facing a group with a Great Sector Lord, the Purple Cloud Sacred Land had no choice but to welcome them.

Chapter 1622
In this group of 3000, there were close to 1000 sector lords.
The remaining fighters were mostly at the Divine Transformation realm. The one with the lowest cultivation was Liu Yu beside Luo Zheng. Other than that, there was also Qian Ling and another great sector lord …
Of course, the one with the highest cultivation was naturally the leader, Divine Arrow Heavenly Sovereign!
As they got closer, the elders of the Purple Cloud Sacred Land could clearly see them. Their eyes were filled with more and more shock.
Even in the scale of the entire Yao Night clan, 1000 sector lords was definitely not a small faction!
Every sector lord had the qualifications to become the sacred leader of a rank 10 sacred land. Their Purple Cloud Sacred Land was not even worth mentioning in front of these people. The people of the Purple Cloud Sacred Land felt more and more uneasy.
Sou sou sou …
Not long after, the 3000 people slowly descended on the Purple Cloud Sacred Land.
Purple Cloud Sacred Leader Flowsand took a few steps forward and bowed towards the crowd, "I am Purple Cloud Sacred Land's Sacred Leader Flowsand. My fellow clansmen have come to visit, please excuse me for not going out to welcome you!"
The elders behind Flowsand all bowed as well. As for the clansmen behind them, they began to whisper amongst themselves …
"These people's auras are so strong!"
"Nonsense, they are all sector lords!"
"What's the cultivation of that old man in the lead? He seems to be their leader? Is he also a great sector lord? "
The Yao Night clan warriors lowered their voices. But how sensitive were the eyes and ears of the people present? They could even hear the chirping of insects tens of miles away. When Flowsand heard these voices, her face revealed an awkward expression. She turned around and shouted, "Silence!"
Under the sacred leader's scolding, it instantly became quiet. Only palm-sized purple snow could be heard falling to the ground, creating a rustling sound.
Flowsand once again turned around and looked at Divine Arrow Heavenly Sovereign with a puzzled look on her face …
The Yao Night clansmen were extremely familiar with the three kings. Whether it was Xun, Yao, or Ying, the moment they appeared in front of them, they would be recognized by the clansmen. This was because the three kings that they had worshipped since they were young were extremely familiar with their appearances and auras.
But Heavenly Sovereigns were different. Many Heavenly Sovereigns had only heard of their names. Most of the Yao Night clansmen would never have the chance to meet them in their entire lives.
Moreover, the difference between an Empyrean and a Great Realm Lord wasn't in terms of cultivation, but in terms of destiny …
Moreover, Divine Arrow Empyrean had been hiding for so many years. It was normal for Flowsand not to recognize him. Therefore, Flowsand thought that Divine Arrow Empyrean was the third Great Realm Master.
Aside from Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial, the other members of the Demon Night Clan were still looking at Luo Zheng. Why was there a human among them? Wasn't the Fiend Night Clan going to attack the human race? Could this person be a captive? From the looks of it, it didn't seem like it.
Divine Arrow Holy Master didn't waste any time. He looked at the people in front of him and said, "I want to borrow your king statue."
Flowsand and the elders' expressions changed slightly when they heard this. The King Statues were the core of the Nightfiend clan, and all the King Statues were connected to each other. Unless there was something urgent, the Nightfiend clan wouldn't use the King Statues. Moreover, these people were so strong, but they didn't know what their goal was.
Flowsand couldn't refuse, so she could only ask about the other party's background. "May I ask which member of our clan you are? Which of the six great sects do you belong to? "
Based on Flowsand's experience, only the six great sects were capable of gathering so many experts. However, the six great sects had accompanied the two Kings into battle and entered the Demon World. How could they have appeared here?
Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial calmly replied, "The Holy Spear Sect."
"Holy Spear Sect?" Flowsand was stunned. Although she wasn't strong, as a Holy Master, she could still obtain some information. Wasn't the Holy Spear Sect already destroyed …?
Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial then added, "The Dream God Arrow."
Holy Spear Sect, Dream God Arrow …
"Ah …" Flowsand's expression froze.
Many of the elders present also looked as if they had seen a ghost. However, there were still a few who were confused. The Dream God Arrow had been hidden for a long time, so the elders had naturally forgotten that there was an Empyrean in the Demon Night Clan. It wasn't until someone poked them in the waist and whispered, "It's Lord Empyrean." Only then did the elders wake up from their daze.
"Lord Empyrean!"
Flowsand suddenly knelt down on one knee and bowed towards the Dream God Arrow.
The elders behind her naturally followed suit and knelt down as well …
In the Demon Night Clan, no matter their position, even in front of a Holy Master, they only needed to bow. Only the three Kings and the Empyrean could make them bow so deeply!
The Dream God Arrow nodded. "Rise. Lead us to the King Statue!"
Flowsand suddenly stood up and cupped her hands towards the Dream God Arrow. "Lord Empyrean, please follow me!"
As soon as she finished speaking, Flowsand led the way while Luo Zheng, Liu Yu, Qian Ling, and the others followed closely behind her. The 3,000 members of the Daynight Clan followed behind them in a formidable array ….
Along the way, Flowsand's heart was filled with apprehension.
The Dream God Arrow had been hidden for so many years. Although the clan knew that it was because of the conflict between the two Kings, under Yao's rule, the Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial was described as a traitor. Now that the Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial had suddenly appeared, she didn't know what he was up to!
If a small Purple Cloud Sacred Land like them were to get involved in the conflict between the top figures, their end would be quite ugly.
However, this thought only lingered in her mind for a moment before disappearing without a trace. No matter what the outcome was, it wasn't something that a mere rank 8 Sacred Land like her could control …
Very quickly, Flowsand led the Dream God Arrow and the others to the Purple Cloud Sacred Land's Saint Tree.
This Saint Tree was very similar to the one Luo Zheng had seen on the Sea God Continent. However, it was much more majestic!
In a spacious hall, three gigantic King Statues stood silently. These three King Statues were golden and translucent, as if they were carved from some kind of precious amber. The Demon Night Clan had tens of thousands of King Statues. They were all made from different materials, but they were all made from the best materials they could find.
After Flowsand led the Dream God Arrow and the others to this place, she stood to the side and didn't leave.
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the Smoked Statue. At this moment, the statue didn't seem to have any abnormalities. This time, the Soul Sealing Needle hadn't damaged the Soul Sealing Needle too much. However, the Soul Sealing Needle had completely destroyed the Soul Sealing Needle. That was the biggest problem.
After all, if the Soul Sealing Needle was damaged, Luo Zheng could find a way to repair it. With the help of the Demi-Immortal Clan, it wouldn't be too difficult.
However, the Soul Sealing Needle's memories were simply too mysterious. He couldn't think of any way to repair them ….
Divine Arrow looked at the statue for a moment, then turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Get ready. The next step will cause a huge commotion in the Demon Night Clan."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "I'm ready."
Whether it was the operation against the Demon Night Clan or the final battle against the Sacred Race, there would always be a step forward.
What he needed to do was face it head-on. At this moment, he wasn't nervous at all.
"Cause a huge commotion? What is Divine Arrow planning …. "When Flowsand heard this, her heart trembled.
Divine Arrow reached out towards the Smoked King Statue and placed his hand on the statue's forehead!
Bzzz!
Suddenly, the King Statue began to emit a demonic red light, as if it had come to life.
At the same time ….
In all of the Demon Night Clan's Holy Lands, from the Upper Realm to the Lower Realm, the statues of the King of Slaughter began to tremble.
The most crude of these statues were carved from stone, while others were forged from gold. There were also statues made from crystal, wood, bronze …. There were all sorts of materials, and at this moment, all of them began to emit a demonic red light.
In addition to the statues in the Holy Lands, the two groups led by Ying and Jade also had people carrying the King Statues on their backs. After all, praying to the King Statues every day was compulsory for the entire Demon Night Clan. The King Statues also began to change!
"It's up to you," said Divine Arrow.
Luo Zheng nodded, then took two steps forward to face the King Statue.
He once again pulled Smoked's soul out of his mind. Smoked's curled up body quickly fused with the King Statue, causing the King Statue to emit a light even brighter!
After doing this, Luo Zheng took two more steps back. Now, it was Divine Arrow's turn.
At this moment, Divine Arrow was going to represent Smoked and issue a King Edict to the entire Demon Night Clan. Only the three Kings were qualified to issue such an edict.

Chapter 1623
Blood Demon world, Blood Plains …
The Blood Plains was known to be cursed by the gods, if one dug up the soil, there would be red blood flowing out, the entire plains would be barren all year round.
However, ever since the Yao Night clan took over this place, thick purple trees began to grow on the Blood Plains!
These purple trees had leaves that were as sharp as blades, wrapping around the entire tree, forming a natural fortress.
These trees were called Jade Feather Trees, a plant unique to the Yao Night clan. From a palm sized seed, it would only take a few days to grow into a 400 to 500m tall tree!
The sharpness of the leaves on the Emerald Feather Tree's crown was comparable to that of a sacred weapon.
This tree was impervious to water and fire. No matter if the seeds were buried in solid rocks or bitter seawater, it could still spread its well-developed roots and grow healthily.
So the Jade Feather Trees were the palaces of the Yao Night clan!
While they were in a stalemate with the demons, the Yao Night clan set up camp on the Blood Plains. In less than half a month, the Blood Plains were filled with Jade Feather Trees …
"Sou!"
In the sky above the Blood Demon world, dozens of silver light dots suddenly appeared.
These circular spots of light were like suns, illuminating the dark Blood Demon World as if it was daytime. They streaked across the sky, past the mountains and rivers, and headed straight for the Blood Plains. Their target was the Emerald Feather Trees on the Blood Plains!
The first dot of light exploded on the plains, forming a powerful ball of annihilation that enveloped over ten Emerald Feather Trees.
"Dong!"
Following a slight explosion, the dozen or so Emerald Feather Trees completely disappeared!
Every Jade Feather Tree had over a thousand Yao Ye clansmen guarding it. When this sphere of light smashed down, the Yao Ye clan lost over 10,000 people, including many sector lords!
On the tallest Jade Feather Tree on the Blood Plains, a blue clothed woman suddenly waved a flail in her hand!
The Law of Thunder rushed out, condensed into thistle-like bolts of lightning, and shot towards the round light spot in the sky that had yet to fall.
"Pa pa pa …"
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
Every time a lightning tendril came into contact with a circular light spot, the light spot would explode in an instant!
As all of the circular motes of light exploded in the air, the light became 10 times brighter than before, and intense heat spread out. The Halcyon Feather Trees closest to the circular motes of light were instantly set ablaze by the heat, turning into crackling fire trees. Many of the Yao Ye clan members escaped from the Halcyon Feather Trees, accompanied by cries of agony.
…
Whoosh whoosh whoosh!
Three streaks of light flew towards the largest emerald feather tree. They were the three sector lords of the Yao Night clan. The moment they reached the top of the tree, they knelt down in front of the blue robed lady.
"My king! Setting up camp on the Blood Plains was part of the Devil Race's plan. In just a few days, more than half of our people have been killed or injured. Can we retreat first? "
"Your Majesty, the Demon Race may seem reckless, but they are actually very cunning. They are trying to exhaust our Demon Night Clan here!"
"Your Majesty …"
The three sector lords of the Yao Ye clan were the three main generals of the Yao Ye clan's expedition army!
After entering the Blood Devil Realm, the Yao Ye clan had suffered heavy casualties. They saw it with their own eyes and felt pain in their hearts!
On the surface, the Yao Ye clan was stronger than the Demon Race, whether it was in terms of intelligence or strength. However, when the battle truly began, the Yao Ye clan realized that the Demon Race's tenacity was far beyond their imagination.
The Demon Race that looked stupid and ugly suddenly seemed to be enlightened and began to be resourceful. This was something that the Yao Ye clan didn't expect.
The Demon Race had set up a powerful barrier in the Blood Devil Realm and left the Blood Plains to the Yao Ye clan. They were using the Yao Ye clan as living targets.
Under the Demon Race's bombardment, the Empyrean Exalts might not be afraid, but the Yao Ye clan's lower level cultivators would suffer heavy losses …
Yao Yao was standing at the end of the branch. Her long dress was hanging down from the trunk for a distance of several feet. Both of her feet were only standing on a branch as thick as a little finger. It was as if she was weightless.
Despite the persuasion of the three generals, her face remained unmoved. "I understand. You may leave!"
"Your Majesty!"
"Your Majesty!"
Despair flashed across the faces of the three generals.
As members of the Yao Ye clan, they were absolutely loyal to the ruler of their clan.
Even if Yao Ye had suddenly turned against them and led the Yao Ye clan to become enemies with the Sacred Race, they wouldn't hesitate in the slightest …
However, Yao Ye didn't have the slightest bit of pity or love for her own people. She had slaughtered her way through the Demon Race's great world, practically using the lives of countless Yao Ye clan members to pave this path!
Yao Ye's current actions caused the hearts of her clansmen to turn cold!
"Leave!" Seeing the three generals still kneeling in front of her, Yao Ye's face flashed with a hint of ruthlessness.
However, the three generals still didn't move. Their faces were filled with despair as they stared fixedly at Yao Ye.
"What … do you want to do?" A cold smile suddenly appeared on Yao's face. An invisible pressure spread out, and in the surrounding space, there were faint crackling sounds of lightning.
Everyone knew what the Punishment King's methods were, but the three generals had already thrown caution to the wind.
Seeing their clansmen fall one by one and suffer such an unexpected calamity was worse than death. In order to persuade their king, they were willing to bear Yao Ye's punishment!
"Your Majesty! We beg you to temporarily retreat from the Demon Race's vanguard! "The leading general continued.
"Pa!"
Streaks of lightning suddenly appeared on the general's body and crazily flowed through her body. Under the lightning's devouring, the general suddenly rolled and then hung motionlessly on the side of a tree. Her entire body trembled, and a burnt smell came from her body.
Yao Ye's expression was cold as she looked at the other two. The two Great Realm Lords' expressions were still resolute, and they didn't waver in the slightest even after seeing their comrade's miserable state …
"Ai …" Seeing this, Yao Ye deeply sighed. "In two more days, Ying's team should be able to reach the Blood Devil Realm. Then, we'll be able to break through this barrier. I believe that the road ahead will be unobstructed!"
"The road ahead? Next, we'll have to face the Demi-Immortal Tribe? Or even Gods Have No Thoughts? "The general questioned.
In fact, the strongest team of the Fiend Night Clan should be the King of Slaughter, who was Smoky and the Sacred Spear Sect that she led. They were the strongest swords of the Fiend Night Clan. However, after Smoky fell from the throne, the Sacred Spear Sect either died or was imprisoned.
Given the Demonnight Clan's current strength, it would be very difficult for them to deal with any one of the major human factions. Not to mention, the three major human factions and the Demi-Immortals had long since joined forces. The Demonnight Clan was like a moth flying into a flame!
"The Demi-Immortal Tribe won't just watch from the sidelines. The final victory will belong to us," Yao Ye replied.
"Does this victory mean anything to us?" The general gritted his teeth.
Yao Ye paused …
Meaning …
To the Demon Night clan, it was indeed meaningless.
But to the Demi-Immortal Tribe, to the person who had planted the Soul-Sealing Needle in her and created the Demon Night clan, it was meaningful!
This was Yao Ye's current mission.
As such, she didn't feel the slightest bit of pity for the deaths of two or three of her clansmen.
"You don't need meaning," Yao Ye replied coldly.
"Our Queen only needs us to die?" The general asked.
"Yes," Yao Ye replied coldly.
"Your Majesty, you've gone mad!" The general suddenly rebuked.
No one from the Demon Night clan had ever dared to speak to their Queen like this. Even if some of their fellow clansmen had committed heinous crimes and betrayed the Demon Night clan, they still wouldn't be dissatisfied with their Queen …
But now, the general was reprimanding the King of Punishment. This was something that had never happened before in the Demon Night clan.
"How dare you!"
"Pa!"
A bolt of lightning flashed in Yao Ye's eyes. The general was struck by lightning and fell to the ground …
There was only one general left in front of Yao Ye.
"You want to reprimand this Queen as well?" Yao Ye stared at the general and asked.
Just as the general was about to speak …
But at that moment, an intense killing intent erupted from the Emerald Feather Trees.
As the palace of the Daydream Clan, every single Emerald Feather Tree had a king statue enshrined within it. At this moment, the king statue that belonged to the King of Slaughter was emanating intense red light, and then an ancient yet familiar voice sounded out.
"I am the Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial. On behalf of the King of Massacre, I am here to issue a decree!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1624
If he wanted to spread his voice across the entire Yao Night Clan, he could do so with his command.
However, issuing a King's Edict was a ritual of the Yao Night Clan, and it had to be done through the King Statue.
At this moment, regardless of whether it was the upper or lower dimensions, the Hallowed Grounds, all the clansmen of the Yao Night Clan had been alarmed ….
"It's the Dream God Arrow! The Dream God Arrow has returned? "
"Why is he issuing a King's Edict on behalf of the King of Massacre?"
"What is he trying to do?"
"......"
Some of the elders in the Yao Night Clan were paying close attention to this matter. When they heard the words' King's Edict ', they realized that a great change was about to occur in the Yao Night Clan!
"On behalf of the King of Massacre, I declare the King of Life, Ying, and the King of Punishment, Yao, traitors! They have been controlled by outsiders, and they have led our clan to betray the Great Yan Realm and lead our clan to destruction! "
Divine Arrow's voice echoed throughout the Yao Night Clan's Sacred Grounds.
All of the Yao Night Clan members were visibly moved!
They hadn't expected Divine Arrow's King's Edict to be so strict.
"The people of the Demon Night Clan should understand the current situation in the universe. They should follow the King of Slaughter and withdraw from this war. They should regroup and recuperate to become stronger once again …" Divine Arrow continued.
The three Kings were actually equal in status. Thus, the King of Massacre didn't have the right to declare the crimes of the other two Kings. This sort of King's Edict was invalid.
However, Divine Arrow knew that the Yao Night Clan members had reached the limit of their patience with Ying and Yao.
Perhaps the people of the Yao Night Clan were extremely loyal and filled with faith in their King, but their faith wasn't unlimited.
Previously, Xun hadn't made an appearance, and Ying and Yao had started a war. They'd already lost their trust in their clan. However, the people of the Yao Night Clan were born to follow their King. When Yao and Ying acted in concert, they had no other choice.
However, the King of Massacre's appearance had given them a second choice. A second path.
If they didn't betray their clan, it was very easy for them to make this choice. That was to follow the King of Massacre …
Sacred Master Flowsand of the Purple Cloud Sacred Ground was dumbfounded when he heard Heavenly Venerate Divine Arrow's words.
Flowsand understood that since Empyrean Divine Arrow had led everyone here, he would surely cause a great commotion. It was likely that he would be drawn into the dispute between the Kings. But, she never imagined that Empyrean Divine Arrow would directly declare the other two Kings as traitors!
The severity of the situation had far exceeded her imagination!
After Divine Arrow Celestial Master finished speaking, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I believe that woman will fight back soon."
Empyrean Divine Arrow's complexion was light. "What I fear is that she won't fight back. Our people are intelligent and they are the most loyal warriors, but they are not fools. They know what choice they should make."
What Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate was doing right now was like peeling a fruit. He was stripping Ying and Yao from the Demon Night Clan and then thinking of a way to kill them.
What he did was only the first step …
"Clang!"
The statue of the king was smashed into smithereens, the severed head rolled in front of Yao Yao. With a stomp, the head was smashed into pieces!
At this moment, Yao's face was ashen, and that beautiful face of hers was completely distorted!
Just as Luo Zheng had said, Yao Yao immediately launched a counterattack …
Within the Demon Night Clan's Holy Lands, the statue of the King of Punishment emitted rays of blue light. At the same time, lightning flashed, and Yao Yao's voice spread out. "Hmph, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate, you are nothing but a little mouse hiding in the ground. Now, you finally dare to walk out from that dark corner. What right do you have to represent Xun and issue a King's Edict? Besides, even if it's Xun, what right does he have to declare me a traitor?! "
Hearing this, all of the Demon Night Clan members in the Holy Lands fell silent …
Yao Yao had mobilized all of the elites and geniuses of the various Great Worlds. In this meaningless war, bad news would come every day. The ones who died in the war were their sisters, brothers, and children …
This sorrow was constantly spreading and accumulating.
When Mu Haiji had created the Demon Night Clan, he had made ample considerations!
He had given his most loyal faith to this clan! When the time was right, he would activate the Soul Sealing Needle. With the three Kings having the same goal, this enormous clan had no room for doubt. They could only blindly believe in their King.
Unfortunately, Mu Haiji had miscalculated something. One of the Kings had forcibly destroyed the Soul Sealing Needle, allowing him to slip through the net. Because of this, a huge hole had been created, and this hole was fatal!
Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's voice once again spread out through the King's statue, spreading to all of the Demon Night Clan's Holy Lands. He had completely predicted Yao Yao's counterattack. It could be said that he had been waiting for Yao Yao to say this.
"I, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate, am indeed not qualified. Even Xun is not qualified. The ones who are qualified are the countless people of the Demon Night Clan! I believe that you will make the right choice! "
After saying this, Yao Yao's expression sank once more. As for Qing Yu, who was leading the troops to the Blood Devil Realm, the expression on her face was extremely ugly.
Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's words were like grasping a snake's weak spot. They had directly hit their vitals!
They didn't even have a chance to refute!
At this moment, all of the Demon Night Clan members suddenly realized that a new path had appeared in front of them. Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's words were equivalent to giving the choice back to each of their clansmen.
It wasn't just the ordinary Demon Night Clan members who were shaken. Even Yao Yao and Ying's loyal followers were shaken.
"We are willing to follow the King of Slaughter …"
"Those two sluts want to bring our Demon Night Clan to a dead end!"
"They have never cared about our lives!"
"......"
Yao Yao's body stiffened. Lightning continued to flicker in her eyes, and her gaze was filled with intense killing intent. She couldn't even refute Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's words …
The general was still kneeling on the tree trunk. When she heard Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's words, a smile appeared on her face that was filled with despair. From her angle, she could see Yao Yao's stiff back. However, this Great Realm Lord felt very gratified. In her heart, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate and Xun Ran had already become the saviors of the Demon Night Clan!
* Buzz buzz buzz … *
A purple light appeared behind Yao Yao. As the light flashed, it condensed into a human figure. This person was the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu.
The status of Heavenly Venerates in the Demon Night Clan was quite special. They received orders from the King, but they weren't absolutely loyal to the King.
As such, the Demon Night Clan's Kings would nurture their own people to carry the Mandate of Heaven. For example, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate was only able to become a Heavenly Venerate with Xun Ran's support. As for Broken Shadow Heavenly Venerate, he was nurtured by Yao Yao. However, Broken Shadow Heavenly Venerate was trapped by Luo Zheng's desperate battle and ultimately died.
"Yao Yao, give up," Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu said calmly.
Yao Yao suddenly turned around and stared at Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu. She was filled with rage. "You also want to betray the Demon Night Clan?"
Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu's eyes flickered as he replied, "I didn't betray the Demon Night Clan."
"Then why are you telling me to give up?" Yao Yao asked.
"It's very simple. Because I won't help you anymore," Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu replied.
In truth, the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Venerates were also strongly opposed to attacking the Demon Night Clan. However, the two Kings had already made up their minds. Even the Heavenly Venerates had no choice. However, this didn't mean that the Heavenly Venerates were completely willing.
"You want to help that bitch?" Yao Yao asked again.
Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu calmly said, "It's just as the Dream God Arrow said. This is my right!"
She hadn't betrayed the Demon Night Clan. She had merely chosen to support the other King …
Yao Yao stared at Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu. Lightning crazily swirled in her eyes. The Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand suddenly trembled. A thick bolt of lightning shot towards Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu like a python!
"Boom!"
Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu nodded slightly. A silver mirror appeared in front of her.
When the thick bolt of lightning struck the mirror, it was reflected back into the depths of space and disappeared without a trace …
This mirror was Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu's "Absolute Reflection". Under the protection of this law of karma, Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu could reflect almost any attack back!
"I won't attack you." Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu looked at Yao Yao. Killing intent faintly appeared in his calm eyes. "However, next time, it's hard to say."
After saying this, Heavenly Venerate Cang Yu's figure slowly disappeared, leaving Yao Yao standing there in a daze.
On the Blood Plains, the Demon Night Clan's expeditionary army had already begun to lose control. The Demon Night Clan's soldiers surged out of the Emerald Feather Tree. This army that had never feared death began to collapse.

Chapter 1625
Empyrean Divine Arrow and Luo Zheng hadn't expected that the King's Edict would have such an effect.
In these past years, Xun had disappeared for a long time. As for Ying, she had reincarnated as' Whisper 'and was obsessed with studying the Laws.
In truth, after Yao had taken control of the entire Fiend Night Clan, she had gone against the flow and attacked those who disagreed with her. The Council of Elders had long since lost patience with her. But, as the King of Punishment, Yao had special methods of suppressing her own people. Thus, the Fiend Night Clan's anger and dissatisfaction were forcefully suppressed!
But, the anger and dissatisfaction didn't disappear. Rather, it accumulated bit by bit, like a silent volcano, causing the internal pressure to grow greater and greater.
After the saints invaded and Yao boldly announced that she would join forces with them, the entire Fiend Night Clan had reached the end of their patience.
In their bones, they viewed themselves as a part of the universe. If it was in the past, they would have chosen to wage war against other races for the sake of competing realms and resources. After all, this was a conflict for the benefit of their own race. But now, with the invasion of other races, the entire universe had joined together. Only the Fiend Night Clan had chosen to rebel …
This was no longer going against the flow. They believed that their King had gone insane.
Even so, the Fiend Night Clan members still endured. After all, without a leader, the Empyreans chose to remain silent. The Council of Elders also chose to remain silent …
But, the disappointment in their hearts was rapidly increasing, almost reaching a critical point!
That was why the three commanders of the Night Demon Clan had requested for Yao Yao to retreat for the time being.
But at this time, Empyrean Divine Arrow's King's Edict was like a spark that had been thrown into a pot of boiling oil. The emotions that the Fiend Night Clan members had been suppressing for so long finally erupted!
"Let's go, we've already made a new choice!"
"We don't need to work for such a cruel and cruel King!"
"I can follow the King of Slaughter …"
The World Lords and third transformation martial artists all began to flee …
During this process, some people tried to stop them.
Yao had been in the Fiend Night Clan for so many years and had cultivated many trusted subordinates!
The military commanders of this expeditionary army were almost all Yao's subordinates and her loyal followers!
"Pa!"
A whip shadow exploded like a firecracker!
A Fiend Night Clan military commander waved his whip and reprimanded the fleeing Fiend Night Clan soldiers, "Those who flee before battle are punished by death!"
The punishment of the Fiend Night Clan was extremely severe. If the warriors led by the Warlords escaped, they would have to bear a great responsibility!
However, there were simply too many of the fleeing Yao Night Clan cultivators. With a single lash of the Warlord's whip, over a hundred Yao Night Clan cultivators fled. As the saying went, the law could not be enforced when numerous people were present. How were they supposed to stop them?
When the Demon Night Clan Military Governor saw that his warning was ineffective, he raised the whip in his hand and lashed out at a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist!
"Pa!"
The Overseer also had a World Lord realm cultivation and the might of his whip was extraordinary. Caught off guard, the Divine Transformation realm martial artist was struck by this whip and nearly half of his body exploded, falling to the ground of the Blood Plains …
Kill one to warn a hundred!
This was the only way to deal with this situation.
Unfortunately, killing one to warn the others required absolute strength. If this military governor was a Celestial Venerable, then killing him would have been no big deal. It was quite possible that he could even intimidate the fleeing Yao Night Clan warriors.
However, she was only a World Lord and there were many World Lords amongst the fleeing Yao Night Clan cultivators. There were even a few Great World Lords amongst them!
When the fleeing Yao Night Clan cultivators saw their comrade die, their expressions changed drastically. Dozens of hateful gazes focused on the Military Governor!
"She's Yao's dog!"
"She's the main culprit! Let's kill her! "
"Tear her apart …"
Perhaps these warriors did not have the courage to face Yao, but they did not fear a Military Governor!
The expression of the whip-wielding Overseer changed drastically. These fellows, who only knew how to escape, had turned into man-eating demons in the blink of an eye. She could feel their anger!
After retreating a few steps in the air, the Military Governor turned around and tried to fly away.
Unfortunately, it was too late. The enraged Yao Night Clan cultivators swarmed forward and tore the Military Governor to pieces!
When the other Military Governors saw this, their faces turned green with fright. How could they dare to stop them?
Thus, more and more Yao Night Clan cultivators began to flee …
This chaos continued for a long time …
At the end of the Blood Plains was where the Demon Race cultivators were stationed.
In the face of the Demon Night Clan's invasion, the Devil Race was under even greater pressure. Although they had killed as many of the Demon Night Clan's clansmen as possible, the two Demon Night Kings and the Celestial Exalts were definitely stronger than the Devil Race.
If they allowed the Yao Night Clan to break through the Blood Devil Realm, the Demon Race would have no way to retreat. They would probably have to abandon the Demon Race's territory and join the Demi-Immortal Race.
Thus, the Demon Race had set up a large number of troops in the Blood Devil Realm to stop the Yao Night Clan on the Blood Plains!
However, Yao Yao's army was already strong enough. If the Yao Night Clan had another army to reinforce them, the Blood Devil Realm would not be able to hold on for long …
At this moment, the higher ups of the Demon Race were gathered together to discuss how to deal with the situation.
"Before the Yao Night Clan's King of Life arrives, we have to deal a heavy blow to this army. Only then will we have a chance of stopping the Yao Night Clan." A Demon Race Great World Lord with golden hair suggested.
Empyrean Demondawn didn't speak. To the Demon Race, this was an extremely dangerous matter. As Empyreans, they could not afford to die here, because Empyreans were the decisive forces of both races!
But if they didn't take this risk, the Demon Race would fall into a situation where they would definitely be defeated!
Finally, Empyrean Demondawn made a difficult decision. But just as he was about to give the order to attack, he suddenly received news from a Demon Race spy.
"Reporting! The Yao Night Clan has collapsed without a fight. The Yao Night Clan cultivators are currently frantically fleeing! "
Hearing this news, the higher ups of the Demon Race were all stunned. At the same time, they revealed incomparably puzzled expressions …
How was this possible!?
In this battle with the Yao Night Clan, the Demon Race finally realized just how terrifying the Yao Night Clan was.
The members of the Yao Night Clan weren't good with words, but they were all silent and cold-blooded killers. They didn't fear death nor did they fear pain. They were willing to burn their last drop of blood for their race!
The Demon Race had always been known for their bravery and ferocity. But after this all-out war with the Yao Night Clan, compared to the Yao Night Clan cultivators, the Demon Race was as weak as a kitten.
In truth, it wasn't that the Demon Race was weak, but that the Yao Night Clan cultivators didn't care about their lives at all.
How could such a race collapse and flee?
Empyrean Demondawn's face was filled with disbelief. His massive figure shot into the skies, tearing apart the tent. His eyes were the size of bells as he looked into the distance, his expression incomparably wonderful …
He could clearly see countless Yao Night Clan cultivators fleeing towards the other side of the Blood Plains.
Several other Great World Lords also flew up and looked into the distance. At such a distance, if they wanted to see the end of the plains, they would need to use some supernatural abilities …
These Great World Lords also had wonderful expressions.
"Are these Yao Night Clan cultivators possessed?"
"I don't believe they would actually run away …"
"Could something have happened on the Blood Plains?"
These Great World Lords began to speculate.
"This is a good chance. We should take advantage of this victory and chase down those fleeing Yao Night Clan cultivators!" A Great World Lord's eyes flashed with a bright light.
Empyrean Demondawn shook his head. "No, this might be a scheme of the Yao Night Clan!"
"Lord Empyrean is right! The Yao Night Clan is full of schemes. If they lure the enemy in then we will be in even greater trouble. "Another demon Great World Lord nodded in agreement.
Taking advantage of the Yao Night Clan's retreat to chase them down was an opportunity for the Demon Race. But, the risks involved were far too great. They planned to continue watching …
Not long after, most of the Yao Night Clan's expeditionary forces on the Blood Plains had fled.
In the end, only several hundred martial artists remained …
These people were the core followers of the Holy Chain Sect and they maintained absolute loyalty to Yao. But, at this time, none of them dared to approach her palace.
Yao was still standing alone on the Emerald Feather Tree. Her azure blue eyes were staring into the distance. Her face was filled with desolation. Her long dress was fluttering in the gentle breeze. At this moment, she felt an unprecedented chill.
But a moment later, she leapt down from the emerald feather tree and landed on the ground like a bolt of lightning. She swept her eyes over her followers, the killing intent on her face growing increasingly thick. "Help me inform Qingyu that we are returning to the Yao Night Clan!"
"My Queen, we are currently returning …" A follower began to speak.
Pipa!
A bolt of Lightning Laws as thick as a water bucket descended like a dragon's tooth, striking the trusted aide. He was instantly reduced to charcoal, standing there like a charred wooden stake.
As the other followers saw this, their eyelids twitched. But, none of them dared to move.

Chapter 1626
Within the Purple Cloud Sacred Land …
"Right now, the first step is to isolate the two kings from the Night Demon Clan," Divine Arrow said calmly as he stood in the hall.
"What's the second step?" Luo Zheng asked.
Divine Arrow calmly asked, "What do the kings of the Yao Night clan rely on?"
Luo Zheng thought for a moment before replying, "Faith Ponds."
Xun, Yao, and Ying were only at the Realm Lord level. If they didn't use the power of faith, they were only at the Realm Lord level. However, if they used the power of faith, they could even kill Empyreans.
The reason Xun had lost to Yao was because her Faith Ponds had been sealed, so there was a large gap between them.
"Yes," Divine Arrow nodded, "If we want to kill Yao and Ying, we have to destroy their Faith Ponds. That's the second step!"
Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial's words shocked everyone present.
The 3,000 Demon Night Clan martial artists who had followed him all stared at Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial with astonishment …
Destroying the Faith Ponds … that was too crazy!
Compared to the kings of the Yao Night clan, the Faith Ponds were the foundation of the Yao Night clan!
The kings of the Yao Night clan had changed many times, but the Faith Ponds were still the same three!
As long as the Faith Ponds existed in the Yao Night clan, it was equivalent to having three extra Empyreans. In the entire universe, no other clan had such a unique resource!
"Lord Empyrean, you can't do that!"
"We can kill the two kings, but we can't destroy the Faith Ponds. That's the foundation of our Yao Night clan!"
"… …"
Under Realm Lord Qian Ling's lead, the other Yao Night clan members all tried to persuade him.
As for the Purple Cloud Sacred Land's Sacred Leader, Flowsand, after hearing Dream God Arrow's words, she felt even more incredulous.
She felt that everything she saw today was very strange. So many Yao Night clan experts had appeared out of nowhere, and there was even an Empyrean among them. Now, this Empyrean wanted to destroy the Faith Ponds. She didn't know if she had gone crazy or if the world had gone crazy.
Dream God Arrow didn't back down at all. He calmly looked at everyone, "From now on, our Yao Night clan doesn't need three kings. One is enough!"
The Yao Night clan had a limited amount of faith power. The three kings shared the faith power. If only one Faith Ponds remained, all the faith power would belong to one person, greatly increasing their strength …
Everyone chose to remain silent.
Empyrean Divine Arrow's words weren't without reason. The Demon Night Clan had three kings, and although they all had different roles, there had been many instances of them fighting each other throughout history. If there was only one king left, the situation would be very different.
"Then where is the Pond of Faith?" Luo Zheng stared at Divine Arrow and asked.
Everyone in the Night Demon Clan knew about the existence of the Faith Pond in their clan. Anyone who possessed the bloodline of the ancient Night Demon Clan had the right to use the power of the Faith Pond. However, most people did not know where the Faith Pond was located.
"On the King-Conferring Platform, the center of the Xixia World. That's the core of our Yao Ye Clan's Great World, and it's also the most heavily guarded place." Dream God Arrow stared at Luo Zheng and said, "We need to hurry. If Yao isn't an idiot, she'll be able to guess where we are!"
Divine Arrow looked at the members of the Demon Night Clan and announced, "I will bring Luo Zheng with me and use Greater Teleportation to rush to the Dawnperch World. It will be a long journey, so everyone can return to the Jade Flute World where my Sacred Spear Sect is located."
When they heard Dream God Arrow's words, everyone looked at him with strange expressions.
Dream God Arrow noticed everyone's expressions and was also a bit confused. He continued, "Everyone, the journey to the Dawnperch World is a long one. I cannot bring everyone with me …"
Heavenly Exalts could use Greater Teleportation to cross several Great Worlds, but Dream God Arrow could only bring two or three people with him at most.
"Cough cough …" Luo Zheng coughed twice and clenched his fist, interrupting Dream God Arrow. "I want to say that there's no need to go through so much trouble."
"What do you mean?" Dream God Arrow asked with a strange expression.
A faint light flashed in Luo Zheng's hand, and the Spatial Laws within the Teleportation Token continuously condensed into a blazing white whirlpool of light. It continuously revolved in front of Luo Zheng.
Dream God Arrow was still a bit confused. He could sense the profound Spatial Laws contained within the whirlpool of light, but he still did not understand what Luo Zheng was trying to do. Even Heavenly Exalts would find it hard to imagine that such a wondrous item like the Teleportation Token would exist in the universe.
In truth, just this Teleportation Token alone was comparable to the Will of the Heavens.
"Follow me." Luo Zheng stepped into the Teleportation Token, instantly disappearing before everyone's eyes.
The other Demon Night Clan martial artists present had already seen the Teleportation Token's miraculous effects, so their expressions did not change much. However, Dream God Arrow was even more curious. He carefully stepped forward, and his entire body instantly sank downwards, entering that strange space …
When he saw the vast universe beneath his feet, the shock on his face became even more intense.
"Where, where is this place?"
Heavenly Exalted Divine Arrow was an experienced and knowledgeable person. After seeing the various Great Worlds, he immediately asked, "Could it be that through this space, we can teleport to any location?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Heavenly Exalted Divine Arrow looked deeply at Luo Zheng once more.
In the short time that he had known Luo Zheng, this was the second time that Luo Zheng had surprised him …
He was hidden underground and could only rely on the roar of the Teleportation Token to determine the situation in the outside world. In reality, he did not know much about Luo Zheng.
In Heavenly Exalted Divine Arrow's opinion, the only reason that Luo Zheng had taken the initiative to find him was because of his soul!
This was because releasing a King's Edict required a soul, and stepping onto the Throne Bestowment Platform also required a soul.
As for other matters, Dream God Arrow did not have much hope. If he could successfully destroy the Pond of Faith, then he would personally take care of Yao and Ying.
Thinking back to what he had obtained before, Dream God Arrow felt slightly embarrassed. He could only chuckle. "This little guy has quite a few good things."
Naturally, this would save him a lot of time …
Luo Zheng nodded noncommittally. Immediately after, Liu Yu, Qian Ling, and the other Demon Night Clan members all entered this space. Everyone began to advance towards the Xixia Realm.
Not long after, the Laws of Space suddenly appeared in the sky above the northern part of the Xixia Realm. This Laws of Space tore open a crack, and Luo Zheng's figure was the first to pass through the crack. After everyone had arrived, the crack disappeared.
The Xixia Realm and the Purple Snow Realm could not be mentioned in the same breath.
This was the core realm of the Demon Night Clan, and the coronation ceremony of the clan's King had always been held here. This was the birthplace of the Demon Night Clan.
Just the Xixia Realm alone had nine tenth-rank Sacred Lands, as well as countless other Sacred Lands below the tenth-rank. The population of the Demon Night Clan members here was several times that of the other Great Realms.
The entire Xixia Realm was verdant and lush, and the plants in the Sacred Lands were flourishing and growing, almost covering the entire Great Realm …
After the King's Edict was released, all of the Sacred Lands were greatly shaken.
The core Xixia Realm was naturally no exception!
At this moment, all of the Sacred Lands were in complete chaos …
Although the majority of the Demon Night Clan members had chosen to support Divine Arrow and Xun, there were still a small number of Yao Yue's supporters in the Xixia Realm. Even though Yao Yue had done something so perverse, the Demon Night Clan members who valued order believed that it was normal for the three Kings to perform their duties.
Thus, it was completely unreasonable for Divine Arrow to directly declare Yao Yue and Xun Ying to be traitors.
In response to this, there were even several conflicts within the Dawnperch World. However, even more people from the Yao Night Clan chose to kneel and pray on the Platform of Bestowment. They hoped that the Yao Night Clan would be able to smoothly survive this calamity under the protection of their king.
Divine Arrow led Luo Zheng and the others directly across the Sacred Lands. If this were in the past, there would definitely be guards from the Sacred Lands coming up to inspect them. However, no one even noticed them today. Or rather, even if they did, they couldn't be bothered to pay them any attention.
During this period of time, the faith of the Demon Night Clan had practically collapsed.
Even when Empyrean Divine Arrow arrived at the Regal Bestowment Platform, some people still recognized the Dream God Arrow!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1627
This King Bestowment Platform was a place of pilgrimage for the Demon Night Clan.
Many Demon Night Clan martial artists were weak, but out of their reverence for their king, they would gather here from all over the great worlds to cultivate. These Demon Night Clan members worshipped their king every day and even gave up on cultivating.
These people were called pilgrims.
The more powerful pilgrims were much better off. They would often spend several years migrating here from other great worlds. As for the weaker pilgrims, they would spend their entire lives on the road. It would be difficult for them to enter Dawnperch World before their lifespan ran out, much less see the King Bestowment Platform with their own eyes!
The King Bestowment Platform was incomparably large, and around it was a massive platform that was hundreds of thousands of feet wide. This platform was filled with Demon Night Clan martial artists. They were prostrating themselves on the ground, just like the disciples of Gods No Thought. In their hearts, their king was a supreme existence, a True God that protected them …
Although the Holy Land of Dawnperch World was in chaos, the massive platform around the King Bestowment Platform was still solemn and quiet. No one dared to make a ruckus.
"It's the Dream God Arrow! Empyrean Divine Arrow has come to the King Bestowment Platform! "
Someone shouted out from the crowd.
Empyrean Divine Arrow had led a group of several thousand people here. This naturally attracted the attention of some people.
Although the Dream God Arrow hadn't appeared for many years, there were still some people who recognized him.
That shout instantly broke the silence. Countless members of the Night Demon Clan opened their eyes and looked up into the sky ….
Empyrean Divine Arrow had issued the King's Edict. In a short period of time, his name had spread throughout the Demon Night Clan.
Some people viewed him as the only savior of the Demon Night Clan, someone who could save them from this calamity. But at the same time, some people viewed him as a traitor who had broken the rules that the Demon Night Clan had established over countless years!
In the dense crowd, there were over ten people who were staring at the Dream God Arrow. They nodded to each other, a cruel and ruthless look on their faces!
One of them poured his true essence into his voice and roared towards the skies, "You traitor! My Demon Night Clan's King of Slaughter has already fallen! You have faked the King's Edict! Your crime is death! "
The faith of these pilgrims was very blind. They had even given up on cultivating and only blindly contributed their faith. These blind martial artists didn't have the ability to distinguish right from wrong and were easily bewitched!
The debates were confined to the various Holy Lands, and they didn't affect the Demon Conferral Platform or the pilgrims. They might have heard rumors about the King's Edict, but most of them didn't know who was right or wrong. To them, it didn't matter who the King of the Yao Night Clan was!
"Why don't you kneel on the King-Bestowing Platform and beg for forgiveness on behalf of our Demon Night Clan's Kings!" someone shouted from the crowd.
"Divine Arrow Celestial Venerable seeks the throne! He wants to destroy the Pond of Faith and annihilate the Fiend Night Clan … "
"Sisters and brothers of the same clan, we will pay with our lives to stop this evil man outside!"
Some of the martial artists in the crowd kept shouting.
The martial artists were hidden in the crowd. They were using their true essence to stimulate their voices, trying their best to make everyone in the Yao Night Clan hear them. Their words were filled with a strong bewitching intent!
As he heard these voices, Luo Zheng frowned. The voices coming from below were clearly abnormal. Someone had to be deliberately spreading these rumors …
This was an extremely underhanded method, but it was extremely effective at this moment!
The emotions of the pilgrims below were quickly swayed by these words. They all glared angrily at Divine Arrow Celestial Venerable in the skies!
There were nearly a million pilgrims in the square. The vast majority of them were weak, and there were even a few who were only Xiantian lifeforms. In the Yao Night Clan, Xiantian lifeforms were the same as mortals …
But these people didn't fear a mighty 'Celestial Venerable' in the slightest. Under the protection of their King, these pilgrims didn't fear him at all.
"Shut up!"
Dream God Arrow coldly snorted. He lightly raised the short bow in his hands. His movements were so fast that no one could see how the arrow was shot out. All they saw was a dozen golden arrows appear in front of Dream God Arrow, instantly shooting out in all directions!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Puff puff puff puff …
Although these warriors were hiding in the crowd, the Dream God Arrow's judgement was extremely accurate. The golden Sunfire Arrow flew into the crowd and accurately pinned down the warriors who were spreading the deceptive words!
Although these sun arrows were casually shot out by Dream God Arrow, no one below Great Sector Lord had the ability to block them!
Blood splattered in the crowd as some of the pilgrims screamed. Unfortunately, Dream God Arrow's actions caused them to be even angrier. Some of the warriors in the crowd jumped out and cursed at Dream God Arrow!
"Dream God Arrow, you dare kill your own people on the king bestowing platform! This is disrespectful! "
"Our clan's King of Slaughter actually chose someone like you to become Celestial Venerable. What a blind dog …"
"......"
Luo Zheng looked at the increasingly noisy crowd and asked, "What are they doing? There doesn't seem to be much point in doing this. "
Dream God Arrow squinted his eyes and thought for a while. Suddenly, he seemed to have thought of something and his expression changed. He grabbed Luo Zheng and flew towards the king bestowing platform, "We're in trouble, let's go!"
Now that Divine Arrow was so anxious, Luo Zheng was even more confused, "What is the meaning of this?"
"It seems like Na Yao is already prepared. She has arranged a bunch of reckless people here. It seems like they are going to activate the Trial of Faith to stop us from entering the King-Conferring Platform. I almost forgot about that!" Dream God's Arrow and Luo Zheng stopped in front of the enormous platform as soon as he finished his sentence.
Luo Zheng finally had the time to ask, "What is trial of faith …"
Dream God Arrow's face showed a trace of regret as he stared ahead and said helplessly, "That is trial of faith."
The king bestowing platform was the foundation of the kings. Once it was destroyed, the king's strength would greatly decrease! Therefore, the king bestowing platform was probably the most heavily guarded place, and the outermost layer of defense was this trial of faith!
The right to activate this trial of faith wasn't given to a single person, but to the millions of pilgrims on the king bestowing platform!
Once these pilgrims decided that they couldn't approach, the trial of faith would activate!
Yao Yao had already arranged for some death warriors to spread rumors among the pilgrims. After Divine Arrow Empyrean appeared, those death warriors risked their lives to slander Divine Arrow Empyrean. This way, the pilgrims would easily hate Dream God Arrow!
Na Yao had even calculated that Dream God Arrow would easily kill these death warriors. Therefore, Na Yao deliberately arranged several groups of death warriors. When the first group of death warriors was killed by Dream God Arrow, the second group of death warriors would follow.
Under the constant slander, some of the pilgrims who didn't know the truth viewed Dream God Arrow as an enemy and glared at him. They really thought that Dream God Arrow was an enemy of the Yao Ye clan! Not all pilgrims were so brainless, but this world was always made up of people who didn't know the truth.
When the majority of the pilgrims viewed Dream God Arrow as an enemy, the first layer of defense of the king bestowing platform, the trial of faith, activated …
The enormous king bestowing platform was a triangular tower. The intersection of the triangles was the staircase to the king bestowing platform. As the trial of faith was activated, three ribbons of light appeared from the tower.
These three ribbons of light were red, blue, and green. These were the colors of the power of faith of the three kings of the Yao Ye clan.
After the three ribbons of light floated in the air, they began to condense, and soon, they formed human figures!
Dream God Arrow retreated a few steps when he saw these human figures slowly condense. "The power of faith is condensing into the bodies of faith of the kings of the Yao Ye clan. Be careful!"
"How strong are they?" Luo Zheng asked as he stared at the balls of light.
"Comparable to a Great Realm Lord," Dream God Arrow replied.
"Just a Great Realm Lord. You're a Heavenly Venerable," Luo Zheng chuckled.
Dream God Arrow glared at Luo Zheng. "I'm warning you to be careful!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a red figure took form. This red figure was the 13th King of Slaughter of the Demon Night Clan. Although the body of faith was rather blurry, one could still make out the woman's shocking appearance through the blood-red mist!
"Whoosh!"
This King of Slaughter suddenly raised her spear and charged towards Dream God Arrow.
Before she could counterattack, Luo Zheng was one step ahead. Like a gust of wind, he suddenly reached out and lightly waved his hand at the 13th King of Slaughter. A terrifying power erupted from his fingertips, and this ball of faith was unable to withstand it and instantly dissipated. At the same time that he destroyed this body of faith, Luo Zheng turned his head and smiled at Divine Arrow. Dream God Arrow's warning was unnecessary.

Chapter 1628
Luo Zheng's strength seemed to always exceed Dream God Arrow's expectations.
After the Trial of Faith was activated, the Bodies of Faith formed from the power of faith were also very difficult to deal with!
These Bodies of Faith had a portion of the memories of the previous Kings. At the very least, they retained a portion of the martial skills they cultivated and a portion of their strength. It was a bit of an exaggeration to say that they were comparable to a Great Realm Lord. After all, a Great Realm Lord's strength had to be measured comprehensively.
Bodies of Faith were just another way to use the power of faith. In a certain aspect, these Bodies of Faith were indeed comparable to a Great Realm Lord.
"Whoosh!"
After Luo Zheng defeated the King of Massacre, another King of Massacre rushed over in the blink of an eye. This spear was burning with raging flames and contained a violent killing intent. The tip of the spear was aimed at Luo Zheng's forehead!
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly floated. Without any hesitation, he grabbed the spear and spun around four or five times. Taking advantage of the momentum, he approached the King of Massacre. His right hand suddenly reached out and grabbed the King of Massacre's neck!
"Pop!"
The King of Massacre was squeezed by Luo Zheng's enormous strength and instantly collapsed into strands of power of faith, which flowed towards the Platform of Bestowing King …
Luo Zheng's side was like crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood. Naturally, Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial didn't slow down either.
Dream God Arrow looked like a thin and shriveled old man, but at this moment, he was abnormally agile. At this moment, he was moving back and forth like a ghost. With one hand holding the short bow, his other hand strummed the strings of the zither as if he was playing a zither!
Every time he strummed the strings, a Red Sun Arrow would shoot out. The instant it pierced through a Body of Faith, the Red Sun Arrow would explode and the Body of Faith would collapse!
As the two circled in the air, they were like crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood. As long as a Body of Faith was condensed, it would instantly shatter. Dream God Arrow had defeated the previous King of Punishment and King of Life, while Luo Zheng's main target was the King of Massacre …
"Whoosh!"
A new Body of Faith condensed. It was another King of Massacre. The crimson body spun a spear and fiercely stabbed towards Luo Zheng. The spear tip transformed into a formless energy that pierced through space.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge and allowed the invisible penetrating force to touch his body. Other than a crisp sound, his body was almost unscathed. Then, Luo Zheng moved closer and was about to crush the body of faith!
But the moment he got close to the other party, he was stunned!
....................................
The King-Bestowing Platform had a memory. Every time a King was bestowed the title of King, the King-Bestowing Platform would record it down. When the Trial of Faith began, every generation's King would appear to protect the King-Bestowing Platform. Naturally, Xun was no exception.
. At this moment... Luo Zheng didn't know where to start...
..... But........ She raised her spear and stabbed at Luo Zheng again. The aura on her blurry face was almost the same as the real Xun!
While Luo Zheng was in a daze, a golden light suddenly shot out from beside his ear. The Dream God's Arrow accurately pierced through Xun's Body of Faith. Xun's Body of Faith collapsed in front of Luo Zheng.
"Don't be fooled by these Bodies of Faith," the Dream God's Arrow warned.
Luo Zheng frowned. His mind raced as he asked, "Does this King-Conferring Platform contain the memories of all the Kings?"
The Dream God's Arrow shrugged. "Who knows? Apart from the King, no one has ever entered … "
Hearing Divine Arrow's uncertain tone, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
At this stage, Luo Zheng couldn't find a way to recover Xun's memories. Xun was like a puppet now. Luo Zheng didn't know what to do. If he could recover Xun's memories on the King-Conferring Platform, that would be great.
Judging from these Bodies of Faith, the King-Conferring Platform should have some memories. For example, Xun's Body of Faith's spear was Xun's spear technique. But whether or not it had a complete memory depended on luck!
The trial of faith was a great threat to Realm Lords and Great Realm Lords. However, it wasn't too much of a problem for Divine Venerables and Luo Zheng. But if they couldn't get rid of these Bodies of Faith, they wouldn't be able to enter the King-Conferring Platform. This would greatly delay their time.
Generation after generation of Demon Night clan kings appeared and were defeated. From the ancient Demon Night clan until now, the Demon Night clan's kings had been passed down for countless generations. If one were to calculate based on age, an ordinary Great Sector Lord's lifespan could reach tens of millions of years. After billions of years, all the kings added together were probably more than a thousand!
The battle on the King-Conferring Platform quickly alarmed the nine tenth rank Sacred Lands of the Xixia World!
At this moment, those Sacred Lands that were left behind rushed towards the King-Conferring Platform. There were many Great Realm Lords in these Sacred Lands and they were all members of the Elder Council.
This time, the Elder Council didn't follow Yao and Ying on their expedition. As for Yao and the others, they didn't force them either. In Yao's opinion, the Elder Council's group of old fellows wasn't strong enough to begin with. Plus, the Elder Council had many conflicts with her.
In the sky above the Xixia World, two Divine Venerables stood there, calmly looking down.
Currently, the Demon Night Clan had a total of five Divine Venerables. Besides Divine Arrow and Cang Yu, there was also Divine Venerate War Spirit who was with Ying. As for the two Divine Venerables above the Xixia World, they were Divine Venerables and An Ying. The Demon Night Clan's situation was special. Even Divine Venerables weren't suitable to participate in the battle between Kings. They had always maintained a neutral attitude.
"It seems that Dream God Arrow is very determined. He really does plan on destroying the two faith ponds." Divine Venerate Juehuo glanced down, a wisp of fire dancing in his eyes.
"I admire this guy." Divine Venerate Shadow smiled. "I think we should do something. Yao and Ying should be on their way back … should we stop them?"
"I won't participate in their battle." Divine Venerate Juehuo shook his head.
Divine Venerate Shadow asked, "Are you really going to watch as the Demon Night Clan is destroyed?"
Divine Venerate Juehuo smiled. "Why must it be our Demon Night Clan that is destroyed? What if the human race fails? "
Yao had already told the other Divine Venerables about the soul sealing needle. Divine Venerate Juehuo and Divine Venerate War Spirit also understood why Yao and Ying suddenly changed their minds and chose to join forces with the Sacred Race.
From this point of view, Yao's choice wasn't necessarily wrong. If the Sacred Race really destroyed the Great Expansion Universe, their Demon Night Clan might still have a place. They might even be able to enter the Great Expansion Universe!
Hearing this, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow pointed at Luo Zheng with a dangerous glint in his calm eyes. "If that's what you think, then let's join forces and kill that little guy down there!"
"Kill Luo Zheng?" Divine Venerate Juehuo raised an eyebrow.
Now, the entire universe knew the importance of the Dao Children. Luo Zheng, who was ranked first, might become the key to turning the situation around.
Although the two Demon Night Clan Divine Venerates were chatting casually, their attitudes were very important …
Dream God Arrow also understood that if he directly brought Luo Zheng to destroy the faith ponds, it wouldn't be that easy. The Demon Night Clan didn't only have the two Kings; there were also Divine Venerates. He used Xun to issue the King's Edict to divide the Demon Night Clan.
If Divine Venerate Bluesfeather couldn't bear it anymore and chose to leave Yao …
But Dream God Arrow's move was also extremely risky. If he rashly charged into the Throne Bestowment Platform, Dream God Arrow was betting that the other Divine Venerates wouldn't attack him.
However, the neutral Divine Venerates all had their own judgments. Although they didn't support any King, they still considered the overall interests of the Demon Night Clan.
When Divine Venerate Shadow proposed the idea of killing Luo Zheng, Divine Venerate Juehuo also carefully weighed the pros and cons.
"If we kill that boy, will the Sacred Race win?" Divine Venerate Juehuo asked.
Divine Venerate Shadow shook his head. "Not necessarily. But from the reactions of the Demi-Immortal Race and the Sacred Race, that boy is very important …"
Divine Venerate Juehuo looked down. "Then … kill him?"

Chapter 1629
Empyreans had been in high positions for a long time and liked to control the situation.
As peak characters of the universe, they didn't like their fates being manipulated …
Before Luo Zheng issued the declaration of war, the only races that actively resisted in the universe were the Demon Race and the Human Race. The total number of Celestial Masters of these two races added up to no more than 50. The other Celestial Masters who lived in seclusion, as well as the Celestial Masters of smaller races, had always maintained a wait-and-see attitude.
But with Luo Zheng's rallying cry, some of the smaller races finally began to move.
The Demon Night Clan's Empyrean Darkshadow and Empyrean Juehuo were in a state of uncertainty. They didn't support the Demon Night Clan's current decision, but they also didn't want to join the resistance against the saints.
This sort of wavering mentality was like a scale that swung back and forth between both sides. They were constantly weighing the impact of the current situation.
To them, Luo Zheng was like a weight. When they discovered that removing this weight would be beneficial to them, they made their choice decisively!
"I'll leave Luo Zheng to you. I'll kill the Dream God Arrow," Empyrean Juehuo lightly said.
Empyrean Darkshadow raised an eyebrow and glanced at him. "You're quite confident? Although this Dream God Arrow was once heavily wounded, his strength cannot be underestimated. "
In the eyes of the two Empyreans, Luo Zheng wasn't worth mentioning. As for the Dream God Arrow, he was already incomparably old. In addition, he had once been heavily wounded and was no longer as strong as he was in the past …
"No more nonsense, let's go."
As Empyrean Juehuo's voice fell, he turned into a blue flame and burned away …
As for Empyrean Darkshadow, he turned into a pitch black shadow and vanished.
In front of the King Bestowment Platform.
The three ribbons of light continued to tumble and condense in front of Luo Zheng and the Dream God Arrow …
After being repeatedly defeated by the two, the power of faith became increasingly difficult to condense and the speed at which it condensed into form became increasingly slow.
Pa pa pa!
With three faint cracking sounds, the ribbons of light formed from the power of faith finally broke apart. All of the power of faith returned to the King Bestowment Platform. They had successfully passed through the trial of faith.
Beneath the King Bestowment Platform, the millions of pilgrims revealed looks of despair.
These pilgrims did not allow anyone to enter the Platform of Bestowing King. It was a stain on their king, but they were weak. Other than using the Trial of Faith, they had no other way to stop it.
As such, the Dream God Arrow didn't kill any of the pilgrims. At his level, he didn't want to involve ordinary warriors in a battle.
"That's it? It's easy. "Luo Zheng smiled.
Dream God Arrow shook his head. "We're just lucky. Come with me, we'll ascend the Regal Bestowment Platform …"
Just as Dream God Arrow's voice fell, his expression changed drastically.
Under the golden light in his eyes, he suddenly shot out in the air. Under the acceleration of his body, he turned around and shot an arrow at the position where he was just now!
This arrow wasn't the golden Red Sun Arrow, but the black Sun Extinguishing Arrow!
Among the Dream God Arrow's archery skills, the Red Sun Arrow was the archery skill that made him famous. However, it wasn't the most powerful archery skill. As for the Sun Vanquishing Arrow, it was a powerful killing move that he had learned after becoming a Celestial Venerable!
An arrow piercing through the rainbow, extinguishing the sun and moon with a raise of his hand!
Dream God Arrow would only use the Sun Vanquishing Arrow when fighting against a warrior of the same level.
The black arrow was like a black ray of death as it shot out. However, when this arrow flew to the position where Dream God Arrow had been standing, it strangely floated in the air. The black arrowhead wavered, unable to move forward at all!
"Pop."
A strange blue flame appeared in the sky.
As this blue flame continued to burn, it enveloped Dream God Arrow's Sun Vanquishing Arrow. The fire grew bigger and bigger, and as it continued to burn, the flames formed the outline of a person. This person's hand was holding the black arrow shaft!
Not long after, the flames dissipated, and a slender young man appeared.
The youth had a faint smile on his face. He held the black arrow shaft with one hand and gently twisted it. The arrow shaft turned to dust and scattered with the wind.
"Absolute Fire!"
Dream God Arrow's face revealed a fierce expression. The thing he was most worried about had happened.
These Empyreans were not as easy to fool as ordinary warriors, especially Empyrean Absolute Fire and Heavenly Shadow. If they wanted to interfere, things would become troublesome …
"Long time no see, Dream God Arrow," Empyrean Absolute Fire said with a smile.
"Why are you stopping me? You want to help them? They are … "Dream God Arrow stared at Empyrean Absolute Fire.
Empyrean Absolute Fire shook his head and interrupted Dream God Arrow's words. He smiled and said, "Keep your words to yourself. I know exactly what you want to say."
"But …" Dream God Arrow was unwilling to treat Empyrean Absolute Fire as an opponent. At this moment, he was trying his best to persuade him.
However, Empyrean Absolute Fire did not give Dream God Arrow the chance. "But we have already made our choice!"
"We?" Dream God Arrow's eyebrows suddenly jumped. Empyrean Absolute Fire had also arrived. He instantly turned his head and warned, "Luo Zheng! Be careful! "
As his voice fell, a shadow suddenly appeared behind Luo Zheng. Within the shadow, a black broken blade silently reached for Luo Zheng's neck!
Facing Empyrean Absolute Fire, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Then, he used his elbow to strike behind him.
This backhand elbow strike seemed ordinary, but the strength that Luo Zheng had poured into it was extremely terrifying. Since Dream God Arrow was facing an Empyrean, then the one attacking him must also be an Empyrean. Luo Zheng looked extremely calm, but he had also used the power of nine stars!
30% of his strength!
The frightening power of this elbow strike was like a collapsing dam, flocking towards the back of his body ….
"Peng!"
It seemed like a casual strike, but it actually exploded with a loud bang!
Immediately after, in front of everyone's eyes, a figure appeared behind Luo Zheng. It stumbled in the air and finally stabilized itself. However, that person's face was already deathly pale. After holding back for a while, there was a 'pu' sound as a mouthful of blood sprayed out from his mouth!
"Be careful of what?" Luo Zheng asked Dream God Arrow with a smile on his face. He didn't even turn around! He didn't even want to face a dignified Empyrean!
"…"
Dream God Arrow stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Along the way, he had repeatedly underestimated Luo Zheng's strength. In his heart, he had also repeatedly raised his evaluation of Luo Zheng!
When he first saw Luo Zheng, he only thought of Luo Zheng as a new Sector Lord. However, Luo Zheng was able to break through Dream God Arrow's' Fixed Gaze Divine Ability '. This made Dream God Arrow think highly of Luo Zheng!
However, following Luo Zheng's subsequent performances, he quickly adjusted his impression of Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was a Dao Disciple. Even if he had just stepped into the Sector Lord realm, he wasn't an ordinary Sector Lord. At the very least, he was a peak existence amongst Sector Lords. He could sweep away any fighter below the Great Sector Lord realm.
When Luo Zheng fought together with him against the Trial of Faith, Luo Zheng's performance once again exceeded Dream God Arrow's expectations. This fellow was extremely outstanding even amongst Great Sector Lords. He was indeed worthy of being the number one Dao Disciple!
Now, Dream God Arrow discovered that in front of Luo Zheng, he was like a farmer who had never seen the world. He couldn't understand Luo Zheng's true strength at all!
In any case, Dream God Arrow was an Empyrean. His experience and strength were proportionate. However, a Sector Lord's casual attack had actually caused an Empyrean to spit out blood. This sort of thing … was unheard of.
It wasn't just Dream God Arrow. Even Empyrean Exalted Fire was stunned.
Empyrean Exalted Fire believed that his strength was slightly higher than Empyrean Dark Shadow's. This was why he had allowed Empyrean Dark Shadow to deal with Luo Zheng while he dealt with Dream God Arrow.
Given Empyrean Dark Shadow's strength, dealing with Luo Zheng … it could only be said that he had no difficulty in doing so.
However, the scene in front of him immediately confused Empyrean Exalted Fire. He even had a trace of doubt in his heart. Was Empyrean Dark Shadow's brain sick? Was he acting? Even if he was acting, he still needed Luo Zheng's cooperation. Looking at Luo Zheng's smile and arrogant expression, it was obvious that Empyrean Dark Shadow had suffered a great loss!
At this moment, more and more people from the Yao Night Clan had gathered around the Bestowing King Platform. Apart from the weaker pilgrims, the Sector Lords of the Elder Council had also gathered around. When the Elder Council saw the two Empyreans attacking Dream God Arrow, they were all anxious.
The majority of the Elder Council stood on Dream God Arrow's side. After being suppressed by Yao for so many years, they hated Yao to the bone. However, from the perspective of the entire Yao Night Clan, they didn't wish for the clan's experts to kill each other. Therefore, these Elders had come to mediate.
However, as soon as they rushed over, they didn't even have time to speak before they saw this ridiculous scene …
"That youth should be Luo Zheng! He actually made Empyrean Dark Shadow spit out blood with a single punch! How … how did he do that? "An Elder's eyes were wide open, his eyeballs almost popping out of their sockets.
"You're asking me? Who am I supposed to ask … "An elder at the side was also dumbfounded.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1630
Liu Yu and the other Sector Lords on Cage Island were also watching this scene from the other side of the platform.
Among them, only Cage Island's Warden Feng Ming and Mizukage had fought with Luo Zheng before.
At this moment, Feng Ming and Mizukage finally understood why they couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng even after using all their methods. This guy's strength wasn't what they had imagined at all …
As for Liu Yu himself, he was unusually calm.
This youth who had slaughtered his way through the Sea God Continent was now a match for a Heavenly Venerable in the blink of an eye …
As for Heavenly Venerable Shadow himself, he was extremely excited.
He had suffered a huge loss just now because he had been too careless.
Assassinating from the back was Heavenly Venerable Shadow's specialty. He never would have thought that Luo Zheng could predict the future and counterattack first!
Therefore, Heavenly Venerable Shadow was completely unprepared for Luo Zheng's counterattack.
If it had been a normal counterattack, it would have been fine. However, Luo Zheng had exploded with power at this moment. Even as a Heavenly Venerable, Heavenly Venerable Shadow still had to suffer. Under that seemingly careless attack, the power contained within it surged through his body and damaged his internal organs. He couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood.
He had really lost a lot of face today!
At this moment, Heavenly Venerable Shadow was feeling very strange. What kind of method did Luo Zheng use to know that he would attack from the back?
Heavenly Venerable Shadow's heavenly fate was called "Shadow Dance." After hiding himself, he would be in a state of absolute concealment. In theory, no one in the universe could find him. This heavenly fate was both weak and strong. However, when used at the right time, its effects were extremely terrifying. After all, he could get close to anyone without anyone noticing. Even Heavenly Venerables had to worry about being assassinated by him!
Naturally, he didn't know that within the range of the world's will, everything in the world was transparent to Luo Zheng.
In truth, when Luo Zheng and Dream God Arrow faced the Trial of Faith, he already knew of the existence of the two Empyreans. If these Empyreans hadn't come to provoke him, then it would have been fine. But now that they wanted to attack, Luo Zheng wouldn't show any mercy. There was almost no hesitation in his actions!
Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and stared at Luo Zheng with scorpion-like eyes. "How did you discover me?"
Only then did Luo Zheng turn his head, the corners of his mouth slightly raised. "Why should I tell you?"
"If you don't speak, you'll definitely die!" Heavenly Sovereign Umbra Shadow threatened.
Luo Zheng's smile deepened. "Do you think you'll spare my life if I tell you?"
"In your dreams!"
Heavenly Sovereign Umbra Shadow was running out of patience.
Arguing with a little fellow at the World Lord Realm was futile. Under the extreme humiliation he felt, he only wanted to kill Luo Zheng as soon as possible!
"Shua!"
Heavenly Sovereign Umbra Shadow suddenly split into two pitch-black shadows and disappeared on the spot!
Heavenly Sovereign Umbra Shadow had just disappeared and was about to carry out a second assassination …
Dream God Arrow's reaction was extremely fast. Luo Zheng's performance had surprised him greatly, but at the same time, he was slightly relieved. At least this sudden change wasn't as troublesome as he had imagined. He still had a chance!
If he could quickly finish off Heavenly Venerable Juehuo, then it wouldn't be impossible for him to work with Luo Zheng to kill Heavenly Sovereign Umbra Shadow!
"Sou sou sou!"
He raised his hand and three streaks of black light shot out in the blink of an eye!
"Fixed Gaze Ability!"
Heavenly Sovereign Divine Arrow's eyes flashed with golden light as he stared at Heavenly Venerable Juehuo. In his field of vision, the three Yang Annihilation Arrows would definitely hit. There was no way to dodge them!
Heavenly Venerable Juehuo and Dream God Arrow both came from the Fiend Night Clan, so he was very familiar with Dream God Arrow's ability. He knew he couldn't dodge, but he didn't even think of dodging!
"Peng!"
Green flames burned vigorously on his body …
Then, the three Yang Annihilation Arrows nailed into Heavenly Venerable Juehuo's body, completely piercing through him!
But as the green flames gradually extinguished, Heavenly Venerable Juehuo disappeared from where he stood. Then, a scorching heat spread out from the skies. All of the martial artists around the King-Bestowing Platform felt as if they were standing next to a furnace as a wave of heat spread out!
"Go go go!"
The members of the Council of Elders didn't dare to stay any longer!
When Empyrean powerhouses fought, every move they made could destroy the heavens and earth. At this moment, both sides were restraining themselves. But, if they truly brought out their trump cards, it wasn't impossible for them to tear apart the entire Xixia World!
Liu Yu and the others also began to retreat. No one wanted to stay here and be caught up in the crossfire.
But, the pilgrims below the King-Bestowing Platform didn't move …
The vast majority of these pilgrims were weak and couldn't escape too far in a short period of time. Moreover, these pilgrims didn't want to leave this place at all. They simply whispered a prayer, using the Fiend Night Clan's unique language to pray for the protection of their King.
But that scorching heat only grew stronger and stronger. Many of the Fiend Night Clan members' hair and eyebrows began to curl up. Some even covered their faces and fell to the ground!
"Whoosh –"
A wheel of fire appeared in the skies. Heavenly Venerable Juehuo stood atop this wheel of fire as it came crashing down towards Heavenly Venerable Divine Arrow!
"Heavenly Fire Wheel!"
The Heavenly Fire Wheel surged forward, crushing down on the Dream God Arrow. The heat emanating from the Heavenly Fire Wheel was enough to melt the earth!
"Peng! Peng! Peng … "
As this heat roasted down, the pilgrims below the King-Bestowing Platform were set ablaze one by one, transforming into raging flames …
It had to be said that these pilgrims were extremely devout. Some of the pilgrims who were further away weren't affected. When they saw the pilgrims in front of them in a pitiful state, they didn't scream or run away. In the face of death, they remained calm and collected!
"Hmph!"
Facing this Heavenly Fire Wheel and Dream God Arrow, Heavenly Venerable Divine Arrow's expression didn't change at all.
Although Heavenly Venerable Juehuo's attack was powerful, it didn't pose much of a threat to Heavenly Venerables. Behind him, a spatial force exploded as he vanished from the spot!
Following that, Dream God Arrow's figure appeared high in the sky. The bow in his hand was fully drawn. At that moment, Dream God Arrow's five fingers clasped onto the bowstring. With a sudden pull, a complex divine rune appeared between the bowstring and the bow!
"Buzz …"
As the divine rune trembled, five arrows of different colors appeared on the bowstring!
Gold, green, black, green, purple!
Crimson Sun Arrow, Sun Annihilation Arrow, Profound Fixation Arrow, Spirit Seizing Arrow, and Vast Sky Arrow!
Dream God Arrow didn't hesitate in his battle with Heavenly Venerables. He used all his techniques at once.
However, Dream God Arrow didn't use the Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow. The price of burning one's life force was too great. Unless it was absolutely necessary, Dream God Arrow didn't plan on using it!
"Sou! Sou! Sou!
Sou! Sou! Sou! "The five different-colored arrow beams flew from top to bottom, instantly arriving in front of Heavenly Venerable Juehuo!
Heavenly Venerable Juehuo stood atop the Heavenly Fire Beacon Wheel, his brows slightly furrowed.
Dream God Arrow's Eye Fixation Divine Ability was extremely difficult to counter. It used fate to determine the target. This karmic law was extremely unreasonable. Because he could see, his arrows would definitely hit.
Against Dream God Arrow's arrows, one could only use other methods to neutralize them or even forcefully resist them. There was no way to dodge them even if one wanted to!
In the blink of an eye, the five arrows were already flying towards him!
"Fire Emissary Substitute!"
The moment the five arrows pierced through Heavenly Venerable Juehuo, he turned into a flaming man once more!
"Fuse!"
The flaming man was hit by the five arrows, instantly being torn apart by the five arrows of different attributes.
However, not long after, Heavenly Venerable Juehuo's body reformed once more. Fire Emissary Substitute was a fire divine ability that Heavenly Venerable Juehuo had comprehended himself. It had already helped him avoid calamities countless times!
Heavenly Venerable Juehuo's plan was similar to Dream God Arrow's. As long as Heavenly Venerable Shadow captured Luo Zheng and joined forces with him, dealing with Dream God Arrow wouldn't be difficult. Thus, the one who should be anxious right now should be Dream God Arrow, not him!
Dream God Arrow's five arrows didn't work, so he turned his gaze to Luo Zheng on the other side.
Heavenly Venerable Shadow appeared and disappeared like a ghost. He didn't know if Luo Zheng could avoid his assassination.
The only thing that comforted Dream God Arrow was that Luo Zheng's reaction was shockingly fast. This kid had even broken his Eye Fixation Divine Ability.
Dream God Arrow was quite puzzled because breaking the karmic law was something that defied common sense.
Although Luo Zheng hadn't told him this secret, Dream God Arrow had been analyzing Luo Zheng's method of breaking the Eye Fixation Divine Ability. In the end, he only came up with one possibility. Perhaps this Luo Zheng had a divine ability that could see through a person's mind and knew where he was going to shoot the arrow. Thus, he was able to predict the future and destroy his arrow!
If his guess was correct, then it would be very difficult for Heavenly Venerable Shadow to take advantage of Luo Zheng …
After Heavenly Venerable Divine Arrow stopped, Heavenly Venerable Juehuo also looked over.
Luo Zheng was still floating in the air, but he was constantly turning in a certain direction. There was a mocking smile on his face as his eyes stared into the void.
After activating the Dance of Shadows, Heavenly Venerable Shadow was in a state of absolute concealment. In theory, he couldn't be detected. It was another matter if he could kill his target, but by relying on the karmic law, he could approach anyone without being detected!
However, that kid Luo Zheng was staring at him!

Chapter 1631
In front of the world's consciousness, all concealment was useless.
This world was made up of complex materials, such as rocks, air, water, mountains, and all kinds of living beings …
The world's consciousness recorded all materials, so Luo Zheng could instantly tell how many rocks there were in a large world, how many mountains there were, and how many people were there!
However, the world's consciousness had its limits.
When the world's consciousness first covered the entire world, it couldn't detect the movements of martial artists from the Upper Realm.
Now, the world's consciousness had covered all of the large worlds of the Yao Night Clan, so Luo Zheng couldn't detect human martial artists.
However, this world's will was still spreading. In the future, if it spread to the entire universe, Luo Zheng would truly be an omniscient god in this universe. The entire universe would no longer have any secrets to him. He would be able to know everything from the past to the present through his memories. The only thing he couldn't detect was the Sacred Race. After all, the Sacred Race came from the Upper Realm, so the world's consciousness couldn't enter the universe of other Saints.
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow was born in the Yao Night Clan, so he naturally couldn't escape the world's consciousness.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't just see Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's current state. Through the world's consciousness' memories, Luo Zheng could even understand Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's past. Most of those memories were something even Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow himself couldn't remember.
This was Luo Zheng's first time facing a Heavenly Venerate head-on. Although he looked relaxed, he didn't dare to be careless. His entire body was in a state of alert.
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow kept moving in the shadows …
This brat in front of him was much more difficult to deal with than he'd imagined. At this moment, he was even depressed about Heavenly Venerate Extreme Fire's choice. With his strength, facing the Dream God Arrow was much better than facing this brat.
Although Luo Zheng was difficult to deal with, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow didn't think that he couldn't do anything to him.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was just a curled up hedgehog. At this moment, he just couldn't find an opening. However, once he did, that opening would become this brat's Achilles' heel!
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow moved faster and faster in the shadows. With Luo Zheng as the center, he opened up a distance of several hundred feet and quickly circled around him.
Luo Zheng floated in the air, spinning faster and faster, and the smile on his face gradually disappeared …
Even if the will of the world could capture anything, if Heavenly Lord Dark Shadow's speed could surpass Luo Zheng's reaction speed, he could still pose a huge threat to Luo Zheng!
"Huff huff huff …"
Heavenly Master Dark Shadow seemed to have understood this as well. He simply gave up on concealing himself. After retreating from the shadows, his speed suddenly doubled. His nimble body spun in the air, leaving behind a series of blurry afterimages. Because of his extreme speed, these afterimages were actually able to connect head to tail, forming a huge halo that surrounded Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Dream God Arrow also frowned. Just like how Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow and Heavenly Venerate Juehuo understood him, Dream God Arrow also understood Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's methods. This fellow could be considered an assassin among Heavenly Venerates. He liked to prepare for a long time before attacking, but once he attacked, he pursued a one-hit kill!
Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow had an advantage in speed against Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng would most likely be in a disadvantageous situation.
At this thought, Dream God Arrow's eyes flashed with a golden light. He raised his hand and was about to shoot an arrow at Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow. He couldn't just watch Luo Zheng be killed. After all, without Xun's soul, he couldn't enter the Platform of Bestowment!
However, he only pulled the bowstring. Before he could shoot the arrow, Heavenly Venerate Juehuo blocked Dream God Arrow's path. A blue flame, like an otherworldly lotus flower, danced in his hand.
"Your opponent is me."
Heavenly Venerate Juehuo smiled slightly. The flame spread out and swept towards Dream God Arrow. The two Heavenly Venerates had started fighting again!
When Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's speed reached a certain level, Luo Zheng could no longer catch him. As killing intent flashed in Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's eyes, his circling path suddenly changed. His body flashed and shot towards Luo Zheng!
With such a fast speed, even the afterimages he left behind disappeared. This speed didn't leave any mark on the eyes because it was simply impossible to catch!
When Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow disappeared, Luo Zheng also shouted out loud!
His right hand was still on his spatial ring. As soon as Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's figure disappeared, Luo Zheng had already pulled out the Great Thousand Greatsword!
Luo Zheng didn't have time to think. Relying purely on instinct, he slashed the Great Thousand Greatsword to the side!
Strictly speaking, this couldn't even be called a 'slash'. After all, Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's speed was simply too fast. When Luo Zheng used the world will to lock onto Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow, the two sides were already extremely close. He wasn't able to adjust the Great Thousand Greatsword's edge. He could only use the Great Thousand Greatsword as a stick and whip it towards Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow!
Peng!
It was accompanied by a muffled boom!
The Great Thousand Greatsword accurately smashed into Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's body!
The weight of the Great Thousand Greatsword was extremely terrifying. It contained the weight of a great thousand worlds. Even if it were a stick, it would still have a terrifying lethality. Moreover, Luo Zheng had also erupted with his own strength as he drove the Great Thousand Greatsword!
The back of the Great Thousand Greatsword smashed into Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's chest. A terrifying strength poured out, instantly shattering all of Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's ribs!
Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow was like a broken kite as he was sent flying backwards by Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Greatsword. The speed at which he was sent flying backwards was even faster than the speed at which he came.
As he was sent flying backwards, he flew for 3000 miles before crashing into a Holy Land that was closest to the Throne Bestowment Platform. Along the way, he smashed through tens of thousands of trees and even some Yao Ye clansmen.
There was a 10,000 foot wide crater in the Holy Land. Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow lay in the center of the crater, his expression indescribably wonderful.
He suddenly flipped himself up and felt a sweet taste in his throat. Puff!
He spat out another mouthful of blood!
This time, the amount of blood he spat out was more than 10 times more than before!
Not a single rib in Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow's chest was intact. As for his internal organs, they were a mess. If it was any other cultivator, they would have been on the verge of death. How could they still jump up like this?
He gritted his teeth and took out a golden pill. He slapped it into his mouth and swallowed it after chewing for a while.
In a short period of time, he had been beaten to the point of spitting out blood twice by a Realm Lord. This was no longer just a great humiliation, it was a great humiliation!
Sou!
Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow jumped out of the crater, his face filled with the word 'unwillingness'. His gaze shifted and he discovered that there were several Yao Ye clan cultivators hiding in the bushes around the crater. His face darkened and he casually slapped out with his palm!
When this palm wind swept past the cultivators of the Yao Night Clan, the cultivators who had been sneaking glances at them all shuddered and their bodies stiffened. Not long after, cracks appeared on their bodies as blood flowed out from the cracks. Then, their bodies shattered into pieces and completely collapsed.
"Hmph!"
Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow coldly snorted and flew towards the Bestowment Throne once more.
After being struck by Luo Zheng's sword, Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow felt sad and wronged. This Luo Zheng was too unreasonable. What qualifications did he have to make an Empyrean spit out blood twice?
Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow even began to doubt his own life. He began to doubt his and Heavenly Venerate Juehuo's judgment. Should they have gotten involved in this mess?
If Luo Zheng was allowed to continue growing, then in a few more years, that little fellow would likely be able to defy the heavens. At that time, helping the human race defeat the Sacred Race might not be impossible …
However, people at their level never had any thoughts of 'regret'. Once they made up their minds, they would walk down a dark path. He and Heavenly Venerate Juehuo had already formed a grudge with Luo Zheng. There was no possibility of reconciliation!
"Not bad …"
Heavenly Venerate Darkshadow used greater teleportation and appeared in front of Luo Zheng once more. His deathly pale face was filled with absolute seriousness. "It looks like I shouldn't have treated you as a junior, nor should I have treated you as a Realm Lord. You … actually already possess the strength to rival an Empyrean!"
His evaluation was already extremely high.

Chapter 1632
Something like Dark Shadow Heavenly Sovereign, who had suffered two losses in front of a Sector Lord, had probably never happened before in history.
This was the first time he had suffered a loss, so Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow had no idea how strong Luo Zheng was. After all, there were always some Realm Lords in this world who possessed abilities that even Heavenly Venerates couldn't match. Furthermore, Luo Zheng hadn't become a Dao Disciple for nothing.
The second time he had suffered a loss was because Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow had once again underestimated Luo Zheng's strength.
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow couldn't forgive himself for being wrong twice. Now, facing Luo Zheng, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow had already viewed Luo Zheng as an opponent of the same level as himself.
However, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would suddenly vanish from his spot!
Sou!
Then, he heard a whistling sound in his ear. Luo Zheng had actually used a great space teleportation to appear above him. He held the Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand and slashed down at his head!
"Godly Yi Sword! Wind Kill! "
Luo Zheng had been preparing this attack for a long time.
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow had been a famous Heavenly Venerate in the Fiend Night Clan for a long time. After suffering two setbacks in a row, he had to open his mouth and say some nonsense in order to regain some face.
It was indeed an honor for ordinary Realm Lords to receive such an evaluation. However, Luo Zheng wasn't interested in this at all.
In the east of the Great Yan Universe, Dao Disciple Maha had started to clamor in the Sunflower Water Realm. The Heavenly Venerates of both the Sacred Race and the Human Race had already started to make arrangements. The decisive battle could erupt at any time. Luo Zheng couldn't delay here for too long!
All he wanted was a result, not someone's appreciation and praise.
Therefore, when he suddenly attacked at this moment, he used the fiercest method possible!
Now that Luo Zheng's cultivation base had risen by another level, the might of the Godly Yi Sword, which was released by the Primal Chaos Qi, had reached another level!
A sword-shadow spread out like a wind blade containing 10 levels of wind laws. These sword-lights cut down and blocked all the escape routes of Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow!
Luo Zheng's choice of timing was indeed very accurate!
At least, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow was stunned for an entire blink of an eye.
A clash of this level could determine victory or defeat in the blink of an eye.
It was also because of Heavenly Venerable Umbra Shadow's astonishing reaction speed. In addition, this person's destiny was to be good at escaping.
His body, Venerate Dark Shadow forcefully lowered his body, and then turned into two shadows. Shadows,,,,, turned into four, eight, eight, sixteen, sixteen, thirty-two, of course, of course, sixteen, thirty-two, thirty-two, thirty-two, thirty-two, thirty-two, thirty-two, sixty-four, Of, Of Eight, Venerate Dark of Dark shadow. of Of Of Dark....
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Even though Luo Zheng's sword slash shattered a few of the black shadows, the number of black shadows below was increasing at a terrifying speed!
A thousand black shadows …
Two thousand shadows …
Of Were...
Of God would double would..........
. of Venerate
....
Of Of Of His......
Not long after, the Platform of Bestowment was densely packed with Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's shadows.
At this moment, Dream God Arrow and Heavenly Venerate Jueying stopped fighting again. Heavenly Venerate Juehuo smiled with interest. "That kid is really not bad. He actually forced Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow to use his trump card!"
In Heavenly Venerate Juehuo's opinion, even if Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow was unlucky today and suffered two small losses at Luo Zheng's hands, he wouldn't be so anxious.
Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng had given Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow a big enough blow.
"What is this?"
Luo Zheng's face darkened when he saw the densely packed shadows. Not only had his sword failed to do anything, but it had also provoked Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's powerful counterattack. He could only choose to avoid it for the time being.
White light flashed under Luo Zheng's feet. Just as he was about to use greater teleportation to leave this place, all the shadows suddenly turned their hands. Their left arm held their right hand horizontally, while their right hand pointed to the sky!
These shadows were all incarnations of Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow. Their movements were uniform, as if they were practicing martial arts!
"Wu …"
A black circle appeared beneath Luo Zheng's feet in the blink of an eye. Before Luo Zheng could teleport away, it bound him firmly to the spot.
"Not good …"
Luo Zheng was shocked. The strength in his feet suddenly erupted as he tried to break free from the black circle.
When his strength erupted, not even an Empyrean could contend with it. But … when an Empyrean fought with a powerhouse of a higher level, strength could play a miraculous role in many cases, but it was also very powerless.
This was because at this level, many methods involved the laws of cause and effect. Pure strength was unable to break through them!
The black circle was only two fingers wide, but it was extremely flexible. Luo Zheng's explosive strength was enough to topple mountains and overturn seas, but he still couldn't break free from the black circle!
"Ten Thousand Shadows Strike!"
At this moment, the hands of the countless shadows turned once more, connecting with each other. It was like a mass of black clouds, blotting out the sun!
The world in front of Luo Zheng suddenly darkened …
He had completely sunk into the shadows, unable to see a trace of light!
One shadow after another rushed towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed …
Through the will of the world, Luo Zheng could distinguish the direction and distance of these shadows. But he couldn't break free from the black circle beneath his feet!
"Whoosh!"
The first shadow rushed towards Luo Zheng, followed by a crisp sound!
Luo Zheng felt a touch of coldness on his skin. It was clear that a sharp weapon had slashed across his skin!
"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh … "
Immediately after, the sound of a sharp weapon cutting through flesh rang out!
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's cultivation method was very targeted. This Ten Thousand Shadows Strike used the Shadow Transformation Divine Ability to integrate his strongest assassination technique into it. At the same time, it used the laws of cause and effect to bind Luo Zheng. It was impossible to break free with pure strength. Luo Zheng was like a fish on a chopping board, and Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow had enough time to crush Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh … "
The sound of blades cutting through flesh lasted for dozens of breaths.
During this time, more than 100,000 shadows rushed towards Luo Zheng. In other words, Luo Zheng suffered more than 100,000 assassination attempts!
Every shadow completed its mission after the assassination attempt and dissipated into the air …
The black cloud that covered the sky gradually faded as the black shadow continued to decrease in number ….
When all the shadows disappeared, Luo Zheng's figure slowly appeared …
Dream God Arrow's expression was originally very ugly, but Heavenly Venerate Juehuo and Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow, who were hiding in the shadows, were very excited. They felt that killing such an important Dao Disciple with their own hands was very interesting. Some Heavenly Venerates had very long lifespans, so it was difficult for anything to excite them.
But when they saw Luo Zheng's situation, the three Heavenly Venerates' expressions changed once more!
Dream God Arrow's old face revealed a smile once more, but Heavenly Venerate Juehuo and Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow were both shocked and horrified!
"How, how is this possible …"
The 100,000 shadows had already dissipated, leaving behind only one shadow. And this shadow gradually transformed into Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's true body. His eyes were wide open as he stood 30 meters away from Luo Zheng, his eyes filled with disbelief!
This kid was actually still alive!
He had absolutely never imagined that this fellow would actually be able to survive his Thousand Shadows Strike.
"You, you're not injured …"
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's thoughts had become somewhat sluggish. He found it hard to believe the scene in front of him because Luo Zheng was completely unharmed from head to toe. He didn't find any wounds on Luo Zheng's body …
Dream God Arrow's smile became more and more intense, and even his shoulders started to shake. "Hahahaha … This kid is a monster! He really is a monster! "
Heavenly Venerate Divine Arrow was naturally in a good mood, but Heavenly Venerate Juehuo and Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow were quite helpless.
Humans had an innate fear of things that exceeded common sense, and even Heavenly Venerates were no exception. Among the myriad of techniques that Heavenly Venerates had, the Thousand Shadows Strike was indeed not the strongest killing move. After all, the power of 100,000 shadows couldn't be concentrated on a single point.
Even if a Heavenly Venerate forcefully withstood it, he would probably be on the verge of death. For Luo Zheng to be able to withstand it without a single injury was indeed too illogical …
For a moment, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow wanted to retreat!
But in the end, he was still unwilling to accept defeat. Losing to a junior like Luo Zheng would probably become a heart demon that he would never be able to rid himself of in this lifetime. How could he be willing to accept defeat?
Thinking of this, he gritted his teeth and threw caution to the wind. He folded his hands together, opened his mouth, and spat out a ball of essence blood. This ball of essence blood danced in his hand and condensed into a thumb-sized essence blood sword.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1633
Although Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow was only a lower Heavenly Venerable, he was by no means an ordinary person.
Someone once said that each Heaven's Will had its own use and that there was no difference between them. If one could use their Heaven's Wills to their limits, then even a lower Empyrean would be able to fight against a upper Empyrean.
And vice versa. Some Mandates of Heaven were indeed powerful, but if used incorrectly, they wouldn't be very effective.
Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's Mandate of Heaven combined with his assassination techniques was actually very terrifying, but neither Absolute Concealment nor Shadow Dance were very effective. They were completely restrained by Luo Zheng's World Will. At this moment, he could only burn his essence blood to fight Luo Zheng!
But he didn't know that this was exactly what Luo Zheng hoped for the most!
In this world, Luo Zheng might not be the strongest at the moment, but in a close combat, it would be difficult to find a second opponent!
If Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow escaped, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him. But at this moment, Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow was obsessed with Luo Zheng and wouldn't give up until he killed him. This gave Luo Zheng a chance!
When Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's small essence blood sword condensed in his hand, he felt a figure flash in front of him. He knew that this kid was reaching for a yard after taking an inch. Did he really want to take him down? Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow couldn't take it anymore. He immediately laughed. "Come!"
Then, the small essence blood sword in his hand shook violently and was about to shoot out. At the same time, a blazing white light flashed under his feet, and he was about to teleport away …
But at this moment, Luo Zheng, who was rapidly approaching, flicked his finger lightly, and a rainbow-colored belt of light suddenly floated out. At the end of the belt of light was a shackle!
"Life Ending Shackle!"
Luo Zheng hadn't used this shackle since he obtained it.
According to Afo's explanation, the Life Ending Shackle was similar to the belt of light in the Immortal Mansion. Once locked, one could only escape by killing the other party. Otherwise, even a Heavenly Venerable couldn't escape!
However, ever since he ascended to the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng had never had the chance to use it.
Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow either. Opponents at the same level as him were rarely able to escape from him. But when facing an Empyrean, the situation was different. No matter which Empyrean faced Luo Zheng, as long as they fled, it would be impossible for Luo Zheng to catch up to them with his speed!
Now, the Life Ending Shackles would naturally come in handy!
"Shua!"
The ribbon of light broke free from Luo Zheng's hand at an extremely fast speed and swept towards Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow.
The speed at which the ribbons of light moved was also extremely fast. It simply exceeded the limit of the reaction of living creatures. Back when Luo Zheng was hiding in the immortal mansion, those Celestial Venerables were still quite a distance away from the immortal mansion, but they were also unable to avoid the ribbons of light, which was why they were caught in a desperate battle.
At this moment, Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow naturally couldn't react in time. One end of the light belt firmly bound him, while the other end naturally bound Luo Zheng!
The Life Ending Shackles bound the two of them together. As long as one of them was alive or dead, there was no possibility of escape!
Therefore, it was naturally impossible for Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow to escape with greater teleportation. Half of his body had already sunk into the ball of blazing white light. He originally thought that he could escape without a trace, but now he was forcibly pulled back by Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
At the same time, the Blood Essence Sword that Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow had shot out also shot towards Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng had long been on guard against this Blood Essence Sword. He fiercely swung the Heavy Sword of Da Qian, which turned into a brown sword arc and fiercely collided with the Blood Essence Sword!
It was unknown what kind of secret technique this Blood Essence Sword was. It was merely condensed from a ball of blood, but its strength was extremely frightening. Even the Heavy Sword of Da Qian couldn't break it. But under the effect of the powerful force, the Blood Essence Sword was sent flying hundreds of thousands of miles into the sky …
"This is …" Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow finally revealed a look of panic on his face.
He actually couldn't break free from this light belt that was binding him!
This Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical like a monster's, and that infinite strength made Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's hair stand on end. If Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow hadn't been bound, he wouldn't have been afraid at all. No matter how strong the power was, it was meaningless if it couldn't hit him.
But now the situation was different. Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow instantly understood this and his hair stood on end. The situation seemed to be much worse than he had imagined!
"Heh …"
Luo Zheng chuckled. His body tilted forward slightly, and he took advantage of the momentum to leap forward with the Heavy Sword of Da Qian in his hand, chopping down at Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's head!
"Whoosh ~"
When the Heavy Sword of Da Qian was swung, it could distort the surrounding space, forming a special feeling of heaviness!
It was equivalent to condensing a great world into a sword, and then this sword was falling down at high speed. How terrifying was the power it contained?
Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow didn't dare to take this sword head on. He suddenly transformed into a black shadow and stayed where he was, while he himself flew to the other side. When he transformed into a black shadow, the light belt of the Life Extinguishing Shackles didn't wrap around it. It was still bound to Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's body, so he couldn't pull away from Luo Zheng, let alone use this black shadow to confuse Luo Zheng!
However, he still managed to dodge Luo Zheng's vertical slash …
But how could Luo Zheng, who had completely bound Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow, let Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow casually dodge?
The sword didn't hit, but Luo Zheng had already guessed the path Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow would take to dodge. His left hand formed into a fist and fiercely punched out! Even if Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow was completely hidden in the shadows, Luo Zheng could easily catch him, let alone the belt of light behind him.
"Bang!"
A muffled sound rang out …
Heavenly Sovereign Umbra Shadow felt his insides churn. Not to mention his internal organs, even the sea of True Essence in his inner world was churning. Thousands of living beings within were suffering a terrifying calamity!
This punch sent Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow flying again, but the two of them were still connected by the belt of light. The belt of light was perfectly straight in the air and wouldn't break in the end!
Luo Zheng suddenly pulled the belt of light back, pulling Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow back!
"You!"
Although Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow was dizzy from Luo Zheng's punch, he forced himself to fight back the moment he was pulled back by Luo Zheng. If he were to take a few more punches, he would probably die here …
Just as Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow was pulled toward Luo Zheng, the small blood essence sword tens of thousands of miles high in the sky had already changed direction and shot toward Luo Zheng again!
"Whoosh!"
The small blood essence sword made a sharp sound in the air. Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He originally intended to slash at Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow with the Da Qian Heavy Sword, but he was forced to change direction and slash at the sky!
He had to deal with the small blood essence sword again, so Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow, who was pulled back, took another punch from Luo Zheng …
After Heavenly Venerables inherited the Mandate of Heaven, they were connected to the Heavenly Dao and could comprehend the secrets of the Heavenly Dao. Their bodies and souls could be cleansed over time, and they were much stronger than the Realm Master. However, he couldn't take this punch head-on. A clear dent appeared on his chest, and his body spun in the air like a spinning top before he was smashed away again by Luo Zheng …
Taking a punch from Luo Zheng was better than being killed by his heavy sword.
Therefore, Luo Zheng pulled the belt of light again and pulled Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow back, repeating the previous process.
The small blood essence sword met Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword, and Luo Zheng's fist met Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's body …
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"…"
Under the fierce punches, Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's elegant appearance became more and more unrecognizable.
It wasn't that Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow didn't think of counterattacking. Although he was good at assassination and was also proficient in close combat, how could he be Luo Zheng's opponent? When he counterattacked with a punch, Luo Zheng directly turned his hand and squeezed, and the bones in his arm instantly shattered into powder …
After a few rounds of resistance, Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow became a sandbag and was repeatedly beaten by Luo Zheng with terrifying and fatal strength!
After fifteen or sixteen punches in a row, the Life Extinguishing Shackles still didn't break. Although Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow was on the verge of death, his vitality was still so tenacious. Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. It really wasn't easy to kill a Heavenly Venerable!
Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's small blood essence sword and Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword collided repeatedly. In the end, it collapsed into a drop of blood essence and sprinkled down below …
Without the threat of the small blood essence sword, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He turned the Da Qian Heavy Sword around and pulled Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow back again. He was going to end this Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's life with a single strike!
But right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard an enormous crackling sound by his ears, and it was like a bolt from the blue.
"A sneak attack …"

Chapter 1634
"Rumble …"
As the most important building of the Yao Night clan, the Platform naturally had many defenses.
At the very least, it was very difficult to invade from the outside!
However, under the powerful force, Luo Zheng and Dark Shadow Sky Sovereign smashed into the thick limestone of the Platform!
The Platform of Bestowment was constructed from a type of extremely sturdy bluestone. The bluestone had been cut to be a hundred feet tall and a hundred feet wide. Every single bluestone had been specially crafted by the Yao Ye Clan, and there were divine runes carved into all six sides to make the bluestone even more sturdy!
Under such a force, Luo Zheng wasn't able to penetrate through the limestone. Instead, he created two large holes and was embedded into the limestone along with Dark Shadow Sky Sovereign!
Luo Zheng, who was lying in the hole, looked back and saw two women, one blue and one green, standing in the distance!
The two women were slim and well-proportioned, and their appearances were naturally beautiful. However, the temperament of the two women was completely different. The blue one had slightly higher cheekbones, but this slightly protruding cheekbones did not diminish her astonishing beauty. It only added a trace of fierceness and domineering color to her.
The green one was rather gentle, like a pretty girl from a humble family.
"Yao … Ying …"
Luo Zheng's eyes darkened. He didn't think that the two would be so fast!
Luo Zheng had experienced this before. Back then, Yao had almost been entangled by Luo Zheng's desperate battle. However, Broken Shadow Sky Sovereign, who had followed her, had died.
As for Ying … back then, she had participated in the Illusion Battlefield as Qing Yu. She had even used the power of the tenth level of the Law of Life as a sector lord, shocking all the Sky Sovereigns in the universe!
Back then, Luo Zheng hadn't viewed her as an enemy, but the Demi-Immortals had been on guard, and had removed her from the list of Dao Children. And now, because of the Soul-Sealing Needle, the two women were leading the Demonnight Clan down the path of cultivation.
Just now, Luo Zheng had almost killed Dark Shadow Sky Sovereign. Then, he could have joined forces with Dream God Arrow to turn the situation around and enter the Platform to destroy the Faith Pond.
He didn't think that at the most crucial moment, these two women would rush back. This was going to be troublesome.
Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow and Heavenly Venerable Extreme Flame were already troublesome enough for Luo Zheng and Dream God Arrow to deal with.
Dream God Arrow's mood was even worse than Luo Zheng's!
In the end, luck wasn't on his side. The interference of the two Demon Night Clan Celestial Venerables had slowed him down by a step. Once he was one step slower, he would be slower all the time. When he saw Ying and Yao appear, he immediately fell into despair!
However, neither the Dream God Arrow nor Luo Zheng chose to give up!
"Kill this Dark Shadow Heavenly Sovereign first!"
After Luo Zheng came to his senses, he took advantage of the situation and pulled hard. Heavenly Master Dark Shadow had suffered so many punches from Luo Zheng that there was not a single part of his body that was intact. He had no strength to fight back and was directly pulled out from the rubble by Luo Zheng …
But in the distance, Ying raised her head slightly. Her green eyes seemed to have flowers blooming and trees growing. A rich life force was released, transforming into a beam of green light that shot towards Darkshadow Empyrean. In an instant, it sank into Darkshadow Empyrean's body!
Ying's comprehension of the Life nomological laws was unparalleled in the universe. Even the previous Life Monarchs weren't qualified to compare with her. After all, she was the only one who didn't bear the Mandate of Heaven and had comprehended the tenth level of the Life nomological laws. In other words, she had comprehended the perfect Life nomological laws!
The Great Evolution Universe's Life nomological laws were comprehended by Luo Xiao. In other words, she had completely inherited Luo Xiao's understanding of the Life nomological laws!
When Heavenly Master Dark Shadow was pulled over by Luo Zheng, he was already on the verge of death. He looked like a dead man and was about to crash into Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword. However, when he was halfway through his flight, the vitality energy entered his body and the injuries all over his body started to heal rapidly.
The organs, bones, and tendons that had been smashed by Luo Zheng all started to rapidly heal.
However, Luo Zheng's treatment of Ying was too short. Heavenly Master Dark Shadow hadn't fully recovered and couldn't struggle. He could only watch as he was pulled over and slammed into Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword!
Pfft!
The Da Qian Heavy Sword pierced through Heavenly Master Dark Shadow's abdomen. The tip of the heavy sword even pierced through his spine and came out of his back!
"Twist!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He was about to tear Heavenly Master Dark Shadow's body to shreds!
Next, he would have to face the two monarchs of the Fiend Night clan. If he didn't kill Heavenly Master Dark Shadow, the Life-Severing Shackles wouldn't be broken. For Luo Zheng, the situation was extremely unfavorable. He wouldn't even be able to hide in his immortal residence … The Life-Severing Shackles were a powerful weapon for Luo Zheng to restrain his enemies, but it was mutual. When he released the Life-Severing Shackles, he was also locked in!
"Hehe …"
Not far away, Ying giggled and waved her slender, white fingers. "Life Link …"
As soon as she finished speaking, green light enveloped her body. The same green light also appeared on Heavenly Master Dark Shadow's body!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword pulled downwards and began to tear apart Heavenly Master Dark Shadow's body.
But at this moment, a strange scene occurred!
Under Luo Zheng's powerful attack, Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow's body was quickly torn into four or five pieces. His head, abdomen, and shoulders were all separated from each other …
However, Heavenly Master Dark Shadow's aura didn't weaken at all. Instead, it grew stronger and stronger.
Luo Zheng actually couldn't kill him!
Heavenly Master Dark Shadow's body, which had been torn into several pieces, looked very terrifying. However, as the green light on his body continued to flicker, small granulation sprouts quickly grew out from the broken parts of his body. They quickly joined together, like a puzzle, and quickly pieced together to form a complete Heavenly Master Dark Shadow.
"Hahaha, My King's Life Link is really powerful. As long as Ying doesn't die, I won't die either. Boy, good technique. What a pity …" Heavenly Master Dark Shadow sneered at Luo Zheng as he stood among the rubble. He naturally knew that he had almost died at Luo Zheng's hands today!
Ying's life link was one of the profundities of the tenth level of the Law of Life. She could choose anyone to link with, and during the process of linking, as long as Ying didn't die, the linked person would theoretically be an immortal existence!
However, there was a way to break the Life Link. After all, Ying's life force wasn't infinite. If Luo Zheng killed Heavenly Master Dark Shadow, then Heavenly Master Dark Shadow would continuously absorb Ying's life force …
However, Ying's life force could be constantly replenished through the Pond of Faith.
Therefore, the way to break the Life Link was back to square one. The most important thing was to destroy Ying's Pond of Faith!
This was troublesome …
Luo Zheng's heart began to sink. Although he knew that he would encounter trouble in the Yao Ye clan, he never thought that he would die here.
The shackles couldn't be opened and Heavenly Master Dark Shadow couldn't be killed. He still had to face Yao and Ying …
At this moment, Luo Zheng was once again in a life and death crisis!
"This is really unexpected. However, I still have to thank Heavenly Masters Dark Shadow and Absolute Fire! In the future, when the Sacred Race takes over this universe, I will definitely help the two Heavenly Masters ask for benefits from the Sacred Race! "Yao felt that she had complete control of the situation and couldn't help but feel proud.
When Dream God Arrow issued the King's Edict, Ying and Yao were very anxious and panicked!
They were very clear about their own weaknesses. Divine Arrow had hidden for so many years and wouldn't have any misgivings when he came out again. If he destroyed the Pond of Faith, the strength of the two women would immediately fall to the level of ordinary sector lords …
Therefore, they hurriedly rushed back as fast as they could.
They didn't expect that as soon as they returned, the two neutral Heavenly Masters would actually start fighting with Dream God Arrow and Luo Zheng. This was a huge surprise for the two women.
Of course, this made them happy. However, they didn't expect Heavenly Master Dark Shadow to be like a sandbag. He couldn't resist at all in front of Luo Zheng. This was too unbelievable …
Therefore, the two women decisively attacked Luo Zheng.
"No need to thank me. I only did it for myself," Heavenly Master Extreme Fire replied indifferently.
When Dream God Arrow saw Yao, his eyes narrowed. He held his bow in one hand and placed his other hand on his chest. The three Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrows were prepared for Yao …
As for Luo Zheng, countless thoughts were surging in his mind. This situation was like walking into a dead end. There seemed to be no way out!

Chapter 1635
When Luo Zheng was still a mere Divine Core warrior, he had already dared to speak so arrogantly to her.
At that time, Yao Yao knew that Luo Zheng was a man with extraordinary luck, but she never thought that he would be able to reach this stage!
If it wasn't for the two Heavenly Sovereigns stopping him, this young man would have broken into the Pond of Faith, and it would have been an unimaginable disaster for Yao Yao.
"And you … Luo Zheng …"
Yao Yao slowly walked closer to the Platform of Bestowing King, staring at Luo Zheng. The smile on her face was getting wider and wider, and her killing intent was getting more and more obvious. "I feel very sorry for letting you live for so long, but this is the end for you!"
Lying in the cave, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. With the help of the King of Life, it was almost impossible to kill Heavenly Sovereign Dark Shadow. Now, Yao Yao had to join the fight, and the King of Life was eyeing him like a tiger watching its prey …
Right at this moment, the Spirit Beast Pouch on Luo Zheng's back trembled slightly. When he returned to the Immortal Abode, he had once again brought the Ancestral Dragon with him.
At this moment, he narrowed his eyes, and a bold idea emerged in his mind!
In this desperate situation, it seemed like he had no other choice.
With that thought in mind, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted his strength, grabbing the light band of the Life Severing Shackles and pulling it towards himself.
With the help of the King of Life, Heavenly Sovereign Dark Shadow's body had fully recovered.
However, after being beaten up by Luo Zheng, he was still in a daze. He was waiting for Yao Yao to strike first, then he would cooperate with her to kill Luo Zheng.
But he didn't expect that Luo Zheng would pull him towards himself once again …
He couldn't resist the terrifying force coming from the other side of the shackles. He could only curse in his mind, and flew towards Luo Zheng!
* Rumble! *
Heavenly Sovereign Dark Shadow crashed into the other side of the Platform of Bestowing King!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was using the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable like a meteor hammer, constantly swinging it around in the cave. Wherever the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable passed by, the place was instantly turned into a mess. Countless cracks appeared on the bluestone on the Platform of Bestowment. Rocks and stone fragments rained down on Luo Zheng!
Taking advantage of this cover, Luo Zheng's Spirit Beast Pouch moved slightly, and something jumped out from it. At the same time, a soul shot out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows and disappeared into the crevice behind the bluestone!
Yao Yao looked at the billowing dust on the side of the platform and sneered, "You're already at this stage and you're still struggling!"
With that, she raised the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer in her hand …
"Boom!"
A thick bolt of lightning shot out from the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer and slammed into the cave!
All the rubble disappeared in an instant, leaving only Luo Zheng standing alone in the middle of it all …
The bolt of lightning targeted both Luo Zheng and the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable. The two of them took the brunt of the attack. Luo Zheng didn't have any changes after taking the attack, but the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable was completely charred.
However, Yao Yao didn't remove the "life link", so the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable wasn't in any danger. The burns caused by the lightning were quickly healing, but he did suffer a lot. He was a dignified Empyrean, yet he was being dragged around in Luo Zheng's hands like a meteor hammer, circling endlessly in the air. This situation was truly too miserable …
"Huff, huff, huff, huff …"
As Luo Zheng circled the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable above his head, he slowly floated up. He had already sent the key item into the platform, so he could only hold on for a moment. As for how long he could hold on, Luo Zheng didn't know.
At this moment, Luo Zheng glanced at the Dream God Arrow in the sky and nodded slightly. "Do it!"
He pulled the belt of light in his hand, and the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable swayed in the air and smashed toward Yao Yao!
At the same time …
The Dream God Arrow's figure slid to the side in the air. He reached out to his chest and pulled the Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow to the bowstring. His eyes flashed with golden light as he locked onto Yao Yao below him with the "Fixating Gaze" ability!
There was no hesitation on either side!
Seeing the Dream God Arrow attack, the flames in Heavenly Venerable Juehuo's hand fluttered, and a huge flame pattern began to spread in the sky. It was like an exquisite painting scroll unfurling, blocking the Dream God Arrow in the air.
"Whoosh …"
"Thousand Sect Fire Birds Burn the Sky!"
Countless fire birds swept out from the flame-like painting scroll and flew toward the Dream God Arrow!
At this moment, a lazy and calm smile appeared on Ying's face. She had no interest in the relationship between Yao Yao and Luo Zheng, but she couldn't disobey the order of the Soul Sealing Needle. This time, when Yao Yao returned to the Fiend Night Clan, she could only choose to return with her.
If it weren't for the Soul Sealing Needle, she wouldn't have helped Yao Yao at all. In comparison, Ying was more interested in Luo Zheng … Unfortunately, she and Luo Zheng were on different sides, so she could only attack Luo Zheng now!
She spread her hands slightly, and a ball of green light appeared in her hand. The green light condensed and quickly turned into a thin willow leaf. Ying grabbed the willow leaf and threw it toward Luo Zheng!
The willow leaf fluttered in the wind, drawing a crooked path in the air and sweeping toward Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Yao Yao saw Luo Zheng dragging the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable toward her. She took a step forward and her entire body was concealed by a bolt of lightning …
"Crackle!"
This bolt of lightning first shot up into the sky, avoiding the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable that Luo Zheng had thrown at her. Then, it took a strange turn and approached Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye!
Yao Yao maintained a very close distance with Luo Zheng. She floated in the air, half a body taller than Luo Zheng. Her proud chest puffed out as she looked down at Luo Zheng.
As soon as she finished speaking, she waved the flail in her hand. The round lightning hammer at the end of the flail emitted powerful lightning laws as it ruthlessly smashed down toward Luo Zheng's head!
"Go down!"
But at this moment, the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable was pulled back by Luo Zheng, blocking the hammer right above Luo Zheng's head!
"Bang!"
Accompanied by a deafening explosion, the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable took the full brunt of Yao Yao's hammer!
At this moment, the Dark Shadow Heavenly Venerable was on the verge of collapse …
Although the King of Life could protect his life, at this moment, he had completely become Luo Zheng's weapon. How could a dignified Heavenly Venerable like him endure this?
"Humph!"
Yao Yao's complexion didn't change at all. The Holy Thunder Chain Hammer spun in a circle and then smashed down at Luo Zheng once more!
Luo Zheng had nowhere to retreat to. He could only take Yao Yao's hammer head on. The Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand spun in a circle in the air, drawing a sharp sword arc as it chopped down at the chain hammer!
"Dang!"
Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Heavy Sword was an extremely condensed weapon. As for Yao Yao's Holy Thunder Chain Hammer, it was one of the strongest weapons in the universe. It was also not light!
When these two weapons collided, it was as if millions of mountains were crashing into each other. The collision force spread out, even disturbing the force field of the entire Xixia World. This massive Xixia World was like a giant ship in a storm, swaying back and forth!
Everyone could feel the ground shaking. This was not an earthquake in the ordinary sense. Rather, the entire great world began to sway, as if it would capsize at any moment.
"What a strong strength!"
A strange light flashed on Yao Yao's face.
The reason she had such a strong strength was because of the Pond of Faith.
Normally, when she drew power from the Pond of Faith, the water would at most ripple. Most of the time, she wouldn't even be able to cause a ripple. However, at this moment, the water in the Pond of Faith was churning non-stop …
Luo Zheng's strength was actually comparable to the Pond of Faith, which had been gathered for countless years by countless members of the Yao Ye Clan!
After Luo Zheng took a few steps back, he also felt very troubled. The lightning transmitted from the Holy Thunder Chain Hammer didn't injure Luo Zheng, but it still numbed his entire body!
His only advantage against Yao Yao was his strength. Therefore, after blocking the sword, he didn't stop at all. He endured the numbness and slashed at Yao Yao with his sword again!
However, before he could slash with his sword, an emerald green willow leaf silently floated towards Luo Zheng.
This willow leaf even touched Luo Zheng's Great Chiliocosm Sword. However, this light leaf didn't seem to exist in this world. It directly penetrated the Great Chiliocosm Sword and stuck to Luo Zheng's wrist. He couldn't dodge it at all!
The moment the willow leaf stuck to his wrist, Luo Zheng felt his right hand go limp. All his strength disappeared without a trace!
The Great Chiliocosm Sword in his hand was already extremely heavy. Even though the sword hilt was made with the Immeasurable Growth Stone, it still had the weight of half a Great Chiliocosm. How could Luo Zheng hold it at this moment?
Whoosh …
The Great Chiliocosm Sword slipped from Luo Zheng's hand and smashed down!
Seeing this, Yao Yao sneered and waved her hand heavily. Another hammer came down on Luo Zheng's head!
Bang!
This hammer hit Luo Zheng's chest directly. As a result, Luo Zheng and the Great Chiliocosm Sword fell down rapidly. The unlucky Heavenly Master Anying was also pulled down by Luo Zheng because of the Life Denying Shackles.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1636
Luo Zheng was smashed down like this, creating a huge pit in the ground. Even the Dark Shadow Celestial was dizzy from the fall.
The Great Thousand Sword continued to stab into the ground …
The giant square around the Platform of Bestowing Kingship was paved with a type of solid green corundum stone. But in front of the Great Thousand Sword, the green corundum stone was even softer than tofu. The Great Thousand Sword didn't even make a sound. It directly pierced through the floor and sank into the soil.
The soil of the Xixia World was even more unable to bear the weight of the Great Thousand Sword. The Great Thousand Sword continued to shuttle through the soil.
Not long after, the Great Thousand Sword pierced through the soft soil and drilled into the rock layer.
If it were an ordinary weapon, it would most likely be stuck in the rock layer. But the Great Thousand Sword was too heavy. The rock layer couldn't support the sword. It relied on its own weight to continue to shuttle through the ground …
Lying in the pit, Luo Zheng's face was full of depression.
In a battle with an Empyrean, strength really couldn't play a decisive role. It was too easy to be restrained by various methods.
At this moment, the willow leaf stuck to his right hand was so strange. It could actually completely absorb the strength in his arm. No matter how Luo Zheng urged the strength in his body, it was like an ox entering a sea of mud, disappearing without a trace …
His greatest reliance now was strength. But after his strength was sealed, how could he deal with the current situation?
"Hey, kid, now you've also suffered …" Not far away, the Dark Shadow Celestial slowly crawled up and stared at Luo Zheng with a cold smile. Seeing Luo Zheng suffer, the Dark Shadow Celestial felt slightly happy.
"The outcome is not decided yet!" Luo Zheng calmly replied.
But at this moment, Ying smiled sweetly in the air. She spread out her arms and waved them again. The pure green life force condensed, and several more willow leaves appeared. These willow leaves slid through the air in a crooked path, drifting towards Luo Zheng again!
"Again!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Now that one of his hands was sealed, he still had a chance to resist. If this thing were to stick to his entire body, he would be done for!
He abruptly flipped up from the ground, and the Law of Space began to flicker under his feet. However, just as Luo Zheng was about to use Greater Teleportation to leave this place, Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow saw this scene and suddenly flew in the opposite direction...
The two of them were bound together by the Life Extinguishing Shackles. As they pulled at each other, the belt of light of the Life Extinguishing Shackles suddenly became taut!
Although Empyrean Dark Shadow's strength was far inferior to Luo Zheng's, under this pull, Luo Zheng was unable to use greater teleportation. Most of his body had already disappeared into the blazing white light, but now he was forcefully pulled back!
"Bang bang!"
Thus, the two of them fell into the pit again.
Previously, it could be said that the Life Denying Shackles had caused Heavenly Sovereign Umbra Shadow to suffer greatly. Now, it had become Luo Zheng's shackles!
Heavenly Venerable Dark Shadow lay on the ground, still panting heavily, but the corners of his mouth curled up, showing that he was very pleased with himself.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The moment Luo Zheng fell, the four willow leaves once again stuck to Luo Zheng's left hand, legs, and abdomen.
The moment these willow leaves stuck to him, Luo Zheng immediately felt the power in those parts disappear without a trace!
Ying closed her legs and floated in the air, her beautiful eyes quietly staring at Luo Zheng.
She had once lost to Luo Zheng, and she had accepted it wholeheartedly. She even had a good impression of Luo Zheng, but now that she and Luo Zheng were on different sides, she could only do this...
"I'll leave it to you," Ying said lightly to Yao, then retreated to the side.
As the King of Life, Ying's cultivation technique was originally inclined towards support. She wasn't particularly good at fighting on the battlefield.
Yao smiled faintly, then shot down. She raised the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand and looked down at Luo Zheng with pity. "You've been struggling for too long, but a bug is still a bug. It's time to end this!"
After saying that, the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer emitted streaks of dazzling lightning, surrounding Yao and exploding continuously!
"Crackle …"
The streaks of lightning transformed into fine lightning balls, floating above the huge pit. Strands of lightning extended from each other and connected together.
"Bzzt bzzt bzzt bzzt …"
After all the lightning balls were connected together, they began to rotate slowly, forming a terrifying lightning vortex. Lightning as thick as a water tank exploded continuously within it!
When this lightning vortex began to rotate slowly, it formed a strong suction force, attracting the gravel and the pilgrim's corpses and bones, causing them to float up into the sky...
Any matter that came into contact with the lightning vortex would be instantly annihilated.
This vortex seemed to be brewing an unimaginable attack.
Seeing this, Heavenly Sage Dark Shadow's face turned pale. He immediately shouted, "Yao, I'm still down there!"
He and Luo Zheng were connected by the Life Denying Shackles, so he would definitely be affected by this attack. Yao wouldn't kill him as well, would she?
"I won't kill you," Ying said with a faint smile.
Although he had the King of Life's guarantee, Heavenly Sage Dark Shadow still had a long face. He was really unlucky today. He was destined to suffer such a calamity. Why did he have to suffer so much in order to kill this kid …
Deep in the sky, Dream God Arrow saw this scene and his old face was so gloomy that it could drip water.
No matter what, if Luo Zheng died, Xun's soul would also die. He probably wouldn't have a chance to reverse the situation in front of him anymore …
Luo Zheng's body was ridiculously strong, but what Yao used now was the Dongxuan Holy Lightning. That lightning vortex was brewing an attack that could kill even a Heavenly Sage!
"Fight!"
At this moment, he knew that he couldn't hesitate any longer. He flew down and directly drilled into the firebirds!
Under the burning flames, Dream God Arrow's body was instantly charred black. Although a Heavenly Sage's protective true essence was extremely strong, it still couldn't block Heavenly Sage Juehuo's divine ability!
Seeing Dream God Arrow's divine ability, Heavenly Sage Juehuo was stunned. "Has this old man gone crazy?"
The moment he passed through the firebird, Dream God Arrow finally found the opportunity to shoot this arrow. This Heavenly Sage let out a roar!
"Yao!"
The Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow that was already on the bowstring began to slowly burn!
On the arrowhead of this bone arrow, a blood-red flame lit up!
Hearing Dream God Arrow's words, Yao, who had been watching Luo Zheng, slightly raised her head. When her eyes met the Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow, her eyelids suddenly twitched.
This arrow …
The Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow emitted a power that caused her heart to palpitate!
"This old man!"
A fatal sense of danger arose in Yao's heart!
"Let Luo Zheng go! I won't kill you! "
Dream God Arrow pulled back the bowstring and stared at Luo Zheng as he spoke.
At this moment, he was staring at Yao. Theoretically speaking, there was no way Yao could dodge this arrow. She could only choose to take this arrow head on!
This Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow was refined from Dream God Arrow's own ribs.
The refining process was similar to burning one's blood essence. However, when ordinary martial artists burned their blood essence, they could greatly increase their strength in a short period of time. However, Dream God Arrow had used his own blood essence to create these bone arrows over a long period of time. The power of these bone arrows was even more terrifying!
Once this bone arrow hit its target, the blood-red flame on the arrowhead would escape into the target's body and use the target's blood as fuel to burn away!
However, the Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow was originally a part of Dream God Arrow's life force. Every time he shot an arrow, he would burn away a third of his life force. If he shot three arrows … he would directly die!
The price was simply too great.
However, if Luo Zheng died now, Dream God Arrow wouldn't be able to escape either. In comparison, this price was nothing.
"Heh …"
A cold smile appeared on Yao's face. Her face was so beautiful that it could make people fall into a trance.
"Determination alone isn't enough. Are you sure this arrow can kill me?"
Yao asked calmly. Her tone didn't show any signs of backing down.
"Won't you know if you try?"
Dream God Arrow replied. The golden light in his eyes grew brighter and brighter. As long as Yao made any strange movements, he would shoot this arrow without hesitation.
However, Yao didn't seem to care about Dream God Arrow's Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow …
The expression on her face became more and more relaxed. She smiled coldly. "I … I really want to try!"
After saying this, Yao didn't even look at Dream God Arrow. She continued to swing the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand. The lightning vortex spun faster and faster as the Dongxuan Holy Lightning continued to brew.
Seeing this, Dream God Arrow sighed. His face revealed a look of determination. In the end, he released the bowstring in his hand!

Chapter 1637
Xiu!
The Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow turned into a blood-red trail as it shot towards Yao!
Divine Arrow Empyrean's arrow could not be dodged. This arrow could follow to the ends of the earth …
Yao knew this, but she didn't dodge at all. Instead, she focused on brewing the Dongxuan Holy Lightning.
The Dongxuan Holy Lightning floating above Luo Zheng's head became more and more condensed. The aura it emitted also became more and more powerful. It was as if a Thunder God was about to be born.
Puff!
The Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow left behind a blood-red trail. It directly pierced through Yao's protective true essence and sank into her back …
"Swish …"
That blood-red flame followed the wound and drilled into Yao's body!
Blood Extinguishing was to burn all the blood in one's body. Spirit Devouring was to swallow the soul with fire.
Yao maintained her standing posture. Her entire body was stiff. From the outside, it seemed like nothing had changed. However, the blood-red flame continued to burn within her body …
Huff! Huff!
Yao Yao's chest area suddenly emitted a red light. The heart was the most concentrated part of a martial artist's body. When the blood flame burned there, the intensity of the fire became even stronger. It directly burned through her chest area. The blood red flame was like a blooming rose. It swayed non-stop at her chest area, swallowing and spitting out red light.
In addition, Yao's arms, thighs, and even her back were all burned by the blood-red flame …
However, she still held the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand. She maintained her posture and urged the Dongxuan Holy Lightning to descend. It was as if it wasn't her body that was being burned.
Dream God Arrow stared at Yao. His face was also filled with confusion.
Under the burning of the blood-red flame, it was as if all the blood in one's body would boil and disappear. However, Yao didn't show any signs of pain. This scene was beyond common sense!
Huff! Huff! Huff …
The blood-red flame burned more and more vigorously …
Not long after, Yao Yao's clothes, skin, and hair were all burned away. Only a charred skeleton was left standing on the spot. She was still holding the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer tightly in her hand.
However, the thunder vortex above Luo Zheng's head still didn't dissipate.
"This …"
Dream God Arrow's eyes widened in disbelief. "How could this be?!"
Hearing the Dream God Arrow's words, the scorched skeleton raised its head and cracked its jaw at the Dream God Arrow. "Kekekekeke …" The jaw made strange noises as if it was mocking the Dream God Arrow.
The Dream God Arrow felt his hair stand on end. He didn't know what had gone wrong.
It wasn't just Dream God Arrow. Even Luo Zheng, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow, and Heavenly Venerate Extreme Flame were astonished …
Soon, Luo Zheng's face showed a look of understanding. He had encountered this kind of thing before, so he naturally had a deep impression of it.
"It's nothing more than a replica." Right at that moment, Yao's voice slowly drifted over. Then, she, who was wearing a blue dress, floated over and stood beside the skeleton. She extended her hand and took the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer from the skeleton.
"It's Qingyu's ability," Luo Zheng said calmly in the pit.
This was the perfect Law of Life. Only those who had inherited the Mandate of Heaven had the qualifications to use it. However, Qingyu had comprehended it on her own.
Back in the Illusory Battlefield, Qingyu had used this ability to create many replicas of Luo Zheng. Those replicas of Luo Zheng were almost identical to Luo Zheng's original body. However, the replicas of Luo Zheng couldn't control the aura of chaos.
From this point alone, there was still a large gap between the replicas and the real Luo Zheng.
But now, the replicas of Yao didn't have any restrictions. In terms of ability, there was almost no difference!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yao glanced at him. "Smart. What a pity …"
After saying that, Yao raised her head and met the Dream God Arrow's eyes.
At that moment, the Dream God Arrow took out another Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow and nocked it on his bow, locking Yao within his shooting range.
"You're not going to admit defeat? You still want to try … "Yao smiled faintly." This arrow is indeed extraordinary. However, even if it's the Dream God Arrow, you still have to pay a considerable price, right? "
As long as this Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow hit its target, the blood flames within would be enough to kill an Empyrean!
However, everything in this universe was in a state of balance. Such a powerful arrow naturally had to pay an extremely high price.
Weng —
The bowstring was pulled taut once more. The second Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow was about to be released!
But at this moment, the Dream God Arrow hesitated …
The first Yao was a replica. Then what about the one in front of him?
If he shot the second arrow, it would burn away a third of his life force, leaving him with only the last Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow. If he shot the third arrow, then his life force would be completely burned away and he would perish …
"Die!"
The Dream God Arrow suddenly gritted his teeth. He raised his bow and released the Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow once more!
This time, he didn't shoot it at Yao. Instead, he shot it at Ying!
Whoosh!
The moment the second Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow was released, the Dream God Arrow aged once more. His aura became extremely weak, and all the hair on his body fell off. His eyes were dim and lifeless, and his body was waxy yellow and stinky. Filth that couldn't be cleaned leaked out from his pores.
This Empyrean had fallen into the Five Decay of the Sky.
The lifespan of an Empyrean was incomparably long. Although the Dream God Arrow was old, he still had tens of millions of years of lifespan remaining. But now, he had fallen into the Five Decay of the Sky …
The Five Decay of the Sky was a great limit that no living being in this universe could escape from. It was also because of this great limit that all living beings desperately tried to increase their cultivation, hoping that they would have an eternal lifespan …
It wasn't that the Dream God Arrow hadn't expected this result. It was just that he had no other choice!
When Ying saw the Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow fly towards her, a trace of surprise appeared on her face. However, her expression was abnormally relaxed.
As the King of Life of the Fiend Night Clan, she was probably the most difficult person to kill.
Using the Pond of Faith, she could provide an endless supply of powerful life force. As long as her connection with the Pond of Faith wasn't severed, she was practically an undying existence. This was the terrifying aspect of a King.
Thus, when the Dream God Arrow had decided to attack, he had brought Luo Zheng to the Xixia Realm in an attempt to destroy the Pond of Faith on the Platform of Bestowment.
"Pu!"
Ying didn't dodge either. She allowed the arrow to hit her chest.
When the arrow hit her chest, the blood flame burned madly along with her blood. However, Ying pulled out the bone arrow in an instant. She stretched out her hand and touched her wound slightly. A blood-red vine grew out from the wound!
This blood-colored vine was nourished by Ying's own blood. Her blood flowed through the vine, and the blood flame burned with her blood as fuel.
When Ying's blood flowed along the blood-colored vine, the blood flame was attracted to the blood-colored vine and started to burn along the vine …
Huff … Huff … Huff …
When the blood flame burned the upper half of the vine, Ying reached out and touched it lightly. The vine suddenly broke and fell down.
After the blood in the vine was burned away, the blood flame was extinguished in an instant …
Ying's lively face had a faint smile on it. She nodded slightly at the Dream God Arrow. She didn't mind the Dream God Arrow's arrow at all.
A deep sense of powerlessness filled the Dream God Arrow's heart.
The two arrows that he shot out had aged his body, but now, his mental state was rapidly aging as well …
If Heavenly Venerate Juehuo wanted to kill him now, he probably wouldn't be able to resist at all.
The resistance he had been brewing for so many years now looked like a joke.
However, Heavenly Venerate Juehuo didn't make a move. Yao's attention was no longer on him. In their eyes, after shooting those two arrows, the Dream God Arrow was like a tiger without its teeth. He had lost the ability to threaten them.
Yao sensed that the Dongxuan Sacred Lightning was almost fully condensed. She smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "It's time to send you on your way."
These Dao Children all had heaven-defying luck. This luck was specially given to them by the universe, so Yao didn't relax in the slightest.

Chapter 1638
Luo Zheng's power was sealed, and his body was bound by the Life Extinguishing Shackles. At this moment, he had no way to escape.
Looking at the condensed lightning above his head, his expression slowly calmed down. There was even a faint smile in his eyes.
Yao noticed Luo Zheng's expression. She stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "What are you smiling at?"
Luo Zheng blinked, and his smile became more and more unbridled. "You're about to send me to hell. Am I not allowed to smile?"
Yao smiled coldly and didn't say anything else. She reached out and made a few mysterious hand signs in the air. A blue rune broke in her hand, and a stream of light escaped into the vortex. Then she looked down at Luo Zheng in the big pit and said, "I hope you can still smile in the underworld."
"Zizizi …"
The lightning vortex that had been condensing for a long time began to condense into thick lightning snakes.
The surface of these lightning snakes was engraved with exaggerated patterns. They were entangled with each other and constantly wriggled!
While each lightning snake was wriggling, they stared at Luo Zheng with hungry eyes. It seemed that they regarded Luo Zheng as their food. At this moment, these lightning snakes were bound in the vortex and couldn't leave …
But when Yao shot out that blue stream of light, the lightning vortex began to slowly dissipate and disintegrate. At this moment, the lightning snakes were freed.
"Zizizi …"
After being freed, they all swooped down at the same time. Countless lightning arcs kept whipping in the air, making unbearable sounds!
Yao looked at this scene indifferently, and calmly looked at Luo Zheng below. It was an honor for this guy to die under the Dongxuan Holy Thunder.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng looked at Yao, and the corner of his mouth cracked open, revealing a bright smile. At the same time, his lips moved slightly …
His voice was very soft. Even without the interference of the lightning arcs, one might not be able to hear it clearly. However, Yao knew how to read lips. The moment Luo Zheng opened his mouth, she had already read the content from Luo Zheng's mouth.
"Can you kill me?"
Yao interpreted Luo Zheng's words. She frowned slightly, and a puzzled expression appeared on her face …
Was this guy stupid?
Yao Yao was very clear about the power of the Dongxuan Holy Thunder. No one in the universe could resist it head-on.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, even the four Upper Celestial Venerables of the Great Evolution Universe would not be able to take the Dongxuan Sacred Thunder head-on. Whoever dared to take it head-on would have their body completely annihilated by the Dongxuan Sacred Thunder.
However, while the Dongxuan Holy Lightning was terrifying, it had a fatal problem. It took too long to cast.
When Empyreans exchanged blows, many killing moves were often completed in an instant!
A single breath of time might seem extremely short to an ordinary person, but to an Empyrean, it was enough for them to flee tens of thousands of miles away.
The Dongxuan Sacred Lightning had been brewing for almost half an hour.
It was very difficult to use it in actual combat.
Before him, Luo Zheng's strength was restricted, and he was also bound by the Life Extinguishing Shackles. He was a criminal on death row, waiting for Yao's judgment.
That was why Yao Yao had the opportunity to use the Dongxuan Holy Lightning.
Yao Yao did not expect that Luo Zheng would say such a thing at the last moment. This made her very confused.
However, when those thick Dongxuan Thunder Snakes rushed toward Luo Zheng, she felt relieved …
Luo Zheng wanted to leave her with a knot in her heart before he died. She did not need to think too much about it.
After killing this kid, Empyrean Divine Arrow would not be able to cause any trouble. The crisis within the Demon Night Clan would be completely resolved. She would lead the Demon Night Clan to its own path!
"Huala …"
The moment those lightning snakes poured onto Luo Zheng, a dazzling light bloomed, illuminating the entire King-Conferring Platform as if it were daytime …
If the living beings within a thousand miles were to open their eyes and look up, the intense light would instantly blind them.
All living creatures within ten thousand miles felt as if the world had suddenly lost its unique color. Everything turned snowy white, and they could not see any details.
All living creatures within a hundred thousand miles and a million miles saw an intense ball of light explode in half the sky. An enormous burst of power exploded over the horizon …
Even the living creatures on the stars in the deep sky hundreds of millions of miles away from the Xixia Realm were astonished when they looked down. They saw a certain great realm down below suddenly emit a dazzling light. This light was even brighter than the stars in the deep sky!
In the instant that those lightning snakes swooped down, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow, who was not far away from Luo Zheng, had already turned ashen. Although Ying had used the life-link, being baptized by these lightning snakes was most likely the most profound experience he had ever experienced in his long life.
Luo Zheng bathed in this lightning and sat down cross-legged with his eyes tightly closed.
His physical body was indeed powerful, but the power of Yao Yao's Dongxuan Holy Lightning was too absurd. It was too much for him to use his physical body to withstand it.
However, Luo Zheng was currently in the Xixia Realm, an area covered by the will of the realm. Luo Zheng could use another ability.
"Power transfer …"
As the will of the realm continued to expand, it would occupy a new great realm every once in a while.
At present, the will of the realm covered the territories of the demon race, the monster night clan, and many other smaller races. It rarely touched human territory, but still covered dozens of the Human Alliance's great realms!
These great realms were all occupied by the Sacred Beast Clan.
Luo Zheng's goal was to save the Great Yan Realm. If he used his power as he pleased, it would be a form of damage to the realm itself.
When Luo Zheng had been in the lower realms, he'd once destroyed all the mountain ranges in an entire realm.
Unless he had no other choice, Luo Zheng wouldn't use it so easily.
Luo Zheng had chosen one of the Human Alliance's great realms, one that had already been occupied by the Sacred Beast Clan …
"Boom!"
As soon as Luo Zheng used his power to transfer, the lightning snakes came crashing down.
His entire body was enveloped by what appeared to be corporeal lightning. All the lightning drilled into his body with all its might, tearing at his flesh.
However, no matter how powerful the power was, Luo Zheng remained motionless as he sat within it. He absorbed all the lightning as though he was a bottomless pit.
The lightning had already been transferred to the great realm by Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng, who was being baptized by the lightning, had a sliver of understanding at that moment.
Due to the will of the realm, he could transfer his power. Then, the willow leaf that bound him probably had the same effect? It allowed him to transfer his power elsewhere through the willow leaf.
At that moment, Luo Zheng remained motionless, completely unharmed. However, the situation in another great realm was completely different …
In the Skywolf world that was three thousand great realms away from the Xixia Realm, an unprecedented disaster was happening.
After the Sacred Beast Clan warriors invaded the universe, they would face all sorts of natural disasters every few days. In order to resist the malice in the Great Yan Universe, they were constantly extremely careful …
After occupying a great realm, they would try their best to shrink their forces. Then, they would use whatever materials they could find to create all sorts of arrays and barriers.
This way, it was not too much of a problem to deal with ordinary heavenly lightning and earthly fire …
But today, lightning bolts as thick as water buckets suddenly appeared in the Skywolf world!
"What kind of lightning is that!?"
A Sacred Beast Clan warrior looked into the sky and shouted. The light that erupted in the sky had alarmed the Sacred Beast Clan warriors stationed there.
Three Realm Lords looked up into the sky at the same time. When they saw the lightning snakes, they immediately revealed looks of horror.
"This is not heavenly lightning! This is an attack from a Heavenly Venerate! "
"Quick, inform our Sacred Beast Clan's Heavenly Venerates!"
"That's impossible! Our Sacred Beast Clan's Heavenly Venerates have already headed to the Sunflower Water world. The humans would not dare to split their forces to attack this place at this time! "
The Skywolf world's warriors were in complete chaos at that moment.
While they were in a state of chaos, the lightning snakes as thick as water buckets had already swept over …
All the lightning rampaged aimlessly across the land. The rumbling lightning plowed through the entire sacred land. The tenth-grade sacred land occupied by the Sacred Beast Clan was extremely vast, but the lightning snakes only took a few seconds to destroy it. Finally, they left behind a scene of devastation as well as the mangled corpses of countless Sacred Beast warriors.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1639
Luo Zheng's transfer of the Dongxuan Holy Lightning nearly destroyed twenty to thirty percent of the Skywolf world. All the Sacred Ones stationed there were wiped out.
The Dongxuan Holy Lightning shimmered like mercury as it constantly poured down on Luo Zheng's body. As for Luo Zheng, it was constantly transferred to the Skywolf world …
The lightning vortex floating above Luo Zheng's head had already vanished. The lightning snakes formed a gigantic ball of lightning that enveloped Luo Zheng. However, the ball of lightning was rapidly shrinking as the light it emitted gradually dimmed.
The entire process lasted nearly thirty seconds …
When all the light vanished, a gigantic crater that was a hundred thousand feet deep formed beneath Yao's feet. Even if a mountain was thrown in, it would not be enough to fill the crater.
"It's over …"
Yao slowly walked over and stood at the edge of the crater as she looked down. Her pupils suddenly constricted as her expression changed!
"This fellow …"
Luo Zheng remained seated cross-legged with his eyes tightly shut. His entire body was spotless. Even his robes remained intact.
Yao Yao had been a little worried before.
Whether it was her or the Sacred Race, they both understood the mission of these Dao Children. They were born in the universe and shouldered the responsibility of saving the universe. They were the final battle of the universe's master, and such characters couldn't be casually killed.
After Ying released the Myriad Fold Willow Leaf to seal Luo Zheng, she immediately conjured the Dongxuan Holy Lightning.
The Dongxuan Holy Lightning was one of Yao's best divine powers …
However, it was unable to deal any damage to the punk. Yao suddenly realized that the situation had become complicated.
Upon seeing Yao's expression, Ying revealed a look of puzzlement. Her figure flashed slightly as she appeared above the crater. She glanced over and revealed a look of surprise. "He's not dead? Furthermore, his robes are undamaged? What kind of artifact is his robes? "
Upon hearing this, Heavenly Venerable Juehuo and Dream God Arrow were similarly astonished …
This was especially true for the Dream God Arrow. His originally dim eyes now shone with the light of hope.
There was no hope for the Dream God Arrow now. The two Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrows didn't do anything. He had burned two-thirds of his life for nothing. Now, Luo Zheng was bound and baptized by the Dongxuan Holy Thunder.
Even so, Luo Zheng was still alive. Had this brat really reached the Immortal Realm?
They moved to the top of the huge pit and looked down at Luo Zheng. They couldn't believe what they saw …
Luo Zheng blinked and opened his eyes again. When he met Yao's gaze, he just smiled and jumped up from the pit. He was still dragging Heavenly Sage Anying.
At this moment, Dark Shadow Celestial Sovereign's situation was even worse. The Dongxuan Holy Lightning had almost completely melted every bone in Dark Shadow Celestial Sovereign's body. It was only by relying on Ying's life link that he was able to hold on until now. He only had a single breath left …
Luo Zheng naturally had his reasons for daring to go to the Great Realm where the Yao Night Clan resided.
With such a heavy responsibility on his shoulders, if he wasn't completely confident, he wouldn't take such a risk!
Within the range of the Great Realm's World Will, Luo Zheng could use his strength to move. He could be considered immortal …
However, the might of a Heavenly Sage's attack was just too astounding. When Yao's Dongxuan Holy Lightning struck, it destroyed about twenty to thirty percent of the Skywolf World's surface. If a few such attacks were enough to destroy all life in a Great Realm, it would be a form of damage to the Great Evolution Realm. This was naturally not what Luo Zheng wished for.
Unfortunately, he and the Dream God Arrow had failed. Now, against Yao and Ying, he could only temporarily sacrifice some Great Realms. At the very least, he could kill some Sacred Race experts while sacrificing himself.
"I don't believe it!"
Yao suddenly shook her head. She felt a strong sense of defeat when she saw the unharmed Luo Zheng!
She leaped up from the edge of the pit and ran towards Luo Zheng!
As she ran, she brandished the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer in her hand like a windmill. The heavy Lightning Chainhammer drew a series of hammer shadows in the air as it smashed down at Luo Zheng!
Against this hammer, Luo Zheng only pointed his finger!
His strength had been sealed, so his finger was extremely light. Even ordinary mortals would not be able to kill him …
"Dong!"
The moment his finger made contact with the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer, he blocked it in front of him!
Immense strength surged through Luo Zheng's finger, but it was completely diverted by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng sat firmly on the ground and did not even move an inch …
"Phew!"
A sharp glint flashed in Yao's eyes. She pulled the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer back and swung it at Luo Zheng once again!
"Dong!"
Luo Zheng only pointed his finger gently as he once again blocked the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer in front of him.
The glint in Yao's eyes intensified as she brandished the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer faster and faster. However, the shock in her heart only intensified!
Not only was every one of her attacks blocked by Luo Zheng, but even if someone could really block this hammer, it was impossible for there not to be any ripples. This could only mean one thing — her strength had been completely absorbed by Luo Zheng!
Yao was not the only one who was shocked. Ying, who was not far away, as well as Heavenly Venerable Juehuo and Dream God Arrow high in the sky, were also staring at Luo Zheng in disbelief.
The strength of the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer could not be completely neutralized. According to common sense, even if Luo Zheng forcefully blocked this hammer, the tremendous strength and Lightning Elemental Law would cause the ground beneath his feet to collapse, creating another pit.
However, the scene before their eyes was beyond common sense. It was beyond the comprehension of these Heavenly Venerables.
Their judgment was the same as Luo Zheng's. It seemed that Yao's attack had been completely absorbed by Luo Zheng.
In the countless years that these Heavenly Venerables had lived, they had never seen such an ability before. In this cycle of the Heavenly Dao, there had never been such a terrifying Mandate of Heaven!
Moreover, Luo Zheng had not inherited the Mandate of Heaven. He was only a World Lord. Although he was a Dao Child, he had yet to condense a divine spark. The supernatural ability that Luo Zheng displayed was already incomprehensible.
In their hearts, Luo Zheng had risen from a freak to an incomprehensible fellow …
Yao continued to smash her hammer over a hundred times. As for Luo Zheng, he only pointed out a finger at the appropriate time. Sometimes, he didn't even use a finger, allowing the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer to smash his head, shoulders, and back …
She felt as if every strike of her hammer was hitting cotton wool. The surging strength instantly disappeared without a trace. Luo Zheng had not been injured at all, completely ignoring her attacks.
And in another great world occupied by the Sacred Race, the Sacred Race martial artists were suffering an unexpected calamity. Invisible forces exploded, and the Sacred Race World Lords suffered heavy blows. At the same time, they were accompanied by a terrifying power of thunder. For a time, the Sacred Race martial artists in that great world suffered tragic casualties!
The weight of the Sacred Lightning Chainhammer was also extremely terrifying. After overusing her strength, she finally stopped. She gasped for breath, her chest heaving up and down … her beautiful eyes revealed a helpless expression.
At this moment, Yao was indeed feeling helpless. She had finally caught Luo Zheng with great difficulty. This boy didn't have the strength to fight back, nor did he have the ability to escape. However, she couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. This scene even made her feel that it was funny. How could such a thing happen in the world?
"Let me try …"
At this moment, Ying floated down and floated in front of Luo Zheng. Her gentle eyes stared at Luo Zheng and smiled, "If I'm not wrong, you seem to have the same sacred art as my Ten Thousand Fold Willow Leaf?"
The willow leaves that sealed Luo Zheng's strength were a type of plant that Ying had created herself.
The Ten Thousand Fold Willow Leaf could absorb any energy, and then through an inconceivable link, transmit this energy to the Ten Thousand Fold Willow Tree's trunk. Ying had planted tens of millions of Ten Thousand Fold Willow Trees in a certain corner of the universe.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng used his strength, it would be absorbed cleanly by all the Ten Thousand Fold Willow Trees …
Hearing Ying's words, Luo Zheng smiled, "Perhaps it's the same sacred art."
Luo Zheng also had this conjecture. However, the Ten Thousand Fold Willow Leaf could only absorb the energy to those tree trunks, and all the Ten Thousand Fold Willow Trees had an upper limit. If that upper limit was broken, all the Ten Thousand Fold Willow Trees would be stuffed to death!
As for Luo Zheng's "Power Transfer", any place that was covered by the world's will could be transferred away. From this point of view, Luo Zheng's Power Transfer was countless times more powerful than Ying's method!
Ying didn't continue to ask. The green light in her eyes flashed, and with a light tap of her hand, a green ripple spread over Luo Zheng's body.

Chapter 1640
After completely wrapping Luo Zheng, only his head was left outside.
Those golden vines were called "Bone Melting Vines". Once entangled, they could continuously absorb the opponent's life force until their prey was sucked into a dried corpse.
Just now, Luo Zheng had even withstood the Dongxuan Holy Thunder. Ying, who was not good at fighting, naturally would not use brute force to break Luo Zheng's magical power!
If these "Bone Melting Vines" were really effective and completely absorbed Luo Zheng's life force, they would naturally achieve their goal of killing Luo Zheng.
"Sorry." Ying stared at Luo Zheng and smiled sweetly.
She was not a person who liked to kill, and she was not interested in Yao's ambition. Unfortunately, she had no choice but to kill Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all, but in the next moment, he suddenly felt a strange power emitting from the vines. The vines seemed to be covered with countless small vortexes, and they began to absorb life force …
After a while, little green dots began to flow along the vines!
These Bone Melting Vines could actually absorb life force …
"It's effective." Ying smiled faintly.
"Not bad." Yao nodded and praised. She did not expect that she would still have to rely on Ying to solve the goal that she could not achieve even after exhausting all her strength.
Who knew that Ying would just glance at Yao indifferently and ignore her.
Although the Soul Sealing Needle made her choose to stand on the same side as Yao, she did not like Yao after all, so her reaction was naturally very cold.
The Bone Melting Vines continued to absorb life force, and those vines grew more and more plump. Seeing this scene, Ying reached out and gently pointed. One of the vines lifted up like a snake and drilled into Ying's hand.
That green life force was continuously transmitted from Luo Zheng's body to Ying's hand.
Ying liked this green life force very much.
From the moment a life was born, it was a small ball of life force. This life force constantly condensed the matter of this world, turning into the most primitive form, and began to absorb all kinds of nutrients, constantly growing, and this life force would become a real life …
After a while, more and more life force condensed in Ying's hand, and soon, a ball of green light appeared.
"Huh?"
Ying stared at the green light with a strange expression on her face.
This ball of green light was a complete life force. In other words, the life force condensed within this ball of light came from the same life form!
If Ruo Ying had already extracted all of Luo Zheng's life force, it would form this ball of green light. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's complexion did not change at all …
At first, Ying thought that Luo Zheng's life force was very strong, and she would not be able to extract it all in a short time. But now, she realized that something was wrong. This … was not Luo Zheng's life force!
Could it be that there were other lifeforms in this brat's body?
Thinking of this, Ying urged the "Bone Melting Vine" to continue extracting …
After about ten breaths of time, a complete ball of life force appeared in Ying's hand again. Two balls of green light circled around her white and tender palms, slowly pulsating.
When Ying saw this, she pouted …
He continued to draw …
An incense stick's worth of time passed …
In Ying's hands, there were already more than forty dancing green balls of light!
Even Yao Yao could sense that something was amiss. "What's going on?"
Ying furrowed her brows and fell into confusion again.
She was clearly absorbing life force from Luo Zheng's body. However, there were already more than forty complete balls of light. Could it be that there were more than forty independent lifeforms hidden in Luo Zheng's body? Or could it be that this brat had more than forty lives …
And these balls of light were all very strong. They were at least sector lord level lifeforms that had such strong life force!
She was holding the lives of more than forty sector lords in her hands!
Among the three kings, Ying was the smartest. However, at this moment, she was completely confused.
If Luo Zheng's god art was the same as her ten thousand fold willow leaf, it could absorb all kinds of energy. However, right now, she was not releasing any form of energy. Instead, she was extracting life force …
Ying naturally did not expect that Luo Zheng's "energy transfer" could transfer the absorption method of the "Bone Melting Vine" to other big worlds.
Hence, in the big worlds covered by the world will, a portion of the sacred clan warriors became scapegoats again …
The sacred clan warriors were horrified to discover that their companions had unknowingly turned into dried corpses. There were no wounds on their bodies. Their life force had been sucked clean! And such a strange thing only happened to sector lords!
After a period of time …
There were already more than eighty green balls of light in Ying's hand. At this moment, she looked at Luo Zheng speechlessly. Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face. He did not look like his life force was declining at all.
At this moment, Ying finally understood that her method did not have any effect on Luo Zheng.
The depressed Ying did not waste the life force she had absorbed. After processing it, she directly poured it into the dying Dark Shadow Sky Sage …
"Let me try …"
Heavenly Sage Juehuo also descended from the sky, leaving Dream God Arrow alone above. At this stage, their battle was meaningless. Out of curiosity, Heavenly Sage Juehuo volunteered himself.
In the beginning, Heavenly Sage Juehuo had thought that Luo Zheng was easy to deal with. That was why he had left Luo Zheng to Heavenly Sage Juehuo. Who would have thought that such a strange thing would happen to this brat?
Thus, Heavenly Sage Juehuo, Ying, Yao … and the recovered Heavenly Sage Juehuo also joined in.
As for Dream God Arrow, he floated alone in the sky. He seemed to have become an outsider. He did not know what to say about the scene in front of him. It was no wonder that the Demi-Immortal Clan valued Luo Zheng so much. Since this fellow had such a remarkable ability, in the future, this brat would be able to protect the universe from destruction!
The two kings and two Heavenly Sages of the Demon Night Clan used all sorts of methods, but in the end, they failed.
In the end, Yao chose to give up. She helplessly shook her head. "Let me activate the Eternal Night Punishment and seal him into the eternal night …"
The Eternal Night Punishment was the cruelest punishment of the Demon Night Clan. It was also an extremely powerful sealing method.
So far, only a few dozen people in the Demon Night Clan had been subjected to the Eternal Night Punishment. Using the Eternal Night Punishment required a considerable amount of faith power. Even for the King of Punishment, the price was quite high. Thus, under normal circumstances, Yao was unwilling to use the punishment.
Not killing Luo Zheng would be a great disaster. Even if she sealed Luo Zheng into the eternal night, it would not be done once and for all. Yao had no other choice.
Yao once again arrived in front of Luo Zheng. Facing this stubborn monster, she felt a headache coming on. "It's a pity that you won't cooperate with me and die. I can only let you enjoy the strongest punishment of the Demon Night Clan!"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. While he was being beaten, he was also using the will of the world to investigate the situation inside the Platform of Bestowment. At this moment, a faint smile appeared on his face. "You didn't notice anything?"
When Yao heard this, she ignored Luo Zheng. Right now, she only wanted to seal Luo Zheng into the eternal night.
Punishment was what Yao was best at. Killing people was what Yao should do …
But just as Yao began to gather faith power, she frowned slightly. She was actually unable to gather faith power!
At the same time, Ying's expression changed greatly. She seemed to have noticed the problem as well. Both of them could see a trace of panic in each other's eyes. The two women simultaneously looked towards the Platform of Bestowment!
"Rumble …"
The earth began to tremble violently.
The Platform of Bestowment also began to tremble. Soon, huge cracks appeared on its surface. It actually looked as if it was about to collapse!
"What happened?" Dream God's Arrow stared fixedly at the Platform of Bestowment.
This Platform of Bestowment was probably one of the sturdiest structures in the Great Yan Universe. Even a Celestial Venerable would not be able to force his way in. When Luo Zheng fell earlier, he only managed to create a large crater on the surface of the Platform of Bestowment.
At this moment, the Platform of Bestowment was shaking. It was actually able to cause the entire Platform of Bestowment to shatter. Just what had happened?
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the Platform of Bestowment actually exploded from the middle. This Platform of Bestowment with a long history was now completely destroyed.

Chapter 1641
That enormous body was that of an adult True Dragon!
A pair of yellow horns protruded from the True Dragon's head like awls, and a pair of demonic red eyes exuded a Dragon's Might that spread out like a raging wave, causing one to involuntarily feel a sense of awe and veneration.
Dark green dragon scales were arranged closely together, forming a tight layer of dragon armor that enveloped the True Dragon's enormous body. Under the refraction of the sunlight, it emitted a dreamy luster.
To determine the potential and grade of a True Phoenix, one relied on the number of feathers on the Phoenix's tail. But to determine the potential and grade of a True Dragon, one looked at the True Dragon's claws!
Ordinary True Dragons generally had three claws, and the stronger ones had four claws. In the True Dragon Realm, the strongest True Dragons had five claws!
In the entire True Dragon Realm, there were only two True Dragons with five claws. One of them was the eldest of the nine brothers and was once the strongest existence in the True Dragon Realm, the Five Claws Golden Dragon. The other was the Five Claws Black Dragon!
As for the Evil Dragon captured by the Demi-Immortal Tribe, it was the third True Dragon with five claws!
And this dark green True Dragon had six claws!
"Roar!"
The True Dragon soared into the sky, raised its head, and roared!
With a dragon's roar, the winds and clouds of the entire Xixia World changed. The tremendous roar constantly reverberated throughout the great world. The weak creatures couldn't help but feel a sense of submission in their hearts. As for the low-level vicious beasts, they trembled in their own caves!
This was the suppression of natural instincts. Weak creatures were born with a sense of awe and veneration towards powerful creatures. This instinct was accumulated bit by bit through generations of evolution, passed down time after time!
Even the Celestial Venerables present, as well as the two Kings, felt their hearts tremble when they heard this dragon roar!
"Huff huff …"
The enormous True Dragon circled in the air once, then curled up on the Platform of Bestowing Kingship. At the same time, it lowered its enormous dragon head.
The woman on the dragon's head fell downwards. When she was halfway down, she rolled a full circle. Her legs gently stepped on the ground, and she landed firmly in the pit. Her movements were as light as a swallow returning to its nest …
At this moment, Yao, Ying, and Celestial Venerable Juehuo were also nearby. Celestial Venerable Shadow was also bound to Luo Zheng by the Life Extinguishing Shackles. However, the woman ignored them and walked towards Luo Zheng!
Seeing the woman walking towards him, Luo Zheng called out softly, "Smoky Smoky."
This woman gave Luo Zheng a strong feeling of unfamiliarity. She was as pure as a newborn baby. Her entire body exuded a perfect aura, giving people a feeling of unreality.
But no matter how she looked at it, she was exactly the same as Kaori. She was Kaori.
It was normal for Luo Zheng to feel unfamiliar with her. After all, ever since Xun had accompanied him, she had always appeared in the form of a floating soul. Even if she was a sword spirit, she was still illusory.
Therefore, in Luo Zheng's impression, Smoky Smoky should be like this.
Now that Smoky Smoky had a brand-new body, Luo Zheng felt that she was a stranger …
As soon as he finished speaking, Smoky quickened her pace and rushed forward. She hugged Luo Zheng, who was sitting cross-legged on the ground, and pulled his head deep into her embrace.
Luo Zheng did not struggle, nor did he speak. He buried his head deep into her chest and felt a firm touch on his face. Although Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with her aura, a long-lost sense of peace rose in his heart. It was as if all the troubles and disputes in the world were gradually leaving him at this moment, and all the responsibilities and burdens had disappeared from his shoulders.
Xun, who was holding Luo Zheng in her arms, looked at Yao who was not far away. A murderous aura slowly swirled in her mesmerizing eyes. She opened her mouth and said, "This day has finally come … Bitch."
The muscles all over her body were extremely tight. She was like a statue, standing there motionlessly.
Yao Yao stared at Smoky with her teeth tightly clenched together. This was the only way to conceal the earth-shattering shock in her heart!
How could this be?!
Even if this brat Luo Zheng possessed remarkable abilities and was unable to kill him, it was not a big deal.
After sealing Luo Zheng with the Eternal Night Punishment, he would hand him over to the Sacred Race to be dealt with.
As for the Dream God Arrow, he had already lost all will to fight. A Heavenly Venerable who had fallen into Heaven's Decay had no value at all. He could easily kill him …
Everything was under Yao's control. Even Heavenly Venerate Juehuo and Heavenly Venerate Anying, who had always maintained a neutral stance, were helping him. It was as if the heavens were helping him!
Why was there such a huge reversal in such a short time?
Why would such a huge True Dragon appear? And why was it a Six-Clawed True Dragon? Wasn't Five Claws the strongest of the Dragon Clan …
Why was Xun, who had disappeared for so long, standing in front of him in such a form?
Why did the power of faith in her Faith Pool completely disappear in an instant …
Countless doubts were like sharp arrows that could not be avoided, riddling her state of mind with thousands of holes.
Just a moment ago, she felt that she was in control of everything. But in the next moment, she discovered that she was only in control of a crumbling building. In the blink of an eye, the building had collapsed.
Under extreme disappointment, Yao Yao lost all reason and almost went crazy. She suddenly turned into a bolt of lightning and rushed towards Smoky!
"Spear," Smoky whispered to Luo Zheng in her arms.
Then, she pulled out the Holy Slaughter Spear from Luo Zheng's spatial ring!
"Hu …"
The moment she grasped the Holy Slaughter Spear, her aura underwent a great change. A rich killing intent spiraled up the Holy Slaughter Spear. At the same time, slender bone spurs condensed on Smoky's back!
Those bone spurs radiated out in two pairs of fans, forming two irregular bone wings.
This pair of bone wings was condensed from the power of faith. This was Smoky's battle form!
In the Yao Night Clan, the King of Life and King of Punishment didn't fight outside of their duties. All external battles were led by the King of Slaughter. This was because the King of Slaughter was born for battle. Thus, only the King of Slaughter had this special battle form.
Smoky had used this form once before. After borrowing the power of faith in the Asura World, she condensed this pair of bone wings. However, Yao Yao quickly sealed Smoky's Faith Pool again.
"You … are the bitch!"
The expression on Yao Yao's face was crazed to the extreme. That perfect face of hers was now incomparably distorted. She spiraled into the air and madly channeled her own True Yuan into the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer. The might of this attack was not small either …
However, the reason why Yao Yao was so strong was because she relied on the power of faith in her Faith Pool.
After losing the power of faith and using vital essence to fight, she was only a Sector Lord. Her strength was at most comparable to a peak Great Sector Lord. This kind of attack was not even worth mentioning to the current Smoky …
The Holy Slaughter Spear lightly spun and a huge spear image appeared on the surface of the Holy Slaughter Spear!
"One Thought Without Turning!"
The spear image was blood red. It was many times stronger than Smoky's One Thought Without Turning. However, she didn't shoot it out. Instead, she pointed it out in a straight line. With a "dong" sound, it blocked the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer!
"Crackle …"
From the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer, countless lightning slithered down the Holy Slaughter Spear like little snakes.
Smoky lightly shook the spear and all the lightning was drowned out by the killing intent …
Yao Yao's hammer didn't work. She turned around again and the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer changed its angle and smashed down at Smoky.
Smoky's expression was extremely calm. She pulled the spear back and raised her arm slightly. The spear pointed out once more and hit the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer …
"Dong dong dong dong …"
Yao Yao smashed out dozens of times! Smoky also stabbed out dozens of times!
However, one was using all her strength while the other was casually attacking. The difference in strength between the two was obvious!
"Whoosh!"
Probably tired of Yao Yao's pestering, Smoky suddenly flicked the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer out of Yao Yao's hand. It spun in the air and smashed a small hole in the bottom of the giant pit.
Yao Yao's hands were empty. The crazed look on her face disappeared without a trace.
After losing the Faith Pond and the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer, she didn't have any strength to fight back against Smoky.
"Whoosh —"
The Dream God Arrow in the sky also shot down …
Just now, he was quietly floating in the air. When he saw this series of scenes, he, who was originally in complete despair, was completely dumbfounded!
At this moment, he felt like he was in a dream. He felt like everything he saw was unreal!
"King!" The Dream God Arrow floated down beside Smoky.
Smoky glanced at Yao Yao and then turned to look at the Dream God Arrow. Seeing the Dream God Arrow's old face, a gentle look appeared on her face. "Dream God Arrow, you … have aged a lot."
At their level, there was only one concept of "aging", and that was that they had slipped into the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. The Dream God Arrow would inevitably fall into the abyss of death, and there was no way to save it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1642
Dream God Arrow's destiny had been bestowed upon him by Xun, so his relationship with Xun was naturally different from the other Heavenly Venerables of the Yao Night clan.
Even though Heavenly Venerables were the pinnacle of existence in the universe, they would never submit to anyone.
Although the other Heavenly Venerables of the Yao Night clan respected their king and were led by their king, most of the time, they were on equal footing.
However, Dream God Arrow had willingly submitted to Xun, treating Xun as his master, his king.
For Xun's return, Dream God Arrow was willing to give up everything. Even if his life was at stake, he wouldn't regret it!
Hearing Xun's simple greeting was already worth it to him.
The conflict in front of them hadn't been resolved yet, so it wasn't the time to reminisce.
Yao stood in front of Xun, her face still filled with unwillingness. Her personality was stubborn and filled with ruthlessness.
Even though she knew she had been utterly defeated, she still couldn't accept it …
As for Ying, her expression was calm. No one could tell from her expression what she was thinking.
Heavenly Venerate Juehuo stood nearby, his heart filled with bitterness.
He and Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow were originally neutral Heavenly Venerables. They had never participated in the internal conflicts of the Yao Night clan. They would only act when the clan was invaded.
This time, they had acted based on their judgment of the situation. In addition, Dream God Arrow had brought a Realm Lord to the Xixia Realm, so they had nothing to worry about …
Who knew that Luo Zheng's strength had far exceeded their expectations. In the end, even after the two kings had returned, they still couldn't do anything to him.
They hadn't expected such a change in the Bestowment Platform, so they were caught off guard.
Heavenly Venerate Juehuo looked at Xun cautiously. He was prepared to use greater teleportation to escape at any time. If Xun became the ruler of the Yao Night clan, he wouldn't be able to stay there. However, as a Heavenly Venerate, finding a place to hide in the universe wasn't a problem.
The most depressed person was probably Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow.
Although he had completely recovered with Ying's help, the problem was that one side of the damned chain was still on him. He couldn't escape at all …
Xun's gaze slowly swept across the few of them, and finally stopped on Ying. "Ying, you also want to be my enemy? Why? "
After pondering for a while, Xun suddenly asked such a question. Everyone was stunned … This Xun didn't seem to know anything?
Ying's face revealed a noncommittal expression. She was not as depressed and unwilling as Yao. Instead, she smiled freely. "Since our positions are different, naturally I will be your enemy." Ying was not good at fighting, nor did she like fighting. However, under the control of the Soul Sealing Needle, she had no choice. After all, she could not resist the intention of the Soul Sealing Needle.
"Stand? What position? "Smog was even more confused, as if she had no idea what was going on.
In the end, she could only look at Luo Zheng with pleading eyes. "I only remember when you went to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. I don't remember what happened after that..."
In order to erase the Soul Sealing Needle, Kaoru had completely lost her memories.
However, the King-Bestowing Platform was originally connected to the King. It contained all the memories of the past Kings, including all of Smoky's memories. However, these memories were limited to the Dayan Universe.
After Smoky followed Luo Zheng into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, her memories did not exist. When Luo Zheng returned, Smoky's soul was like a wooden stake. It was even more impossible for her to remember anything.
When Luo Zheng stuffed the Ancestral Gragon in, he also attached Smoky's soul to the Ancestral Gragon.
This action was very risky. Luo Zheng did not know if it would work.
However, the prerequisites to enter the King-Bestowing Platform were there.
First of all, the Ancestral Gragon could travel through space. Ordinary barriers and arrays could not stop this little thing. That was its innate ability.
And Smoky's soul was the prerequisites to enter the King-Bestowing Platform. The Dream God Arrow waited for so many years and did not act alone. Because Smoky was not by his side, he could not enter the King-Bestowing Platform and destroy the Faith Pond.
All these conditions were met. Luo Zheng quietly gave the Ancestral Gragon some instructions. Then, he could only resign himself to fate.
Unexpectedly, the results were far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. Not only did the Ancestral Gragon bring Smoky with him, but he also obtained her memories on the King-Bestowing Platform. The Ancestral Gragon also devoured the power of faith in Ying and Yao's Faith Ponds!
This power of faith was accumulated by the Yao Ye Clan for countless years. How terrifying was the amount of power of faith? After the Ancestral Gragon devoured it, his body underwent a shocking change. Finally, he became what he was today.
When the Ancestral Gragon devoured Ying's Faith Pond, he found a perfect spirit embryo in the Faith Pond.
Previously, Ying wanted to use this spirit embryo to exchange for Smoky's Sacred Massacre Spear. However, she was rejected. Smoky, who had recovered her memories, naturally did not hold back. She took the spirit embryo for herself.
This spirit embryo was nurtured in the Pond of Faith, and it took a lot of effort for it to be completed. It was a truly perfect body, so small that every meridian and every hair tip was a perfect existence. There were no flaws or impurities, and this spirit embryo was in a state of acceptance of souls.
Smoky took over the spirit embryo without any hindrance. After she took over, the spirit embryo began to grow crazily. In the end, it became Smoky's current appearance …
Thus, the perfect temperament that Luo Zheng felt from Smoky's body did not come from Smoky's soul. Instead, it was because of the spirit embryo.
However, Smoky was not clear about the situation in the universe. She also did not know the position of the Celestial Venerables in the Yao Ye Clan. After taking over the spirit embryo and watching the Ancestral Gragon devour Ying's Faith Pond, Smoky felt a little guilty. After all, there was not much conflict between her and Ying.
After Smoky and the Ancestral Gragon came out of the King-Conferring Platform, the first thing she noticed was Luo Zheng. Then, she looked at Yao. Naturally, she saw Yao as her opponent. After all, the conflict between her and Yao had never stopped!
Luo Zheng saw everything that happened in the King-Conferring Platform through the Will of the World. This was why he was stalling for time. He was waiting for Smoky to break out of her cocoon. However, he did not know how much of Smoky's memories were in the King-Conferring Platform. Seeing Smoky so confused, Luo Zheng used his True Essence Voice Transmission to tell her what happened in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. He also told her how she lost her memories. He also told her about the drastic changes that happened in the Yao Ye Clan.
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, Smoky finally understood the current situation of the Yao Ye Clan.
She also understood what Ying meant. Due to the existence of the Soul-Sealing Needle, Ying's position was different from hers. After Smoky destroyed the Soul-Sealing Needle, she did not even know what the Soul-Sealing Needle was …
The problem of the Soul-Sealing Needle was a bit more complicated. She would deal with it later. Smoky's eyes looked past Yao and locked onto Empyrean Juehuo.
As the Queen of Slaughter, Smoky did not have much compassion. Even if an Empyrean of her clan had committed an unforgivable crime, she would still act decisively without hesitation!
But under Smoky's gaze, Empyrean Juehuo, who had already prepared to escape, instantly activated the Greater Teleportation Law Formula!
"Hiss …"
A blazing white power of Space Laws bloomed beneath his feet. His figure instantly dissipated!
"You want to escape?"
Luo Zheng and Dream God Arrow both frowned. When an Empyrean used the Greater Teleportation Law, they could instantly move a great distance. Therefore, it was very difficult to kill an Empyrean if they wanted to escape. Luo Zheng's Life Extinguishing Shackles could lock an Empyrean, but the other end of the Life Extinguishing Shackles was also locked onto Empyrean Shadow.
However, just as Celestial Venerable Juehuo used Greater Void Transference to escape, the Ancestral Dragon coiled on the King-Bestowing Platform began to move. It suddenly raised its neck and its dragon head shot out. It opened its dragon mouth and bit into the void!
Although the Ancestral Dragon's body was huge, its movements were unimaginably fast. It simply did not match its huge size!
With this bite, everyone saw something appear in its mouth. Then, they heard Empyrean Juehuo's angry roar. A green flame exploded in the Ancestral Dragon's mouth. Clearly, this was Empyrean Juehuo's counterattack!
However, the Ancestral Dragon still closed its mouth, including the green flame. After chewing for a while, its angry roar became softer and softer …
The dignified Empyrean Juehuo had been crushed and swallowed by the Ancestral Dragon!

Chapter 1643
The Greater Teleportation Art allowed a martial artist to instantly appear in another location.
Once one reached the World Lord realm, they would be able to grasp this ability. In a battle between World Lords, or between Empyreans, it was usually very difficult to kill each other.
Martial artists who were proficient in the Greater Teleportation Art were well aware that the so-called 'teleportation' of the Greater Teleportation Art wasn't completed in an instant.
Ordinary space channels used the Space Laws to construct a path, folding both ends of space together!
The stronger the Space Laws, the higher the degree of folding.
For example, the space channels in the Great Thousand Domains could reduce a distance of a thousand miles to ten miles. As for the space channels in the Upper Realms, they could reduce a distance of ten thousand miles to ten miles. As for the space channels that crossed between realms, they were even more exaggerated. They could reduce a distance of a million miles to ten miles.
The Greater Teleportation Art used by an Empyrean was in essence to construct a space channel. However, this space channel could only allow a small number of people to pass through. Moreover, this space channel couldn't exist for a long time. It could only exist for an extremely short period of time. However, it could reduce a distance of millions of miles to a foot!
In other words, when an Empyrean used the Greater Teleportation Art, they only needed to move a foot to traverse millions of miles.
Once someone used the Greater Teleportation Art, they wouldn't actually disappear. Instead, they would traverse millions of miles at an extremely fast speed!
The extreme speed of traversing space couldn't be captured. Thus, once an Empyrean used the Greater Teleportation Art, the pursuing Empyrean could only use the Greater Teleportation Art to chase after them, hoping that their speed could catch up.
However, the Ancestral Dragon's understanding of the Space Laws had already surpassed their imaginations!
Empyrean Juehuo used the Greater Teleportation Art to travel through space. In less than the blink of an eye, he was able to escape from the Dawnperch World.
However, he never expected that the moment he entered the spatial passageway and began to move, he would be bitten by the Ancestral Dragon and dragged out of the spatial passageway after just a few thousand feet!
At that moment, Luo Zheng and the others were stunned. As for Empyrean Juehuo, he was both shocked and angry. Thus, he immediately chose to counterattack.
However, the Ancestral Dragon had absorbed all the power of faith from the two faith ponds. At present, the Ancestral Dragon was in the 'youth' stage and possessed extremely terrifying strength. Celestial Exalted Juehuo struggled in the Ancestral Dragon's mouth for a while before ultimately perishing. He was swallowed alive by the Ancestral Dragon.
After Empyrean Juehuo died, the Heavenly Dao trembled.
All of the Empyreans in the Great Yan Universe felt it at the same time. They naturally understood that another Empyrean had fallen.
They didn't know which Celestial Exalt had died. Almost five Celestial Exalts had died in the Dayan Realm in the past three years. Three of them belonged to the Human Dao Alliance, while the other two belonged to minor clans …
In a short span of less than twenty years, the number of Empyreans that had fallen in succession had already exceeded ten. This was practically unimaginable in the former Great Yan Universe.
Just from this, it could be seen that the entire Grand Evolution Universe was undergoing a violent change.
After Ancestral Gragon swallowed Heavenly Venerate Juehuo, his huge body shook violently like a pendulum. Then, he suddenly opened his mouth and coughed twice. "Ka, ka …"
The coughing was like a thunderclap. As he coughed, a large amount of azure flames came out of his throat. Heavenly Venerate Juehuo had died with great reluctance. He was still struggling in his death throes after being swallowed into the Ancestral Gragon's stomach.
Heavenly Venerate Juehuo's azure flames were an extremely powerful type of flame. As the Ancestral Gragon coughed repeatedly, the azure flames coming out of his mouth rapidly decreased. However, it seemed that he couldn't completely clear them away …
Not long after, the Ancestral Gragon, who had just reached adulthood, was enraged. He suddenly raised his head and opened his mouth!
"Roar, roar, roar …"
A demonic red dragon breath suddenly burst out of his mouth!
There were also traces of green flames mixed in the dragon breath, but those green flames were like bubbles in a river, disappearing in the blink of an eye.
After expelling all of the azure flames from his body, the Ancestral Gragon revealed a satisfied expression and continued to sit on the Platform of Bestowment. As for the dragon breath he spat out, it spread into the sky, spreading out into demonic red clouds that didn't dissipate for a long time.
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow swallowed his saliva when he saw this. He only felt fear and trepidation. This enormous dragon made even Heavenly Venerates feel reverence.
At this moment, Xun shifted her gaze to Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow once again …
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's strength was originally inferior to Heavenly Venerate Juehuo's. Moreover, he specialized in concealment rather than assassination. Now that he was bound by the Life Extinguishing Shackles, his strength was greatly reduced, and he couldn't use his concealment ability.
"It's your turn," Xun said coldly.
Now was the time for Xun to settle the score. She had just learned about the current situation from Luo Zheng. She also knew that the Fiend Night Clan was in dire need of manpower. A Heavenly Venerate's value to a clan was immeasurable. However, Xun didn't plan on letting Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow live.
Moreover, as long as Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow didn't die, the Life Extinguishing Shackles wouldn't last. Luo Zheng couldn't keep delaying Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's movements …
"My Queen, please spare my life!"
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's heart had completely collapsed. He didn't have a trace of the strength that a Heavenly Venerate should have.
Xun's expression didn't change at all. Her state of mind was as cold and firm as ice!
When she was hiding in Luo Zheng's body as a soul, she had thought about it countless times. In this life, she would no longer have the slightest bit of mercy for anyone other than Luo Zheng …
Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow continued to beg as he watched Xun approach with the Holy Spear of Slaughter in her hand. "My Queen, please have mercy. I will do my best to protect the Fiend Night Clan in the future. I will not hesitate to sacrifice my life for the sake of my clan …"
"Is that so?" A trace of a smile appeared on Xun's face. Her thin lips curled up slightly, looking very charming.
"My Queen, please give me a chance to turn over a new leaf. Words are no guarantee. I have already made an oath in my heart …" Before he could finish speaking, Xun's Holy Spear of Slaughter had already begun to spin, and a spear shadow shot toward Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow!
When Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow saw this, he gritted his teeth and hid himself in the darkness!
"Dark Shadow Dance!"
A wave of black smoke rose up and completely enveloped Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow. His entire body was hidden, and his aura completely dissipated!
Then, the black smoke moved toward Xun. In his despair, Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow still launched a counterattack …
This Dark Shadow Dance was Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's most powerful concealment ability. After activating this Dark Shadow Dance, in theory, no one in the universe would be able to track him!
Unfortunately, the Life Extinguishing Shackle was still wrapped around Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's body, exposing his whereabouts.
"Hmph!"
Seeing this, Xun snorted coldly. Her figure suddenly accelerated, and she did not dodge at all. Instead, she charged into the black smoke.
"Puff puff puff!"
Everyone present heard the sound of something being pierced. Bright red blood splattered in all directions, leaving behind bloodstains …
After the black smoke slowly dissipated, Xun returned with the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, leaving Dark Shadow Heavenly Sovereign standing alone on the spot. His eyes were wide open and he was motionless. There were already three fist-sized bloody holes on his body. One was his heart, the other was his dantian, and the other was the center of his chest …
In an instant.
Another violent tremor came from the Heavenly Dao. Another Heavenly Venerate had fallen in the universe.
The Life Extinguishing Shackle that connected Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow to Luo Zheng also began to dissipate with Heavenly Venerate Dark Shadow's death …
At this point, Luo Zheng finally regained his freedom.
He put the Life Extinguishing Shackle into his Sumeru Ring and sighed in his heart. Although the Life Extinguishing Shackle was a good thing, it still had its pros and cons. If it weren't for the Life Extinguishing Shackle, he could have escaped. The next time he used the Life Extinguishing Shackle, he would have to think twice before using it.
After dealing with the two Heavenly Venerates, Xun faced Ying and Yao again.
"You were controlled by the Soul Sealing Needle. The crimes you committed against the Demon Night Clan cannot be attributed to you," Xun said.
Yao sneered when she heard this. "So what if I am? Even without the Soul Sealing Needle, I still won't let you go. "
"I know. That's why I have no intention of letting you go." A red light flashed in Xun's eyes.

Chapter 1644
"Since you know, then do it. I brought all of this upon myself." Yao revealed a calm smile.
She no longer had any means to fight back. The final result of the dispute between her and Xun was a crushing defeat. However, there was a trace of slyness hidden in that calm smile.
Yao's expression was as calm as water, but the soul in her mind was trembling slightly. The soul sealing needle in the depths of her soul was emitting a faint light …
Xun slowly walked towards Yao with the Holy Slaughter Spear in her hand. Her steps were slow and heavy. The hatred between her and Yao was complicated. She was killed by Yao and turned into a remnant soul. In the end, Sha, Luo, Mie, and Jue committed suicide in front of her. Everything was too much …
Now that the opportunity for revenge was right in front of her, she didn't feel too happy.
"Weng ~"
The two spear tips at the front of the Holy Slaughter Spear began to rotate. The two cold lights on the spear tip formed a circular light arc under the high-speed rotation.
Ten feet …
Five feet …
Three feet …
Dream God Arrow and Luo Zheng stood behind Kaorne, quietly watching the scene unfold.
This was the grudge between Xun and Yao. They wouldn't interfere. As for how to deal with the King of Life, it would depend on Xun's mood.
Xun's spear was only one foot away from Yao. As long as she gently moved her arm, Yao's beautiful face would be twisted into a pile of mud …
But at this moment!
The soul sealing needle in the depths of Yao's soul suddenly broke …
"Pa!"
A slight crisp sound was transmitted from the depths of Yao's soul.
The moment the soul sealing needle broke, Yao's entire aura underwent a shocking change!
"Huhuhu …"
An aura that came from ancient times but had been passed down for eternity was emitted from Yao's body!
Everything in the universe seemed so insignificant in front of such an imposing aura …
Soon …
The few of them then saw a huge transparent figure appearing behind Yao Yao!
This transparent figure didn't have a complete body. It was just a special aura that constantly distorted the surrounding air and outlined the shape of a person!
At the same time, Yao's face revealed a proud smile. Her voice also became louder at this moment, "Naive Xun, do you really have the qualifications to kill me? Hahahaha … "
Yao suddenly spread out her hands and tilted her head back. A crazy smile appeared on her face as she shouted, "Lord, you're here …"
The transparent figure continued to expand, from a height of ten zhang to a height of over a hundred zhang, then over a thousand zhang, and finally turned into a transparent figure that was over ten thousand zhang tall!
"Roar!"
The Ancestral Dragon on the King-Bestowing Platform felt threatened by the transparent figure. He stretched out his huge dragon head and roared at the figure!
Hearing Ancestral Gragon's roar, the figure suddenly waved its huge arm …
The constantly fluctuating transparent arm waved and slapped towards the Ancestral Gragon!
The Ancestral Gragon was not to be outdone. He opened his mouth and revealed his sharp teeth. He bit down on the transparent arm!
However, the transparent figure was much faster than Ancestral Gragon. With a flip of his invisible arm, he slapped Ancestral Gragon's head.
"Boom!"
Along with a muffled sound, Ancestral Gragon suffered a heavy slap.
His huge body somersaulted in the air and fell heavily onto the ground from the King-Bestowing Platform.
The Ancestral Gragon's strong body plowed out a thousand li long gully on the ground. The moment he rolled on the ground, he whipped his tail and the ground instantly cracked. Borrowing the force of the whip, the Ancestral Gragon once again shot towards the transparent figure!
While flying towards the transparent figure, the Ancestral Gragon's mouth began to accumulate a demonic red light. He was about to spit out a dragon breath!
The invisible figure once again stretched out his arm and pressed down on the Ancestral Gragon's head, ruthlessly pressing it towards the ground.
"Rumble …"
Under this pressure, a gigantic ravine several thousand kilometers long was created. This ravine extended into the distance, almost crossing the entire Xixia World and becoming a scar on this world!
"Roar roar roar …"
At this moment, the Ancestral Gragon's ferocious nature was unleashed. He frantically twisted his body under the transparent figure's hand. However, no matter how he struggled, he could not break free from the giant hand. In the end, he kept waving his tail and wrapped it around the transparent figure's arm.
The transparent figure stretched out his other hand and grabbed the Ancestral Gragon's tail. He pulled the Ancestral Gragon off his arm and then threw the huge Ancestral Gragon tens of millions of li away, crashing into the edge of the Xixia Realm.
"Rumble …"
The tremors caused by the battle between these huge creatures were abnormally intense.
The Ancestral Gragon crashed into the edge of the Xixia Realm with powerful kinetic energy, causing the entire Xixia Realm to shake violently. The ground of the entire Xixia Realm began to crack, volcanoes began to erupt, and earthquakes occurred continuously.
Yao stood at the foot of the transparent giant and raised her head to look at this scene. A faint smile appeared on her face. Then, she shifted her gaze to Xun again and a proud and complacent expression appeared on her face. "Xun, do you really think that everything is settled?"
At this moment, Xun, Luo Zheng, and Dream God Arrow stared at the invisible figure with unsightly expressions … from the powerful aura emitted by the transparent figure, it was far from an existence they could match.
"This is … the aura of a Saint!"
Luo Zheng frowned and narrowed his eyes as he sized up the giant.
Among the experts Luo Zheng had seen, the strongest were Jiu Sheng and Craftsman Sheng. These Saints' auras were ancient and vast. Only they had the qualifications to write the word "eternal". This aura was something that even True Gods could not possess.
However, wasn't it impossible for Saints to enter the universe?
The translucent figure suddenly lowered its head and looked down at Luo Zheng and Kaoru. Its huge body turned slightly and the translucent giant hand was already raised!
"Huff huff huff …"
The giant hand suddenly swung down and pushed away the surrounding airflow, causing gusts of wind to appear!
"Go!"
Even Ancestral Gragon was directly thrown away by the transparent figure. Luo Zheng knew that they did not have the ability to resist and could only retreat first!
But while covering Xun's retreat, Luo Zheng did not choose to leave. Instead, he rushed towards the transparent giant hand!
"Bang!"
"Power transfer!"
Luo Zheng collided head-on with the transparent palm. Compared to the huge palm, Luo Zheng was as small as an ant.
However, this ant had forcefully stopped the palm in midair!
The infinite power contained in the palm was transferred by Luo Zheng to another great world …
At this moment, in a great world occupied by the Sacred Race, a huge power instantly spread out and a palm print appeared on that great world. After the palm print appeared, the entire great world's surface began to crack and countless cracks appeared. Then, it began to disintegrate …
"Rumble …"
To all the living beings in that great world, this palm strike was the arrival of the apocalypse. After the great world disintegrated, it constantly sank downwards. The ascension passageways that connected to the great world from the lower realms began to crack one after another. Countless living beings desperately flew towards the horizon …
The power of this palm strike was able to directly shatter a great world!
Luo Zheng's heart was pounding wildly!
Heavenly Venerables could also destroy a great world. For example, Yao's Dongxuan Holy Lightning had destroyed a third of the Skywolf world's surface. Furthermore, the Dongxuan Holy Lightning had only destroyed the surface of the Skywolf world.
However, no Heavenly Venerables had ever been able to completely shatter a great world. Back in the Orange Sea Realm, several Heavenly Venerables had fought, but they had failed to make the entire Orange Sea Realm disappear. At the very least, the Orange Sea Realm still retained half its territory …
But now, this transparent palm had smashed a great world into smithereens!
The transparent figure seemed somewhat surprised that this palm strike had been blocked by a tiny ant. However, the figure only hesitated for an instant before its other hand struck at Luo Zheng again.
"Bam!"
There was another loud thud.
Helpless, Luo Zheng activated the power transfer once again …
Soon, another great world became Luo Zheng's scapegoat. After Luo Zheng transferred the power over, the great world was shattered without exception.
"This can't go on." Luo Zheng began to turn anxious.
If he allowed the transparent figure to attack him, even if Luo Zheng sacrificed all the great worlds in the upper realms, it would still be far from enough!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1645
After each realm collapsed, only a small portion of living beings would be able to escape.
Many of the mortals in the cities and settlements were unable to resist such a large-scale disaster …
Luo Zheng's expression was extremely unsightly. Why would such a transparent figure appear at the final moment?
Whoosh! Whoosh!
The transparent hand once again slammed down towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng revealed a hesitant expression. Apart from facing it head-on, he did not seem to have any better ideas. If he did not block this slap, the entire Xixia Realm would most likely be shattered by this slap!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt an extremely sharp killing intent from behind him!
"Move aside, Luo Zheng!"
Xun's voice suddenly sounded!
The skeletal wings on Xun's back suddenly unfurled, each of them reflecting a crimson light.
After unsealing the Faith Pool, Xun's strength had completely recovered. Together with Ying's body, she was even stronger than before! Xun was originally the strongest sword in the Yao Night Clan. The three kings each had their own roles, and the effects of the power of faith they possessed were all different.
Ying's power of faith represented new life and universal love. Thus, the green power of faith was suitable for transforming into the Law of Life. Yao's power of faith represented the Law of Order. Those who violated the Law of Order would be punished by lightning, so it was suitable for transforming into the Law of Lightning!
As for Xun's power of faith, it represented destruction and destruction. Her power of faith was a mixture of the baleful aura of the entire Yao Night Clan, so she specialized in slaughter!
Thus, Xun's battle prowess was far above Yao's.
The crimson power of faith she absorbed contained an intense aura of slaughter. The crimson light on her skeletal wings continuously rippled and gathered towards the Holy Spear of Slaughter in Xun's hands, forming numerous spear shadows around the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
When Xun swung the Holy Spear of Slaughter, the seemingly solid spear shadows would constantly sway along with the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
"Condense!"
Whoosh …
After Xun spat out a single word, the spear shadows began to continuously condense towards the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
At this moment, on the surface of the Holy Spear of Slaughter, the demonic red color was already in an extremely saturated state. Traces of murderous aura were like flames, slowly dissipating into the surroundings.
When Luo Zheng first blocked the transparent giant hand, Fumigate's spear was already condensing.
With a sudden flap of her bony wings, the originally circular bony wings folded under her back. Then, she raised the Holy Spear above her head and her slender body seemed to have fused with the spear.
Swish!
His entire body shot up into the sky!
The strength of the transparent giant hand might be incomparably strong, but Xun was like a fine needle, piercing through the transparent giant hand in an instant!
After the smoke passed through the giant transparent hand, the invisible energy continued to flow out through the gap created by the smoke.
"So strong." Luo Zheng couldn't help but exclaim when he saw this scene.
That strike from Xun just now was probably on par with the full strength strike of many middle level Empyreans. It seemed that it had even caused damage to the transparent giant!
Swish!
Fumigate suddenly turned in the air and once again shot towards the invisible giant. The speed of her shuttling was astonishing. In the blink of an eye, Fumigate passed through the giant's chest and came out from the giant's back.
The transparent giant's speed was not slow either. Its hands repeatedly grabbed at the air, wanting to grab Fumigate. However, its speed was ultimately slower than Fumigate's. After grabbing seven or eight times in a row, it still missed!
Swish, swish, swish …
Relying on her extremely high speed, Fumigate was like a red shuttle, constantly shuttling back and forth, leaving behind one puncture wound after another on the transparent giant's body.
The transparent giant twisted its huge body, but was unable to do anything to Fumigate!
"Wu …"
At this moment, the transparent giant suddenly raised its hands and let out a long roar. That roar contained an intense majesty!
When that majesty spread out, whether it was Luo Zheng, Dream God Arrow, or Fumigate, they all felt an extreme pressure. It was as if someone had taken a hammer and knocked them on the head!
Fumigate, who was originally flying at high speed, only felt dizzy. Unable to maintain her balance, she actually started tumbling in the air.
At this moment, one of the transparent giant's hands quickly grabbed at Fumigate. It took the opportunity to grab Fumigate, while the other hand was about to slap down on Fumigate's head!
This transparent giant's strength was beyond imagination. Its two hands could even shatter a great world. If it slapped down on Fumigate's body, she would probably be squashed into a pile of meat paste!
"No!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face flashed with fear. It was already impossible for him to save Fumigate from the transparent giant's hands.
This time, Fumigate had just found her body and taken back her Pond of Faith. He hadn't had much time to communicate with Fumigate, and now he was about to watch Fumigate die in front of him … At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was also frantically fluctuating. Extremely intense emotions caused his soul to tremble non-stop …
Dream God Arrow's face was filled with despair. His journey to the Platform of Bestowing King had been full of twists and turns. Dream God Arrow, who had been in despair, had seen Smoke "come back to life" and take control of the situation. He hadn't expected this to happen.
As for Yao, who was standing at the foot of the transparent giant, the smile on her face was extremely wide.
The Soul Sealing Needle wasn't an enslavement talisman. In fact, it was only a partial control of the three kings. The Soul Sealing Needle could change their minds to a certain extent, but it couldn't completely enslave them!
As the Soul Sealing Needle released more and more memories in their souls, Yao gradually understood Mu Haiji's plan.
With just the power of the Yao Night clan, they weren't much of a threat to the Great Expansion Realm. Just the demon race alone was enough to stall the Yao Night clan, so they weren't much help to the sacred race. However, after the Soul Sealing Needle shattered, the three kings could summon Saint Mu Haiji's Shadow of Nothingness!
This Shadow of Nothingness was one of Mu Haiji's methods of descending!
Even though the translucent figure's strength had been greatly reduced after the Shadow of Nothingness had appeared in the Great Yan Universe, it still possessed the strength of a True God. It could be considered one of the Yao Night clan's trump cards!
However, this trump card could only be used three times. Fumigate had directly destroyed one of the Soul Sealing Needles in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, so it could be considered a waste. Now, in order to kill Fumigate, Yao had wasted a second time!
"Quick, kill her!" At this moment, Yao couldn't care less about the situation in the Great Expansion Realm. Right now, she only wanted to kill Fumigate!
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt as if time had slowed down …
He only saw Fumigate crawl up from the palm at an extremely slow speed. She wanted to avoid the other hand that was pressing down on her head. Under those beautiful eyebrows, a pair of extremely beautiful eyes flashed with determination and courage. Perhaps she had already realized that she couldn't escape, but when Fumigate entered battle mode, she would be affected by the baleful aura. Therefore, she didn't feel any fear in her heart!
However, Fumigate still seemed to have realized something. She suddenly turned her head and looked at Luo Zheng. However, when her eyes met Luo Zheng's, she looked at him with a trace of regret.
This regret contained too many meanings, and it broke Luo Zheng's heart.
This extremely short moment seemed to turn into an eternity. In Luo Zheng's eyes, it became slower and slower. Finally, it actually stopped!
"Hu hu …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a gust of cold wind behind him. A silhouette appeared behind him. After that silhouette appeared, its body began to expand. It also became a huge silhouette. Then, that silhouette swung its huge fist and smashed it onto the transparent giant's body!
"Boom!"
Following a muffled sound, the fist smashed the transparent giant to the ground. The transparent giant had originally wanted to slap Fumigate with its huge hand, but because it lost its balance, it threw Fumigate away.
"Rumble …"
After the transparent giant sat on the ground, it gently pushed back. The huge platform was directly pushed down. At the same time, a large number of cracks and canyons appeared on the ground again. These cracks were enough to destroy the stability of the entire Xixia World. The entire Great Expansion Realm was constantly shaking, and there were faint signs of it collapsing!
The silhouette behind Luo Zheng only threw a punch. It didn't pursue the transparent giant.
"This, this …"
Luo Zheng stared at the huge silhouette behind him, dumbfounded.

Chapter 1646
These two giants didn't have a clear body.
The transparent giant that Yao Yao summoned was just a ball of rolling energy fluctuations, while the silhouette behind Luo Zheng was also a ball of erratic energy …
At this moment, these two giants didn't make a move, and just stood there facing each other in the air.
The energy in the transparent giant's head suddenly fluctuated violently, and this fluctuation formed a huge opening. Then, that opening turned into a big mouth, and suddenly, a gust of wind whistled out from this big mouth.
At first, the sound of the wind was very sharp, but as that 'big mouth' constantly adjusted its shape, the whistling sound of the wind also slowly became low!
After adjusting for a while, the constantly changing sound of the wind was like a piece of music, making a sound of uneven pitch. Finally, it actually turned into a human's voice …
"Luo Xiao, we meet again …"
Luo Zheng looked at that big mouth, and his face revealed a look of surprise.
This transparent giant couldn't make a sound, so it used the flow and angle of the air to achieve the purpose of making a sound …
However, the whistling sound of the wind still sounded very strange, but in the end, people could still hear the words clearly.
Luo Xiao?
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked.
The silhouette behind him was Luo Xiao?
Luo Zheng almost couldn't help but look at the silhouette behind him …
That silhouette was just a simple silhouette, so naturally, he couldn't see any appearance. However, the aura that escaped from this silhouette was naturally extraordinarily powerful.
That silhouette was silent for a while, and finally made a sound.
"Mu Haiji, you personally made a move, and violated the rules of the Holy Hall …"
Luo Xiao's voice came from an unknown place, but this voice was very clear. He didn't need to use the sound of the air to speak like this transparent giant.
Hearing this familiar voice, Luo Zheng's heart began to tremble violently, as if there was a magnitude 10 earthquake!
Previously, Luo Zheng had some doubts about this silhouette …
But after hearing Luo Xiao's voice, which made him feel very close to him, how could he have the slightest doubt now?
Thinking that this silhouette had once helped him through the calamity of the Luck Extinguishing Yellow Snake, traces of warmth flowed through his heart. It turned out that his father had always been standing behind him, but he didn't know it!
"Hehehehe …"
As a gust of wind gushed out of the transparent giant's' mouth ', the transparent giant let out a strange smile.
"So what? The current Templars are no longer the Templars of the past. Not to mention that I've only sent a strand of my soul into the Grand Derivation Universe. I presume the Templars won't blame me, and there's no need for them to go against me, Mu Haiji, for a dead Saint! "
The transparent giant was slowly getting used to the speed of the airflow. At this moment, its words were becoming clearer and more fluent.
"I'm not dead yet," Luo Xiao's voice rang out again.
"What's the difference between being dead now and being dead? So what if you rely on this universe to protect your Saint Heart? Sooner or later … you will still be destroyed by me! Hahahaha … "After saying that, the transparent figure laughed wildly again.
"No, I still have hope," Luo Xiao said. The silhouette lowered its head, as if two invisible eyes were staring at Luo Zheng.
"Huff huff huff …"
The transparent figure sitting not far away stretched out his hand and pointed a finger at Luo Zheng. "Are you talking about this little guy? He's your hope? "
Luo Xiao's silhouette was silent for a while, then replied with certainty, "Yes, my son, Luo Zheng, is my hope!"
Luo Zheng had already understood Luo Xiao's attitude from Saint Jiu. The ten Dao Disciples were Luo Xiao's final gamble, and Luo Xiao had placed high hopes on Luo Zheng!
"Placing your hopes on a second-level lifeform, Luo Xiao, you're still as childish as ever …" the transparent figure said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose. He stared at the transparent figure and roared loudly, "Mu Haiji! When I, Luo Zheng, step into the Realm of the Gods, one day I'll have your head chopped off in front of the Templars! "
The current Luo Zheng was no longer ignorant of the Realm of the Gods …
At this moment, Luo Zheng was using the aura of chaos to drive his voice. The volume of his voice was extremely high, and it was filled with a fierce aura!
This was Luo Zheng's determination, and it was something he had to face in his life. No matter how weak he was right now, there was no way he could avoid it. The only thing he could do was press forward. There was no room for retreat!
The silhouette behind Luo Zheng remained silent …
The transparent figure formed by Mu Haiji's aura also remained silent for a while, then it chuckled. "Ignorant brat, you don't seem to understand what the Realm of the Gods is. You don't seem to understand what the Templars are, and you don't seem to understand who you're talking to."
"You're just a mere Saint," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"A mere Saint …"
When the transparent figure heard this, it actually waved a pair of transparent hands and started slapping each other.
* Bang, bang, bang … *
Every time it clapped, a dull and violent sound would be transmitted. The entire space trembled, and the ground shook. More and more cracks appeared in the Xixia World.
At this moment, the Yao Ye clansmen in the various Holy Lands of the Xixia World were desperately rushing into the spatial tunnel. The Xixia World was already on the verge of collapse, and it could completely collapse at any moment …
"You have courage, but you're just a newborn calf … In the Grand Evolution Universe, you have your father's protection, and you're a blessed child of the universe. This is your family's garden, and your every move, every word, and every enemy is under your father's control. Do you know that there's no such thing as' karmic luck 'in the Realm of the Gods? There's no fortuitous encounters or coincidences in the Realm of the Gods that will shape you. That's the real world, and it's a cruel world! When the time comes, you'll understand that your boasting is nothing more than a joke that will make you feel ashamed of yourself! Do you understand?! "
Mu Haiji was a Saint in the end, and a Saint had his own universe. He was naturally magnanimous, and he wasn't angered by Luo Zheng's words at all. Instead, he stood on Luo Zheng's side and analyzed the situation!
However, this analysis caused Luo Zheng's heart to churn …
Just like karmic luck …
Luo Zheng had always believed that his karmic luck was heaven-defying, and he knew that a martial artist needed to work hard, karmic luck, and talent to move forward.
However, Luo Zheng was later reminded by Hua Tianming that all these fortuitous encounters weren't karmic luck. All the mysteries of the Heavenly Dao had been deliberately arranged by someone. His path wasn't one that he had walked down himself, but one that had been rehearsed in advance. It was a path that someone had paved for him …
All those difficulties and desperate situations had been deliberately arranged, and their purpose was to temper Luo Zheng's state of mind.
All these trials and tribulations were just whips for him to work hard. They hoped that Luo Zheng would be able to quickly advance to the next level!
There was only one person in the entire universe who could use the resources of the entire universe to act out such a script, and that was the master of the Grand Evolution Universe, his father, Luo Xiao!
When Luo Zheng had first learned the truth, he had been extremely disappointed and even a little sad.
He had thought that everything he had was the result of his hard work, but it was only later that he learned that everything had been arranged by his father!
However, when Luo Zheng learned about his father's bitter experience from Saint Jiu, as well as the enemies in the Realm of the Gods, he learned to calmly face all of this. He didn't have the time nor the qualifications to be pretentious about these things. Moreover, all of the arrangements in the Grand Evolution Universe had been made with his father's painstaking efforts!
"Zheng 'er, Mu Haiji only wanted to strike at your heart of martial arts. In this world …" Luo Xiao suddenly said to Luo Zheng. He was worried that Luo Zheng's state of mind would have problems, even though what Mu Haiji said was the truth!
"I know," Luo Zheng calmly replied. The unswerving determination in his eyes grew stronger and stronger, and his eyes glowed like stars. "Even so, I still want to cut off your head in front of the Sage Hall. Today, you've said everything you've said, but in my eyes, you're still just a Sage!"
Hearing this, Luo Xiao's silhouette nodded. He was quite gratified by Luo Zheng's reaction. Mu Haiji only wanted to strike at Luo Zheng, but what he said was indeed the truth. The Grand Evolution Universe was Luo Xiao's home ground. When Luo Zheng had encountered a desperate situation, Luo Xiao had been able to help him at any time.
If Luo Zheng left this place in the future, he would have walked out of Luo Xiao's wings, and the dangers he would face would be a thousand times greater than now. Luo Zheng would have to face all of this on his own sooner or later …

Chapter 1647
The anger in Mu Haiji's heart only lasted for a moment. As a dignified Saint, he was also at the peak of life. There was no need for him to be angry with a little fellow. Thus, he changed the topic and sneered, "After the Divine Realm, it's still very far away. Luo Xiao, I'm afraid your Great Expansion Universe won't last until now!"
The Great Evolution Universe's current situation wasn't optimistic at all.
Even without the Night Demon Clan, the Sacred Race still had the absolute upper hand. This was what Luo Xiao and Luo Zheng had to face …
"You don't have to worry about that. If my Great Evolution Universe is destroyed, then it's fate!" Luo Xiao replied indifferently.
"Very good. I hope you can survive and let me see your son in the Realm of the Gods. Hahahahaha …"
The transparent giant's energy fluctuations grew weaker and weaker, and the sound it made with the wind became more and more distorted. In the end, the 'hahaha' sound turned into the howling of the wind, and the giant formed from Mu Haiji's soul slowly dissipated from the world …
The moment the soul disappeared, the Soul Sealing Needle in the depths of Ying's soul also quietly disappeared.
When Yao saw this, she felt a burst of strength throughout her body and finally fell to the ground … She had used the Soul Sealing Needle to summon Mu Haiji's soul. Originally, she could only use it when the Night Demon Clan fought against the human race, but in order to save her life and kill Xun, she summoned it in advance.
She didn't expect another Saint to appear the moment Mu Haiji appeared, and that Saint was Luo Zheng's father?
Yao could tell at a glance that Luo Zheng wasn't ordinary, but she didn't expect Luo Zheng to be the direct descendant of a Saint. She could only accept her loss wholeheartedly. The arrogance that often appeared on her face also dissipated at this moment, and the flickering lightning in her eyes dimmed and dissipated …
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the dissipating energy fluctuations. He suddenly remembered that Luo Xiao was still behind him. He was shocked and afraid that Luo Xiao would disappear as well, so he turned around and said, "Father!"
Luo Xiao's silhouette didn't disappear, but he didn't respond either. He remained silent …
Luo Zheng revealed a nervous expression and asked, "Father, are you still there?"
"Xing 'er, I'm here …" Luo Xiao responded.
Hearing his father's response, Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief...
When Luo Zheng was young, he didn't know much. All these years, he thought that his father was already dead, but he had accumulated too many doubts in his heart. Although Luo Zheng more or less understood the general situation through other channels, there were still some things that he wanted to ask in person!
"Huff huff huff …"
Following the intense energy fluctuations, Luo Xiao's wisp of Soul Aura began to shrink.
The originally erratic silhouette became more and more solid. When the silhouette shrunk to the size of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could already recognize Luo Xiao from the silhouette!
Seeing his father's heroic appearance, Luo Zheng almost cried.
After experiencing the tempering of wind and frost and the hopeless situation of life and death, Luo Zheng's state of mind was already as hard as iron. He knew that all negative emotions were useless. For the sake of becoming stronger, for the sake of his own growth, he'd already completely abandoned these emotions.
But standing in front of his father, Luo Zheng felt that he was still that weak child …
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Luo Xiao's face also revealed a trace of guilt.
The wisp of Soul Aura that he kept in Huan Yu could actually give Luo Zheng more pointers. But when a martial artist cultivated, whether it was in the Domain of the Gods or Huan Yu, if they wanted to go further, or even surpass Luo Xiao, they could only rely on themselves to walk further on the martial path!
So he had no choice but to create the illusion that he had fallen. He had no choice but to create one crisis after another, trapping Luo Zheng in it and watching him struggle desperately, like a wounded beast, licking his wounds again and again to become stronger and stronger.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng did not disappoint him, and even performed better than he expected. But he also understood that doing this was too cruel to Luo Zheng.
"You … come with me." Luo Xiao turned around and waved his hand, an illusory door appeared in front of him!
The door was like a heavenly palace, but also like a mirage, slowly floating in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Xiao was the first to step through the door.
Luo Zheng jumped up from the ground and looked back at Xun, his lips moved slightly, "Wait for me."
After speaking, Luo Zheng followed Luo Xiao through the door.
After the father and son disappeared through the door, the door slowly closed and disappeared from everyone's sight …
At this moment, Xun's gaze landed on Yao as she laughed coldly, "Looks like we'll have to settle this again!"
In order to allow Mu Haiji to descend, Yao had already broken her soul sealing needle. When Mu Haiji's spirit disappeared, Ying's soul sealing needle also disappeared. The two kings of the Yao Night clan only had the strength of a normal great sector lord. Xun had already taken control of the situation.
Plus, there was still the Ancestor Dragon in the Xixia world …
Xun didn't let Yao live, the conflict between them was too deep to be resolved. Even if she didn't kill Yao, she would become a huge threat in the future. Hence, she killed her decisively!
As for Ying, Xun didn't make things difficult for her.
After all, Ying had led the rebellion because of the soul sealing needle, she didn't have much ill intentions. Plus, in this king bestowing platform, Xun had relied on the spirit embryo in Ying's faith pond.
Not long after …
The Sacred Lords of the seven Sacred Grounds and the members of the Yao Ye clan's Council of Elders all gathered before the King-Bestowing Platform.
The king bestowing platform that represented the highest authority of the Yao Night clan was now in ruins. The three faith ponds were buried in the depths of the ruins, and after the Yao Night clan members excavated, the faith ponds were finally able to see the light of day again.
Two of the Faith Ponds were already empty. Only the Faith Pond that belonged to Xun was rippling with a pool of blood-red water.
The faith ponds' water needed to accumulate over a long period of time, and the elders all understood that Xun was the only king left in the Yao Night clan. It would be difficult for the three kings of the past to reappear.
After Yao's torment, the Yao Night clan's upper echelons and lower echelons were all exhausted. However, with Xun's return and complete control of the situation, it could be said that the rebellion had come to an end.
Now, apart from Dream God Jian, there were two other Heavenly Venerables in the Yao Night clan that had accompanied Yao and Ying. They had chosen to leave due to Dream God Jian's king edict, and under Xun's summons, they quickly returned to the Xixia World.
Thus, Xun used the king statue to issue another king edict, ordering all of the clan members to rest and recuperate.
She knew that the Yao Night clan was a foreign race created by Mu Haiji, but since Luo Xiao had appeared, she didn't pursue the matter of the Yao Night clan's origins. After all, with the disappearance of the soul sealing needle, the Yao Night clan wouldn't be able to rebel again.
Luo Xiao must have noticed this and acknowledged the Yao Night clan's status in the Great Evolution Universe. The Yao Night clan was also a part of the Great Evolution Universe, and when necessary, they would naturally act against the sacred races …
…
…
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped through the door, he saw a golden scroll spread out on the ground. It extended all the way into the distance, turning into a golden path of light …
"This place is …" Luo Zheng looked around.
"This is the Heavenly Dao," Luo Xiao replied. His faint shadow didn't stop and continued forward.
The Heavenly Dao!
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly, and he quickly followed up!
When he was young, Luo Zheng had also followed behind his father like this. However, at that time, Luo Zheng was still small and often couldn't keep up with Luo Xiao's footsteps. He could only stumble and run, occasionally complaining that his father was walking too fast. However, Luo Xiao never stopped to wait for Luo Zheng.
This small matter was buried deep in Luo Zheng's heart, and he still remembered it clearly. Now that he was the same size as Luo Xiao, he had a trace of understanding. In fact, ever since he was young, his father had already had expectations for him. When he was young, he couldn't understand his father's strictness. Only now did he understand Luo Xiao's painstaking efforts.
"Those … are the laws I've comprehended in my life," Luo Xiao said indifferently.
Looking in the direction Luo Xiao was pointing, Luo Zheng saw two rows of screens on both sides of the Way of the Heavens. Above the screens, countless golden lights were constantly flowing. The flowing golden lights each had a different shape, and the aura they emitted was completely different. Was this the ultimate power his father had comprehended?
"In the Great Evolution Universe, it's also known as the Mandate of Heaven," Luo Xiao added.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1648
This universe was created by Luo Xiao himself.
Therefore, the beings in the Great Yan Universe were unable to cultivate to the peak of strength. This was a boundary that secondary life forms could not surpass, and it was also a restriction.
There was only one kind of person that could surpass this restriction, and that was a Dao Child. Once a Dao Child crossed this boundary, they would be able to condense a Godhead and leave the Great Yan Universe.
"These … are the Wills of Heaven!"
Luo Zheng's eyes sparkled under the illumination of the golden lights.
On the screen, streaks of golden light constantly flowed. Each streak of golden light contained a karmic law of the Heavenly Dao. Some of the streaks of golden light contained exceptionally powerful auras, while others had no auras at all.
There were strong and weak Wills of Heaven. Some Wills of Heaven couldn't even be used in battle. For example, the Resurrection Heavenly Mandate of the Resurrection Heavenly Venerate could only resurrect fallen martial artists, but it was of no help in battle.
However, there were some Wills of Heaven that were specifically used in battle. The aura emitted by these Wills of Heaven was naturally much more powerful!
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over and he could faintly discern the function of some Wills of Heaven!
For example, the Wills of Heaven on the left side of the screen emitted a bit of chill. There were even specks of frost condensing on the screen. This Wills of Heaven might be the complete power of the Ice Law.
However, with the comprehension of Sages, they also had their own comprehension of perfect Laws.
Therefore, there was more than one complete Law of Ice. Complete Laws of Ice could also be extended into several extremely powerful profundities.
For example, the Ice Soul Cold Flame that Luo Zheng had comprehended from Saint Jiu was a special kind of Ice Law Profundity.
Not far from the Ice Law, multicolored flames spouted out. These multicolored flames formed little kittens that walked down the screen and played with each other. These multicolored flames were definitely the mysteries of the tenth layer of the Fire Law.
Even an Empyrean would never be able to pry into the mysteries of the Heavenly Dao. This time, following his father into the Heavenly Dao, Luo Zheng feasted his eyes on it.
As his father walked forward, Luo Zheng discovered that the golden lights on the screens on both sides were completely dim.
"Father, are these Wills of Heaven already bestowed?" Luo Zheng asked.
Just how many Heaven's Wills were on the screen? However, along the way, he had only seen a dozen or so dim Heavenly Wills, which was why he asked.
Luo Xiao nodded, "Yes, these are the Wills of Heaven that have already been conferred to the Empyreans."
Luo Zheng was puzzled by Luo Xiao's words. "Since father's Heavenly Dao has so many Wills, why did he only confer 108?"
Presently, the Grand Yan Universe was facing a crisis. An additional Celestial Venerable was an additional portion of combat power!
Each Empyrean was an existence that couldn't be underestimated. If a few powerful Heaven's Wills were utilized to the extreme, they could even fight against a True God!
Luo Xiao shook his head helplessly. He smiled at his son's childish question. "If that's really the case, I'm willing to generously confer the Mandate of Heaven. However, there are many restrictions in the method of constructing the Great Evolution Universe. Even I can't surpass these restrictions! Conferring 108 Wills of Heaven is already my limit. If too many Wills of Heaven leave the Heavenly Dao, it will cause the Heavenly Dao to become unstable. In serious cases, it can even cause the entire universe to collapse. "
Unexpectedly, it was so serious. Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. "I thought too simply."
As they continued forward, a large hall appeared in front of them. In the hall, Luo Zheng saw a familiar object. It was the Great Evolution Lotus in the hands of the old clan leader. This Great Evolution Lotus was also suffused with a golden color. However, the golden color on its surface was also very dim.
"This lotus is father's item to collect Heaven." Luo Xiao stared at the Great Evolution Lotus and said, "I'm sure you've seen this item before."
Luo Zheng nodded. The Mandate of Heaven that the old clan leader bore was this Great Evolution Lotus. The old clan leader had never displayed the true power of this lotus. However, at that time, it had given Luo Zheng great pressure. If he used it, its power would naturally be extraordinary …
"You … don't you still have something to say to father?" Luo Xiao stopped in the middle of the Great Evolution Lotus and turned to stare at Luo Zheng as he asked.
Luo Zheng had been following Luo Xiao all this time. Although he had been constantly asking questions, he was actually evading the topic. At this moment, Luo Xiao had exposed his son's thoughts.
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He scratched his head and thought for a while. "Where did Jiang Yu 'er go?"
Luo Xiao smiled faintly. "That little girl from the Jiang Family has already returned to the Divine Realm. In the Divine Realm, the Jiang Family has a special position. All the Heavenly Dao in the universe is operated by the Jiang Family. After Mu Haiji's Great Extreme Universe declared war, the Jiang Family has already withdrawn Jiang Yu 'er …" At this point, Luo Xiao shook his head again. "You didn't want to ask this question."
Luo Zheng indeed did not want to ask this question. After all, he had been separated from his father for a long time. Although he felt a sense of closeness from Luo Xiao, there was still a trace of alienation in the end …
Seeing his father's expression, Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment before asking in a low voice, "Father, who is Luo Yan's and my mother's mother?"
Luo Zheng had asked this question when he was very young because he did not have any impression of his mother.
When he was a child, whenever Luo Zheng asked this question, Luo Xiao would use a rather speechless excuse to evade the question. Sometimes he would answer that his mother was dead, and sometimes he would answer that his mother was missing. After asking several times, Luo Zheng was sternly reprimanded by Luo Xiao.
In short, Luo Zheng had never received a definite answer …
After he became an adult, Luo Zheng also pondered over this question. It was not until a year ago when Luo Zheng found out about his identity that he had a new answer. He and Luo Yan were probably "created" by Luo Xiao. The siblings probably did not have a mother in a clear sense.
Although Luo Zheng had such a speculation, he was still not sure in his heart. At this moment, he asked hesitantly.
Unexpectedly, when Luo Zheng asked this question, Luo Xiao's expression became somewhat stiff. However, that stiff expression only lasted for a moment before the rigid lines on Luo Xiao's face were revealed. "You and Luo Yan don't have a mother."
Looking at his father's nonchalant expression, Luo Zheng shook his head resolutely. A glimmer of hope had appeared in his heart. "I don't believe it!"
"Indeed, it's up to you to believe it or not," Luo Xiao continued to deny it.
However, the more Luo Xiao denied it, the more certain Luo Zheng was in his heart!
He definitely had a mother. If his mother really died of an illness when he was young, Luo Xiao would certainly be able to answer truthfully at this moment.
However, asking Luo Xiao, a dignified Holy Lord, to marry a second-level creature in the Huanyu Lower Realm as his wife and then give birth to Luo Zheng and Luo Yan was probably somewhat absurd. He directly said that the siblings did not have a mother, which was a kind of helpless prevarication.
Therefore, at this moment, Luo Xiao's stiff expression and perfunctory answer gave Luo Zheng a glimmer of hope.
However, seeing that his father did not want to talk about it at all, Luo Zheng did not force him to ask. He was no longer a child. Perhaps his father had his own difficulties that were difficult to talk about!
Therefore, Luo Zheng changed the topic and asked, "Father, is Luo Yan okay now?"
Luo Xiao saw that he did not continue to ask this question, and his expression returned to normal. "Luo Yan stepped into the Divine Realm early and was personally trained by my disciples. There will be no problems."
In Huanyu, the arrangement of the siblings was the most important, followed by Hua Tianming and Luo Xi Xuan, and then Xi Youqin and Xuanyuan Chenfeng … Every step was personally arranged by Luo Xiao. However, no matter how the others performed, the most important thing was still Luo Zheng.
Luo Xiao only told Luo Zheng about the arrangement of Luo Yan and the matters of his disciples in detail. At the same time, he also told Luo Zheng about what would happen after he stepped into Huanyu in the future.
After answering this question, Luo Xiao stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I remember that in Gu Bei's Immortal Mansion, you chose several cultivation methods. Among them, you have successfully cultivated the 《Thunder Calamity》 and 《Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke》, but the most important one, the 《Ten Thousand Laws Enemy》, you have yet to cultivate it?"
Hearing his father ask about his cultivation method, Luo Zheng also nodded.
The 《Ten Thousand Laws Enemy》 was a very amazing cultivation method. Just like the one recommended by the second martial brother he met, if he successfully cultivated the 《Ten Thousand Laws Enemy》, he could sever karma and get rid of the Mandate of Heaven!
However, in the past few years, Luo Zheng had spent a lot of time cultivating it, but when he comprehended it, he felt that it was very difficult to understand.
"It's not your fault. The 《Ten Thousand Laws Enemy》 is one of the most powerful cultivation methods in Huanyu. If you don't have a lot of karma, it's really difficult to cultivate it … But here, you can get twice the result with half the effort!" Luo Xiao said lightly.

Chapter 1649
After Luo Zheng finished pacifying the Demon Night Clan, his next step would be to confront the saints.
During this time, Maha had been constantly suppressing the 'potential' of the universe within Sunflower Water World. Many elite World Lords went to Sunflower Water World, but they were all killed by Maha!
In the universe, there were also quite a few people who roared in doubt. Where did Luo Zheng go? Where did those Dao children go?
The Empyreans of the saints and demi-immortal clans had begun to surround Sunflower Water World. It was likely that a decisive battle with the saints would erupt at any moment.
If this battle began, those World Lords and Great World Lords would likely be nothing more than cannon fodder. The true main force would be the Empyreans of both sides!
Because the Demon Night Clan's internal strife had been resolved, the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Race would be able to lend a helping hand to humanity. Also, the Empyreans of the various large and small races in the universe would join the human camp.
Even so, the number of Empyreans in the Great Expansion Universe was far fewer than the saints.
Whether it was the only True Divinity of the Empyrean Race, Startail, or the old Patriarch, neither of them had much confidence in winning. This was an unequal war. Even if Luo Zheng returned, the atmosphere in the universe was still very pessimistic.
This time, Luo Xiao wanted to push Luo Zheng behind his back once more!
In the past, Second Senior-apprentice Brother Yu Shenfeng also understood that Luo Zheng would face an Empyrean powerhouse sooner or later, so he recommended the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy. This cultivation method could be called a weapon that could restrain Empyreans!
However, although this cultivation method seemed simple and easy to understand, it was actually extremely difficult to cultivate.
The fastest way to cultivate the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy was to spar with an Empyrean. Moreover, an Empyrean would need to use Mandate of Heaven's methods.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng didn't possess these conditions. Thus, no matter how hard he tried to comprehend the mysteries within, he still wasn't able to enter the door …
"The Ten Thousand Laws Enemy is divided into two sections: the Profound Path Chapter and the Profound Path Chapter!
"The Profound Path Chapter is to cut off the cause, and the Profound Path Chapter is to destroy the effect!"
When an Empyrean's Karma or Mandate of Heaven was released, it was often unreasonable. Some supernatural abilities only needed to trigger a simple 'cause' in order to harvest the 'effect'. with this Karma connection was truly fierce!
For instance, the Roar Command also stimulated a Karma Law.
With the strength of a cultivator, it was impossible for their voice to spread to every corner of the universe.
However, this roar contained a "cause". As long as it was activated, the sound would spread throughout the universe. This was the law of karma formed by the laws of the Grand Evolution Universe.
In the Book of Ten Thousand Laws, the 'Cutting the Cause' was to cut off the connection between cause and effect!
If the karma was split into two and no longer connected, the Mandate of Heaven would lose its effect.
An Empyrean who had lost Heaven's Mandate would only be slightly stronger than an ordinary sector lord. That wasn't terrifying at all …
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng, who was sitting upright on the Golden Light Avenue, was silently reciting the mnemonic formula of the Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book in his mind. Then, he suddenly pulled out a long sword.
The Da Qian Heavy Sword had already fallen into the depths of the Xixia World, penetrating through the entire great world and falling into the lower realms. At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't have time to retrieve it. Right now, Luo Zheng could only use a second tier divine tool as a temporary replacement.
When Luo Zheng activated the Book of Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book, a faint light suddenly spread across his arm. This light looked very faint, and didn't contain much power within it!
As Luo Zheng continued to activate it, the faint light gradually spread towards the long sword in his hand.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's long sword was dyed with a faint light. The originally snow white surface of the sword looked very faint!
This light was the 'Divine Light of Cause' recorded in the Book of Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book. Condensing the 'Divine Light of Cause' … Luo Zheng was rarely able to do so.
With his talent, there weren't too many shackles for him to practice many cultivation methods.
Not far away, when Luo Xiao saw the 'Divine Light of Cause', he nodded slightly towards Luo Zheng. His eyes flashed, and a golden light flashed violently from the screen. Immediately, green lightning extended from the golden light.
This was a profound meaning of the tenth layer of the Law of Thunder. It was called 'Thunder of Nirvana', and it was created by Luo Xiao himself.
This Thunder of Nirvana wasn't very powerful. It was specially used to restrain evil things. If it was used to attack souls, it would be more effective than ordinary lightning.
"Pa!"
Seeing the Thunder of Nirvana flash towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, who was originally sitting upright on the ground, suddenly turned over and dodged the green lightning. At the same time, the long sword in his hand rolled up. The long sword was like a green waterfall, and it slashed towards the green lightning!
"Whoosh!"
As the sword slashed down, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his hand go numb. The Thunder of Nirvana was like a swimming fish, quietly passing through the edge of Luo Zheng's sword and returning to the screen!
Seeing this scene, Luo Xiao shook his head slightly. "The 'Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book' is not a cultivation method to increase one's strength. You can think of the 'Divine Light of Cause' as a kind of law of cause and effect. Cause and effect may seem powerful, but if there is no cause, there will be no effect. Only by breaking one's thoughts and thoughts can one have the comprehension of breaking teeth. Do you understand?"
Luo Zheng calmly comprehended his father's words.
The reason why the law of cause and effect was powerful was because it formed a whole. The cause was the cause of the Mandate of Heaven. Just like a newborn baby, it was also the starting point of the Mandate of Heaven. The truly terrifying thing was the effect, not the cause!
What he had to do was to first strangle the 'cause'. At that time, there would be no so-called 'effect'.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng had a trace of understanding in his heart.
"Again." Luo Xiao had always been a very strict person. His requirements for Luo Zheng would only be higher.
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have returned to his childhood. His father had taught him to read and practice martial arts time and time again. He felt a sense of nostalgia.
The Thunder of Nirvana once again flew out from the screen. The moment it approached Luo Zheng, the 'Divine Light of Cause' in Luo Zheng's hand flashed again, and he attacked the Thunder of Nirvana!
The Thunder of Nirvana was cut in two by Luo Zheng and returned to the screen.
The cause and effect contained in the Thunder of Nirvana had not been severed. This time, he still did not succeed …
"Again!" Luo Xiao frowned slightly and shouted.
"Bang!"
The Thunder of Nirvana once again flew towards Luo Zheng, but it failed every time.
"Again!"
Thus, the Thunder of Nirvana struck Luo Zheng's body again and again before flying back to the screen.
Although the Thunder of Nirvana was simply activated and its power was not great, it still caused Luo Zheng's soul to constantly tremble as it flowed through Luo Zheng's body. The Thunder of Nirvana had a restraining effect on souls. Naturally, it could affect Luo Zheng's soul.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was unable to successfully cut off the cause, Luo Xiao became even more strict!
"One Mandate of Heaven is not enough to stimulate your potential. Then let's use another one!" As Luo Xiao's voice fell, another Mandate of Heaven flickered on the screen opposite him. A cool breeze was formed from the Mandate of Heaven. As the cool breeze continuously condensed, it transformed into a wind eagle and attacked Luo Zheng!
This was one of the profundities of the tenth level of the Law of Wind, the Spirit of Wind Molding!
In order to squeeze out Luo Zheng's potential, Luo Xiao could only use this method to force him!
"Swoosh!"
The wind eagle charged straight at Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword, his longsword sliced through the wind eagle's body!
However, the wind eagle was formed from the profundities of the Law of Wind. How could it fear Luo Zheng's longsword?
"Rip …"
The wind eagle's sharp claws directly grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulders. Even though Luo Zheng's body was extremely tyrannical, the profundities of the Law of Wind in its claws were extremely sharp. It left two claw marks on Luo Zheng's shoulders!
After the wind eagle attacked, it circled in the air for a while before returning to the screen …
However, just as Luo Zheng finished dealing with it, the Thunder of Nirvana struck him head-on!
"Pa!"
The green lightning struck Luo Zheng's head. Although Luo Zheng had cultivated a Gold Battle Soul, he still could not withstand this blow. Luo Zheng felt his soul tremble as he fell to the ground, his vision turning black.
At this moment, Luo Xiao had his hands behind his back as he looked at Luo Zheng on the ground. "Get up!"
Luo Zheng's face was pressed against the golden path. Although he felt dizzy, he gritted his teeth and got up!
However, just as he grabbed his longsword and got up, a majestic purple flame lion appeared not far away!
"Roar!"
The profundities of the Law of Fire, the Mandate of Heaven, the Myriad Devouring Fire Seed …
More than a billion years ago, an Empyrean in the Dayan Universe had integrated the Mandate of Heaven, the Myriad Devouring Fire Seed. Although this Mandate of Heaven was a middle-level Karma Law, it allowed that Empyrean to match an upper level Empyrean. It was an extremely powerful Mandate of Heaven!
The purple flame lion roared and charged straight at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of the Law of Fire. The problem was that he had to fight against the Mandate of Heaven.
Facing the Fire Lion that was pouncing towards him, Luo Zheng's longsword, "Decapitation Divine Light", shone brightly. A determined look appeared on his face as he clenched his teeth and roared, "Break!"
"Yo …"
Then, a strange scene unfolded …

Chapter 1650
"It's working!"
Luo Zheng stared at the Fire Lion with shining eyes.
This fire lion contained the Myriad Devour Fire Seed, which was why it was emitting purple flames. However, after Luo Zheng severed the Heaven's Will, all of the purple flames dissipated!
As the Fire Lion leaped back onto the screen, Luo Xiao's face revealed a gratified smile.
The Book of Ten Thousand Laws seemed easy, but it was extremely difficult to truly comprehend the essence of it. Luo Zheng comprehended the first chapter of Dao Mystery much faster than Luo Xiao expected …
At this moment, Luo Xiao gently waved his hand, and the golden light on the screen kept flickering. The Thunder of Nirvana and the Wind Eagle once again shot toward Luo Zheng!
Seeing these two Wills of Heaven, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed sharply!
He gently stretched out the long sword in his hand, and a sword flower rushed out. "Cut for me!"
"Whoosh …"
The Divine Light of Karmic Severance had completely become the nemesis of the Wills of Heaven. The clear light flashed, and the Wind Eagle pouncing toward Luo Zheng let out a mournful cry. The Will of Heaven of the Wind Spirit was cut off by Luo Zheng, and it turned into a scattered gust of wind and returned to the screen!
The Thunder of Nirvana was also cut by Luo Zheng's sword. When the clear light and the Thunder of Nirvana intersected, the Thunder of Nirvana lost its original color and returned to an ordinary bolt of lightning, escaping into the golden light on the screen.
This scene made Luo Xiao nod his head continuously. Then he said, "Although the Book of Ten Thousand Laws has a strong restraining power against the law of karma, when facing those Celestial Venerables, the situation will change a lot. Originally, it was very complicated, so you can't be careless!"
The Wills of Heaven activated by Luo Xiao were only the most basic applications. After all the Celestial Venerables carried their own Wills of Heaven, they all exerted the potential of the Wills of Heaven to the extreme. When those Celestial Venerables used the law of karma, the power was naturally unimaginable. It would definitely not be like now, where it could casually cut off the Wills of Heaven.
After Luo Xiao finished speaking, he gently waved his hand again …
On the screens on both sides of the Way of Heaven, the golden light began to flicker one after another, and the Wills of Heaven were activated by Luo Xiao.
"Hu hu hu hu hu hu …"
The Wills of Heaven emitted an aura that made the entire Golden Avenue tremble unceasingly …
At this moment, the Celestial Venerables in the Great Expanse of Heaven were all looking at at at the same time.
The Way of Heaven was somewhat unusual....
From the moment Luo Zhengyi started cultivating the "Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book", the Heavenly Dao had begun to tremble unceasingly. They originally thought that another Empyrean had fallen, but they never thought that the trembling of the Heavenly Dao would continue for a long time.
If this was truly a tremor caused by the death of an Empyrean, then even if all 128 Empyreans died, this tremor wouldn't have lasted for so long!
"There must be some mystery in the Heavenly Dao!"
..............
.. is...............
The Celestial Venerables were also constantly guessing …
Unfortunately, although the Celestial Venerables could deduce the people and things in the universe, they were not qualified to pry into the mysteries of the Way of Heaven. So far, besides Luo Zheng and Jiang Yu 'er, no one else in the Great Expanse of Heaven had ever stepped into the Way of Heaven. That was a place that no one in the Great Expanse of Heaven could imagine.
Naturally, they did not know that the Way of Heaven was trembling because of Luo Zheng's cultivation.
The Wills of Heaven on the screens were constantly entering. These Wills of Heaven had different forms, and some of them only represented certain abilities and could not be turned into specific targets. But no matter what form they took, these Wills of Heaven were constantly rushing towards Luo Zheng!
Swish swish swish swish …
Luo Zheng's long sword danced around him. Wherever the sword edge passed, it dragged out strands of black hair. These strands of black hair were like tangles, wrapping around his entire body!
Any Wills of Heaven that approached Luo Zheng were instantly cut off by Luo Zheng's karmic connection, turning into a beam of golden light that returned to the screen!
This' Cutting Karmic Connection 'was only one move. Once one thoroughly comprehended it, they would completely understand it!
To others, these Wills of Heaven's karmic connections were the highest level of strength. But in front of Luo Zheng's sword, they were fragile.
Although Luo Zheng had completely grasped this move, Luo Xiao still didn't relax in the slightest …
Seeing his son's nimble figure, Luo Xiao was originally overjoyed. But before long, the smile on his face gradually faded and a trace of worry appeared in his eyes.
"Shua!"
After cutting off the last Wills of Heaven, Luo Zheng's long sword spun in a circle in the air before being placed into Luo Zheng's spatial ring. He turned to look at Luo Xiao. As he noticed his father's expression, he immediately asked with concern, "Father, what's wrong?"
His father was normally extremely dignified. For him to have such an expression at this moment, there must be something extremely important on his mind.
Luo Xiao didn't evade Luo Zheng's question. Instead, he stared at Luo Zheng and lightly said, "You are the universe's number one Dao Child. You have the protection of the Demi-Immortal Clan as well as the support of your father. Although you have experienced some tribulations in this universe, overall your journey has been smooth sailing, but …"
Luo Xiao paused for a moment and then continued, "If the Universe of Dayan survives this crisis, then when you step into the Realm of the Gods in the future, your encounters won't be so simple."
The tribulations that Luo Zheng had experienced these past years could be described as frightening but not dangerous. Moreover, many of these frightening dangers had been secretly arranged by Luo Xiao. But as a father, Luo Xiao had always been protecting Luo Zheng from behind, never leaving his side!
In Luo Xiao's eyes, Luo Zheng was still a toddler learning to walk. As a father, he had always placed his hands on Luo Zheng's shoulders. Whenever Luo Zheng was about to fall, he would help him up.
This kind of care was the fatherly love that Luo Xiao silently gave. But Luo Zheng would eventually grow up and leave the universe.
In the Universe of Dayan, Luo Xiao was the master. He was the omnipotent and omniscient Lord of Dayan. This was also equivalent to Luo Zheng's home field, Luo Zheng's home …
If Luo Zheng really stepped into the Realm of the Gods, Luo Xiao's hands would no longer be able to stretch so far. Then, who would help Luo Zheng?
The Realm of the Gods was a true and complete world!
Even a Saint couldn't transform the entire Realm of the Gods. If Luo Zheng stepped into the Realm of the Gods, then the cruel competition would truly begin. That would be Luo Zheng's starting point. Falling down in the Realm of the Gods meant complete death!
"Father, is it because of that fellow Mu Haiji?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Xiao's meaning was similar to Mu Haiji's. Luo Zheng was able to run amok in the Universe of Dayan and walk step by step until now. Although he relied on himself, his father also played a significant role. Once he stepped into the Realm of the Gods, it wouldn't be so simple …
"No," Luo Xiao shook his head. "Mu Haiji is telling the truth. The Realm of the Gods will be more difficult than you think … If Zheng 'er enters the Realm of the Gods and can't find a chance, don't force yourself …"
Luo Xiao's purpose in raising Luo Zheng was indeed to save himself.
Luo Zheng had smoothly reached this step and had never let him down.
But at this point, Luo Xiao had thoughts of retreating. He didn't want Luo Zheng to take such a huge risk to go against the Templars for his sake. He would rather Luo Zheng settle down in some corner of the Realm of the Gods and live peacefully for the rest of his life.
Hearing his father's words, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly became serious. He stared at Luo Xiao and said, "According to father's words, why doesn't Zheng 'er give up now?"
"Give up now?" Luo Xiao's eyes narrowed slightly.
"Father has carefully cultivated this child, so naturally, there is still a chance for survival. This child must do his best to live up to Father's expectations. If Father doesn't care about your own life and death, why did you let this child suffer so much and let Luo Yan separate from this child? Then what's the point of the Martial Dao that I've always strived for? "Luo Zheng stared at Luo Xiao and continued.
Seeing Luo Zheng's serious gaze, Luo Xiao was stunned for a while before he sighed deeply.
What Luo Zheng said was indeed correct.
The current Luo Xiao was just cherishing Luo Zheng, but his fatherly love was too narrow.
When a person cultivated to this level, what they pursued was no longer a comfortable life, nor was it glory, splendor, or wealth. Instead, they wanted to pursue their own heart that had never changed!
Luo Xiao's apprehension not only showed that he was looking down on his son, but also erased Luo Zheng's heart. He shouldn't have done so.
Moreover, since Luo Xiao had made this arrangement, he was like an arrow that had been shot. There was no turning back.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1651
Hearing his father's sigh, Luo Zheng smiled. His eyes quietly lit up as he clasped his hands towards Luo Xiao and said, "Father, believe in me!"
The confidence in his eyes was unprecedentedly strong, as if he could overcome any difficult problem!
Luo Xiao was able to become a Saint, so he naturally understood the difficulties. Although in his eyes, Luo Zheng's confidence was incomparably childish, it was purely a newborn calf that was not afraid of tigers.
However, under the encouragement of Luo Zheng's aura, he felt slightly comforted and nodded. "Mm! Next, I will teach you how to construct the inner world … "
Letting Luo Zheng cultivate the "Primal Chaos Secret Technique" was a risky and crazy move.
After all, no one had ever tried to transform their own physical body into such a way that it could really contain the primal chaos within it.
Because of this, Luo Xiao and Gu Bei, the two Saints, even argued about it. Luo Xiao felt that there was no need to take this risk!
Luo Xiao was in favor of Luo Zheng following the cultivation system. After all, the entire cultivation system had been passed down in the divine realm and was already a very mature system. As Sages, they had reached the pinnacle of the cultivation system!
Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, Jiu …
Three Saints devoted all their efforts to nurture Luo Zheng. This was probably a treatment that was hard to come by.
At that time, Gu Bei and Luo Xiao held completely opposite views!
"Have you ever seen a Saint's son become a Saint?"
Gu Bei refuted Luo Xiao with one sentence, leaving him speechless.
In countless divine eras, some Saints had fallen and the universe had been shattered …
Whether it was the current Saints or the fallen Saints, there had never been a second Saint among their direct descendants.
If Luo Zheng wanted to fight against Mu Haiji, his goal must be to become a Saint. However, Gu Bei felt that this probability was too low. Even if Luo Zheng and Luo Yan's origins were extraordinary, it would not be easy to become a Saint!
If Luo Xiao followed the Cultivation system, the possibility of him saving himself or even taking revenge was too low.
Back then, Sage Jiu had also been on Gu Bei's side. Sage Jiu was an expert in the art of deduction. After deducing according to Luo Zheng's plan, he quickly came up with an answer. If he let Luo Zheng cultivate step by step, the probability of Luo Zheng creating a miracle was less than one in three hundred thousand …
This probability wasn't low. Amongst the countless lives of the world, the number of martial artists that could become Saints was one in a trillion, or even one in a trillion. Every Saint was an absolute favorite of the Realm of the Gods. They had to go through countless trials and tribulations in order to grasp onto this slim chance of becoming a Saint, and only then would they be able to occupy a place in the Holy Temples!
The probability of one in three hundred thousand was indeed not low. This was because of Luo Zheng's special background and the careful guidance of the three Sages.
When Saint Jiu was deducing, he had already set these conditions in advance!
The key was that Luo Xiao only had one chance to save himself!
Once the plan started, there was no stopping it …
From this point of view, this hope was a little too slim.
Thus, Gu Bei and Sage Jiu stood on the same front. If they wanted to save Luo Xiao, if they wanted to create a miracle, they could only take an unconventional path and take an even greater risk. Because only in this way could they create a miracle.
The final result was what was happening right now.
Luo Zheng had lived up to expectations and had walked his own path within the 'Primal Chaos System'. No one knew what achievements Luo Zheng would be able to achieve in the future, but at least for now, it seemed that he had succeeded!
Unfortunately, even with Gu Bei's intelligence, he was unable to predict just how far the 'Primal Chaos System' would develop. In truth, if the 'Primal Chaos Secret Technique' was placed within the True Essence system, it could only be considered a 'beginner' level cultivation method.
It only taught Luo Zheng how to open up the Primal Chaos Sea and how to control the Primal Chaos Qi. As for the application of the Primal Chaos Qi and the construction of the world, it was all something that Luo Zheng had discovered by himself.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's exploration of the path had not gone wrong. At the very least, the world within his body had expanded to a considerable extent. Moreover, it was a real world that was comparable to the Realm of the Gods. The creatures within were not formed from True Essence, but were constructed from Primal Chaos!
The problem that puzzled Luo Zheng was how to expand this world and how to construct it … He had no prior experience and could only bitterly fumble around by himself.
As the architect of the universe, Luo Xiao's understanding of the world within his body was far richer than that of an ordinary martial artist. Naturally, he could help Luo Zheng.
Hearing his father's words, Luo Zheng nodded without the slightest resistance. After all, he still had many questions regarding the world within his body that he had opened up.
After the expansion of the world within his body, Luo Zheng had secretly conducted some experiments.
For example, when he took out the fishes within his body, the fishes did not disappear. According to the level of the Primal Chaos World, these creatures formed from Primal Chaos should all be "Same Level Creatures." Theoretically, these creatures were all qualified to survive in the Realm of the Gods and were not restricted by the Heavenly Dao.
After that, Luo Zheng had conducted another experiment. He had captured a low-level vicious beast, the "Fiery Poison Crab," and placed it into his own world.
Casually placing creatures into his world within his body still made Luo Zheng somewhat uncomfortable. The moment that low-level Fiery Poison Crab was placed into his world, a strange scene appeared.
Luo Zheng felt that this world began to produce a feeling of rejection. At this moment, this world within his body had become a whole, rejecting the entry of the Fiery Poison Crab. Immediately, cracks began to appear on the surface of the Fiery Poison Ant. This kind of sturdy ant became abnormally fragile, and its body began to disintegrate.
That Fiery Poison Crab first broke into relatively large fragments, then into bits of powder, and then into dust.
In the end, not even a trace of dust was left. It turned into a faint wisp of True Essence, dissipating into Luo Zheng's world within his body!
After other martial artists opened up their world within their body, they could place creatures into their world within their body. Some Saints even had their own family members living within their bodies, but Luo Zheng's world within his body could not. Entering his world within his body was equivalent to entering the Realm of the Gods. The only consequence of forcibly crossing the Heavenly Dao was to be disintegrated and reduced into a wisp of True Essence!
"Don't have any thoughts of resistance. Lead me into your world with you," Luo Xiao said.
When Luo Xiao approached, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved, and he took his father's wisp of Qi into his world within his body. At the same time, Luo Zheng also brewed an internal incarnation!
As a Saint of the Realm of the Gods, Luo Xiao naturally would not be rejected like the Fiery Poison Ant when he entered Luo Zheng's world within his body …
After a short while, Luo Xiao's wisp of Qi floated high in the sky of this world, looking at the nine massive stars not far away. At this moment, he could not help but exclaim in admiration, "Bringing the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier into his world within his body as a Realm Lord, truly a miraculous existence …"
After some True Gods opened the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, those nine stars floated above the True God's dantian.
As the saying went, "Abdomen like a drum of stars, radiant with nine radiances." Thus, True Gods who refined their bodies only had nine protruding pearls flickering with light in their abdomens. That was the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier.
However, True Gods did not have the qualifications to bring the nine stars into their world within their body. Only some top-level True Gods could merge their world with the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier when they constructed their universe and started to become Saints!
Luo Xiao had experienced this process and was very clear how difficult it was to merge the nine stars with the world within one's body.
Now, Luo Zheng was at the Realm Lord tier and had already merged the two into one. If this happened in the Realm of the Gods, it would probably make countless True Gods go crazy. This was really too inconceivable.
Cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Arts was admittedly an unorthodox path, but now it looked like it was indeed a wise choice. Luo Xiao also sighed inwardly. He could not imagine how much potential his son still had to be unearthed!
He and Luo Zheng glided downwards towards the world within their bodies. The aura that greeted them was completely different from that of the Great Expansion Universe.
Luo Zheng himself did not realize the uniqueness of this aura, but Luo Xiao was very clear … this was the aura of the Realm of the Gods!
In essence, the entire Realm of the Gods was actually formed by the Qi of Primal Chaos. However, the living beings in the Realm of the Gods were unable to control the Qi of Primal Chaos, and could only settle for the next best thing, thus developing a complete cultivation system!
"This place can really be called a small Realm of the Gods," Luo Xiao said slowly as he sized up this world. As Luo Xiao further sized up the world within Luo Zheng's body, he felt more and more that Gu Bei and Jiu's choice back then was correct. These two crazy old friends proposed a crazy plan, but it allowed his son to walk a path that no one had ever walked before …
Luo Zheng also had a certain degree of understanding of the Realm of the Gods, so he naturally understood Luo Xiao's meaning. At this moment, he suddenly remembered something and bowed slightly towards Luo Xiao. "Father, after I stepped into the Realm Lord tier, a strange thing happened in the world within my body."
"Oh? What strange thing? "Luo Xiao asked, puzzled.
"Father, follow me and you'll know." After saying this, Luo Zheng led the way in front, and Luo Xiao followed closely behind.

Chapter 1652
After Luo Zheng stepped into the World Lord realm, his inner world had a true boundary.
However, an ordinary World Lord's inner world would only be covered by a transparent curtain of light that divided it into specific boundaries. It was similar to the transparent barriers of the boundless universe. However, the barriers in Luo Zheng's inner world were a bit special!
Above the barrier, huge golden Sanskrit characters were floating!
With Luo Zheng's current knowledge, he was still unable to decipher the meaning of these golden Sanskrit characters. Thus, he was extremely curious about their origins.
This time, his father wanted to guide him in constructing the Divine Realm, so Luo Zheng naturally led his father here.
On the endless Chaos Sea, Luo Xiao and Luo Zheng floated above it …
Although Luo Xiao was only a soul, the strength of a Saint's soul far surpassed that of an ordinary Empyrean. It was enough to rival a True Divinity existence. Even from far away, he could already see these golden Sanskrit characters!
At this moment, as Luo Xiao saw this scene, his eyes were filled with disbelief!
"These … these are their characters!"
The 'they' that Luo Xiao spoke of referred to those 'life forms that leapfrog levels'.
A long time ago, some peak characters of the Divine Realm had already discovered the existence of these life forms.
The people of the Realm of the Gods had never stopped researching these 'leapfrogging life forms'. However, even after so many divine epochs had passed, no one knew the origins of these leapfrogging life forms. Even their appearance, gender, composition, and so on were unknown!
This race seemed to be completely above the knowledge of True Divinities and Saints!
So far, there were still many life forms in the Divine Realm that had a strong interest in this race. They seized every opportunity to research the origins of this race and obtain information about it!
Among them, Saint Jiu and Gu Bei were outstanding figures!
For example, Luo Xi Xuan's page of thunder Sanskrit characters and the golden Sanskrit characters on Luo Zheng's body. This was the first time they had deciphered and used these Sanskrit characters.
However, the effects were astonishing!
After Luo Zheng used these golden Sanskrit characters to transform his body, the strength of his body had already far surpassed that of a living creature. It was also because his body had become so tyrannical that he could withstand the chaos energy in his inner world and cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Technique.
"Father, why would these golden Sanskrit characters appear at the edge of the inner world?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Xiao stared at those golden Sanskrit characters, floating motionlessly in the air. He didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, he flew along the edge of his inner world, his gaze constantly sweeping over those golden Sanskrit characters …
His father's flying speed was naturally incomparably fast, but as the creator of this inner world, Luo Zheng didn't need to circulate the Laws of Space at all. With just a thought, he could appear anywhere!
As Luo Xiao flew around the edge of the Inner World, Luo Zheng's figure kept flickering behind him.
At this stage, Luo Zheng's Inner World was not very wide. It was only about the size of four Great Chiliocosms.
In Luo Xiao's Great Evolution Universe, each Great World had over a thousand Great Worlds, and each universe had over a hundred thousand Great Worlds. In comparison, Luo Zheng's internal world was incomparably tiny.
In less than an incense stick of time, Luo Xiao had already circled around Luo Zheng's Inner World. Then, his footsteps suddenly came to a stop.
When Luo Zheng appeared in front of him, Luo Xiao stared at Luo Zheng with a strange expression, his eyes filled with incomprehension and disbelief.
"Father, what's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"There are a total of 1,080 golden Sanskrit characters. These golden Sanskrit characters should have been deliberately left behind," Luo Xiao concluded.
"Deliberately left behind? Why would they leave behind these Sanskrit characters? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Xiao shook his head, "With my current Soul Qi, it is impossible for me to decipher the mysteries of these golden Sanskrit characters, but there must be some important information left behind. They want to tell you something."
Golden Sanskrit characters were a very unique type of characters. Each character contained a wealth of information. Just by looking at the shape of the characters, one could not obtain any information. One had to combine all of them together to make a judgment. Moreover, the entire process of deciphering these Sanskrit characters was very time-consuming and exhausting!
However, deciphering these Sanskrit characters would greatly benefit a martial artist.
For example, the Highest Artifact Refining Technique … had been deciphered by Jiu Sheng. As for Luo Xi Xuan's Thunder Sanskrit, it had been deciphered by Gu Bei …
The Realm of the Gods was an isolated island in the Primal Chaos. Apart from Saints who could roam the Primal Chaos, even the most powerful True Divinities were unable to enter.
And after experiencing countless Divine Epochs, the cultivation system's cultivation methods, cultivation methods, Laws, Divine Dao … had all been thoroughly studied. It was very difficult to make any major breakthroughs.
In the Realm of the Gods, countless martial artists had their eyes fixed on these golden Sanskrit characters. They wanted to comprehend a cultivation method that could allow them to surpass their level and obtain a strength that had never appeared in the Realm of the Gods!
This sort of thing had happened before. There had once been a martial artist who had become a Saint because he had deciphered an extremely powerful cultivation method from these golden Sanskrit characters.
Previously, when Luo Zheng had returned to Immortal Mansion and met the Book Immortal, the Book Immortal had told Luo Zheng that his son, Luo Nian, would definitely be a treasure in the Realm of the Gods. The Book Immortal had always praised Luo Nian's talent in deciphering Sanskrit characters …
At the time, Luo Zheng hadn't taken the Book Immortal's words to heart. Now that he heard his father say this, he realized that Luo Nian truly possessed an amazing ability.
Luo Xiao studied the golden Sanskrit characters for a long time. Although he had made this conjecture, he was still unable to decipher the meaning of these golden Sanskrit characters. He was even more unable to understand why these golden Sanskrit characters had appeared here.
"If you have the chance, you must decipher them when you go to the Realm of the Gods." Although Luo Xiao was unable to decipher these golden Sanskrit characters here, from his point of view, the Sanskrit characters that had appeared in Luo Zheng's Inner World definitely contained something extraordinary.
"Mm." Luo Zheng nodded. After all, this was his Inner World. No matter what the purpose was, Luo Zheng had to figure it out himself.
Luo Xiao wandered around this Inner World. Then, he shook his head at Luo Zheng. "Your Inner World is still too small …"
"Too small?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
Luo Zheng didn't know just how large other people's Inner Worlds were …
What he didn't know was that when one cultivated to the World Lord realm and a boundary appeared in their Inner World, World Lords would try to expand their Inner World as much as possible. After all, World Lords had extremely high requirements for the amount of true essence they had. The wider their Inner World was, the more true essence it could hold. This was a very urgent requirement for World Lords.
However, this problem didn't exist for Luo Zheng.
For other martial artists, their Inner Worlds swallowed the heaven and earth origin energy of the universe, accumulating it bit by bit. If their true essence was overly consumed, they would need to constantly meditate and absorb the heaven and earth origin energy of the outside world into their own true essence sea.
Of course, there was an even simpler and faster method. That was to directly crush a top grade true essence stone and absorb the true essence within …
And Luo Zheng's Inner World had an extremely dense amount of chaos energy. To Luo Zheng, it was simply inexhaustible!
Moreover, Luo Zheng could use the roots of the World Tree to collect the chaos energy of the universe. Thus, expanding his Inner World wasn't an urgent requirement.
But in Luo Xiao's eyes, expanding his Inner World was an extremely important matter.
In the end, he was a Saint who had constructed a universe. In this aspect, he could be said to be at the forefront of the Divine Realm civilization. When Luo Xiao noticed the massive ice tree within Luo Zheng's Inner World, a surprised smile appeared on his face. "This is the profound meaning of the Icy Soul Cold Flame. You actually comprehended it from Saint Jiu!"
Under Luo Xiao's guidance, he passed on the essentials of constructing a Inner World to Luo Zheng.
For example, the Laws that one comprehended should be transformed into Law Tablets and passed down to the living beings within, guiding the living beings within one's Inner World to become powerhouses. One should take the initiative to create several continents and not allow one continent to expand without limit.
Constructing a universe was originally a very trivial matter. As Luo Xiao passed on the knowledge, Luo Zheng listened attentively.
While Luo Xiao was passing on the technique, Luo Zheng noticed that the aura coming from his father's body was becoming weaker and weaker.
His figure was condensed from Soul Aura, but his entire body seemed to be translucent. At this moment, in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, he was becoming more and more transparent, and his voice was as soft as a mosquito's …
Soul Aura was a unique method of a Saint's descent. Luo Xiao had left behind a total of fourteen Soul Auras. After the Great Evolution Universe's Cycle of Evolution began, his Soul Auras would move and look for opportunities. This Soul Aura was being consumed very quickly. Ten years ago, he had helped Luo Zheng resist the calamity of the Luck Destroying Phoenix Serpent, and this time, he had clashed with Mu Haiji's Soul Aura. Now, he was an arrow at the end of its flight.
"Father?" Luo Zheng called out.
Luo Xiao smiled faintly at Luo Zheng, but shook his head. "It's about time. This Soul Aura can only last for so long … This is the last Soul Aura I left behind in this world. If I can't wake up one day, I'm afraid I'll really fall."

Chapter 1653
Luo Xiao gazed at his son, his eyes filled with love.
In the end, Luo Zheng only saw Luo Xiao's lips move, but he was unable to tell what his father had said until Luo Xiao's soul completely dissipated.
The brown Primal Chaos Sea was slowly roiling. A few large Vicious Beasts would occasionally poke their heads out of the water to size up Luo Zheng, but after sensing Luo Zheng's aura, they would be frightened and dive back into the depths of the sea.
Luo Zheng stood motionless for a long time as he looked in the direction his father had disappeared.
It had been twenty years since he had last seen his father. To Luo Xiao, twenty years had passed in the blink of an eye, not even an instant. But to Luo Zheng, it had taken up two-thirds of his entire life.
In this period of time, he had completed his transformation from youth to youth, and his vision and strength had increased by countless times.
"We will meet again …" Luo Zheng smiled at the place where Luo Xiao had disappeared. These words seemed to be for Luo Xiao's ears, but they also seemed to be self-encouragement.
Following which, he flew towards the Central Continent of his inner world.
"Hualala …"
As Luo Zheng flew, the Primal Chaos Sea below him began to spin, turning into a waterspout that condensed in Luo Zheng's hands.
All the Primal Chaos Qi in his inner world was under Luo Zheng's control. He could freely visualize and change the shape of this Primal Chaos Qi.
The seawater constantly changed in Luo Zheng's hands, quickly forming massive tablets that floated in front of him.
Following which, Luo Zheng stretched out his finger and drew in the air at these tablets. Wherever his finger drew, Laws began to take shape, and at the same time, the tablets were coated in a layer of light gold.
Bzzz …
After the first stele was completely inscribed, countless bolts of lightning flowed through the stele. This stele recorded the power of Luo Zheng's Thunder Laws that he had comprehended!
The second tablet emitted golden light, and this golden light blossomed with Stellar Energy. This was the power of the Metal Laws.
The third tablet …
One after another, Law Tablets began to appear around Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng entered the Central Continent, Luo Zheng casually tossed a Law Tablet down.
"Boom!"
The Law Tablet embedded itself into the ground!
Luo Zheng did not stop. He continued to fly across the continent, constantly tossing Law Tablets down.
On this day, the living beings of the Central Continent saw the 'World Supporting Venerable' descend from the skies and bestow sixteen 'Divine Tablets' to enlighten the people.
All the martial artists were like thirsty travelers in the desert. They gathered around these tablets, desperately trying to absorb the Law energy within them....
Before this, a considerable portion of the martial artists in Luo Zheng's inner world had already grasped the power of Laws. But, these powers of Laws were comprehended according to the Laws of this world. There was a considerable degree of deviation and they weren't complete!
Now, with these Divine Tablets that recorded the Laws, a whole new world was presented to these martial artists. Some of the geniuses among them were able to create even stronger cultivation methods based on the Laws, and once they cultivated to a higher realm, they would be able to comprehend even deeper Laws.
This was a virtuous cycle that allowed the living beings of his inner world to rapidly advance in strength!
Luo Xiao's pointers were naturally effective. Following Luo Xiao's instructions, Luo Zheng still had many things to do in his inner world. But after placing down these Law Tablets, he dispersed his incarnation.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, he returned to the Heavenly Dao. He indifferently glanced at the Heaven's Will on the screen, no longer hesitating. He resolutely walked towards the door outside the Heavenly Dao!
Bzzz …
The moment Luo Zheng pushed open the door, an illusory door appeared in the air above the center of the Fiendnight Clan's Xixia World.
Luo Zheng had just walked out of the Heavenly Dao when he saw the environment around him. He was stunned.
Before Luo Zheng had followed his father into the Heavenly Dao, this place had still been in ruins. The massive Throne Bestowment Platform had disintegrated, and the only thing that was still intact was the Pond of Faith!
It had only been a few days, but the environment in front of him had undergone a tremendous change.
Huge trees completely covered the ruins, and the thick trunks of the trees intertwined with each other, forming a palace made of trees in this place.
All of this was due to Ying's efforts.
Although Ying's Pond of Faith had been cleanly devoured by the Ancestral Dragon, Ying had discovered some loopholes in the universe through her own exploration. These loopholes had existed because of Luo Xiao's fall. Ying had relied on these loopholes to perfectly control the Laws of Life.
In this sense, Ying had the ability of a Heavenly Venerate.
Luo Zheng swayed a few times above the palace of trees. The two giant trees in front of the palace suddenly swayed and split apart. Vines intertwined in the depths of the palace, forming a path that extended towards Luo Zheng, all the way to Luo Zheng's feet.
Luo Zheng smiled when he saw this. He stepped on the path formed by the vines and walked towards the depths of the palace of trees.
After passing through the dense thicket of trees, Luo Zheng saw a huge tree vault. The countless branches were horizontal and vertical, seemingly casually forming an exquisite structure.
Just as Luo Zheng was sizing up the place, a tall figure quietly approached him from behind. That figure was extremely nimble, shuttling through the trees without making any sound. She also concealed her aura to the extreme, completely blending into the surroundings.
However, just as that figure approached Luo Zheng, he turned around and pulled that figure into his arms, pressing his lips against hers.
Within the range of the world's will, no concealment ability could fool Luo Zheng. Naturally, concealing one's aura was useless. Luo Zheng had already discovered Xun, who was quietly approaching him.
Xun's personality was not as cheerful as Xi Youqin's, nor was she as gentle as Ning Yudie's. Behind her decisive personality was a hint of shyness. When Luo Zheng pulled her into his arms, her body seemed to have been struck by lightning, and she immediately tensed up!
However, the people of the Night Demon Clan were more civilized than the people of the Human Clan. Although Xun was nervous, she didn't run away like a human girl. She made up her mind, and with a twist of her waist, the two of them fell down the intertwined branches.
The instant the two of them fell, countless soft branches rapidly extended from below, weaving into a net in the air at an extremely fast speed. It firmly caught the two of them, and then completely wrapped them up …
On the other side of this enormous tree palace, Ying was sitting on the top of a tree. Her white legs swayed gently under her emerald green dress. There was still a trace of the Law of Life in her hand. She curled her lips helplessly. "It's broad daylight, and you're already like this …"
This palace had been set up by Ying using the Law of Life, so she could naturally sense all the minute movements in this palace. As for the moving vines and branches, they were all personally controlled by Ying.
"Roar …"
At that moment, a huge creature suddenly turned its head and rapidly extended towards her. However, when the nose of the creature was a foot away from Ying, it stopped steadily!
"Roar roar roar …"
This creature was the Ancestral Dragon. At that moment, it was roaring at Ying.
"Alright, alright, I got it …" Yao waved her hand at the Ancestral Dragon.
Ying waved her hand at the Ancestral Dragon. She placed her slender fingers on the tree trunk, and countless strange flowers and strange fruits instantly condensed from the side of this enormous tree, emitting a sweet and rich smell.
After comprehending the perfect Law of Life, Ying had the ability to "create". This ability could not only create things that she had seen before, but also things that existed in her imagination.
These strange flowers and strange fruits were the perfect food in her imagination, and now, she was using them to feed the greedy Ancestral Dragon.
"Aren't all true dragons exceedingly intelligent? It's been so long, yet it still hasn't even learned the human language. How stupid and greedy … "Ying said softly.
The Ancestral Dragon opened its mouth wide and swallowed the fragrant fruits. When it heard Ying's words, it seemed to be greatly dissatisfied. It let out a "huchi huchi" sound, protesting against Ying's evaluation …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1654
Due to the battle between Luo Xiao and Mu Haiji, the entire Xixia Realm was on the verge of collapse.
Both the higher and lower realms possessed the ability to repair themselves. However, the repair process was extremely long. Due to the severe damage done to the Xixia Realm, it was very likely that it would disintegrate on its own.
The tenth rank Sacred Lands in the Xixia Realm could only evacuate their clansmen first before finding a way to stabilize the Xixia Realm.
The responsibility of repairing the Xixia Realm naturally fell on Ying's shoulders.
During this period of time, she had spread countless Sacred Trees throughout the Xixia Realm. These enormous plants could extend their roots endlessly. Once their roots entered the ground, they would entangle with each other and pull at each other. They would be able to close the cracks and stabilize the Xixia Realm.
However, this was not something that could be done in a day. Only time could heal the wounds of the Xixia Realm.
Peace returned to the Demonnight Clan for the time being. Two of the countless king statues in the Sacred Grounds of the Demonnight Clan had been permanently extinguished … The members of the Demonnight Clan knew very well that there would only be one king in their clan now and in the future!
Apart from that, Xun had also pardoned the crimes of the Yao Night Clan members such as the Sacred Chains.
The six great factions of the Yao Night Clan instinctively supported their King. The root of the problem was still Yao.
The pardoning allowed the Yao Night Clan members who had followed Yao to heave a sigh of relief. Although they knew that with Yao's death, it would be very difficult for them to gain Xun's trust again, and it was almost impossible for them to be put in an important position in the Yao Night Clan, they were still extremely grateful to Xun for being able to keep their lives and even regain their freedom.
In truth, Xun was not a benevolent person. However, she knew that the Yao Night Clan was already in a precarious situation after experiencing such severe internal strife. They could not endure any more suffering.
The hammock made of branches swayed gently like a swing. Xun curled up her long legs and tried her best to curl up into a ball. She curled up in Luo Zheng's arms.
She had spent most of her time curled up in Luo Zheng's body over the past few years. She basically treated Luo Zheng's body as her own home. Now that she had recovered her true body through Ying's Spirit Embryo, she could not 'live' in Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng gently caressed Shaun's silk-like skin as he asked, "Have the members of the Sacred Spear Sect been rescued?"
He hadn't forgotten the promise he had made on the Illusory Battlefield. Not only did he have to save Liu Yu, but he also had to save Huan Ling from the Demon Night Clan.
"Yes!" Smog nodded.
The Sacred Spear Sect had always been Smoky's most important supporter. Over the past few days, after Smoky had gathered the members of the Council of Elders, the first thing she did was to clear the name of the Sacred Spear Sect. Now, in the entire Fiend Night Clan, three Heavenly Venerables were supporting Smoky, and she was the only king of the Fiend Night Clan. How could the other factions dare to say "no"? They could only follow Xun's arrangements obediently!
"Holy Master Divine Arrow … How is he now?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng mention the Dream God Arrow, the smoky face on Luo Zheng's chest suddenly flashed with a trace of sadness.
Although she had returned to her throne, the Dream God Arrow had fallen into the Five Decay of the Celestial Being. This was probably the worst news she had heard during this period of time …
In truth, burning one's life force normally wouldn't cause a martial artist to fall into the Five Decay of the Celestial Being. Ning Yudie's life force had nearly been exhausted, but she hadn't aged at all. But, the Dream God Arrow's Blood Extinguishing Spirit Devouring Bone Arrow had overdrawn his life force and also caused him to rapidly age!
The Five Decay of the Celestial Being was like a giant pit that one couldn't climb out of. If the Dream God Arrow had remained at the edge of the pit and hadn't fallen in, then Smog would have done everything she could to extend his life! But, once he fell into the pit, it would be impossible to pull him out.
This was the rule of the Great Evolution Universe. No one was an exception.
"He is in seclusion within the Spirit Spirit Holy Lands' Holy Tree …" This so-called seclusion was only an excuse. Smog naturally knew that the Dream God Arrow had been depressed during this period of time.
Everyone wished to live longer. Eternal life was an eternal topic in this universe.
For an Empyrean, falling into the Five Decay of the Celestial Being was an extremely painful process. Their bodies would rapidly age and a strange stench and filth would constantly gush out from their bodies. This filth simply couldn't be removed!
Thus, when some powerhouses fell into this state, they would find an excuse to go into seclusion. In truth, they didn't want their image to be known to the public. They could only choose to silently perish in a corner.
"The Five Decay of the Celestial Being … is actually a law of cause and effect, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Smog thought for a moment and then silently nodded. This wasn't wrong. It was just that no one was willing to accept this law of cause and effect, but no one could escape it!
"Perhaps I can solve it." Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Smog blinked, as if she didn't know how to react. Once she understood, her first reaction was to doubt Luo Zheng. In this world, just who could escape from the passage of time?
But then she thought about it again. Luo Zheng's status was special, not to mention that he never did anything he wasn't confident in!
At this moment, the thoughts in her mind circled around several times before she came back to her senses. "Luo Zheng, do you really have a way to solve it?"
If Luo Zheng could really solve the Five Decay of the Celestial Being, then Ying had a way to help the Dream God Arrow recover its life force.
"I can try." Luo Zheng wasn't one hundred percent sure. Although the 《Ten Thousand Laws Rival》 could sever cause and effect, the Five Decay of the Celestial Being wasn't performed in the form of the Mandate of Heaven. Thus, he didn't speak too much.
Hearing this, Smog's face revealed a smile as bright as a pearl. With a light flip, the gorgeous red satin dress instantly wrapped around her slender body. This was the first time Luo Zheng had seen such an outfit.
She originally had a body that was close to perfection, and with the embellishment, she looked elegant and refined. That spirit embryo had only started to grow rapidly after Smoky had taken over, so if one were to measure the age of her bones … Smoky was not even a month old!
"Then let's go now!"
…
…
The Fang Ling Sacred Land was the closest tenth rank Sacred Land to the Platform of Bestowment. This Sacred Land didn't have a Sacred Master. The entire Sacred Land was directly controlled by the Council of Elders.
When the people of the Holy Land saw Xun, they immediately bowed respectfully. Many of the women from the Demon Night Clan looked behind Xun. They were naturally curious about the mysterious young man from the human race who was rumored to be in the universe. Just what did he look like?
After sizing him up, they couldn't help but whisper amongst themselves. Of course, they didn't dare discuss this in front of Smog …
After entering the Fang Ling Sacred Land's Sacred Tree and passing through a narrow passage, they found the Dream God Arrow, who was in seclusion.
At this stage, seclusion was completely meaningless to the Dream God Arrow. Heavenly Venerables only needed to continuously strengthen their Mandate of Heaven and use it to its fullest potential. After inheriting the Mandate of Heaven, they couldn't become Dao Disciples, much less obtain a Divine Spark.
Rather than saying that he was in seclusion, it was more accurate to say that he was hiding here.
When Luo Zheng and Smog entered, they smelled a foul stench. This sort of disgusting smell was impossible to get rid of.
The Dream God Arrow had been handsome and refined in his youth. How could he tolerate others seeing him like this?
"Who's intruding? Hurry up and leave! "The Dream God Arrow shouted coldly. His voice was filled with displeasure.
"It's me," Smog replied softly.
The Dream God Arrow frowned, but still bowed respectfully. "My Queen, why have you come here? This place is filled with filth. My Queen's body is extremely precious …"
Smog blinked her bright eyes. "Say no more. I've come precisely for this matter!"
"This matter? What matter? "The Dream God Arrow was a bit confused.
"I'm trying to help you get rid of the Five Signs of Heaven's Decay!" Smog smiled.
"What!?" The Dream God Arrow's dim yellow eyes rolled up. "My Queen, are you trying to make fun of me …"
It wasn't that the Dream God Arrow was being too presumptuous, but rather that he had never heard of such a thing. Could the Five Signs of Heaven's Decay be removed? If there really was a way to remove it, then it wouldn't be so terrifying …
Moreover, removing the Five Signs of Heaven's Decay meant eternal life. Before becoming a True God, this was clearly impossible.
"That's why I'm just giving it a try. Besides, I have a certain amount of confidence," Luo Zheng said.
The Dream God Arrow's heart skipped a beat when he heard Luo Zheng's words. He had personally witnessed the demeanor of Luo Zheng's father. Luo Zheng was the master of this universe. All the laws in this universe were set by this brat's father. If he thought about it this way, then there really was a sliver of possibility!

Chapter 1655
From Dream God Arrow's point of view, Luo Zheng had done a lot of incredible things. For example, Yao's previous attack and that transparent giant's attack could be described as earth-shattering. Any Celestial Venerable would be severely injured or even die from such an attack, but that kid hadn't been injured in the slightest …
When a person had done a lot of incredible things, it was naturally easy to understand why he would suddenly show off some incredible abilities.
Dream God Arrow's heart was filled with anticipation, but he didn't dare to ask for too much. Still, he was extremely excited.
"Quick, Luo Zheng!" Smog urged from the side.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He raised his hand, and his spatial ring flashed with a faint light. A long sword fell out of it. Before the sword even touched the ground, Luo Zheng grabbed it and aimed it at Dream God Arrow!
"What are you doing?" Smog was stunned.
Dream God Arrow also took two steps back. He stared at Luo Zheng in shock, but he didn't know what Luo Zheng wanted to do …
"Don't move," Luo Zheng said. He held the sword in his right hand and pressed two fingers on the hilt of the sword with his left hand. Then, he gently drew a line across the blade!
"Weng …"
A misty light bloomed from the surface of the sword. This was the Karmic Divine Light. It didn't emit a powerful aura, but in the eyes of Dream God Arrow and Smog, there was a strange feeling!
It was as if this light could suppress all Laws in the world!
"This looks like the 'Ten Thousand Laws Enemy' that you once cultivated, Luo Zheng …" Smog asked curiously. Smog had seen Luo Zheng cultivate the 'Ten Thousand Laws Enemy' in Immortal Mansion. However, at that time, Luo Zheng didn't seem to have mastered it due to various reasons. Smog still remembered this misty sword light.
Luo Zheng smiled. He didn't need to hide this from Smog, so he answered honestly, "The Karmic Divine Light can sever all karma! If the Five Signs of Heavenly Decay is also a type of karma, then this Karmic Divine Light should be effective! "
Sever all karma …
What a bold claim!
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Dream God Arrow and Smokescreen's pupils dilated.
The reason why an Empyrean was so powerful was because they controlled a Heaven's Will and a Karmic Law. If Luo Zheng could really sever the Heaven's Will, then he would undoubtedly be the nemesis of an Empyrean. No Empyrean would be able to gain an advantage against Luo Zheng!
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, his sword trembled once more. The Causal Severance Divine Light on the sword instantly blossomed and extended along the tip of the sword for a distance of four feet. Then, he suddenly jumped and slashed the sword horizontally at the Dream God Arrow!
The blade of the sword didn't come into contact with the Dream God Arrow's body, but the four-foot-long Divine Light from the tip of the sword had already pierced through the Dream God Arrow's body …
The Five Decay of Celestial Being was a special state. Everyone only knew that warriors above the Divine Sea Realm would suddenly descend when they reached a certain age. As for why this state occurred and how to break this state, no one knew.
Even Luo Zheng himself wasn't sure …
The moment Luo Zheng's sword slashed at the Dream God Arrow, a mournful wail came from his body!
This strange mournful wail startled both Dream God Arrow and Smokescreen!
"Ah ah ah ah ah …"
As an Empyrean, the Dream God Arrow understood his own body very well. If something was hiding in his body, there was no way he wouldn't know. At this moment, he was looking left and right. All he could hear was screams coming from his body, but he didn't know where these screams were coming from!
"Drip drip drip …"
In addition to the screams, a filthy liquid flowed out from under the Dream God Arrow's armpits. The place where he was in seclusion was already very smelly, but now the stench was even stronger …
"What, what is going on?" The Yao Night Clan members had always liked cleanliness. If the Dream God Arrow didn't like this, then even he couldn't stand it …
Not long after, filth began to flow out from his ears, eyes, mouth, and nose. This filth also contained the body parts of some special life form. As for how this life form had entered the Dream God Arrow's body, no one knew. But whether it was Luo Zheng or Smokescreen, they both knew that the Five Decay of Celestial Being was related to this special life form in front of them!
"My King, can you leave for a moment …"
Even though the Dream God Arrow's state of mind was incomparably firm, he still felt like he was about to collapse when he saw these disgusting things coming out of his body. He could only beg Smokescreen and Luo Zheng to leave first.
Luo Zheng and Smokescreen also understood the Dream God Arrow's thoughts, so they didn't stay any longer. They left the Dream God Arrow's seclusion area. At the top of the Holy Tree, there were already many Yao Night Clan members waiting respectfully. The two of them waited in the palace for a while.
However, both Smokescreen and the Dream God Arrow were very happy. The stench released by the Five Decay of Celestial Being couldn't be washed away. Even if it was cleansed, it would quickly reappear. Moreover, impurities would continuously appear in the originally pure body, causing the body to age even faster!
Although Luo Zheng's sword strike had caused the Dream God Arrow's body to be filled with stench, Smokescreen was filled with anticipation. Although she didn't know the reason behind it, it at least showed that it was effective!
Just like that, they waited in anticipation for almost an hour …
An old man appeared in front of Luo Zheng and Smokescreen. This old man wore a white robe, and there wasn't a single speck of dust on his body. Although his face was filled with wrinkles and he looked abnormally old, his eyes shone brightly, and his spirit was hale and hearty!
The Yao Night Clan members in the palace stared blankly at the Dream God Arrow, unable to react for a moment.
The Yao Night Clan members of the Fang Ling Holy Land knew that the Dream God Arrow was in seclusion here. However, when the Dream God Arrow arrived, he was already an extremely old man with one foot in the grave. He no longer had the aura of an Empyrean, and his entire body was filled with an unbearable stench …
The Dream God Arrow before them still looked extremely old, but the stench on his body had completely dissipated. Moreover, his spirit was completely different from before. It was as if he was a completely different person!
"He really removed the Five Decay of Celestial Being …" Smokescreen stared at the Dream God Arrow in a daze.
Although the Dream God Arrow was still aging, this wasn't a problem for an Empyrean. As long as the Dream God Arrow was infused with the power of life, the Dream God Arrow would be able to recover from his old age to his middle age, or even his youth … It was completely up to the Dream God Arrow to decide what age and appearance he wanted to maintain.
At this moment, the Dream God Arrow clasped his hands and bowed deeply to Luo Zheng!
For a dignified Empyrean to bow so deeply to Luo Zheng, this kindness was unimaginably great. After all, Luo Zheng's actions were the same as granting the Dream God Arrow a second life. This was the grace of rebirth!
After thanking Luo Zheng, the Dream God Arrow bowed to Smokescreen. At this moment, the Dream God Arrow's heart was still in turmoil. "Many thanks to Luo Zheng and my King for your help. However, there is still something I don't understand. After the Five Decay of Celestial Being is removed, how should my lifespan be calculated?"
Martial artists at the Divine Sea realm and above all had their lifespan end after the Five Decay of Celestial Being appeared. Everyone's time of descent was different, but they would all face it sooner or later. This was a fair rule.
But now that the Dream God Arrow's Five Decay of Celestial Being had been removed by Luo Zheng, did this mean that the Five Decay of Celestial Being would no longer descend? From this point of view, did the Dream God Arrow possess an eternal life?
The question that the Dream God Arrow raised also struck Luo Zheng. He thought for a moment and then faintly smiled. "That does seem to make sense. If the Five Decay of Celestial Being no longer descends, then Empyrean Divine Arrow, you might possess the ability of a True Divinity … eternal life!"
The pursuit of eternal life was an eternal topic. But, this was a boundary that only those who stepped into the Realm of the Gods and became a True Divinity had the qualifications to touch upon. In the Great Yan Universe, there had never been a life form that possessed eternal life!
Just like the Refined God Child, using the body of a puppet to pursue eternal life was indeed an alternative method. But, a puppet could no longer be defined as a life form …
Smokescreen faintly smiled. "Right now, the entire universe is facing a crisis. First, we must withstand the repulse of the saints. Otherwise, let alone eternal life, whether or not we can survive another thousand years is a problem."
The war with the saints was the greatest problem placed before the various races of the universe.
"Mm." Luo Zheng calmly nodded. "That Maha has been running rampant in the Sunflower Water Realm for many days. Let's make some preparations. It's time to participate!"
For the past few days, Maha had been fighting the geniuses of the entire Grand Evolution Realm by himself. He was constantly suppressing the "influence" of the universe. The morale of the universe was getting lower and lower, and the situation was becoming more and more unfavorable for the Demi-Immortal Tribe.
After resolving the internal disputes of the Demon Night Clan, Luo Zheng also understood that the time to contend with the saints had arrived.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1656
Sunflower Water Realm was located at the intersection of the Human Dao Alliance and Gods No Thought. Its geographical location was very special.
The entire great world was like a giant swamp country, covered by a light green water. This water was called 'sunflower water', and was the origin of the name Sunflower Water Realm …
After Maha entered Sunflower Water Realm, this great world became the place that attracted the most attention in the Great Evolution Universe!
The gazes of all living beings in the universe gathered here. Many martial artists that didn't fear death entered Sunflower Water Realm, wanting to personally witness the many geniuses of the universe.
Of course, there were also many saint race martial artists mixed in!
The higher ups of the saint race and human race seemed to have reached some sort of tacit agreement. The Empyreans began to surround Sunflower Water Realm, but they absolutely wouldn't take half a step inside. Instead, they allowed the martial artists to gamble and kill each other …
Because of this, the entire Sunflower Water Realm became a giant arena. There was even an unwritten rule.
Whether it was saint race martial artists or human martial artists, after a challenge, no one else could help …
If the winner was to shout out loud, they would even use the roar command to announce it to the universe!
The loser would directly lose their lives!
As for the martial artists of both races, they only fought for glory. This was because even if they defeated their opponent, they wouldn't receive any rewards …
It was just that there were far too many crazy people in this world. Some martial artists were born to fight, and they didn't care about anything else. They only wanted to enjoy the joy of trampling other races beneath their feet!
Sunflower Water Realm would have countless gambling fights every day.
However, the one that attracted the most attention was Maha!
After Maha decided to challenge all the geniuses of the universe by himself, the number of Great World Lords that had been defeated by him had already reached over 300!
Of these, 208 were from the human race, 47 were from the demon race, and because the Demon Night clan was in internal strife, there were still people that came here. 13 of them had been defeated by Maha, and besides that, there were also over 30 World Lords from other races …
Every time Maha killed a World Lord, he would use the roar command to announce his opponent's name and race to the world. Sometimes he would even comment on the opponent's strength, but most of it was negative.
All of this was for the sake of attacking the 'potential' of the universe.
Although Maha had displayed such strength, there was still a long line of martial artists who wanted to challenge Maha. Huan Yu was facing a crisis, and many martial artists understood that this was the autumn of life and death. If they were going to die either way, then they might as well die. In this life, if they had the courage to challenge Maha, it was also a form of relief. What if they could defeat Maha?
Unfortunately, this' what if 'had never appeared..
Countless martial artists in the universe, and even countless mortals, were paying attention to the Sunflower Water Realm. Every day, they heard that martial artists had perished at the hands of Maha. It was inevitable that they were filled with righteous indignation. At the same time, they also developed resentment towards the ten Daoists in the universe!
..... where............ . Where did Xuanyuan Chenfeng......
Maha had trampled so many sector lords under his feet, and the most outstanding geniuses of the Illusion Battlefield had become turtles.
Especially Luo Zheng, when he returned to the universe that day, he made a declaration of war, which could be described as impassioned, but now he had disappeared without a trace. The huge contrast in his performance before and after made many cultivators feel ashamed in their hearts!
Because of this, the morale of the entire Great Evolution Universe began to rapidly decline!
The center of Sunflower Water Jie was a hilly region of undulating heights. Surrounding this hilly region was a small human city called Iron Moon City. Because the entire city was shaped like a crescent moon, it got its name from that.
This was a small and obscure city. Even the City Lord of Iron Moon City was only at the Divine Sea realm. Normally, there were very few martial artists that visited this place. In Iron Moon City, the tens of millions of mortals lived peaceful and quiet lives.
But when Maha placed the arena in Sunflower Water World, the entire Iron Moon City underwent a heaven-shaking change …
Countless powerhouses flooded into this small city. Divine Sea realm, Extreme Divine realm, Divine Transformation realm, World Lords, and even Great World Lords …
Humans, saints, as well as the countless smaller races of the universe, all of them could be found in this small city!
Luckily, whether it was the saints or the humans, they all carefully maintained a balance. After they provoked each other in Iron Moon City, they didn't fight in the city. Instead, they moved to the highest hill in Iron Moon City.
Iron Moon City wrapped around the hills in the shape of a crescent moon. Thus, many martial artists were able to find the best vantage point in the city. They cheered for the powerhouses of their races …
"Shua!"
A golden light flashed above the mountain!
"Hua …"
A human Great World Lord's head completely disappeared. Blood spurted out from his neck, spraying hundreds of feet into the air before slowly falling to the ground …
Maha stood in front of the human Great World Lord, his face full of mockery. He took out the Roaring Token and said, "A little monk from Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region can only take three of my moves. That's not all …"
"Aiya, even Diligent Study was defeated by Maha!"
"Diligent Study is Bitter Lamp's senior-apprentice brother and a proud son of heaven from Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region. Yet, he could only take three of Maha's moves!"
"It can only be said that Maha is too strong, so strong that he can't be defeated!"
"Humph, so what? He is only a Dao Child. Our Great Evolution Universe also has Dao Children! "
"Where are those Dao Children?"
Within Iron Moon City, in a thousand foot high restaurant, many martial artists were discussing what was happening. These martial artists all had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation. Even though they were dozens of miles away, they were still able to clearly see what was happening on the hill.
After this discussion, when the last person asked, the others immediately fell silent ….
Maha continued to provoke and slaughter, but not a single Dao Child dared to step forward!
"I, the demon race war puppet, challenge you!"
Maha had just killed a Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region martial artist when a tall and sturdy demon race Great World Lord jumped out!
Maha shook his head and said, "I already said that I will only accept three challenges each day. After killing three people, I won't do anything. If you want to challenge me, then line up …"
There were many Great World Lords quietly waiting in Iron Moon City. Many Great World Lords had come to challenge Maha, so he was naturally extremely popular!
"Humph, how could there be so many rules? Today, I, the war puppet, will cut you down with my axe!"
This demon race war puppet simply didn't plan on following the rules …
Facing the war puppet's provocation, Maha lazily stretched his waist, not placing the war puppet in his eyes at all. Instead, he turned and walked down the hills. As he did so he said, "If you want to find someone to challenge, my saint race has more than one Dao Child. Wu 'er …"
After he lightly called out, an incomparably alluring figure appeared in front of the war puppet. She charmingly smiled and said, "Before you challenge Big Brother Maha, you will have to pass through me first!"
"Smelly woman, get out of my way!"
How could this war puppet have any interest in challenging a woman?
His mountain-like body suddenly leaped, and a pair of dark golden axes crazily flipped, waving out dark golden axe shadows that enveloped his entire body, and fiercely pressed towards Maha!
Facing the war puppet's attack behind him, Maha didn't seem to see it at all. He slowly floated down the hills …
"Die for me! Heavenly Beam Slaughter Wheel! "
"Hu hu hu …"
The two axes rapidly danced, disrupting the surrounding airflow. Just as Maha was about to be sucked in, a black object suddenly shot towards the war puppet!
"Dong!"
That black object was a black bead. When the bead suddenly bounced, the power within it was astonishingly great.
The Puppet Fighter, who was holding the axe, felt that the web between his thumb and index finger on his right hand was hit by a powerful force, which made his web numb. He turned his head and saw numerous black beads floating around Shi Kongwu. His expression changed a few times.
The strength of this saint race woman in front of him was far beyond his imagination!
"I already said that your opponent should be me. Why won't you listen?" Shi Kongwu faintly smiled. Her hands constantly moved, and the black pearls seemed to have a life of their own, floating up and down around her.

Chapter 1657
Shi Kongwu gently smiled. Black beads began to rapidly dance in the air. She gracefully flew through the air, her clothes fluttering behind her like a pair of wings!
Huu …
In a flash, she rushed towards the war puppet with her bare hands!
The war puppet held a pair of dark golden axes in its hands, called the 'Blue Howling Moon Wolf'. It was an extremely famous first-grade divine artifact. As it saw this sacred race woman dare to face its twin axes with her bare hands, it was inwardly shocked. It naturally didn't think this sacred race woman was being careless!
Its tall and sturdy body leapt up. The two dark golden axes were like door planks in front of it. Then, its entire body was like a wild bull, crashing into Shi Kongwu!
"I'll smash you to pieces!"
The war puppet's body was as thick as a small mountain. In addition to the demon race's unique explosive strength, the impact of this collision wasn't small.
In comparison, if Shi Kongwu's delicate and weak body were to be struck by the war puppet, she would likely be smashed to pieces!
However, Shi Kongwu only chuckled. Those scattered black beads instantly changed their positions and began to arrange themselves in an orderly manner. She faced the war puppet's charge head-on, neither scattering nor dodging!
"That sacred race woman is really so careless! She actually dares to forcefully withstand the charge of a war puppet? "
"She must have a way to deal with it, otherwise she wouldn't be so stupid …"
"Humph, maybe it's just a diversion. If this war puppet doesn't fall for it, it can directly smash that sacred race woman to pieces!"
During this period of time, many towering pavilions had appeared on the side of Iron Moon City that faced the hill. Many cultivators had gathered in these pavilions. There were both humans and saints. They exchanged information and even challenged each other to a duel …
However, these pavilions and towers were man-made. Spending money in them required true essence stones, and the price wasn't cheap either.
However, the martial artists that dared to wander the Sunflower Water Realm had long since regarded wealth as mere worldly possessions. After all, challenging the sacred race meant that one could perish at any time. No matter how many true essence stones and Zhen Yuanyu they had, what use was that?
Just as these people's voices fell …
The War Puppet's two axes suddenly charged towards Shi Kongwu.
But the moment they collided, a strange scene occurred. Shi Kongwu's entire body was as light as a sheet of paper, without the slightest resistance. She was like a willow leaf dancing in the wind, brushing against the War Puppet's axes as she floated past!
The Puppet Fighter was also shocked. He felt as if he had crashed into a piece of cotton under his charge. The other party was not affected at all. No matter how strong he was, he could not cause any harm to Shi Kongwu!
As a Sector Lord, the Puppet Fighter's reaction was extremely fast!
Since the collision had no effect, the two axes in his hands chopped down at Shi Kongwu at the fastest speed possible!
Shi Kongwu was as light as a sheet of paper, but the War Puppet's two dark golden axes were like scissors. They crisscrossed left and right, wanting to "cut" Shi Kongwu in half.
However, when the War Puppet's two axes were about to chop down, Shi Kongwu did not show the slightest hint of panic on her face. Her soft body slightly twisted, and her whole body actually slipped through the gap between the two giant axes. She actually directly stuck herself in the War Puppet's bosom. She stretched out her hand and gently stroked the War Puppet's strong chest muscles, leaving a wisp of fragrance on the War Puppet's chest. She giggled, and there was a hint of contempt in her eyes. At this moment, if she had a dagger in her hand, the War Puppet's stomach would have already been cut open by her!
Although her smile was beautiful and her laughter was pleasant to the ears, the War Puppet had no intention of appreciating it. He knew that this woman in front of him was definitely a fierce character. Now that she was playing with him, it was clear that she didn't place him in her eyes!
In a fit of anger, he gave her a bear hug. If he could grab this Sacred Clan woman, he would definitely be able to crush her with brute force.
But at this moment, Shi Kongwu was like a slippery fish. She slipped out of the War Puppet's arms. Her clothes fluttered, and she pulled away from the War Puppet. At the same time, she raised her hands and gently clapped.
The War Puppet was startled. Only then did he realize that he was unknowingly surrounded by those black beads. These beads were arranged in an orderly manner in a formation. The moment Shi Kongwu clapped her hands, they were activated!
"Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang …"
The black beads exploded in an instant, bursting out beams of black light that completely enveloped the War Puppet!
Almost all of the weapons that Shi Kongwu possessed were single-use magic treasures. The black beads that were used to deal with the War Puppet were called "Black Flame Beads". The black flames that were produced after these black beads exploded had an extremely strong annihilation power. After the black flames exploded, they released a powerful annihilation power in the air.
After a while, the black flames gradually dissipated. Two black objects fell from the sky. They were the two axes of the War Puppet. These two axes were no longer in shape, and the dark golden light had also faded away. As for the War Puppet itself, it had been completely annihilated by the black flames.
"Boring … is there anyone else willing to challenge me?" Shi Kongwu asked.
Her gaze circled around the hill. Outside the hill, there were still many martial artists with powerful auras, but they all maintained their silence. It seemed that no one dared to challenge her today. She turned around and followed Maha …
In truth, those powerful martial artists were not afraid of this enchanting Sacred Clan woman.
It was just that this woman had countless single-use magic treasures on her, and they were all extremely powerful. Wanting to defeat her was indeed very difficult. Moreover, these martial artists thought highly of themselves. Their goal in coming to Sunflower Water Realm was to challenge Maha. They didn't have much interest in anyone else!
"Ai, let's not even talk about taking down Maha. In my Great Evolution Universe, I can't even take down a Sacred Clan woman!"
"It seems that the number of martial artists that have been defeated by this Sacred Clan woman is at least ten, right?"
"She hasn't tasted a single defeat!"
The martial artists of Iron Moon City sighed in low voices. There were even some that were drunk, casually making a sad song …
But just as Shi Kongwu turned around, a person climbed up the hill.
This person was dressed in black, and his entire body was wrapped in a thick robe. Only a pair of star-like eyes could be seen through a gap. When this martial artist reached the top of the hill, he faintly asked, "If I defeat you, can I directly challenge Maha?"
Maha's current fame was too great. In addition, he only accepted three challenges a day. Now, those who wanted to challenge Maha had to queue up.
Hearing the black-clothed man's question, Shi Kongwu turned her head again, an interested expression on her face. At the same time, she shook her head. "Actually, it's not like that!"
"What do you mean?" The black-clothed man coldly asked.
Shi Kongwu charmingly smiled. "If you defeat me, Big Brother Maha will naturally help me. Of course, he will challenge you!"
"That's good!"
The black-clothed man's goal was to target Maha. He had no interest in the word games Shi Kongwu played. With a shake of his arm, the robe covering his body shattered into pieces and drifted away with the wind. At the same time, his true appearance was revealed. It was a young man.
The young man's eyes under his sword-like eyebrows shone like stars, revealing endless pride. At the same time, he stretched out his hand and a fiery red spear appeared in his hand!
"That's … Xuanyuan Chenfeng!"
"Hahaha, I knew it. Our human race's Dao Child will finally make a move!"
"This Xuanyuan Chenfeng is an existence second only to Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming. Before Luo Zheng appeared, he was the number one Dao Child!"
"This kind of monstrous figure is terrifying when he improves. After he stepped into the realm of Sector Lord, his strength increased greatly. Now, he will only be more powerful!"
Because the Dao Children were unwilling to show up, countless warriors in the universe were disappointed.
As the saying goes, the brave win in the battle of martial arts. Many warriors understood that failure wasn't scary. What was scary was being afraid before the battle. It was also because of this that the morale of the universe was greatly affected …
These warriors didn't expect that instead of Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng would appear!
For a time, in the entire Iron Moon City's pavilions, high and low, there was a burst of cheers, as if victory was right in front of them. Even some extremely drunk warriors woke up with a start.
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng?"
The corners of Shi Kongwu's mouth curled up slightly. Her gentle and charming eyes immediately revealed a strong interest.
She understood the background of the ten Dao Children very well. When Luo Zheng returned from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, she immediately recognized Luo Zheng's origin.

Chapter 1658
"That is me."
The spear in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's hand trembled as he looked straight at Shi Kongwu.
At this stage, the 'potential' of the Great Expansion Universe had already fallen to a freezing point under Maha's suppression.
But whether it was the old Patriarch or the many Empyreans, none of them had a good method to deal with this. After all, the saints held an absolute advantage at this stage. Facing Maha's scheme, there was no way to break it!
As long as an Empyrean took action, the final battle with the saints would immediately begin. However, facing the unfathomable saints, the demi-immortals had no assurance of victory!
After discussing for a long time, they could only send out Xuanyuan Chenfeng to take a risk.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivated the Divine Dao of Truth, and his comprehension of it had reached a deep level. If he could succeed in one strike and eliminate Maha, it would be enough to buy some precious time for the universe.
Maha, who had already left the hill, suddenly stopped. He turned his head, a cold and gloomy smile on his face. "Heh, a group of sly old fellows are beginning to test me …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng sensed Maha's gaze. The tip of the spear, which was originally tilted downwards, swayed slightly. With a "hu la" sound, it gently drew a line in the air. It flashed out a dazzling spear flower, but it was pointed directly at Maha.
This was a very casual provocation, but when this long spear was pointed in the air, Maha Dun felt a faint pain on his right chest!
The right chest was the weak point of Maha's body. Back then, when his father was refining this body for him, there was a bit of carelessness, which caused his body to have this weak point. He didn't expect that Xuanyuan Chenfeng would see through it with a single glance!
"Interesting." Maha narrowed his eyes and said in a low voice, a faint trace of vigilance in his heart. It seemed that besides Luo Zheng, the other Dao Children weren't bad. He had underestimated the Dao Children of the Great Expansion Universe.
However, Maha didn't choose to interfere. Since Xuanyuan Chenfeng wanted to challenge Shi Kongwu, he could also observe.
The voices in Iron Moon City suddenly became louder. During this time, the saint martial artists held the absolute advantage. Whether it was the human race or the demon race, when they challenged the saint martial artists, they lost more often than they won.
As for those who challenged Maha, they were defeated again and again. This was no different from sending themselves to their deaths.
Under these circumstances, it was normal for them to place their hopes on Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
"A Dao Child has finally arrived. It truly is unexpected." Shi Kongwu revealed a moving smile. Her waist was perfectly straight as she slowly floated in the air.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression did not change in the slightest. "Enough nonsense. Let's do it. I'm in a hurry."
Shi Kongwu didn't care about Xuanyuan Chenfeng's attitude. Wei Shi smiled faintly, "Hasn't it already started?"
"Sou!"
The moment she finished speaking, a black pearl shot towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng frowned slightly. His reaction was extremely fast. Facing Shi Kongwu's sneak attack, he leaned back and fell down.
The moment he fell, the "Black Flame Bead" instantly exploded. Its power was naturally not ordinary, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng had already escaped without a trace.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng fell, he suddenly stopped. The long spear in his hand turned slightly, and once again rushed towards Shi Kongwu!
"That's all you've got …"
Seeing that Xuanyuan Chenfeng only continuously dodged and didn't dare to fight head-on, Shi Kongwu had a rough estimate of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength. She thought that the Dao Children of the universe were only so-so!
"Sou sou sou sou …"
With a wave of Shi Kongwu's hand, the Black Flame Beads that looked like soybeans were thrown out by her one after another …
Although this' Black Flame Bead 'was not as precious as the' Life Sacrificing Bead ', it was still not an ordinary magic treasure. Let alone ordinary martial artists, even ordinary saint race Great World Overlords wouldn't be able to squander it like this. In the eyes of the saint race martial artists, this Shi Kongwu was using her wealth to smash others!
This time, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not choose to dodge. Moreover, with so many black beads falling down, it was impossible for Xuanyuan Chenfeng to pass through them. Other than using greater teleportation to avoid them, he could only forcefully break through them!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng came to save the "influence" of the universe. Of course, he was not willing to use greater teleportation to escape.
Looking at the rapidly descending "Black Flame Pearls", a complicated pattern flickered in his eyes, and the entire world changed in his eyes.
Now that Xuanyuan Chenfeng's cultivation had greatly increased, his aura had also increased by a large margin!
"Insignificant skill!"
He didn't dodge at all. Instead, he raised his spear and pointed it towards the sky. Within a single breath, he had pointed out countless times. Moreover, every spear was grasped with incomparable precision, all of them pointing at the center of the black beads.
However, martial artists who used spears, after stepping into the Divine Sea Realm, could mostly do this, but the results would be vastly different.
These Black Flame Beads were a special method used by the Sacred Clan experts. The black flames were sealed within them. Even if they were shattered, the black flames would still erupt.
However, under Xuanyuan Chenfeng's storm-like spear thrusts, all of the Black Flame Beads cracked, but the black flames within did not erupt. This was because Xuanyuan Chenfeng could see through the flaws of these black beads. Following the flaws, he directly destroyed the entire Black Flame Bead!
"Good, as the first Dao Child, this Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength is indeed extraordinary!"
"Let's see how that Sacred Clan woman deals with it!"
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng, kill that Sacred Clan woman!"
In the eyes of many, at this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng seemed to have already won. It was also because of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's move that the atmosphere in Iron Moon City became more lively.
"The Divine Dao of Truth is indeed powerful …" Shi Kongwu praised. With a light tap of her foot, she quickly retreated. She wanted to avoid Xuanyuan Chenfeng's attack and then slowly attack …
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not intend to give Shi Kongwu this opportunity. After he shattered those black beads, he raised his foot and stepped into the air!
"Bang!"
An explosive sound came from under Xuanyuan Chenfeng's foot. His speed suddenly increased by several times, and his momentum was even more astonishing. Almost no one saw how he moved, and he strangely appeared in front of Shi Kongwu.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had a grave expression, did not have the slightest bit of pity. In his eyes, this Sacred Clan beauty before him had already turned into a thin line and a dot. In his eyes, she was nothing more than a mass of rules!
"Die!"
The tip of his spear suddenly flicked, and suddenly pierced towards one of Shi Kongwu's arms!
This scene caused the surrounding warriors to be somewhat confused. With such a good opportunity, why didn't he use his spear to destroy the Sacred Clan woman's head? Was he trying to cripple one of her hands? At this time, would Xuanyuan Chenfeng still have tender feelings for a foreign race woman? This was simply incomprehensible …
However, at this moment, Shi Kongwu's beautiful face lost all color!
If it were an ordinary method, even if Shi Kongwu's arm was destroyed, it would not harm her life.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng comprehended the Divine Dao of Truth. The weak point he comprehended could not be wrong. Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng himself felt that it was strange. Why would this woman's Mingmen be on her right arm? However, he did not have any doubts about what he saw, so this spear pierced out without any hesitation!
"Pop!"
This spear pierced through Shi Kongwu's right arm, and a pitch-black bead wrapped in a mass of blood slid out!
This pitch-black bead was Shi Kongwu's Life Sacrificing Bead!
Previously, she had seven Life Sacrificing Beads. These Life Sacrificing Beads could replace her to receive a fatal injury. When Luo Zheng returned to the universe, he broke four of her Life Sacrificing Beads with a single strike. This Shi Kongwu learned to be smart, and hid the remaining three Life Sacrificing Beads in different parts of her body.
However, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng used the Divine Dao of Truth to see through Shi Kongwu's Mingmen, he discovered that she actually had several Mingmen. This spear could be considered to have taken one of Shi Kongwu's lives!
"So that's how it is." Although Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not know the origin of this Life Sacrificing Bead, he understood that if he wanted to kill this woman, he would have to break all of her other Mingmen!
"Whoosh!"
Almost without any pause, he stabbed out with his spear, and this spear hit Shi Kongwu's calf.
"Pu!"
As a mass of blood spurted out, another Life Sacrificing Bead was broken by Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
These Life Sacrificing Beads were Shi Kongwu's backing, enough to protect her from death. At this moment, two of them were broken by Xuanyuan Chenfeng in a row. She was extremely terrified in her heart, and the thought of risking her life suddenly appeared in her heart.
Clenching her teeth, she flipped in the air, and suddenly spread out her hands. Two sword patterns appeared along her arms.
This Shi Kongwu's talent was second only to Maha in the Ultimate Universe. However, she did not focus on cultivation. When she encountered an enemy, she relied on magic treasures. However, her position in the Sacred Clan was extremely high, and she had countless powerful magic treasures in her hands. Those two sword patterns were her strongest killing move!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng felt the powerful aura from the sword patterns, but he still did not have any plans to retreat!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless single-colored small swords scattered around Shi Kongwu's body, forming a storm that surrounded Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
At this moment, the light in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes instantly became intense, like two twinkling stars. Under his full strength, the Spear of Law was also activated to the extreme …
"Break!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not care, and wanted to kill Shi Kongwu first!
However, at this moment, a voice filled with demonic nature suddenly rang out …
"Enough!"
Under this loud shout, whether it was Shi Kongwu or Xuanyuan Chenfeng, they immediately felt their minds surging!
As for the low-level warriors in the Iron Moon City that were very close to this place, their legs trembled as if it was a conditioned reflex, and they all knelt on the ground together …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1659
Maha slowly descended from the other side, a lazy expression on his face.
But under the pressure of the Great Ruling Art, he was like a saint that had descended. All living beings in the world had to kneel before him!
The last time Maha used the Great Ruling Art, it had no effect on Luo Zheng. This was because Luo Zheng's soul was no weaker than Maha's. Moreover, Luo Zheng's soul had a "Sovereign Soul Seal", so his aura was no weaker than Maha's Great Ruling Art!
But Xuanyuan Chenfeng's soul was a bit weaker than Luo Zheng's, so it was difficult for him to resist Maha's Great Ruling Art. Thus, when Maha said "enough", his willpower instantly collapsed, and his spear was unable to pierce through!
Maha had been waiting here for Luo Zheng, but he hadn't expected Xuanyuan Chenfeng to come.
However, since those old fellows from the human race were willing to use Dao Children to test him, he would naturally make these Dao Children pay with their lives!
"Whoosh!"
Taking advantage of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's absent-mindedness, Shi Kongwu quickly retreated and hid behind Maha.
Her complexion was deathly pale, and her heartbeat was extremely fast. If Maha had made a move a step later, she would probably have lost her life here today. When facing the true experts of the Dayan Universe, the magic treasures that she carried with her to protect her life seemed to be completely useless …
"Ai, what a pity, Maha actually stopped him!"
"I almost killed that Sacred Clan bitch!"
"It doesn't matter, that Sacred Clan woman wasn't important to begin with …"
At this moment, the weaker martial artists in Iron Moon City were trembling as they crawled up from the ground. The pressure that Maha had released just now had caused them to involuntarily kneel on the ground. Only a few powerful martial artists were able to easily resist the pressure of the Great Ruling Art. After all, Maha's shout was aimed at Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and the others were only slightly affected …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't feel regretful that he wasn't able to kill Shi Kongwu. After all, his goal this time was Maha, and under the careful planning of his elders, he had already prepared an escape route. Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't feel any burden in his heart.
"Great Ruling Art …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng faintly smiled. With a wave of his hand, a thin string appeared on his chest. On the string hung a light green round stone. This small stone emitted a faint halo that enveloped Xuanyuan Chenfeng's head.
"Tianhun Relic?" Maha glanced at the small stone on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's chest and frowned.
"The Great Ruling Technique should be one of the most useless Divine Daos. Only brainless people would choose it," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said proudly.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Luo Zheng came from different backgrounds. Xuanyuan Chenfeng was born in the Xuanyuan family, and his temperament was more arrogant than Luo Zheng's. Because of his family, the treasures in his hands were as endless as Shi Kongwu's.
This Great Domination Art was able to make a martial artist with a lower cultivation submit to it with just the pressure of the soul. This effect was truly terrifying.
If he could raise his soul to a certain level, he would be able to make tens of thousands of living beings submit to him with just a glance …
In the Realm of the Gods, the Great Ruling Technique was one of the Divine Daos that Saints had to cultivate. It was also a method to control the gods. This was also the reason why the Great Ruling Technique was ranked in the top 30 of the 3000 Divine Daos!
If the opponent's soul strength was similar to his own, or even stronger, and the Great Ruling Technique had no effect, then it would be useless.
The reason Maha chose the Great Rule Art was because the saints wanted to raise him as the leader of the great universe!
But Xuanyuan Chenfeng had come prepared. He had used the Tianhun Relic to protect his soul. Maha's Great Ruling Technique was completely useless.
"Is that so?"
Maha coldly smiled. His right hand pinched the air, and a rhombus-shaped light constantly condensed in his hand. A light purple saber appeared in his hand. On the back of this saber was an evil dragon baring its fangs and brandishing its claws. And on the edge of the saber, a dark red light circulated. He said, "Thinking about it carefully, the Great Ruling Technique is indeed useless. If a Saint cultivates this Dao and can control the gods of the Realm of the Gods, then it won't be of much use to me. But …" Maha's expression suddenly changed. "I only cultivated the Great Ruling Technique for fun. Who said that a martial artist could only cultivate a certain Divine Dao?"
As Maha's words left his mouth, the martial artists in Iron Moon City began to discuss amongst themselves.
"Cultivating the Divine Dao for fun, this fellow …"
"Who doesn't know how to boast?"
"Indeed, he should be just boasting. But listening to this fellow, he should have cultivated many different Divine Daos!"
To be able to comprehend a single Divine Dao was enough for one to become a Dao Child. But, this world was unfair. Some monstrous geniuses could not only comprehend a single Divine Dao, but could also cultivate several Divine Daos at the same time.
Actually, this kind of phenomenon was not rare in the Realm of the Gods.
For example, Luo Zheng encountered some martial artists in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. While they cultivated the main Divine Dao, they would also cultivate the "Great Wishing Technique". And the Great Wishing Technique was a Divine Dao that all the gods of the Realm of the Gods had to cultivate. So, almost all the True Gods of the Realm of the Gods would choose two or more Divine Daos to cultivate.
Hearing Maha's words, Xuanyuan Chenfeng responded with a sneer.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Maha's characters were very similar. They both came from the top forces of the universe. They both had high hopes placed on them by their families, and they both had the same pride. It was just that Xuanyuan Chenfeng in the Great Expanding Universe had a slight deviation. In the end, he became Luo Zheng's "substitute".
And Maha's treatment in the Saint Clan was much better than Xuanyuan Chenfeng's in all aspects …
The two of them had similar environments, which created similar characters. So, Xuanyuan Chenfeng also understood that Maha's words were just to suppress him.
After the experience in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, in addition to being suppressed and "educated" by Luo Zheng again and again, his state of mind was no longer the same as before. At this moment, he was naturally not alarmed. He only indifferently said, "Then make your move."
The Mo Saber in Maha's hand lightly retracted into his bosom. He pointed the tip of the Mo Saber at Xuanyuan Chenfeng and made a gesture. At this moment, Maha's attitude had completely changed. His frivolous attitude was completely restrained. It was as if he had become a different person in the blink of an eye. His entire person and the Mo Saber in his hand had become one.
He himself emitted a serious and solemn aura, and the Mo Saber was sharp and dazzling …
"Whoosh …"
Without wasting any more words, Maha instantly rushed towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not hesitate at all. Facing Maha, he had already made sufficient mental preparations. What's more, it was not that he did not have a way out. At this moment, he understood that he only needed to concentrate on displaying his peak strength!
"Shua!"
The Mo Saber's blade was about two inches wide. Although it was called a saber, it was actually thinner than the blade of many swords. The blade and hilt were both six feet long, each occupying half the length. The total length of twelve feet was two feet and one inch longer than Xuanyuan Chenfeng's nine feet and nine inches long spear!
The Mo Saber's blade instantly slashed down, dragging out a dark red blade shadow as it chopped down towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's head!
There was no technique, nor was there anything special. There was only an extremely fast blade technique and an extremely fierce aura!
The Mo Saber in Maha's hand was admittedly the "Fiend Dragon Saber", which was ranked fourth in the Great Extreme Universe. However, the spear in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's hand was also the "Heavenly Passage Spear", which was ranked seventh in the Great Extreme Universe's Primal Chaos Myriad Spirit Stele. In terms of weapons, the two did not have much of a difference!
Under Maha's attack, he originally thought that Xuanyuan Chenfeng would dodge first and then counterattack …
But what he did not expect was that Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not need to dodge at all. With a flash of his eyes, the Spear of Law had already pierced forward. This was actually a method of mutual destruction!
Although he could split Xuanyuan Chenfeng into two pieces, after being pierced by Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he probably would not be able to survive …
"This guy …"
He also did not expect Xuanyuan Chenfeng to risk his life like this.

Chapter 1660
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear attack without dodging made Maha feel extremely uncomfortable!
His blade was already halfway through. If he didn't want to die together with his opponent, he could only forcefully pull it back …
Facing a guy who wasn't afraid of death, Maha didn't seem to have a choice!
Maha suddenly twisted his body in midair. The Mo Blade in his hand changed direction and slashed at the tip of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear. After blocking Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Spear of Law, he immediately moved to the other side.
In the first exchange of blows, in the eyes of others, Maha was at a disadvantage. At least, he didn't dare to face Xuanyuan Chenfeng head on.
In this period of time, all those who dared to challenge Maha died in all kinds of miserable ways.
There had never been a Realm Master who could gain the upper hand in front of Maha!
"Haha, this Maha seems to be afraid …"
"As expected of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, the genuine number one Dao Child. He seems to be more reliable than Luo Zheng!"
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng has never been weak. When he lost to Luo Zheng, it was all kinds of coincidences!"
In Iron Moon City, from all directions, all kinds of martial artists began to boil. They had already placed the heavy responsibility of defeating Maha on Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
The entire universe understood that the arranged battle in Sunflower Water Realm was not a normal duel. Every step here was related to the fate of the entire universe. It was related to the fate of all living beings in the universe.
All the races and living beings in the Great Evolution Universe had already staked everything they had on the line ….
Seeing Maha escape, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression didn't change as he followed. The Heavenly Passage Spear in his hand was like a viper leaving its hole. It shot out in an arc in the air and continued to bite Maha's body without letting go!
The place where the spear pointed was Maha's biggest weak point. As long as the spear succeeded, Maha would die without a doubt.
"Die!"
Maha's heart was also filled with anger. Facing a Dao Child who wasn't much weaker than him and who cultivated the most dangerous "Divine Dao of Truth", this guy was still unafraid of death. It really made Maha feel a bit embarrassed!
The Mo Blade swept towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's head.
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng was hit by this blade, his entire head and soul would be killed by his Mo Blade …
However, just like the first exchange between the two, Xuanyuan Chenfeng turned a blind eye to Maha's spear. He didn't care about his own life at all. No matter what, he was going to fight until both sides perished!
"Damned bastard …"
Maha clenched his teeth and could only swing the Mo Blade in his hand once again, and once again deflected Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear!
As the two of them circled the hill, a strange scene unfolded as they chased after each other.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng acted like a desperate man. He wanted to kill Maha, but Maha was not willing to die under Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear. Naturally, Maha was always at a disadvantage. Maha was always at a disadvantage.
Of course, when the martial artists of Iron Moon City saw Maha being chased by Xuanyuan Chenfeng, they naturally felt extremely delighted …
"Haha, this Maha also has such a day, meeting Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he is like a stray dog!"
"Almost no power to fight back!"
"What number one Dao Child of the Sacred Race, I think he's just so-so!"
As for the martial artists of the Sacred Race, their complexions were extremely ugly. In their eyes, Maha was the number one person under the Empyrean level. With Maha's current strength, if he completely erupted, even some Empyreans would lose to him!
Now that they met a human Dao Child who was actually in such a sorry state, their complexions were naturally ugly.
However, in the eyes of some martial artists with extremely strong eyesight, they also felt that it was a bit strange.
Just what kind of confidence did Xuanyuan Chenfeng have? He only attacked and completely gave up on defense. Did this fellow want to sacrifice himself for justice?
Meeting a fellow who cultivated the "Divine Dao of Truth" who was so desperate was indeed a headache. Not to mention Maha, even if it was an Empyrean, if they couldn't stop Xuanyuan Chenfeng, once this fellow got close to them, their situation wouldn't be much better.
At this moment, Maha had circled around the hill to dodge Xuanyuan Chenfeng's hundreds of spears. At this moment, he finally couldn't endure it any longer. He turned around, and a fierce light flashed in his eyes!
The Mo Blade in his hand suddenly rose up, instantly dragging out a scarlet afterglow. At the same time, Maha's figure strangely disappeared …
"Greater teleportation?"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes revealed a strange light.
In a duel, this fellow had actually used greater teleportation to escape. This was a bit shameful …
"Haha, your Dao Child Maha of the Saint Clan couldn't beat him, so he actually used greater teleportation to escape. This is simply too disgraceful!" Immediately, a Realm Master activated a roar command, announcing this to the entire universe.
For a long time, if the Saint Clan killed a human martial artist, they would use the roar command to suppress the "influence" of the Grand Yan Universe.
Now, all of the living beings in the Grand Yan Universe knew that an invincible Maha had appeared in the Saint Clan. In the Grand Yan Universe, besides Empyreans, all of the martial artists couldn't last more than a few rounds against this person!
Under Maha and the other Saint Clan martial artists' incessant efforts, the Saint Clan's momentum was like a rainbow. As this continued, the "influence" of the Grand Yan Universe continued to weaken … so the counterattack from the Grand Yan Universe became weaker and weaker!
Now that someone had spread this news, it was naturally great news for all of the living beings in the Grand Yan Universe!
All of the living beings in the Grand Yan Universe knew that although this Maha was powerful, the Dao Child of the Grand Yan Universe was even stronger!
At this moment, the momentum of the Grand Yan Universe had undergone a fundamental change. The confidence of countless martial artists increased, and the "influence" of the Grand Yan Universe naturally became more and more exuberant.
On the other side of the Sunflower Water Realm, in the Passing Water Realm, many Empyreans of the Grand Yan Universe were hiding.
Whether it was Gods No Thought or the Empyreans of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain, they had all arranged their strongest methods.
For example, the "Star Annihilation" divine ability that the four Patriarchs of Gods No Thought had jointly arranged …
Another example was the "Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to Origin Stupa" of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain led by Empyrean Thunder Punishment.
Everyone had already prepared their strongest methods, including Xi Youqin, who had returned to the Grand Yan Universe later than Luo Zheng and the others. With the help of the Demi-Immortal Clan, she had also arranged the complete "God Slaughtering Sword Array" …
As for the nine True Dragons with the Heavenly Divination Bodies, they were also on standby.
Although the Sacred Clan's chances of victory were less than 20%, that didn't mean they would be helpless. Moreover, they had already received news that Luo Zheng had already quelled the internal strife of the Demon Night Clan. They only needed to wait for a while, and the Empyreans of the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Night Clan would also join in!
"Chenfeng seems to have the upper hand," Empyrean Thunder Punishment said with a faint smile.
"The influence of the Grand Yan Universe is constantly rising," the old Patriarch replied. He controlled the Great Expanse Lotus and could clearly sense the "influence" of all living beings in the Grand Yan Universe.
But Empyrean Lord of Original Sin shook his head. "Chenfeng is fighting with all his might. If his opponent breaks through, I'm afraid there will be trouble …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been raised by Empyrean Lord of Original Sin, so he was well aware of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength. In his eyes, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was actually slightly inferior to Maha. Right now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng only had the advantage of the Divine Dao. He had used the Heavenly Soul Relic to resist Maha's Great Domination Technique, and at the same time, he had used all his strength to catch Maha off guard.
If Maha regained his senses, he would naturally have a way to deal with it …
However, in the hearts of many Empyreans, they did not expect Xuanyuan Chenfeng to win.
The key reason why they had sent Xuanyuan Chenfeng out this time was to delay the decline of the "influence" in the Grand Yan Universe. Moreover, they had also made foolproof preparations to send Xuanyuan Chenfeng into the Sunflower Water Realm.
Empyrean Lord of Cloud Fox used the "Spatial Love Lock" to connect with Xuanyuan Chenfeng, directly sending him into the Sunflower Water Realm. At the same time, the Resurrection Empyrean was on standby.
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng was really defeated and killed by Maha, Empyrean Lord of Cloud Fox would instantly "pull" Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse back. At that time, with the Resurrection Empyrean's method, even if Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body and soul were destroyed, by relying on the Resurrection Karma Law, Xuanyuan Chenfeng could be resurrected intact!
At this moment, many Empyreans were naturally paying close attention to the movements in the Sunflower Water Realm …
Just as the martial artists thought that Maha had used greater teleportation to escape, Maha's figure appeared above Xuanyuan Chenfeng like a ghost. His face revealed an arrogant smile, "Hahaha, you think you can defeat me with a mere Spear of Law? You're too naive!"
Hualala …
Maha stretched out his hand and gently waved it. A crimson purple light swarmed out like a tide, directly covering the entire Iron Moon City in a radius of ten thousand miles.
Bystanders only saw that after the light covered everything, everything around was dyed crimson purple. There wasn't much change, and they didn't know what Maha was doing.

Chapter 1661
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivated the Divine Dao of Truth, he could see through the fundamental laws of this world.
Although he couldn't completely see through them, as long as he grasped the mysteries to a certain degree, he could see the cracks and flaws of anything …
For example, if a mountain stood perfectly fine, Xuanyuan Chenfeng would be able to see through the weak points of the mountain with a single glance. After using the Law Spear to strike the weak points of the mountain, the entire mountain would collapse and collapse according to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's predictions.
From ordinary mortals to the Celestial Venerables of the universe, all of them operated according to the basic rules. The Divine Dao of Truth in the Divine Realm was originally a set of rules, and it was also the most popular Divine Dao. It was the choice of many True Gods!
Up until now, there was only one thing that Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't see through. That was the product of the fusion of the five elemental laws. Thus, Ji Luoxue, who cultivated the Five Elemental Divine Dao, was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's nemesis. Because the Five Elemental Divine Dao fused together, the laws within were very heterogeneous. It was very difficult for Xuanyuan Chenfeng to separate them.
But at this moment …
Maha suddenly released a dark purple light that covered the entire area. Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't feel the existence of the Five Elemental Laws, but his Divine Dao of Truth had lost its effect!
All of the lines and dots disappeared at this moment, as if they were covered by some mysterious power. This was the first time Xuanyuan Chenfeng faced such a situation, and a trace of panic appeared in his eyes.
Maha swept away his previous sorry state. In this dark purple space, he was calm and indifferent. Although the smile on his face was faint, the ridicule was very strong!
"Is it interesting? Xuanyuan Chenfeng … "Maha indifferently asked," Actually, I've always thought that the Divine Dao of Truth was nonsense. Let alone you and me, even the True Gods and Saints of the Realm of the Gods couldn't truly control the truth! It's just a life form in a small world being intoxicated by itself … "
Hearing Maha's words, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face sank.
Not only did Maha's words spread throughout Iron Moon City, he also activated a roar command, sending his voice into the universe.
All of the Empyreans in the Great Expansion Universe had a trace of astonishment on their faces. Even the Empyreans of the Saint Clan were uncomfortable …
The meaning of Maha's words was that even the boundless Divine Realm was just a small world. Furthermore, he did not place the Divine Dao of Truth in his eyes.
"Motherf * cker, this brat is here again …" Celestial Master Elemental Altar said disapprovingly.
"This fellow Maha, in terms of talent, there's nothing to say. He's definitely someone who can become a Deity. But this fellow is full of big talk …."
"And he's extremely long-winded!"
Many of the saint race's Empyreans didn't like Maha either.
Even if Maha's status was transcendent and his talent was transcendent and he could easily become an Empyrean, he was still only a World Lord realm Dao Child. If a junior of the saint race acted so arrogantly all day long, it would inevitably draw the dissatisfaction of some high level figures of the saint race.
At this time, Maha's words didn't place the Divine Realm or the Saints in his eyes at all. Those Empyreans that didn't like Maha naturally disapproved of his words, even thinking that this fellow was a disgrace to the saints …
On a certain star in the Great Evolution Universe, Xing Wei suddenly opened his eyes.
The Demi-Immortal Clan's plan to deal with the saints was comprehensive. Startail didn't follow the other Empyreans to hide in the Lost Water World. Rather, he hid on a pitch black planet deep in the starry skies.
Hearing Maha's words, a strange light flashed in Startail's deep eyes.
"This boy should have inherited Mu Haiji's true teachings? His words have the meaning of 'Dao Struggle' … it's just that the way he expresses himself is far too arrogant. "Startail lightly said." But if he steps into the Divine Realm in the future, he might be able to obtain some achievements. "
Dao Struggle, in the Divine Realm, it was called the struggle of the Divine Dao! This was a debate that spanned over a hundred divine epochs!
After countless years of evolution, the Divine Realm had already become a highly developed society. But, there was no end to the pursuit of life. Up until now, the people of the Divine Realm had been bitterly searching for the mysteries within.
And the process of searching for these mysteries was divided into three paths. The first was the most direct, which was for the Saints to explore the primal chaos. But so far, they hadn't made much progress. The second path was to decipher Sanskrit and find clues to the existence of secondary life forms. The third path was the 'Dao Struggle'. There was a limit to a person's strength, and even a Saint's strength wasn't limitless. But, the extension of one's thoughts could go even further. After countless True Divinities painstakingly determined all sorts of theories and theories, there were people who tried to come up with some perfect hypotheses and then confirm them …
Now, the second path was the most popular. This was because the existence of Sanskrit already confirmed the existence of 'leapfrogging life forms'. But, the third path was equally important. The struggle of the Divine Dao would occur once every several dozen years. It was an extremely high level of attention in the Divine Realm.
Although Maha didn't have the qualifications for a Dao Struggle, for an insignificant secondary life form in the universe to be able to casually speak of this realization, he had the potential for a Dao Struggle!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng stared at Maha. His handsome face revealed a trace of depression. He shook his spear and asked, "Have you always been like this?"
"Like what?" Maha smiled faintly.
"Too f * cking long-winded!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng coldly shouted. His spear spun, and his figure sped towards Maha.
Even in this reddish-purple space, Maha's Law Spear had already lost its effect. He didn't have the slightest intention of retreating.
His strength might not be the strongest of the Dao Children, but the significance of his battle was very important.
"I don't expect you to be able to kill Maha, but even if you die, you have to die at Maha's hands." These were the original words that the Original Sin Heavenly Lord had said to Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
The "power" in the Dayan Universe could be easily suppressed, but it could also be easily stimulated. If Maha was allowed to continue slaughtering like this, it would cause all the life forms in the Dayan Universe to lose their confidence. This power would indeed be suppressed without limit!
However, if a certain iconic figure, such as Xuanyuan Chenfeng, was slaughtered by Maha, this "power" might not necessarily decline. This was because Xuanyuan Chenfeng's death would arouse the hatred of a common enemy. This was the principle of "an army filled with indignation is bound to win." Instead, it would greatly increase the power in the universe!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's elders had made complete preparations for him. Celestial Lord Cloud Fox's "Spatial Love Lock" and the Celestial Lord of Resurrection's resurrection technique could guarantee his safety.
However, nothing was absolute. The attributes of this reddish-purple space seemed to have been deliberately modified by Maha. Although he didn't know what method Maha had used, Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't be sure whether the "Spatial Love Lock" could really pull him back to Celestial Lord Cloud Fox's side. After all, the "Spatial Love Lock" was a typical spatial magical ability. In other words, he might really fall in this battle with Maha.
"I'll go all out …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was still someone who was afraid of death. Perhaps it was because of his pride that he wasn't willing to die so casually.
At this moment, after he had a premonition that he might really fall here, his state of mind calmed down instead!
"Whoosh!"
He shot towards Maha, the light in his eyes growing brighter and brighter. He had already urged the Divine Dao of Truth to the extreme. Under the operation of the Spear of Law, golden blood rapidly flowed in the countless blood vessels around his pupils. Those small blood vessels couldn't withstand so much blood and constantly burst. The golden blood flowed out, causing his eyes to flicker with a golden radiance!
At this moment, he could see faint lines and dots in this reddish-purple space. He could also see the faintly discernible flaws on Maha's body!
A little clearer!
At the same time that he shot up, the unparalleled might of his spear seemed to be staring at the vital points of his prey. He once again aimed at the flaws on Maha's body.
But at the last moment, Maha smiled faintly. "I already said that the Divine Dao of Truth is useless …"
As Maha's voice fell, the color of this reddish-purple space suddenly changed. The attributes and rules of the entire space changed once again. The lines and flaws that Xuanyuan Chenfeng had found with great difficulty also instantly disappeared without a trace!
"Pu!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear still pierced Maha's chest.
Maha didn't dodge. It could even be said that he disdained to dodge. He forcibly endured Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear. The smile on his face was still the same as before. At the same time, he raised the Mo Sword in his hand.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1662
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Spear of Law could only kill his opponent in one strike when he saw a flaw.
This was because his "look" and the "stab" of the Spear of Law were done at the same time. If he saw the opponent's flaw and didn't use the Spear of Law to stab, this spear would only be an ordinary spear …
Maha had calculated that Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Divine Dao of Truth would be useless, so he allowed the spear to pierce through his chest!
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear pierced through Iron Moon City, there was a burst of enthusiastic cheers.
Before Luo Zheng appeared, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was the most famous Dao Child among the younger generation. Rumors about Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Divine Dao of Truth and the Spear of Law were legendary!
Some people said that when the Spear of Law was cultivated to a certain level, one could even see through the flaws of the entire universe. When this spear pierced through, the entire universe would collapse …
This wasn't wrong. The universe constructed by Sages wasn't perfect. There were also flaws. However, to be able to cultivate the Divine Dao of Truth to such a level, one would need to reach the Sage Realm to be able to destroy the universe with a single spear.
It was also because of all kinds of legends that Xuanyuan Chenfeng's position as the number one Dao Child was created. It wasn't until Luo Zheng used the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to break the Spear of Law and severely defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng that Luo Zheng received this strike from him.
At the same time, in the Lost Water Realm …
"He failed. Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox, pull him back!" Celestial Venerable Original Sin said anxiously.
Sending Xuanyuan Chenfeng over was a risky move. The Celestial Venerables had already calculated this.
Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox stretched out his hand and gently turned it. The power of the Space Law dissipated from his body. The blazing white light formed by the Space Law extended infinitely. In addition to connecting Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he also sent several human Great Realm Lords to other Great Realms to slaughter Sacred Race martial artists.
At this moment, Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox wanted to pull Xuanyuan Chenfeng back from the Sunflower Water Realm!
His Heavenly Will wasn't considered powerful, but it was extremely effective when combined with others. It could project anyone to any location and then pull them back at will. It could be said to appear and disappear unpredictably.
However, Celestial Venerable Cloud Hui's expression suddenly changed. "Oh no, I can't pull him back!"
When the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin heard this, he seemed to have expected this and silently closed his eyes …
The other Empyreans also frowned.
"What is that reddish-purple light? It's not a domain!"
"It's impossible for an ordinary domain to stop Empyrean Yunhui's Hollow Love Lock!"
"It should be some kind of Divine Dao. We've never seen it before …"
The Empyreans present also began to discuss amongst themselves. They had long since discovered the strangeness of this situation and were secretly worried in their hearts. They didn't think that it would really be as they guessed …
Empyrean Cloudfox did not give up!
With a wave of his hands, he temporarily cut off the other Spatial Love Locks. The blazing white belt of light that was connected to Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly became twice as thick. However, no matter how he pulled, he couldn't pull Xuanyuan Chenfeng back!
This wasn't a contest of strength, but the Law of Space had completely lost its effectiveness.
Maha, who had Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear stuck in his body, looked up. He had long felt the existence of the Spatial Love Lock. At this moment, he actually had the leisure to activate a roar command. "Although I don't know which Empyrean made a move, there's no doubt that your efforts are futile. Don't waste your energy!"
After he finished speaking, the originally hidden "Spatial Love Lock" instantly revealed its true form. This "Spatial Love Lock" pierced through this large world from afar and connected to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's back. It was violently shaking!
The Mo Saber in Maha's hand gently swung and slashed out a scarlet belt of light in the air. It suddenly slashed at the belt of light and instantly severed the "Spatial Love Lock"! Then, Maha waved the Mo Sword, and the tip of the Mo Sword slashed towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
"Pu!"
Golden blood splattered, and the Mo Sword had already completely sunk into Xuanyuan Chenfeng's chest.
People like Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Maha always had all kinds of life-saving methods. This time, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's greatest life-saving method was naturally Empyrean Cloud Fox's Spatial Love Lock. In addition, he also carried a Cup of Life. This Cup of Life was given to him by the Ji Family's ancestor. It was said that it could give Xuanyuan Chenfeng a second life.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng's life was constantly flowing away, the Cup of Life was also activated, constantly helping Xuanyuan Chenfeng to replenish his life force.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's consciousness was still clear. He didn't give up, but no matter how he struggled, he couldn't pull the spear out of Maha's body …
"Don't struggle. In this space, I am an invincible existence," Maha said with a faint smile.
"…"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng remained silent.
This kind of tone, this kind of attitude, it had often appeared on Xuanyuan Chenfeng himself. He didn't expect that he would fall in the hands of this kind of person in the end!
Dying in the hands of this guy was also good …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly thought of Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng met this guy in front of him, what would he do? Would he be able to break through this space?
When he thought of this, the life force in the Cup of Life made by the Ji family ancestor had already been used up. The golden blood in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body was also almost completely extracted. His face was as white as a sheet of paper, but he cracked open his dry lips and sneered, "Do you really think you are invincible? There will always be someone who can defeat you! "
"Are you talking about Luo Zheng?" Maha looked down at Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng nodded seriously. Perhaps the only person in this universe who could kill Maha was Luo Zheng …
"I have waited for him for a long time, but unfortunately, he is just a coward. It is a pity that you won't be able to see me kill that brat." Maha shook his head and lightly twisted the Mo Blade in his hand. Xuanyuan Chenfeng immediately felt his body being hollowed out. His consciousness gradually blurred, and he floated down, heavily landing on a hill.
There was a burst of enthusiastic cheers in Iron Moon City. At this moment, the cheers were naturally from the Sacred Clan.
As for the martial artists in the Dayan Universe, they were silent, and their faces were extremely gloomy …
According to past practice, when Maha killed a martial artist of the Human Clan, he would definitely announce it to the universe. This time, he did not do so. Not far away, Shi Kongwu welcomed him. Her soft body threw itself into Maha's arms, and she softly said, "Brother Maha, why don't you announce it to the universe? Let Wu 'er help you! "
In Shi Kongwu's opinion, killing Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a great honor.
Who knew that Maha would shake his head. "No need. I came to the Sunflower Water Realm to suppress the power of the Dayan Universe. The effect of killing ordinary martial artists is very good, but it is better not to announce that I killed Xuanyuan Chenfeng."
"Why?" Shi Kongwu blinked and asked.
"Because when things reach an extreme, they will move in the opposite direction." Maha smiled slightly. "Besides, there should be someone more anxious than me to announce it to the universe."
What the human Celestial Venerables could think of, Maha might not have thought of it.
The sacrifice of such an iconic figure like Xuanyuan Chenfeng would definitely arouse public indignation in the entire universe. It could even greatly reverse the "power" of the universe. Of course, Maha also expected this situation.
However, he would not let Xuanyuan Chenfeng go because of this reason. That would only be counterproductive. Even if the power of the universe greatly increased because of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's death, he still earned the life of a Daozi!
Moreover, this Daozi was once the number one Daozi in the universe, an existence second only to Luo Zheng.
In the Lost Water Realm …
Many Celestial Venerables remained silent.
"That guy … how could he cut off my Spatial Love Lock!" Celestial Venerable Cloudfox's face was full of disbelief.
His Spatial Love Lock was the law of karma bestowed by the mandate of heaven. How could this law of karma be so easily cut off by someone else?
"There is only one reason." Star Tail's voice rang out beside the Celestial Venerables.
"What reason?" Celestial Venerable Cloudfox asked.

Chapter 1663
In the space of Maha's Great World Technique, all the rules were set by Maha himself.
Whether it was the Five Elemental Laws, Time Laws, or Space Laws, they all lost their effects.
What was worse was that Maha could change the rules of the Laws on his own!
"That is to say, in the range of this guy's Great World Technique, even the Mandate of Heaven is useless?" Oracle frowned.
If that was the case, if a Celestial Venerable fell into the range of this guy's Great World Technique, the Mandate of Heaven would be useless, and Maha would have the power to kill a Celestial Venerable.
"You can say that, but Maha hasn't condensed a godhead. His Great World Technique isn't complete, and he can't change all the rules. Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox's Hollow Love Lock belongs to the Space Laws, and it's the easiest kind of power to be changed by the Great World Technique. That's why Maha was able to break it so easily," Star Tail explained.
"I understand." Goddess Oracle nodded. Maha had been rude to Goddess Oracle the first time they had met. Goddess Oracle had wanted to kill him long ago. She had only restrained herself for the sake of the bigger picture.
"Then what about Chenfeng's life …" Celestial Venerable of Original Sin, who had been closing his eyes for a long time, suddenly opened them.
It was Celestial Venerable of Original Sin's idea to let Xuanyuan Chenfeng take the risk. He had made thorough preparations, but he hadn't expected this to happen at the last moment. Celestial Venerable of Original Sin had poured too much effort into Xuanyuan Chenfeng. He couldn't just watch as his great-great-grandson was sacrificed!
The old patriarch said, "Wait a little longer. As long as the other party doesn't destroy Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body, Celestial Venerable of Resurrection still has a chance to revive him."
Celestial Venerable of Resurrection's Mandate of Heaven was extremely powerful. As long as he could collect a complete corpse, he could completely revive the target. But Maha might not give him the chance …
Celestial Venerable of Original Sin was completely enraged.
As the head of the four great clans and one of the few upper level Empyreans in the Dayan Universe, he was actually unable to protect the life of his grandson, so he naturally felt a strand of sorrow in his heart. But the current situation was special. His personal strength was naturally extremely formidable, but everything had to be done for the sake of the overall situation in the end …
In the Sunflower Water Realm, Maha waved his hand and the purple light receded like a tide, gathering in his hand.
After he put away the Great World Technique, a few human martial artists shot towards the hill. Their target was not Maha and Shi Kong Wu, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse!
In the past, someone had challenged Maha and failed. If their mortal body was complete, there would naturally be other martial artists helping to restrain it.
At that time, Maha didn't stop him, but this time, Maha gently waved the modao in his hand and several rays of golden light flew out!
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Those warriors originally wanted to collect Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse, but a few golden lights slashed down from the sky, forcing them to take a few steps back. One of the warriors angrily looked up at Maha and said, "Maha, don't go too far. Xuanyuan Chenfeng has already been killed by you. His corpse should be taken back by us!"
"Is that so?" Maha faintly smiled and slowly descended from the sky. His body emitted a powerful aura that made these warriors tremble with fear. No one dared to move. Maha continued to say, "I will allow you to collect the corpses of the others, but not this person's corpse."
"Why?" the warrior angrily asked.
"No reason. My pet is hungry, and this boy's corpse can be used as food for my pet." Maha smiled and clapped his hands.
Suddenly, a warrior flew out from Iron Moon City with a spirit beast pouch in his hand. The warrior patted the pouch lightly, and several tall and sturdy wolf-like creatures rushed out from the spirit beast pouch.
These wolf-like creatures were very powerful. Their silver fur shone brightly, and they seemed to be quite intelligent. After they appeared from the spirit beast bag, they actually knelt down towards Maha and then howled into the sky. It seemed like they were trying to curry favor with Maha …
Maha stretched out his hand and stroked the head of one of the wolf-like creatures. He pointed at Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse and said, "Today, I will let you eat meat. That is a Dao Child of this universe. His body has the aura of the Divine Path. After you devour him, it will be of great benefit to you!"
These wolf-like creatures understood Maha's words, and their faces immediately revealed a covetous expression. Their claws constantly scratched the ground, as if they were eager to try. However, without Maha's permission, they didn't dare to take the initiative to go forward. They were very obedient.
"How can the corpse of our Dao Child be eaten by such a beast!" the human warrior said with grief and indignation.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng went to the Sunflower Water Realm, he prepared several plans. If the Spatial Love Lock couldn't pull Xuanyuan Chenfeng back, he could only let others collect his corpse and then transport it back to the Sunflower Water Realm.
These warriors shouldered this mission, but they didn't expect that Maha wouldn't give them a chance at all!
Maha glanced at the warrior indifferently. This gaze made the warrior feel rather uncomfortable, as if Maha could see through his thoughts. Maha continued, "Losers have no dignity to speak of. What's more, it's just a corpse. It's already his honor to be able to feed my pet …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng stretched and waved at the wolf-like creatures. "Go, eat your fill …"
After saying that, he planned to leave without looking back.
The human warriors immediately became anxious. A fierce light flashed in the eyes of the leader. He took out a short knife and slashed at the wolf-like creatures.
Unexpectedly, just as these people were about to attack, the wolf-like creatures, who were originally very obedient, suddenly had a great change in their aura. Waves of fiendish aura rushed out from these wolf-like creatures. The silver fur on their bodies was like silver flames that began to dance …
"Roar!"
Almost in an instant, these wolf-like creatures pounced at the human warriors at an extremely fast speed!
These human warriors' cultivations weren't weak. They had all stepped into the Sector Lord realm, but facing these wolf-like creatures, they didn't have the slightest ability to resist. Before they could react, the wolf-like creatures had already bitten off their necks. The severed heads rolled down the hill. Their eyes were wide open in anger, but they had died unjustly.
Maha glanced back and sighed softly. "The Holy Moon Ash Wolves aren't ordinary spirit pets. How could it be so easy to snatch food from the jaws of a super god beast?"
After saying that, his face was filled with endless regret as he walked down the hill …
Shi Kongwu, who was waiting on the side, went up and covered Maha with a silver robe. She urged Maha to rest.
On the hill, the Holy Moon Ash Wolves had bitten those Sector Lords to death. At this moment, they all turned back to look at Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse. As the most outstanding spirit pets of the Holy Moon Ash Wolves and the strongest super god beast, their bloodline was extremely pure. With super god beast bloodline, they wouldn't eat carelessly. Ordinary Sector Lords' corpses wouldn't enter their eyes at all.
On the contrary, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse contained a dense Divine Dao aura. This aura emitted a fatal attraction to the Holy Moon Ash Wolves. Several Holy Moon Ash Wolves pounced on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse and were about to bite it.
At this moment, an extremely powerful aura suddenly spread out. A blazing white space crack appeared in the air above the hill!
"Stop!"
The aura was so powerful that a loud roar came from the spatial crack. The Sacred Moon Ash-Wolves whimpered when they felt the pressure. Against their animal instincts, they retreated in unison.
They understood that if they didn't retreat, they would die without a doubt!
In the Lost Water Realm …
Original Sin Heavenly Lord's face was filled with rage. A blazing white space tunnel was constructed in front of him. With his strength, he could smash those damn Holy Moon Ash Wolves into mincemeat with a single step!
"You can't!"
"Brother Original Sin! You absolutely can't! "
"Sou!"
The Ji and Lie Family Patriarchs, as well as the Thunder Punishment Heavenly Sovereign, stood in front of the Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign.

Chapter 1664
Empyrean Original Sin was an extremely intelligent individual.
He was well aware that the moment he stepped into Sunflower Water World, he would trigger a powerful counterattack from the saints.
Even if he was an upper Empyrean, the chances of him dying here were infinitely high!
But he couldn't stare on helplessly as the corpse of his great-great-grandson was eaten alive by those wolves!
Beneath the obstruction of several Empyreans, Empyrean Original Sin actually slowed down …
At the same time …
In the skies above Sunflower Water World, several blood red space cracks appeared!
Dark red light outlined the outline of these space cracks. Faintly, one could see figures swaying within. A formidable aura leaked out from these space cracks; it was the saint Empyreans hidden within!
It was also this scene that caused Empyrean Original Sin to sober up.
He understood that there were many times when anger couldn't solve problems. If he were to rush into Sunflower Water World at this time, the best result would be him being killed by the saint Empyreans. If he were to fall here, then the 'Star Annihilation' that the four great families worked together to lay down wouldn't be able to operate and humanity's strength would be greatly reduced.
And the worst result would be that the saints would launch an all-out attack.
In this sort of situation, humanity's chances of winning were terrifyingly low. The consequence would be the destruction of the entire universe …
In that moment, Empyrean Original Sin constantly weighed the pros and cons and finally restrained himself.
Zizi …
The spatial crack created by the Original Sin Heavenly Lord's Greater Teleportation Technique had silently closed up. The aura that had originally dissipated had also dissipated without a trace.
When Empyrean Original Sin's space crack vanished, the several blood red space cracks also vanished at the same time.
Now that the saints had the upper hand, they weren't in a hurry. As long as the human Empyreans didn't attack, the saints wouldn't act rashly either. As long as Maha stood tall in Sunflower Water World, he would be able to suppress the 'potential' of the entire universe without fear.
This action would not only eliminate the 'malice' of the Great Evolution Universe towards the saints, but it would also suppress the 'treasure of heaven' in the hands of the old patriarch. From this point of view, it should be the humans that were in a hurry!
After Maha put on his silver overcoat, he slowly walked towards Iron Moon City. Although he didn't stay where he was and didn't even look back, he was well aware of what was happening behind him.
"That Empyrean is quite patient …" He faintly smiled at Shi Kongwu.
Shi Kongwu curled his lips. "What a pity."
If Heavenly Lord of Original Sin were to rush over, it would be exactly what Maha wanted.
"It doesn't matter. I want to see how much tolerance they have, and whether or not they are willing to send the Daoists over one by one." As Maha spoke, she held Shi Kongwu's small waist and stepped into Iron Moon City.
The Sacred Moon Ash-Wolves rushed forward and bit Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse. In the blink of an eye, the Sacred Moon Ash-Wolves had devoured the top genius of the Great Evolution Universe. These Sacred Moon Ash-Wolves could sense the Divine Dao aura from the corpse. They faced the sky and howled, revealing a satisfied expression. Then, they obediently returned to their spirit beast pouches.
When the human martial artists in Iron Moon City saw this scene, they all revealed expressions of grief and indignation. For the human race, this was bound to be a great humiliation, but the problem was that they could do nothing about it!
The saints were far too strong. The number one Daoist of the saints was simply impossible to defeat!
In the midst of grief and indignation, a person's potential would always be stimulated and they would have a strong resistance. At this moment, in Iron Moon City, whether it was the Fiend Night Clan, the human race, the demon race, or the martial artists of the smaller races, all of them maintained their silence. But, their gloomy faces revealed a special tenacity. They were like volcanoes that could erupt at any moment!
Not long after, the voice of the Realm of the Gods echoed throughout the Great Evolution Universe.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's death had another effect. It was to stir up the hearts of all living beings in the universe. Just as Maha had guessed, he didn't need to announce this to the entire universe. The human Empyreans were bound to do the same.
Before this, many living beings in the universe already knew that Xuanyuan Chenfeng had gone to Sunflower Water Realm to challenge Maha. Moreover, Maha seemed to be at a disadvantage. But since then, the universe had remained silent. No one used the roar command to announce the situation. Countless living beings were waiting for this news.
Countless people who were paying attention to this matter waited for a long time, but no news came.
At this moment …
Empyrean Oracle's voice resounded throughout the universe …
"I am Empyrean Oracle. I represent the human race to announce some unfortunate news. Xuanyuan Chenfeng of the Xuanyuan Family has fallen at the hands of Maha. I represent the human race and the Great Evolution Universe. I hope that even stronger geniuses will step forward to avenge us!"
In fact, there were only one or two people in the younger generation who were stronger than Xuanyuan Chenfeng. The one who had defeated Xuanyuan Chenfeng was Luo Zheng, and the other was Hua Tianming. Now, Hua Tianming was also in seclusion, and Luo Zheng had just dealt with the matter of the Demon Night Clan. Besides them, there was no one else in the universe.
The reason she said this was to comfort the countless living beings in the Great Evolution Universe. It was also a kind of encouragement!
Heavenly Sovereign Shen Yu's cold and pleasant voice reverberated throughout the universe. All the races and intelligent lifeforms in the Great Yan Universe were in an uproar …
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng actually lost to Maha!"
"This Maha is really an undefeatable existence! Does an Empyrean have to take action? "
"Luo Zheng, we want Luo Zheng to fight!"
For a moment, the entire Great Evolution Universe was filled with righteous indignation …
Empyrean Oracle's voice reverberated throughout the universe, and naturally, it reached Luo Zheng's ears.
After dealing with the internal strife of the Demon Night Clan, Luo Zheng dived into the lower realm to retrieve the Da Qian Heavy Sword …
This sword could withstand Luo Zheng's power and was very suitable for Luo Zheng. However, once it left his hand and flew out, there was nothing in the world that could bear its weight. It followed the world all the way down to the lower world, burrowing into the depths of the earth. It only stopped when it touched the boundary of the Universe of Great Expansion, which was the Wall of Sighs.
After retrieving the Da Qian Heavy Sword, Luo Zheng activated the teleportation token and stepped into the Sunflower Water Realm. As for Xun, as well as Empyrean Cang Yu and the others of the Demon Night Clan, they had already set off for the Passing Water Realm to meet up with the human Empyreans.
After entering the Sunflower Water Realm, Luo Zheng chose a direction. With a flash of white spatial laws under his feet, he crossed hundreds of miles.
If one looked at Luo Zheng from a high place, they would see that he was like a blinking star. He repeatedly used the Great Teleportation Technique, maintaining a high speed as he moved towards the center of the Sunflower Water Realm.
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng has already fallen, but I wonder if his body has been destroyed. Can the Heavenly Lord of Resurrection's Will of Rebirth revive him?" He weighed this matter in his heart as he hurried on.
Back then, Jiang Zhengyi was almost crushed to pieces by the Ancient Sorcerer Race's Cilie Beast. In the end, he was saved by the Heavenly Lord of Resurrection. If he could get his hands on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body, he should be able to revive him. However, he didn't know what happened to Xuanyuan Chenfeng. If he was burned to ashes, he didn't know if the Heavenly Lord of Resurrection could revive him …
"Boom!"
Just as Luo Zheng was hurrying on, Luo Zheng saw a bolt of lightning explode in front of him.
His eyes narrowed slightly as he saw two martial artists fighting not far away.
"Sacred Race martial artists." Luo Zheng frowned slightly. His figure gently floated as he sped towards the other side.
The entire Sunflower Water Realm had become a huge arena. Sacred Race and human martial artists were constantly challenging each other in the Sunflower Water Realm …
In the battle between the two, the Sacred Race warrior had the upper hand, while the human world lord was completely suppressed by the other party.
"Lightning Seal Art!"
The Sacred Race martial artist shot out a bolt of brown lightning and nailed the human martial artist to the ground!
"Hahahaha, inferior races aren't worth mentioning. Die!" The Sacred Race Great World Lord laughed wildly. Seeing that he was about to end the human Great World Lord's life, he summoned a bolt of golden lightning that fell from the sky. The human Great World Lord couldn't move at this moment and could only close his eyes and wait for death.
But this bolt of lightning only struck halfway …
A figure suddenly appeared in the air. With a light stretch of his hand, the golden lightning was cut in half!
The thick golden lightning instantly turned into thin lightning snakes that flowed along Luo Zheng's arm and scattered in all directions. Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile towards the other side. "Since the victor has already been decided, let's not engage in meaningless slaughter."
"Who are you! You dare to interfere in my challenge, this is against the rules. "The Sacred Race martial artist's face turned cold.
There wasn't a large scale chaotic battle in the Sunflower Water Realm. The human and Sacred Race martial artists were both holding back their anger. Normally, if one side won a battle, they would directly kill the other.
The Sacred Race martial artists were like this, and the human martial artists were also like this. Bystanders wouldn't interfere. This was an unwritten rule, but Luo Zheng had just arrived and immediately interfered in the battle of bystanders. This was against the rules.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1665
As Luo Zheng hurried over, he saw two martial artists engaged in a fierce battle. There were also human and saint martial artists watching from the side. Naturally, he understood that these two martial artists were fighting one on one.
But Luo Zheng had hurried to Sunflower Water World in order to end Maha's challenge. As for this unwritten rule, he had no intention of abiding by it.
Only the weak would worship the rules as if they were gods. As for the strong, they would create rules and even trample on them!
"Boy, are you looking to die!?"
"In this Sunflower Water World, you can only fight one on one. If it weren't for this rule, our saint race would have already turned you humans to ashes!"
"If you know what's good for you then get the hell out of here!"
The saint martial artists watching from the side began to clamor as they saw this.
"Who made this rule?" Luo Zheng lightly swept his eyes around, his fingers gently rubbing against each other …
"This is the rule set by our His Highness Dao Child, Maha!" A saint martial artist arrogantly replied.
Most of the human martial artists that flooded into Sunflower Water World were here for Maha. However, there were far too many of them. It was impossible for Maha to challenge them one by one, so this heavy burden fell onto the shoulders of the saint martial artists.
Luo Zheng's lips curled up. "So that's how it is."
"If you know then hurry up and leave!" A saint martial artist shouted.
Luo Zheng shook his head again. "This is Maha's rule, not my rule."
"Then what is your rule?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the saint martial artists present all felt something was strange. In Sunflower Water World, the saints held the absolute advantage. When a human martial artist challenged a saint martial artist, they behaved according to the rules!
"My rule is that I don't talk about rules with the saints!" Luo Zheng smiled as he finished speaking. His eyes narrowed and his figure tumbled through the air. Like a light swallow, he shot towards the saint martial artist …
The saint martial artist didn't expect that Luo Zheng would dare to attack. He only saw a blur in front of him and Luo Zheng had already passed by him.
The saint martial artist was stunned. Before he could react, an Ice Soul Devil Flame bloomed in his chest and rapidly entered his body. A cold chill spread through his meridians, finally invading his inner world.
Within this saint martial artist's inner world, it had already become a world of ice and snow. Countless lives had turned into solid blocks of ice under the sudden drop in temperature. Even his true essence sea had been frozen solid. Without being able to revolve his true essence, he couldn't even revolve his cultivation method to resist this cold energy!
In the blink of an eye, the Ice Soul Devil Flames blazed and swallowed up his entire body. Finally, this saint race martial artist turned into an ice sculpture that couldn't be approached. That stunned look was permanently frozen on his face …
"How dare you!"
"How dare you sneak attack me!"
"Kill this human brat!"
How could the other saint martial artists have expected that Luo Zheng would suddenly attack?
After all, within the Sunflower Water World, the saints held the dominant position. They had never seen such an arrogant human before. Although they could see that the Ice Soul Devil Flame in Luo Zheng's hands was extraordinarily fierce, the saint martial artists still wanted to rely on their numbers to attack together!
The human martial artists were also slightly stunned. Where did this fellow come from? Not only was he strong, but he was even more arrogant than the saints!
As these human martial artists were hesitating over whether or not to help Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng had already rushed towards the saint martial artists. His figure was like a ghost and the Ice Soul Devil Flame in his hands was an extremely beautiful flower. Every time he passed by a saint martial artist, he would reach out and gently flick them.
This deep blue ice flame rapidly bloomed on the body of the saint martial artist, releasing an unstoppable chill!
"Sou sou sou ….."
The saint martial artists' counterattacks didn't even touch the corners of Luo Zheng's clothes. All of the saint martial artists turned into ice sculptures, the raging ice flames slowly burning around them. Luo Zheng slowly walked out from these ice sculptures, a faint smile hanging on his face.
Although his smile was amiable, the fact that he could kill the Saint Race's Sector Lords with just a wave of his hand gave the human martial artists an absolute shock. Seeing Luo Zheng walk out, the human martial artists couldn't help but take a few steps back, their faces revealing looks of awe.
"How far is Iron Moon City from here?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
"There, there's still two million miles ….." A human martial artist answered. This human martial artist was also a sector lord, but in front of Luo Zheng, he unconsciously lowered his seniority. It was as if he was facing an Empyrean.
"Mm." Luo Zheng nodded. With a light tap of his foot, his figure spiraled up like a hawk as he continued to use greater teleportation to hurry on his way.
After Luo Zheng left, the human martial artists felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted off their shoulders …..
"That guy is a sector lord!"
"Ordinary great sector lords can't do that. Could that guy also be a Dao child?"
"Hmph, are you all blind? That guy is Luo Zheng!" A human martial artist revealed Luo Zheng's identity.
Luo Zheng had once challenged the geniuses of the universe in the Illusory Battlefield. There were many people in the universe who remembered Luo Zheng's appearance.
The trip to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement had caused Luo Zheng's cultivation to rapidly increase. His aura had also undergone a drastic change. This group of human martial artists actually didn't recognize him. At this moment, after being reminded by others, the human martial artists present suddenly understood. At the same time, their faces became excited!
"He really does look like Luo Zheng!"
"He actually cultivated to such a level. How can that ice attribute cultivation technique be so terrifying!"
"He's going to Iron Moon City to challenge Maha. Everyone, there's a good show to watch!"
These human martial artists all flew up and chased after Luo Zheng.
A distance of two million miles was a distance that ordinary mortals would never be able to cross in their lifetime. However, to a sector lord, it was relatively close.
After an incense stick of time …..
A bumpy hilly area appeared in Luo Zheng's line of sight.
At the end of this hilly area, there was a half-moon shaped city that was built around this hilly area …..
"Whoosh ….."
Luo Zheng took a step forward. A blazing white light flashed, and he had already entered Iron Moon City.
The current Iron Moon City no longer had a so-called "city lord". The restrictions and divine runes that were originally installed in the city had long been abandoned. In fact, even if these restrictions were activated, they wouldn't be able to stop these ferocious sector lords.
Right now, Iron Moon City was filled with human and saint race Sector Lords. A portion of them came to observe the arranged battles between Sector Lords. However, even more of them came to provoke each other and challenge each other to a duel …..
After Maha killed Xuanyuan Chenfeng, the saint race martial artists were naturally pleased. Their arrogance was also unprecedentedly arrogant. They constantly provoked the other race martial artists in Iron Moon City. As for the human race, demon race, and demon race martial artists, their faces were tense. It looked like they could explode at any moment.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had just stepped in and attracted the attention of several saint race martial artists!
"The new human Sector Lord, hehe!"
"Daoyala, go challenge him!"
"I'll go try ….."
These saint race martial artists had mocking smiles on their faces. One of them walked towards Luo Zheng with large strides. "Hey, human brat, you came to Iron Moon City for ….."
Before this saint race martial artist could finish speaking, Luo Zheng had already brushed past him. However, the moment he passed by this saint race martial artist, a deep blue ice flower was left on his shoulder.
Luo Zheng's expression was as calm as water …..
That Ice Soul Devil Flame began to burn fiercely …..
Before the saint race martial artists could react, Luo Zheng had already increased his speed. That Ice Soul Devil Flame was like the scythe of a death god, beginning to reap the lives of these saint race martial artists!
"Puff puff puff puff puff ….."
Ice Soul Devil Flame blossomed one after another, disturbing the air and letting out low gushing sounds. In the blink of an eye, this group of seven or eight saint race martial artists were turned into burning ice sculptures, standing there motionless.
Luo Zheng didn't slow down his speed at all. He continued to pass through Iron Moon City …..
Because of his actions just now, Luo Zheng had already attracted the attention of the Iron Moon City martial artists. Groups of Saint Lords and Sector Lords rushed out. Seeing this scene, they were naturally enraged. After all, countless challenges had occurred outside Iron Moon City. However, this human martial artist in front of them had broken this rule!

Chapter 1666
Luo Zheng gripped the icy blue flame in his hand as he slaughtered his way through Iron Moon City.
Any Sacred Race martial artist that dared to obstruct him was infected by this unstoppable icy flame.
Only a few Sacred Race martial artists used powerful laws of fire to slightly resist the Icy Soul Devil Flame. However, the Icy Soul Devil Flame was ultimately a profound meaning comprehended by a Saint, and also Jiu Sheng's famed technique. How could these Sacred Race Sector Lords resist it?
A Sacred Race martial artist who used laws of fire conjured a pure gold flame, but was only able to resist for a moment before his true fire was swallowed up by the Icy Soul Devil Flame. After the internal world in his dantian was completely frozen, he could only stare at Luo Zheng in despair.
Luo Zheng's movements slowed down and he glanced at the Sacred Race martial artist. Under Luo Zheng's gaze, the Sacred Race martial artist was enveloped by the Icy Soul Devil Flame and quickly turned into a human ice sculpture. His life force also quietly disappeared.
Following which, Luo Zheng's finger lightly tapped on the ice sculpture. Countless cracks appeared on the Sacred Race martial artist's body, and he turned into a pile of ice shards that fell to the ground.
"What a bold human brat!"
"This guy dares to attack in Iron Moon City!"
"Kill him!"
Luo Zheng's actions finally alarmed half of the sacred race cultivators in Iron Moon City. One by one, the sacred race cultivators flew out onto the streets and quickly surrounded Luo Zheng layer by layer.
"It's Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng has come to Iron Moon City!"
"The current Luo Zheng is so strong. A few years ago, he was only at the Divine Sea Realm. Now, he can easily kill a Sector Lord!"
The Sacred Race martial artists and other races finally recognized Luo Zheng. Some of the Sector Lords saw Luo Zheng's current strength and sighed in their hearts. When Luo Zheng was in the Illusory Battlefield, he was only at the Divine Sea Realm. They had been Sector Lords for hundreds and thousands of years. However, in just a few short years, Luo Zheng had become so terrifying!
There were 70 to 80 Sacred Race martial artists surrounding Luo Zheng, and they were all Sector Lords. However, when they saw the Sacred Race martial artists behind Luo Zheng, they didn't dare to charge forward.
When they heard the name "Luo Zheng", they became even more flustered.
After all, Luo Zheng was the true number one Dao Child of the Great Yan Universe. This fellow's strength might not be as strong as Maha, but he was probably much stronger than ordinary Sector Lords!
Facing these Sacred Race martial artists, Luo Zheng's face was still calm. He raised his right hand slightly and the Ice Soul Devil Flame that was originally the size of a fist suddenly jumped. The ice blue flame shot into the sky, and the temperature of Iron Moon City dropped by a lot!
As for the Sacred Race cultivators, they all took a step back in unison …
"So … the Sacred Race martial artists are so afraid of death." Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Hearing this, the Sacred Race martial artists weren't happy. A tall Sacred Race martial artist stood out and said, "Luo Zheng, if you want to challenge us, let's go up the mountain. I want to challenge you one on one. How about it?"
Luo Zheng glanced at the Sacred Race martial artist. With Luo Zheng's current personality, he wouldn't talk about rules with Sacred Race martial artists!
"You can challenge me." Luo Zheng smiled. "But it's me alone. Challenging all of you …"
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, golden light shot out from his eyes. The Emperor Soul imprint in his Golden Battle Soul emitted an aura of supremacy. This aura didn't match Luo Zheng's nature, but when released, it was enough to suppress Sector Lords. It wasn't much weaker than Maha's Great Ruling Art!
The majestic aura spread out, and all the Sacred Race martial artists felt their souls being suppressed. Some of the weaker Sacred Race martial artists felt a splitting headache, and even their vision went dark, unable to see anything!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He grabbed the Ice Soul Devil Flame in his hand and shot towards the Sacred Race martial artists!
"Sou!"
He didn't stop beside the Sacred Race martial artists. The instant he approached them, the Ice Soul Devil Flame gently swept past them. A wisp of flame was left on their bodies, and in the blink of an eye, the Ice Soul Devil Flame burned fiercely on their bodies!
In just one or two breaths of time …
The vast majority of the Saint Race martial artists present had been infected by the Ice Soul Devil Flame. Only two or three Saint Race martial artists with relatively powerful soul abilities had managed to grit their teeth and use greater teleportation to escape.
"Hu hu hu …"
The ice blue Ice Soul Devil Flame emitted an extremely beautiful brilliance, slowly dancing on the bodies of these martial artists.
The temperature in Iron Moon City plummeted again …
The Sunflower Water Realm was like spring all year round, but at this moment, Iron Moon City seemed to have sunk into a land of extreme cold. Some of the low level martial artists and mortals in Iron Moon City were shivering from the cold.
As for the human Sector Lords behind Luo Zheng, their mouths were wide open as they stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Just now, so many Sacred Race Sector Lords were planning to surround and attack Luo Zheng. They also wanted to help, but who would have thought that in just one or two breaths of time, all the Sacred Race Sector Lords would turn into ice sculptures.
"This … this guy is unbelievably strong!"
"He is indeed strong. This is already the strength of an Empyrean, but he doesn't have Heaven's Mandate!"
"Are you stupid!? Luo Zheng is a Dao Child. If his comprehension of the Divine Dao is deep, he will be far stronger than Heaven's Mandate! "
"Hahaha, that Maha fellow won't run away with his tail between his legs, right!?"
After the intense shock, there was extreme joy. The martial artists who dared to challenge the Sacred Race in Sunflower Water Realm all had the courage to face death with equanimity. They weren't afraid of death, but they were afraid of dying from cowardice and cowardice. After being suppressed by the Sacred Race for so long, these people's emotions were finally released. This was because Luo Zheng had allowed them to see hope!
After turning these Sacred Race martial artists into ice sculptures, Luo Zheng suddenly stomped his foot. An incomparably powerful force vibrated outwards, as if a giant mountain had smashed into Iron Moon City. The entire Iron Moon City was constantly shaking!
This vibration was like a huge wave that spread outwards, passing onto the ice sculptures. Countless cracks appeared on the surface of the Sacred Race World Masters that were frozen. They instantly collapsed and turned into a pile of ice shards …
At this moment, Luo Zheng slightly exhaled and asked a human martial artist present, "Where is Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse?"
When the human martial artist heard Luo Zheng's question, he forcefully suppressed the excitement in his heart and pointed towards the giant hill on the side of Iron Moon City, "It's there! But … Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse should have been eaten up by those wolves! "
Luo Zheng suddenly frowned. With a tap of his foot, he instantly rushed out of Iron Moon City and landed on the hill surrounded by Iron Moon City. His gaze slightly focused. Sure enough, he found four silver wolves on the side of the hill!
Just like what the bystanders said, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body had already been eaten up by these silver wolves until there wasn't much left!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of fury!
In the beginning, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Luo Zheng were enemies and not friends. However, that was because they were in a competitive relationship. Although this guy's personality wasn't likable, he was still his comrade-in-arms.
Now that he saw Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse being eaten by these beasts, he couldn't help but feel furious!
In the sky, Luo Zheng instantly turned into a meteor and directly smashed towards those Sacred Moon Ash Wolves!
These Sacred Moon Ash Wolves were super divine beasts. Although they weren't fully grown super divine beasts, their strength wasn't weak. The moment Luo Zheng appeared in the sky, these Sacred Moon Ash Wolves had already noticed him. They lowered their bodies and stuck their heads to the ground, staring at Luo Zheng …
"Awoo!"
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to approach, several Sacred Moon Ash Wolves jumped up from different directions and bit towards Luo Zheng's neck, arms, and legs.
The teeth of these Sacred Moon Ash Wolves flickered with a metallic luster. The tips of their teeth were extremely sharp. Even divine tools could be bitten off in one bite. Relying on this kind of fighting instinct, ordinary Sector Lords were far from being their opponents!
They thought that by joining forces, they could tear this human martial artist to shreds!
The Sacred Moon Ash Wolves' intelligence wasn't much lower than that of humans, but they still underestimated Luo Zheng's strength.
"Ka ka ka ka …"

Chapter 1667
"A beast will always be a beast …"
Luo Zheng's hand shot out like lightning and grabbed the Holy Moon Wolf's head!
Unexpectedly, the Holy Moon Wolf's reaction was extremely agile. With a slight twist of its body, it dodged Luo Zheng's grab. At the same time, it roared and rushed towards Luo Zheng's face. The beast found that Luo Zheng's body was indestructible and wanted to go straight for Luo Zheng's face. At the same time, the other three Holy Moon Wolves were also biting tightly on the other side of Luo Zheng, trying to stall Luo Zheng.
"Oh?"
Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of surprise, and then he smiled coldly!
The power of the nine stars in his body gushed out crazily. Then his body suddenly twisted, and a wave of power turned into a whirlpool that spun wildly around him. This invisible whirlpool twisted the four Holy Moon Wolves, and a burst of cracking sounds were heard.
In the blink of an eye, the Holy Moon Wolves' heads, fur, and bones were all twisted into pieces …
Luo Zheng stood in the middle of these pieces and waved his hand calmly. The Sumeru Ring shone faintly, and all the pieces of the Holy Moon Wolves were absorbed into it.
Previously, Jiang Zhengyi was also smashed into pieces by the Cilie Beast of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, but he was resurrected by the Resurrection Holy Lord. According to Luo Zheng's assumption, although Xuanyuan Chenfeng was eaten by the Holy Moon Wolves, these beasts should not have had time to absorb the pieces of his body.
If the Demi-Immortal Tribe could separate the pieces of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body from the pieces of the Holy Moon Wolves, there might be a chance.
Although this matter didn't seem very reliable, Luo Zheng could only do this much. Whether or not Xuanyuan Chenfeng could be saved would depend on his luck.
After killing the Holy Moon Wolves, he slowly descended and stood on a protruding rock, his eyes falling on Iron Moon City.
While Luo Zheng was killing these Holy Moon Ashwolves, he was also secretly on guard against Maha's sneak attacks. However, Maha never showed himself, which only deepened Luo Zheng's vigilance.
On one side of Iron Moon City stood a magnificent palace. This palace was originally the City Lord's mansion of Iron Moon City.
However, after Maha had arrived at the Sunflower Water Realm, the City Lord had been killed by him, and the City Lord's Mansion had become Maha's temporary palace.
A pool in the mansion was steaming hot, and the brown water in the pool was boiling. A thick medicinal fragrance wafted through the mansion. The temperature of the medicinal water in the pool was far higher than normal boiling water. If an ordinary creature was thrown into the pool, they would be boiled in the blink of an eye.
However, there were two naked figures immersed in it.
Maha leaned against the edge of the pool and tilted his head back, looking up at the ceiling. Shi Kongwu leaned against Maha's side.
The two Realm Lords didn't use their protective true essence to resist the heat of the medicinal water. The scalding medicinal water boiled their skin until it was bright red, but they felt more energetic.
"Luo Zheng, that brat, seems to be a bit impatient," Maha said faintly.
Shi Kongwu used her delicate fingers to cup a handful of water and poured it on Maha's sturdy chest. She then said softly, "Brother Maha, don't be careless. He is very strong, much stronger than Xuanyuan Chenfeng."
Shi Kongwu had lost to Luo Zheng and Xuanyuan Chenfeng in succession. She couldn't defeat either of them, but the pressure they gave her was completely different.
She could exchange blows with Xuanyuan Chenfeng. In her eyes, Xuanyuan Chenfeng wasn't an unreachable existence. If she went all out, it wouldn't take long for her to defeat him.
However, the feeling Luo Zheng gave her was completely different. In front of Luo Zheng, she didn't have the strength to fight back. If Luo Zheng really went all out, she believed that Luo Zheng could instantly kill her. This kind of extremely strong pressure was even deeper than facing an Empyrean …
Maha smiled and rubbed Shi Kongwu's face. "Wu 'er, are you worried that I won't be his match?"
"Wu 'er isn't looking down on Brother Maha …" Shi Kongwu hurriedly explained. She was clear about Maha's extremely conceited personality.
She didn't think that Maha's smile would gradually disappear. He said faintly, "I don't have much confidence in my battle with Luo Zheng. I already have a premonition that he might be the strongest opponent I've ever met in my life!"
Under certain conditions, Maha could kill an Empyrean. This kind of evaluation already placed Luo Zheng in the ranks of Empyreans.
Shi Kongwu was stunned. She didn't think that Maha, who had always been conceited to the extreme, would give Luo Zheng such an evaluation. This was indeed outside of her expectations. However, when she thought about how Luo Zheng could possibly kill Maha, the worry on her face became even heavier. At this moment, she was also worried about her gains and losses.
"However, I will definitely win." Maha's expression changed again. He reached out and rubbed Shi Kongwu's nose.
Then, with a light push of his arm, he flipped over from the pool and walked towards the other side naked.
Shi Kongwu also left the pool. With a light jump, she used a bath towel to cover her moving curves. At the same time, she waved her hand and placed another bathrobe on Maha's body …
Luo Zheng stood outside Iron Moon City for a long time.
His heart was calm to the extreme; he naturally had a great deal of patience …
As for the human martial artists and saint martial artists in Iron Moon City, they quietly waited. As World Lords, these martial artists had a certain amount of experience. They already had a premonition that after the battle between Luo Zheng and Maha, the entire universe would welcome a violent upheaval.
Whether it was Luo Zheng or Maha who won, the saint Empyreans hiding behind the Sunflower Water World would take action.
"If Luo Zheng really kills Maha, the saint Empyreans will likely take revenge for Maha as soon as possible!"
"Our human race has already made all preparations. If the saint Empyreans do not fear death, then bring them on!"
"I am willing to defend the Great Yan Universe and give up my life!"
The martial artists of the Great Evolution Universe all had great awareness. After the homeland they relied on for survival was invaded, whether it was the human race or other races, they would definitely not stand by and watch the show. This concerned the life and death of all living beings in the universe, from the big Celestial Venerables to the small ants, there was no exception …
Soon after, the gates to the City Lord's Mansion rumbled open and a figure stepped out.
At this time, Maha had already changed into a set of martial arts robes. The shallow smile that hung on his face had already vanished without a trace. His delicate face was calm and steady.
When a powerhouse faced a life or death battle, this was the attitude they had.
Shi Kongwu stood in the garden of the City Lord's Mansion, watching Maha slowly leave. Her sexy lips pursed together and she whispered, "It's been a long time since Big Brother Maha has been so serious."
Although Shi Kongwu had a strong confidence in Maha's strength, there was also a deep worry in her heart. As for where this worry came from, she couldn't say …
Because Luo Zheng had dealt a heavy blow to Iron Moon City, the many Holy Lord martial artists were silent out of fear. They understood that a monstrous genius like Luo Zheng could only be dealt with by Maha. From this point of view, they were looking forward to Maha's appearance even more than Luo Zheng.
"Your Highness Dao Child, you can do it! Kill that human Daoist! "
"Help us take revenge!"
"That Luo Zheng has an extremely fierce ice flame in his hands. Your Highness must be careful!"
As Maha walked over, the Saint Race martial artists lined the road. Some encouraged him while others reminded him …
Hearing these words, Maha nodded in response. Then, he took a step forward and instantly moved to the top of the hill, overlooking Luo Zheng.
His eyes flashed as he sized up Luo Zheng. Then, he said, "This can be considered the third time we've met."
The first time they met, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't worth mentioning. Maha could kill this person with a single finger. The second time they met, Luo Zheng's cultivation had soared to the heavens. At that time, Maha wanted to borrow the strength of an Empyrean to kill Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng had managed to escape right under his nose …
The third time he saw Luo Zheng, Maha was keenly aware of an intense sense of danger in the depths of his heart. This sense of danger constantly reminded him that this person had the strength to kill him!
Maha also understood that he couldn't wait any longer. This fellow's growth was ridiculously fast. Even when he went to the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement, his strength hadn't increased so much.
If he missed this opportunity, he would have to face an undefeatable monster!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1668
Because he cultivated the Great Ruling Art, Maha's every move gave off a strong sense of oppression.
Ordinary martial artists would feel extremely suppressed in front of Maha. They would even unconsciously want to submit to him and give him the title of King!
But because of Maha's cultivation, his Great Ruling Art had no effect on a Gold Battle Spirit. Not to mention, the aura contained within Luo Zheng's' Emperor Spirit Seal 'was not any weaker than the Great Ruling Art.
Luo Zheng looked up at Maha and calmly replied, "I believe this is the last time."
Maha faintly smiled, "I also believe that!"
The two of them represented the two strongest powerhouses beneath an Empyrean. In fact, both of them had strength that was no weaker than an Empyrean. In the confrontation between the two worlds, they were bound to collide.
As Maha's voice fell, his right hand turned into a fist and rubbed against his left palm. Then, he gently stepped into the air and took the initiative to attack.
There was no longer any meaning to the exchange of words. Eliminating the opponent was the greatest blow to the opponent, and even the universe behind the opponent.
He didn't use any weapons. He actually wanted to use his bare hands to fight Luo Zheng!
"Hu hu hu …"
In terms of speed and explosive power, there was nothing special about Maha's series of actions.
But in Luo Zheng's eyes, he saw the space around Maha begin to distort …
When a powerful strength was exerted on the body, the mass of a martial artist would also become enormous. Once it reached a certain degree, it would form a natural pressure on the surrounding space, causing space to bend in an arc!
This sort of situation was very common for Luo Zheng.
But at this moment, Maha could also do it!
"What a powerful strength!"
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. The blood in his body began to rapidly flow. He felt excited. Luo Zheng didn't think that Maha would have such a terrifying strength. He also didn't know where his strength came from.
But since Maha wanted to use his strength to fight, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate!
Maha's punch wasn't fast. At least, Luo Zheng could definitely dodge it if he wanted to. However, he didn't choose to retreat. Instead, he pressed the center of his body down and assumed a horse stance on the rock!
"This Luo Zheng … wants to take Maha's punch head on?" Hidden in the shadows, Empyrean Myriad Poisons muttered to himself.
"That's too disappointing …" Heavenly Lord Dim Dark shook his head slightly.
"He is indeed overestimating himself," another Celestial Venerable said.
The saint Empyreans also secretly watched the battle with the mentality of watching a good play. For Maha to become the first Daochild, his strength wasn't as simple as it seemed on the surface.
Once, Mo He had gone to the "Heavenly Melody Planet", one of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Realm, to refine his body. This Heavenly Melody Planet contained Mu Hai Ji's power source, and if a body refining martial artist cultivated there, it would be twice the result with half the effort.
On Heavenly Melody Planet, it was true that Maha's cultivation progressed at lightning speed, but the most crucial point was that this Heavenly Melody Planet had grown an Azure Essence Tree. This Azure Essence Tree had only bloomed once in countless years, and that flower had only withered after 40 million years! Then, after another 30 million years, it finally bore a fruit, and this Azure Essence Fruit that had absorbed an endless amount of power source was finally swallowed by Maha!
In the eyes of some saint Empyreans, this wasn't because Maha's luck was good. A divine object like the Azure Essence Fruit wasn't something that an ordinary person could obtain by relying on luck. Mu Hai Ji must have wanted to bestow this fruit to Maha, so it bloomed at the right time and bore fruit at the right time, and then waited for someone to pick the fruit.
After swallowing this Azure Essence Fruit, Maha's strength sharply increased. Even an Empyrean was far inferior to him.
Thus, the saint Empyreans were extremely confident in Maha's punch!
"Do you think Luo Zheng is an idiot? The strength that Maha erupted with can even distort space. Since he dared to resist this punch, he must be confident that Maha will suffer a loss! "Empyrean Sacred Altar sneered.
Empyrean Sacred Altar and Maha were originally at odds with each other, so he naturally wouldn't stand on Maha's side.
Of course, he still hoped that Maha could kill Luo Zheng.
To continuously defeat the strongest Dao Child in the universe, this could nearly cause the 'potential' of the Great Expansion Universe to collapse!
But the result was Empyrean Sacred Altar's words.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. His left hand formed a palm and his right hand formed a fist. This was also a leisurely punch!
When one cultivated to their level, their casual moves were steady without any flaws. Since they were using strength to break strength, Luo Zheng didn't try to play any tricks. His fist met Maha's. In terms of strength, he was far more confident than Maha!
But Maha's thoughts were the same as Empyrean Myriad Poison and the others. If this Luo Zheng dared to forcefully receive his fist, then he was indeed overestimating himself. If he could make Luo Zheng suffer a great loss, then he could follow up on his victory and directly smash Luo Zheng into meat paste. This would save him a lot of trouble.
Peng!
A dull sound echoed out.
At the moment when the two fists collided, Luo Zheng still maintained his horse stance. But, he floated in the air. The rock beneath his feet and even the entire hill beneath the rock disintegrated into countless grains of sand and dust, rapidly collapsing!
As for Maha, his complexion paled, immediately turning the color of a pig's liver!
He could feel an even more turbulent and powerful strength. This strength was so vast that it seemed as if Maha couldn't see the end of it …
This fellow's strength was greater than his, and not just by a little bit!
Maha's response was extremely alert. The moment he reacted, his body suddenly twisted. This strange movement technique made him seem like a slippery loach as he slid along Luo Zheng's fist to the side. And because of this movement technique, Maha was able to remove 80% of Luo Zheng's strength! But even though only 20% of the strength entered Maha's body, it caused countless blood vessels within his body to burst open!
The two people fought with their fists. This was originally a test to begin with, but Maha actually suffered a great loss!
After Luo Zheng's strike succeeded, he wasn't the least bit careless. He grabbed towards Maha's direction, but Maha's status was indeed strange. With a twist of his body, Maha slipped away from Luo Zheng's grasp and retreated backwards. He was like a frightened rabbit as he rapidly distanced himself from Luo Zheng!
As he retreated, there was a puff sound as a large mouthful of blood sprayed out from Maha's mouth, forming a thin line of blood in the air.
The saint Empyreans all had wonderful expressions on their faces. Even Empyrean Holy Altar, who had predicted this result, had a look of disbelief on his face.
Although Empyrean Holy Altar guessed that Luo Zheng was stronger than Maha's, he didn't think that it was by much!
In this battle, the strength of the two people seemed to be on completely different levels!
But these Empyreans didn't panic. This sort of injury wasn't much of a hindrance to Maha. In terms of strength, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng would be able to defeat Maha. After all, there were many methods that could be used that were far stronger than pure strength!
However, the ordinary saint martial artists were no longer calm. They could only see that Maha wasn't able to defeat Luo Zheng in a single move.
"Victory and defeat will be decided in the first punch?"
"He only used a single punch to make His Highness Dao Child bleed …"
"It's over, this Luo Zheng is too strong!"
The saint race martial artists in Iron Moon City began to wail in grief. In contrast, the human martial artists began to cheer and cheer!
"Haha, beneath an Empyrean, there is no one that can be stronger than Luo Zheng!"
"What bullshit His Highness Dao Child, he was still beaten to the point of vomiting blood with a single punch!"
"Come on, Luo Zheng!"
Besides cheering in Iron Moon City, these World Masters also took out their precious Roar Tokens and announced this to the world, spreading out this inspiring news. For a time, the morale of all living beings in the Great Evolution Universe soared!
Maha and Luo Zheng were separated by a full 10,000 feet before Maha steadied himself. Then, Maha wiped the blood from the corners of his mouth.
"He really is more troublesome than I thought." Maha thought to himself. To him, this sort of injury wasn't anything at all. But, he had to re-evaluate Luo Zheng's strength.
In a battle between martial artists on this level, strength was often not the key factor to victory. But, there were many times when it could display unexpected results. Now that Maha didn't have the advantage in strength, he would be forced into a passive position. He naturally needed to carefully consider his options.

Chapter 1669
Once a martial artist fell into a disadvantageous position in a battle, it would often be difficult to reverse the situation, especially if their strength was similar.
But in the end, Maha was the number one saint Dao Child. His methods were endless and he was always able to come up with a solution in the most critical of moments.
His senses were extremely sharp. He was the first to realize that there was something special about this ice blue flame. He knew that he couldn't recklessly clash with it. His figure suddenly sank downwards!
The two people passed through each other in the air. Luo Zheng's palm struck nothing but air.
As Maha descended, a crimson light flashed beside him, and the Mo Saber appeared in his hand. A sinister smile appeared on his face!
"Light Wheel Slash!"
Circular saber lights spun around Maha, spreading out at an incredible speed. Beneath this crazy slash, the surrounding air became chaotic. From afar, it sounded like a beginner playing a flute, emitting a harsh hissing sound.
As the circular saber lights spread out, they completely covered a thousand feet around Maha. This area was a dead zone. Even the tiniest mosquito wouldn't be able to find a single gap!
Luo Zheng was directly above Maha, where the saber lights were the most concentrated.
His reaction was in no way inferior to Maha's. The moment Maha took out the Mo Saber, the Da Qian Heavy Sword appeared in his hands!
Maha's Mo Saber was extremely nimble, like a tiny viper. It could strike countless times at any angle, and each strike was fatal.
As for Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword, it was like a great dragon lurking in the abyss. This sword was extremely heavy. Once it attacked, it would be like a hidden dragon emerging from the sea, taking a life with a single strike!
Dong dong dong dong dong …
Luo Zheng placed the Da Qian Heavy Sword horizontally in front of his chest. The countless sword lights exploded towards him.
The sound of saber and sword colliding should have been very pleasant to the ear, but because of the weight of the Da Qian Heavy Sword, the sound it emitted was very dull, like a great bell!
"You can block it?" Maha sneered. He flipped the Mo Saber in his hand, a look of contempt in his eyes. A second wave of light wheel slashed towards Luo Zheng.
Maha had lost in a clash of strength, but he was extremely confident in his speed!
Moreover, in the eyes of Maha and the vast majority of martial artists, offense was always the best defense. Luo Zheng's resistance was considered inferior. If Maha wanted to break through his line of defense, it wouldn't be difficult!
As Maha changed his moves, the direction of the circular saber-lights became increasingly strange. The moment they cut towards Luo Zheng, they would draw a certain arc, bypass Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Heavy Sword, and cut towards Luo Zheng's body …
Seeing this, the corners of Maha's mouth curled up again.
However, his smile froze on his face in the next moment.
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Maha was very clear on the power of the Radiant Wheel Slash's circular blade light.
In the past, when he cultivated the Radiant Wheel Slash, he had shattered a supreme artifact, the Clear Sky Sacred Shield, into pieces.
Luo Zheng was only wearing a robe. This sort of cloth robe had almost no defensive power at all. The Radiant Wheel Slash should have directly cut into Luo Zheng's body.
But, Maha never imagined that when the several dozen circular blade lights cut into this robe, let alone cutting it apart, they didn't even leave a mark …
What was this thing made of!?
Even with Maha's rich experience, he was still stunned. This sudden development could be considered strange.
"Yes, I don't need to block …"
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He gently turned the Great Thousand Heavy Sword. He completely gave up on defense and swung the Great Thousand Heavy Sword to the other side of his body. His eyes flashed with a ruthless light, and at the same time, the emotions in his eyes vanished without a trace.
Before Luo Zheng could slash out with his sword, Maha's heart began to thump wildly. His eyes widened in an instant!
A feeling of extreme danger flashed through his heart like a bolt of lightning. He desperately urged Maha to run, run, run!
In the past, Maha would face all sorts of dangers head-on, even certain death situations. In the end, he would always have the last laugh. This was because Maha was a Dao Child, the most monstrous genius in the entire universe. All resources poured into him, all doors of opportunity opened for him, and all destiny stood on his side!
If he had a one percent chance of defeating his opponent, then for Maha, he would have a one hundred percent chance of defeating his opponent. This was because he would always be favored by destiny …
But this time, Maha didn't dare to disobey the sense of crisis in his heart!
Facing Luo Zheng's sword, he didn't have the slightest chance of victory!
Although Maha was extremely unwilling, he still didn't want to take any risks. His figure fluttered as he constantly retreated!
Now Luo Zheng was above and Maha below. As he constantly retreated, he smashed into the ground …
"Boom!"
With a muffled sound, a large hole was smashed into the ground by Maha. He drilled into the ground!
The moment Maha drilled into the ground, Luo Zheng's sword finally cut out!
"Yi God Sword!"
After stepping into the World Lord realm, Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao had deepened by another level.
Before this, in order to strengthen the power of the Yi God Sword, Luo Zheng had constantly fused the Laws into his sword intent. But at this time, there was no need to do so!
His sword slashed downwards. Combined with the weight of the Great Thousand Swords and the power of chaos, the two added together was extremely terrifying!
At least in this universe, there was likely no one who could withstand this sword …
An invisible sword intent spread through the air at an extremely high speed. The sword intent contained within was astonishing. The martial artists watching from afar only needed to glance at it to feel as if their eyes were being pricked by needles!
Hua ….
This long and narrow sword intent continued to spread out. The moment it touched the ground, it sank into the ground, creating a massive crack in this hilly region. Looking down from above, it was a shocking scar!
Rumble rumble rumble ….
The sword intent that entered the ground continued to wreak havoc in the depths of the earth. This scar continued to extend, quickly dividing Iron Moon City into two halves. It continued to extend into the distance, as if there was no end to it ….
"It didn't hit." Luo Zheng's eyes were still as cold as ever.
The moment Maha drilled into the ground, he drilled towards the other side. His speed underground was extremely fast, just like a mouse burrowing into a hole. One could see a clear trench appear in the ground.
"Again …."
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He turned his hand and slashed out again!
Yi God Sword ….
Hu hu hu ….
The moment this sword spread into the ground, Maha dodged ahead of time, constantly changing directions underground.
"Again!"
Hu hu hu ….
Facing the fierce sword intent that constantly fell down from above, Maha's heart was filled with horror. He felt as if he had seen a ghost.
When Luo Zheng slashed out with his first sword, Maha had already made up his mind. He would first dodge Luo Zheng's attack and then find a chance to counterattack. According to his experience, after using such a terrifying sword move, there would always be a period of weakness. This was also the best chance for him to counterattack.
Fantasies were always beautiful, but reality was cruel.
He didn't think that this fellow would never give up ….
Every sword strike that Luo Zheng slashed out was comparable to the all-out attack of an Empyrean!
And he had slashed out three times in a row. There was no pause or hesitation in between, nor was there any accumulation of strength. Just how had this fellow done this?
And most frightening of all, just how massive was this person's inner world?
The inner world of a World Lord was limited. No matter how much true essence one had, it couldn't withstand such consumption. Even Maha himself wouldn't be able to maintain his inner world for long if he used such a powerful move!
In this short period of time, Luo Zheng had already slashed out 10 times. If it were Maha himself, his inner world would have already been completely exhausted, right?
But this Luo Zheng was still as lively as before, without any signs of exhaustion at all!
Rumble rumble rumble ….
Those massive sword intents continued to extend downwards. Several sword intents even cut through the Sunflower Water Great Realm. The cracks left behind by these sword intents were scattered all over the place. This great realm was like a face that had been cut open by a saber.
The entire great realm lost its stability and began to shake.

Chapter 1670
Of these saint Empyreans, a portion of them were absolutely loyal to Maha, a portion of them maintained a neutral attitude, and a portion of them even held a certain degree of hostility towards Maha.
After all, the internal influences of the saints were incomparably complex; they weren't monolithic.
But no matter who it was, they still had absolute confidence in Maha.
In the great universe, Maha's reputation was far too resounding. From the moment this fellow was born, he had been constantly creating miracles.
However, as these saint Empyreans saw this, their confidence in Maha began to waver …
Every sword strike Luo Zheng sent out didn't contain any special Laws or karma laws. What this Sword of God Yi contained was Luo Zheng's comprehensions of the Divine Dao. This was the evolution of sword intent to the extreme. In terms of pure strength, it was equal to the might of Yao's Dongxuan Holy Thunder, or the all-out strike of an Empyrean.
But even an Empyrean wouldn't be able to recklessly release such a terrifying attack like Luo Zheng. Looking at Luo Zheng's casual movements, it wouldn't be a problem for him to send out several hundred more sword strikes. And, these several hundred sword strikes were more than enough to tear apart this great world!
"This Dao Child called Luo Zheng is clearly stronger than we estimated," an Empyrean said in a low voice.
When the saints invaded the universe, they had already completed their preparations. In the first year that they stepped into the universe, they hadn't made any major moves. In fact, they had been crazily collecting information about the universe. Through this information, they analyzed the role of each Empyrean's Mandate of Heaven, as well as the true strength of these Empyreans, as well as the conflicts between the races.
And Mu Haiji had warned the saints that they needed to take special care of these Dao Children in the universe. Thus, the information they had on the ten Dao Children was extremely detailed …
Race, skeletal age, strength, personality, experiences, the Divine Dao they cultivated, the cultivation methods they used, and so forth.
However, the ten Dao Children hadn't been sent into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, so the saints hadn't compared their strength with Maha. For instance, Luo Zheng and Xuanyuan Chenfeng were only at the Divine Sea boundary!
But after Luo Zheng and the others returned from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, their strength increased by leaps and bounds. This also gave the Sacred Race a new round of evaluation of these Dao Disciples.
Forcefully raising one's cultivation would cause one's realm to become unstable. Moreover, these Dao Children had just become Sector Lords. Compared to Maha, they were still as immature as chicks. In their hearts, there was not much to fear.
But at this time, the strength that Luo Zheng displayed had completely subverted the knowledge of these saint Empyreans!
"His strength … far exceeds our estimation!" Empyrean Myriad Poison's eyes were full of astonishment. He suddenly felt that it was very hard for him to take down this little fellow too!
"I've been to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement before. It doesn't seem to be that mystical …" A saint race Empyrean shook his head.
"Everyone's encounters are different, and we have no way of knowing what they encountered. Right now, I'm just worried that Maha will be defeated …."
In the end, these Empyreans were only second-order life forms. In their eyes, everything they knew was limited to the Great Evolution Universe. They naturally didn't know the true secrets of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, and it was also impossible for them to guess what sort of treatment Luo Zheng and the others received there! For instance, Luo Zheng had been personally guided by Saint Jiu and the Craftsman Saint! As for Hua Tianming, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and the other Dao Children, they also received treatment that ordinary martial artists couldn't …
As for the Lost Water World, the Empyreans within the Great Evolution Universe all revealed looks of excitement.
Even the gloomy Empyrean Original Sin's deep eyes were filled with appreciation. In the Lost Water World, he had naturally seen Luo Zheng collect the fragments of the Holy Moon Wolf's corpse. He also knew that Luo Zheng's goal was to save Xuanyuan Chenfeng. For this reason, he had asked the Resurrection Empyrean whether or not he could revive Xuanyuan Chenfeng in this situation.
The Resurrection Empyrean didn't have much confidence in being able to revive Xuanyuan Chenfeng. In theory, as long as he could gather all the fragments of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's mortal body, he could indeed revive Xuanyuan Chenfeng. The Rebirth Mandate was extremely powerful. Besides death caused by the Five Decay of the Celestial Being, any other form of death could be revived.
But, the Holy Moon Wolf had already swallowed Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse into its stomach. If it completely digested the fragments of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse, it would naturally be difficult to revive it …
However, the Resurrection Empyrean's answer gave Empyrean Original Sin a glimmer of hope. Empyrean Original Sin naturally felt a bit better.
But, his hatred towards Maha didn't decrease in the slightest!
It was only because he feared the saint Empyreans hiding behind Maha that he resisted the urge to kill him.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng display his formidable strength and firmly suppress Maha, he naturally felt overjoyed!
"Old Patriarch, it seems that the information you gave us is a bit inconsistent. You said that Luo Zheng is weaker than an ordinary lower Empyrean. Is this boy really weaker than an ordinary lower Empyrean?" Empyrean Cloudfox asked with a smile.
Because Luo Zheng had gained the advantage, the originally solemn atmosphere had become much more relaxed. The Empyreans also seemed to become cheerful and optimistic.
"Weaker than a lower Empyrean? The current Luo Zheng should be able to contend with a middle Empyrean, right? At the very least, I don't have the confidence to defeat him! "An Empyrean from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region said.
"That shouldn't be the case. In terms of overall quality, Luo Zheng is indeed strong. But in the end, he doesn't have a Mandate of Heaven. Some Mandates of Heaven are unreasonable existences." Another Empyrean retorted.
"Indeed, the strength of us Empyreans is not only reflected in our cultivation and experience. The Mandate of Heaven is our greatest reliance …"
"…"
Revolving around Luo Zheng's strength, the Empyreans present began to debate. However, the topic of discussion had already shifted from whether or not Luo Zheng had defeated Maha to whether or not Luo Zheng could contend with Empyreans.
However, as they were arguing, a blazing white light flashed not too far away. A space crack had appeared in front of everyone.
Those who walked out from this space crack were Xun, Empyrean Divine Arrow, Empyrean Deepfeather, and the other members of the Demonnight Clan.
Luo Zheng used a teleportation token to enter the Sunflower Dew World. As for Xun, she led the Empyreans of her clan to the Passing Water World. As for the demon race's Empyrean Demondawn and the others, they had already arrived at the Passing Water World …
After Xun appeared, she nodded towards the old Patriarch and then greeted the other Empyreans.
The Demi-Immortal Clan already knew of what had occurred in the Demonnight Clan and had also informed the other Empyreans. The other Empyreans didn't pursue the Demonnight Clan's previous attitude. If they could come to help and strengthen the Grand Evolution Universe, then they would naturally welcome them. Now, the entire Grand Evolution Universe began to gather together, using almost all of the strength available to them.
After the Empyreans exchanged greetings with the Demonnight Clan's Empyreans, they continued to discuss this issue.
When Xun heard their conversation, her pointy ears twitched, and a faint smile appeared on her face.
Could Luo Zheng kill an Empyrean? That depended on just how many Empyreans Luo Zheng could kill!
Before this, Luo Zheng had used the Shackles of War to beat up the Demonnight Clan's Empyrean Darkshadow. If it weren't for Ying using the life link, then even if Empyrean Darkshadow had ten lives, he still wouldn't have been able to kill Luo Zheng.
At that time, Luo Zheng would have had a hard time killing an Empyrean. However, after Luo Xiao had appeared and taken Luo Zheng away, he had mastered the Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book and gained the ability to sever karma. He was even more terrifying!
For example, if Luo Zheng could sever a karmic law like the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, then what could those Empyrean Crowns of Destiny possibly amount to?
Of course, Luo Zheng hadn't fought an Empyrean since then, so Xun couldn't jump to conclusions. The Empyreans continued to debate this issue amongst themselves, and she didn't join in. As long as these Empyreans didn't die, they would eventually witness this scene …
Luo Zheng slashed out more than 20 times in a row.
Maha was extremely fast, and the Yi Shen sword was known for its power. Even though it was slightly slower, it still wasn't able to kill Maha.
However, the World Tree within Luo Zheng's inner world had taken root in the Outer Realm, and it was constantly absorbing chaotic energy from the Outer Realm. The chaotic energy within his body was inexhaustible, and he wouldn't run out at all.
Thus, for Luo Zheng, attacking like this could be considered a form of deterrence!
As for Maha, he could only scurry around underground, inwardly complaining …
But at this moment, Maha was unable to hold himself back. After traveling for dozens of miles underground, he suddenly came to a stop. Then, the earth in front of him suddenly split open. A sword intent pierced through his eyes, cleaving open a bottomless fissure in front of him.
Light shined down from the fissure. Maha looked up, and through this fissure, he could see Luo Zheng high up in the sky.
The two looked at each other. Luo Zheng grasped the Great Thousand Heavy Sword and faintly smiled. "Are you an earthworm?"
Facing Luo Zheng's provocation, Maha revealed a resolute expression. The Mo Saber in his hand twisted, and a dark purple light spread out from his hand.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1671
This purple light spread out extremely quickly. In the blink of an eye, it enveloped the entire Iron Moon City and the surrounding hills.
When facing Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Maha was at ease. The only reason he had used the Great World Technique was to intimidate. Even if he didn't use this move, he could still defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
However, facing Luo Zheng gave Maha a headache.
Whether it was in terms of strength or weapons, Luo Zheng completely suppressed him!
The only thing he was proud of was that he could use his speed to escape!
This Great World Technique was one of Maha's greatest trump cards. When this Great World Technique descended, the rules of this space were all set by him!
Being suppressed by Luo Zheng and forced to flee in all directions had already caused Maha to lose all face.
Although Maha had already mentally prepared himself to fight Luo Zheng and had completely restrained his arrogance in order to be in his best condition, this didn't mean that Maha didn't have any arrogance!
As the number one Dao child of the Great Extreme Universe, being chased by someone and forced to flee underground was not Maha's style!
Moreover, Luo Zheng's terrifying sword intent slashed down again and again. There were also human World Overlords who constantly used the Roar Command to exaggerate the situation. In the entire Great Extreme Universe, as well as all the saint race martial artists, all knew that Maha was fleeing like a rat.
"It really is a bit like an earthworm …" Maha muttered. "But you will pay a price for this …"
Sou!
At this moment, Maha lightly stepped on the ground and shot out of the crack like an arrow from a bow. His right hand, which was holding the Mo Blade, emitted rays of black light as he charged towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Luo Zheng was enveloped in this light and didn't feel anything strange. There were many different types of the 3000 Divine Daos and it was impossible for him to understand all of them.
Seeing that Maha was heading straight for him, he did not hesitate at all. His emotionless eyes flashed and a ferocious sword intent condensed into a majestic aura that once again slashed towards Maha!
"Phew …"
However, Luo Zheng's sword had not yet completely slashed out when Maha raised his head and the Mo Saber slashed through the air!
What was strange was that Maha's saber was not aimed at Luo Zheng, but at Iron Moon City …
This slash was truly incomprehensible. After all, the direction of his Mo Saber's slash was completely different from Luo Zheng's!
At this moment, Iron Moon City was also in a state of disintegration. Those human and saint Sector Lords were all hovering in the air, observing the battle between the two Dao Children from such a close distance. If they were even slightly affected by the shockwaves, they would be in danger of dying. However, these warriors clearly didn't care about their own lives …
"Is that Maha's brain broken?"
"It's better to dodge. It's coming this way!"
"Hey, what's wrong with you?"
These cultivators suddenly discovered that the space around them had undergone a strange change.
Several of the martial artists hurriedly retreated, their bodies strangely vanishing in front of everyone. But in the next moment, they appeared in another place!
At the same time …
The saber that Maha used to slash at Iron Moon City also strangely appeared beside Luo Zheng. With a sudden flash of saber light, there was a "dong" sound. This saber had cleverly repelled Luo Zheng's sword!
A cold smile appeared on Maha's face. The Mo Saber continued to slash at Iron Moon City.
After using the Great World Technique, Maha's saber light was even more powerful. The saber light went straight for Luo Zheng's face, attacking his vital points everywhere.
Dong dong dong …
Luo Zheng gently raised his hand and once again used the Great Thousand Heavy Sword to defend. His face revealed a puzzled expression.
The space laws here seemed to have been changed by Maha?
It wasn't only Luo Zheng who discovered this. The other warriors in Iron Moon City also noticed this. They discovered that for every 30 feet they walked east, they would naturally travel 60 feet above their heads!
Thus, when Maha slashed his saber towards the east, that saber just happened to cut towards Luo Zheng who was 60 feet above his head!
This was the wondrous use of the Great World Technique. It could change the rules as one wished!
However, Maha's Great World Technique was incomplete. He could only change the rules to a certain extent. A truly complete Great World Technique could change the rules and create the rules as one wished.
In other words, the Great World Technique was like occupying a world out of thin air, and one was omnipotent in this world!
As Luo Zheng continued to resist, he also understood the rules that Maha had changed. He protected his head with one hand, but his body sank down heavily. His whole body fell down like a scallion.
As Luo Zheng and Maha clashed, their eyes met. Both of them could see the conviction in each other's eyes that they would win!
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and suddenly slashed out with the Great Thousand Heavy Sword!
As the sword intent of the Yi God Sword slashed out, Luo Zheng's position was 30 feet below Maha, and his sword was also heading east!
Since Maha had changed the rules, Luo Zheng would also adapt to these rules.
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, Maha coldly smiled and spat out two words, "Childish …"
According to the space laws that Maha had just revised, within the range of the Great World Technique, the level of interconnection between space had been changed.
In other words, if a martial artist went east, they would appear 60 feet above …
As Luo Zheng fell down, his sword slashed towards the east, ultimately slashing towards Maha!
However, these rules were set by Maha, and he could also change them in an instant. At this moment, as Luo Zheng's sword slashed out, Maha changed the rules once more. The moment that sword light slashed towards the east, it strangely appeared in the west!
In other words, it appeared behind Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng's sword slashed towards himself!
Facing the majestic sword intent that spread out behind him, Luo Zheng's heart trembled. He somersaulted in the air, forcibly avoiding this slash, and couldn't help but frown.
Above, Maha revealed an apologetic expression and shrugged his shoulders, "I'm sorry, but in this place, I am the master!"
As his voice fell, Maha once again brandished the Mo Saber in his hand and rushed towards Luo Zheng. The Mo Saber was raised high, and circles of black light condensed on the blade, giving birth to a terrifying kinetic energy!
Although Luo Zheng's clothes were very strange, Maha didn't believe that he couldn't kill Luo Zheng.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to raise his sword to block, he suddenly felt his body sink. In the air, Luo Zheng lost his balance and fell down, unable to dodge Maha's slash!
It wasn't just Luo Zheng; all the martial artists within the range of the Great World Technique were falling down.
At this moment, what Maha had changed was the Wind Laws!
When a martial artist reached the Divine Illuminating Realm, they were able to fly by relying on the most basic Wind Laws. Thus, when a Divine Illuminating Realm martial artist practiced flying, they had to be able to move with the wind …
But at this moment, the Wind Laws were directly blocked by Maha.
Within the range of the Great World Technique, even Maha himself was unable to fly!
However, Maha was prepared. When he slashed out with his sword, he adjusted his body. Since he was unable to fly, he even coordinated with his own falling force, increasing the strength of his slash!
As for Luo Zheng, he had lost his balance. Facing Maha's saber, he was unable to calmly block it.
"This ability … is indeed outstanding." As Luo Zheng tumbled down, a faint smile still hung on his face. But as he saw Maha's saber slash down, he suddenly waved the Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand. Relying on the weight of the Great Thousand Heavy Sword, he spun in a circle in the air. At this moment, he didn't dodge, but instead reached out towards Maha's saber!
"Crack!"
Puff!
After Maha's saber contained a black light, it was indeed several times sharper. For the first time, Luo Zheng was able to see blood. The saber cut open Luo Zheng's palm, and golden blood spurted out from Luo Zheng's hand.
But in the end, this saber was still stuck in Luo Zheng's palm, unable to advance even an inch.
This fellow's mortal body …
As Maha saw this, his eyes widened in shock.
He knew that Luo Zheng's robes had an extraordinary origin. Even though they were made of thin paper, they were actually invulnerable!

Chapter 1672
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Maha had the ability to change the rules; he was far too powerful.
If he used this ability properly, it would be impossible to predict what would happen next.
Since Maha was willing to cut down with his saber, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity. Even if he was injured, he still grabbed the saber!
At this stage, Luo Zheng's mortal body was tyrannical to the point that it made one's hair stand on end. Even if he didn't use strength to transfer it, it would be difficult for ordinary methods to injure him …
After the saber entered his hand, Luo Zheng took advantage of the situation and pulled it towards his chest. A vast strength gushed out from his body. Caught off guard, Maha simply couldn't resist. He even forgot to let go of the saber in his hand. Like a lamb, he was pulled towards Luo Zheng!
In view of the terrifying strength within Luo Zheng's body, Maha had a clear understanding that it was impossible for him to engage in close combat with Luo Zheng!
When he was pulled towards Luo Zheng, his entire body slid around like a loach, wanting to break free from Luo Zheng's grasp …
The Luoshen Treading Waves movement technique he used was an extremely ingenious movement technique. After true essence gushed out from his body, it formed a slippery membrane around his body, making it difficult to capture him.
Before this, he had managed to break free from Luo Zheng's grasp several times. This time shouldn't be an exception.
But just as he was about to break free, a colorful belt of light shot out from Luo Zheng's hand, instantly binding his body …
Life Denying Shackles …
Since he had grasped this opportunity, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated and locked himself together with Maha.
Before this, Luo Zheng had been a bit hesitant about using the Life Denying Shackles. Although there was only Maha here, the saint Empyreans were sure to be hiding in the shadows. If he and Maha were to suffer a surprise attack from those Empyreans, he wouldn't even have a chance to escape.
If he wanted to kill Maha, there were some risks he had to take.
The moment Maha was bound by the Life Denying Shackles, he already understood Luo Zheng's methods. If any other martial artist were to be targeted two or three times in a row and suffer setbacks, they would have already panicked and lost all will to fight.
However, he remained absolutely calm and did not panic at all.
With a thought, Maha removed the wind element law and flew up again. He tried to break free from the Life Severing Chains, but even if he used all of his power, he could only pull the Life Severing Chains straight. There were no signs of them breaking.
At the same time, he felt an irresistible force pulling him back.
It was Luo Zheng who pulled the Life Extinguishing Shackles behind him …
The moment Luo Zheng pulled Maha back, he threw a punch at the same time. However, when Maha was only a few feet away from him, his figure strangely disappeared again …
The Laws of Space here were once again modified by Maha. The moment Maha disappeared, he appeared behind Luo Zheng.
The space in front of Luo Zheng and behind him was connected, and one end of the Life Denying Shackles also penetrated through this space...
Luo Zheng took a step forward and wanted to rush into the space in front of him. However, as soon as he entered, he appeared in Iron Moon City!
"This …" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of helplessness.
At this moment, Maha had already modified the Laws of Space in the area covered by the Great World Technique. Countless invisible holes were connected to each other, forming an invisible maze. Although Maha was bound by the Life Extinguishing Shackles and couldn't break free, Luo Zheng was unable to pull Maha closer.
Sometimes, Maha would appear behind Luo Zheng, but in just a moment, he would appear thousands of feet away in the sky. As for Luo Zheng, as long as he moved a little bit, he would escape into a hole and appear in an unknown location.
The situation eased up because of this …
After Luo Zheng pulled Maha back and forth more than ten times, the two of them were less than ten feet apart in the air. They were practically floating face to face in the air.
But in truth, the space between the two of them wasn't as simple as it seemed on the surface. As long as Luo Zheng took a single step, he would step into the hole in front of him and once again pull away from Maha …
Luo Zheng felt somewhat helpless. Looking at Maha's smug smile, Luo Zheng coldly said, "Besides running away, what else can you do?"
Maha faintly smiled. "There are many ways to kill people. I admit that you are fierce. Your mortal body is inconceivably tyrannical. It has already surpassed the limits of a second-level life form. If you were placed in the Realm of the Gods, you would be an extraordinary existence. Your strength is also astonishing …"
For the arrogant Maha to give such an evaluation, Maha could already be considered to have admitted defeat on these two levels.
However, as he spoke, his words suddenly changed. "There are many ways that martial artists compete, but the ultimate goal has always been the same. That is to kill the opponent. You only need to know that I will win this battle!"
"How can you come to such a conclusion?" Luo Zheng asked.
Maha's strength was indeed good, but compared to Luo Zheng, he had already pulled away …
At this stage, Maha might be able to contend with some lower Empyreans, but it would be difficult for him to defeat them.
But even if Luo Zheng didn't rely on the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy, he could still kill an existence like Empyrean Shadow. If he used the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy, he could even contend with a middle Empyrean or upper Empyrean!
However, an Empyrean's use of the Mandate of Heaven was ever-changing. Even an upper Empyrean didn't have absolute confidence that they could kill a lower Empyrean. In a true battle, the situation was also ever-changing.
Maha smiled at Luo Zheng. "You have already fallen into my Phantom Transfiguration Art. You are doomed to be unable to leave."
Because this Great World Technique could freely change the Laws, the methods used were also ever-changing. Now that Maha had completely thrown the Space Laws here into chaos, if he couldn't leave, then Luo Zheng also couldn't leave!
Because greater teleportation couldn't be used here, even Luo Zheng's teleportation token was also ineffective. After all, this space didn't follow the Great World Expansion's Space Laws.
In theory, Luo Zheng had already been trapped here until his death.
"To train such a formidable mortal body, it is indeed amazing." Maha continued, "But in the end, you will fall here …"
After saying this, Maha suddenly sat down cross-legged. His eyes began to slacken as he began to mutter, "Chang, Le, I …" At the same time, an extremely special aura escaped from his body. This aura was gentle and steady, as if he wanted to summon something.
Unfortunately, just as Maha uttered these three words, Luo Zheng suddenly pulled on the Life Extinguishing Shackles. Under the tremendous pulling force, Maha gave a stuffy groan and was sent flying backwards. He scurried around in this space, sometimes close and sometimes far. Sometimes he would appear behind Luo Zheng, sometimes he would appear in a corner. But even so, Luo Zheng still couldn't pull Maha to his side.
Maha originally wanted to use some extremely special method, but after being interrupted by Luo Zheng, he was naturally enraged. He viciously glared at Luo Zheng and continued to sit in the air. "Chang, Le, I, Jing, Si, Sha, Ming …"
Just as he began to chant, Luo Zheng pulled on the Life Extinguishing Shackles once more …
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
With this pull, Maha was sent scurrying through space once more. His chanting was once again interrupted by Luo Zheng.
Maha angrily glared at Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng had an indifferent expression …
Seeing this, the Empyreans on both sides were speechless. Some Empyreans even began to laugh …
Because neither side was able to do anything to the other, this confrontation between Dao Children gradually turned into a farce.
"Maha wants to use the treasure of the heavens to suppress Luo Zheng." A saint Empyrean had already seen through Maha's intentions.
Another Empyrean frowned and said, "Before the expedition, the Great Empyrean did indeed give Maha this ability, but Maha can only use the treasure of the heavens once. How precious is it? Isn't it too wasteful to use it to kill Luo Zheng? "
Since Maha had led the saints on an expedition to the Great Expansion Universe, he had indeed made ample preparations.
But the treasure of the heavens was originally meant to be used to deal with the True Divinities of the Great Expansion Universe. It was far too early for Maha to use it now.
However, Maha had no other choice. He simply couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng!
"Killing Luo Zheng is not a loss," Empyrean Sacred Altar concisely said.
Empyrean Sacred Altar's words were immediately echoed by the other Empyreans.
"It is indeed not a loss!"
"For the Great Expansion Universe to create such a monstrous genius, I fear this is the final work of Saint Luo Xiao! No wonder the Supreme Saint gave us the priority to kill the Dao Children of the Great Expansion Universe! "
Just to create Maha, just how much effort had their saint race put in? Behind Maha, there was even Mu Haiji who added fuel to the fire in order to obtain such an achievement.

Chapter 1673
Maha had many tricks up his sleeves.
Even if he encountered an Empyrean of the Great Yan Universe, he still had the power to protect himself!
But relying on these tricks to kill Luo Zheng was very difficult. Moreover, if he was careless, he would die in Luo Zheng's hands.
His goal in challenging Luo Zheng was not to fight fairly, but to conquer the Great Yan Universe. This was a battle between two Saints under the rules!
All living beings were just chess pieces of the Saints. Maha himself understood that he was just one of Mu Haiji's trump cards …
At this moment, Maha no longer paid any attention to Luo Zheng. He closed his eyes and continued to chant.
Every Saint's Heavenly Treasure was an extraordinary item.
In the Divine Realm, after a living being cultivated to the True God level, they would construct a perfect inner world. Their reliance on True Yuan would gradually decrease, and they would no longer consume True Yuan!
After all, consuming True Yuan was a form of destruction to the inner world.
Just like how a Sector Lord realm martial artist painstakingly constructed their inner world, within which numerous Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands were born, if they fought with others and were forced to drain the True Yuan from their dantian, all the Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands would be destroyed and all living beings would be annihilated. This was a rather painful loss.
After becoming a True God, one would be able to condense a godhead in their inner world and use the "force" in their inner world.
The so-called "force" was actually a higher level application of the power of faith. For example, the living beings in the Great Yan Universe did not know of Luo Xiao's existence, but Luo Xiao could still casually use the force within.
A True God used the godhead to control the "force", and a Saint used the item of heaven to control the "force".
In the Great Yan Universe and the Great Yan Universe, the item of heaven would become the Mandate of Heaven. It would look for a Saint to represent it and control it. Through this Mandate of Heaven, one would be able to borrow the force of the universe. In the Great Yan Universe, one would be the old patriarch, and he controlled the Great Yan Lotus Flower. In the Great Yan Universe, one would be Maha's father, the "Great Empyrean" in the Great Yan Universe. He controlled the item of heaven in the Great Yan Universe, the Qiong Ji Tree.
The Qiong Ji Alba Tree was also a tree with a long history. It was born from the [Innate Dao Scripture] and was eventually controlled by Mu Haiji.
As a precaution, the saint race Grand Empyrean had taken a leaf from the tree and turned it into a law formula that he had placed into Maha's body. With this, Maha could use the 'potential' of the Great Extreme Universe to kill his opponent!
Of course, whether it was the Grand Empyrean, Maha, or the old patriarch, none of them could compare to the power of a Saint. After all, this was the power of a Saint, and they were only borrowing it. They could only control a small part of it, but its power could not be ignored.
At this moment, Maha no longer paid attention to Luo Zheng. No matter how hard Luo Zheng tugged at the other end of the War Chain, he could only let Maha continue to shuttle through the air.
After Maha used the Great World Art to activate the Phantom Transference Art, he created an invisible maze. And all the paths in this maze were isolated from Luo Zheng. In other words, no matter how Luo Zheng pulled, Maha could only fly around Luo Zheng and would never be able to approach Luo Zheng.
"Chang, Le, I, Jing, Si, Sha, Ming, Yuan, Shen …"
Maha's heart was as calm as water, no longer affected by Luo Zheng.
As he continued to chant, a gentle aura slowly spread out from his body.
Not long after, the silhouette of a large tree appeared in this space.
This large tree was emerald green, as if it had been decorated with jade. After it appeared, it slowly rotated in the air. The wide leaves were placed side by side, and each leaf was inlaid with golden Sanskrit characters …
"Golden Sanskrit characters again." Seeing this tree, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. A bad feeling rose up in his heart. This aura made Luo Zheng feel as if he were facing a Saint!
The phantom of the tree became more and more real, and the gentle aura became increasingly strong.
At this moment …
The entire Sunflower Water Realm was affected by this aura. All the martial artists, mortals, vicious beasts, and ordinary life forms felt the air around them thicken, as if they were in water.
"The truth is that I envy you." As Maha felt this increasingly strong aura, the smile on his face became even wider. "I didn't think that among the second-level life forms, there would be someone with greater talent than me. This doesn't make sense …"
In order to raise Maha, the saint race had consumed far too many resources.
His mother was the most outstanding Empyrean of the saint race. Just the time she had spent in the womb had taken her over 700 years … and in these hundreds of years, the saint race's Great Empyreans had begun to throw an endless stream of resources at the unborn Maha!
In the entire Great Extreme Universe, it was likely that no one had ever received such treatment.
And because the Great Empyreans had poured all their resources into raising Maha, they had drawn the attention of Mu Haiji. Perhaps it was because Mu Haiji wanted to raise his own disciple, but Mu Haiji had taken a fancy to Maha's talent and had secretly given him a great deal of support …
For such a blessed person to have such a great disparity with Luo Zheng, one could imagine just how helpless and puzzled Maha was.
But what Maha didn't know was that although Luo Zheng was born in the Great Extreme Universe, he wasn't a second-level life form in the ordinary sense. His father was the master of the Great Extreme Universe and his mother was born in the Realm of the Gods. Her status was extraordinary. When she had given birth to Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, it was also because of a lucky coincidence …
When an unparalleled genius encountered an even more monstrous genius, there were only two choices. The first was to surpass the other.
However, Maha had already reached the pinnacle of second-level life forms. Within the inner worlds of the many Saints in the Realm of the Gods, it would be difficult to find someone as talented as Maha. To surpass Luo Zheng was already an incomplete task.
The other choice was to eliminate the other party and personally strangle this genius.
Maha wanted to borrow the 'potential' of the Great Extreme Universe to suppress and kill Luo Zheng …
"I am a person who hates unreasonable things, so … why don't you go die?" Maha coldly sneered and pointed at Luo Zheng.
The giant tree that had appeared out of thin air began to slowly rotate …
Hualala …
That viscous aura was like a tide, spreading in all directions.
At this moment, it wasn't just the Sunflower Water Realm that was affected. Even the Passing Water Realm to the north, the Clear Sky Realm to the south, and the Yellow Dragon Realm to the west were affected by this aura!
Maha lightly said, "Kill him, Father."
In theory, it was impossible for Maha to control the object of the heavens. He had only summoned the Qiongji Cyathea Tree here. The only one who could control the will of the heavens was his father, the Grand Empyrean of the sacred race.
Weng …
All of a sudden, the Immeasurable Cyathea Tree shuddered, and its huge trunk began to sway. Faint golden light lingered around the trunk.
Colored glass as the ground, treasure tree as solemn, gold as the rope, eight paths in the Realm …
This giant tree was the head of all the trees in the Land of Ultimate Bliss. At this moment, this giant tree was suppressing Luo Zheng.
Facing this kind of power that exceeded Luo Zheng's understanding, he didn't have a good way to resist. The only thing he could rely on was probably the power of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier.
At this moment, the nine stars in his body began to rotate fiercely. Giant waves surged in the sea of chaos, and the central continent shook continuously …
Luo Zheng's world wasn't big enough. If he used the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier excessively, it would cause great changes in his inner world. At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't have a good way to deal with this. He didn't have the time to care about the thousands of living beings in his inner world …
At the same time, the Sacred Race's Heavenly Venerates were still biding their time.
However, in the Passing Water Realm, the many Heavenly Venerates in the Great Extreme Universe began to panic.
"Old Chief! Attack! "Thunder Punishing Heavenly Venerate said anxiously.
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng is already dead. Luo Zheng can't die, he can't die!" Heavenly Venerate Oracle also said.
"Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate, bring me over." Xun's eyebrows were already furrowed. Her actual cultivation was only that of a Great Realm Master. She couldn't teleport the distance of several great realms like Heavenly Venerates. At this moment, she felt the power of the strange treasure tree and realized that Luo Zheng might not be able to withstand this attack.
Maha could use the Heaven Collecting Item, and so could the old chief. However, at this moment, the old chief still stopped the Heavenly Venerates from moving.
He only stared at Luo Zheng from afar and said resolutely, "Now … is not the time."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1674
The plan drawn up by the Demi-Immortal Clan could allow every Empyrean present to display their strength to the limit.
With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's death and Luo Zheng's fall, the 'potential' of the Great Development Universe became increasingly strong. The old Patriarch could clearly feel this.
When Daoist Maha used the 'Extreme Cyathea Tree', he had only used a small portion of the 'potential' of the Great Development Universe. Although it was extremely fierce, the old Patriarch could still use the Great Development Lotus Flower to forcefully eat it down.
But, the old Patriarch still resisted …
It wasn't that he didn't care about Luo Zheng's life. On the contrary, besides Lord Startail, the old Patriarch was the one who was most aware of Luo Zheng's importance.
Luo Zheng's mission wasn't limited to this universe. His future lay within the Divine Realm. Only by thoroughly resolving the conflict with Luo Zheng could the Great Development Universe be preserved.
But, the premise was that the Great Development Universe had to withstand the attacks of the saints!
If the old Patriarch rashly attacked at this time, it would inevitably lead to the frantic counterattack of the saints. Starting a decisive battle now was not a wise choice …
Besides Empyreans, the saints also had True Divinities hiding behind them. A battle between True Divinities required Lord Startail to face it. At this time, Lord Startail was still biding his time, so the old Patriarch absolutely wouldn't act rashly!
Deep in the starry skies, a dim star was slowly spinning.
Startail sat at the base of this star, looking down at Luo Zheng from a distance of billions of miles …
"I didn't think that the Saint Race's first wave of attacks would bring out the Emptiness of the Heavens." Startail shook his head, a trace of helplessness appearing on his calm face. At this stage, he couldn't help Luo Zheng. He could only allow Luo Zheng to face Maha and face the Emptiness of the Heavens.
"I hope that Luo Zheng can rely on his own strength to withstand this …" He muttered to himself.
…
…
As the Extreme Cyathea Tree came crashing down, Luo Zheng felt an intense pressure.
The vastness of this pressure far surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination!
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng had seen Saint Jiu and the Craftsman Saint. From their bodies, he could feel a very special aura.
In truth, this aura wasn't unique to Saints. After becoming a True Divinity, they could possess this aura. This was the 'potential' from their inner world.
However, the 'potential' of their inner world was divided into strong and weak. Lord Startail's' potential 'was far inferior to that of a Saint's. If he didn't deliberately emit it, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to feel it.. Thus, when he saw Startail, Luo Zheng hadn't sensed this aura..
… … … … … …
…... Luo Zheng's …....... the Great Cyan Tree Body. be. be Startail's....... and even his body ''s body body.... be........
Waves of indescribable pain came from every bone in his body!
At this moment, Maha had changed the Laws of Space. He stood in front of Luo Zheng. When he heard the sounds of Luo Zheng's bones being squeezed, the smile on his face grew wider and wider.
"It's truly an indestructible body. If I could obtain such a body, that would be wonderful!" Maha had already made up his mind. After Luo Zheng was killed by the Extreme Cyathea Tree Body, he would take Luo Zheng's corpse and study it. He would be able to find some clues from it.
Feeling that his body had reached its limit, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and thought, "Concentric Garment!"
The concentric garment on Luo Zheng's body could change shape according to his thoughts. At this moment, the robe on his body was rapidly changing. It spread from his chest to his head, and the sleeves and feet also began to extend.
At the same time, the texture of the concentric garment also began to change. The originally soft concentric garment was now incomparably hard. It was like a thin but hard eggshell, tightly wrapping Luo Zheng within.
According to the Craftsman Sage, the concentric garment made from the Quintessence of a Quintessence should theoretically be unbreakable.
After the concentric garment completely wrapped Luo Zheng, he felt the suppression of the Cyathea Tree Body lessen by more than half. He felt much more relaxed. But before he could relax, he felt his dantian tighten!
The killing power of the Cyathea Tree Body was pouring into his dantian, rushing into Luo Zheng's inner world!
"Boom!"
An unstoppable force fell from the sky, smashing into the central continent of his inner world!
This complete continent was as fragile as a piece of paper in front of the Cyathea Tree Body's killing power. After the continent broke apart, it drifted in every direction of the Primal Chaos Sea.
In the blink of an eye, millions of living beings died on the continent. The Divine Kingdoms and Sacred Lands were also affected. Some powerful cultivators looked at the seemingly gentle power descending from the sky in panic.
This world-destroying force wanted to completely destroy Luo Zheng's inner world!
"This force …"
Luo Zheng frowned. Seawater was drawn into the air by him, turning into threads of Primal Chaos Qi that rolled towards that force.
The brown Primal Chaos Qi followed that special force and revolved around it.
"Devour!"
Luo Zheng was an omniscient and omnipotent existence in his inner world. But when it came to external forces, he could only use methods to dissolve them. He simply couldn't resist them.
The Primal Chaos Qi was endowed with the Devour attribute by Luo Zheng. Now, it was constantly transforming this killing power into Primal Chaos Qi.
Rumble rumble rumble rumble …
It was just that this force was far too formidable. Even though Luo Zheng controlled the Primal Chaos Qi to constantly devour and transform it, he still couldn't prevent this force from wreaking havoc in his inner world!
As intense pain spread from his dantian, Luo Zheng's inner world showed faint signs of collapsing. His face revealed a pained expression.
"You can still hold on. I really underestimated you before!"
"This treasure on you is also quite good …"
"Give up, you won't be able to resist this killing power!"
Maha saw the change in Luo Zheng's expression and understood that he was already an arrow at the end of its flight. He would undoubtedly die here.
The Cyathea Tree Body fiercely shook in the air. The treasure light of the Cyathea Tree Body became even more intense. A formidable killing power rushed towards Luo Zheng once more. This strength passed through the Heartstring Robe and drilled into his dantian!
Luo Zheng drew more and more Primal Chaos Qi, but he simply couldn't transform this strength.
After the killing power condensed in the center of his inner world, it began to expand in all directions. It actually wanted to completely shatter this world!
A normal sector lord's inner world was still rather weak. If it was anyone else, their inner world would have already crumbled.
The border of Luo Zheng's inner world, however, was connected by 1,080 golden Sanskrit characters. This border was extremely stable.
However, the killing power continued to condense, and the expansion grew stronger and stronger …
Soon, the barrier began to show signs of instability, and the one thousand and eighty golden Sanskrit characters began to vibrate.
"Oh no …"
Luo Zheng felt the changes in his inner world. His heart trembled.
His body combined with the Heartstring Robe could still withstand this killing power. However, his inner world seemed to be unable to withstand it …
At this moment, the golden Sanskrit characters in his inner world suddenly glowed brightly …
Weng …
Under the constant vibrations, the golden Sanskrit characters began to rapidly rotate.
One golden Sanskrit character actually broke apart under the rotation. It began to split into two golden Sanskrit characters. Two golden Sanskrit characters became four golden Sanskrit characters, four golden Sanskrit characters became eight golden Sanskrit characters. Finally, each golden Sanskrit character became ten golden Sanskrit characters. These golden Sanskrit characters actually floated away from the border.
Without the support of the golden Sanskrit characters, the inner world's border was extremely weak.
Ka ka ka ka …
This border was like an eggshell that crashed into a rock. It instantly shattered!
The intense pain from his dantian made Luo Zheng's face extremely pale …
This pain wasn't much. Luo Zheng could endure it.
However, the most important part of a fighter was the dantian. The shattering of the inner world meant that the dantian was crippled. With the dantian crippled, Luo Zheng was equivalent to a cripple!
However, at this moment, a scene that made Luo Zheng's jaw drop appeared in his inner world.
The golden Sanskrit characters that flew in all directions actually connected with each other again. The number of golden Sanskrit characters increased by ten times. There were a total of 1,0800 Sanskrit characters …
The moment these Sanskrit characters connected, a faint film of light appeared. A new border wall was created.

Chapter 1675
In the Heavenly Dao, his father had once granted Luo Zheng the method to expand his inner world.
There were several methods of expansion. One of them was to absorb more true essence and slowly compress the inner world.
This method was the most popular and the most reliable method. However, the speed of expansion was also the slowest.
Others needed to absorb true essence, but Luo Zheng needed to absorb chaotic energy.
During this time, Luo Zheng had tried to speed up the absorption of the World Tree so that he could expand his inner world. However, the results weren't that obvious.
The other method was to expand with brute force!
As the saying went, destruction is followed by reconstruction. The inner world might be fragile, but if sufficient preparations were made, one could directly draw power from the outside world into it and break through the shackles in an extremely short period of time, achieving the effect of expansion.
However, the consequences would be a devastating disaster for the living beings in the inner world. Therefore, those who chose this method had to make many preparations before they could act.
What Luo Zheng was facing now was actually the second method!
However, the killing power of the Qiongji Cyathea Tree wasn't drawn in by Luo Zheng. This power was simply too great.
At this moment, Luo Zheng thought that his inner world was really going to collapse.
However, after the inner world expanded tenfold, it actually managed to stabilize this space.
After the 10,800 Sanskrit characters stabilized, they instantly blossomed into golden arcs of light. These arcs of light shot out from the boundary wall and crossed Luo Zheng's inner world. They constantly converged at the center and gradually formed a golden pillar of light!
Whoosh …
At this moment, the light pillar soared into the sky and merged with the suppressive killing force.
As waves of fluctuations spread, the pillar of light actually directly annihilated the killing power. However, the pillar of light continued to soar into the sky. It quickly rushed past the height of the Nine Stars and the height of the Divine Lattice Plate. It directly shot toward the top of the inner world.
Luo Zheng felt his dantian heat up slightly. The burning sensation transmitted over. A thumb-sized pillar of light shot out and instantly hit the Qiongji Cyathea Tree!
"Pa …"
The golden beam of light instantly sank into the Alsophila Tree, and the Alsophila Tree stopped spinning and floated motionlessly in the air.
Not far away, Maha's face was filled with astonishment. He didn't know what was happening. What was that golden light that shot out from Luo Zheng's dantian? Why did he lose his connection with the Qiongji Cyathea Tree?
Most importantly, why was Luo Zheng still safe and sound?!
Not long after …
"Crackle …"
Cracks suddenly appeared on the surface of the verdant Poor Extreme Cyathea Tree.
"Crackle …"
The cracks continued to spread on the surface of the tree and soon covered the entire tree.
Immediately, the entire tree collapsed in front of Luo Zheng and Maha.
The "influence" that had affected several Great Worlds had also completely disappeared.
When the tree collapsed, the Heavenly Dao in the Great Extreme Universe started to shake violently. All the Celestial Venerables in the Great Extreme Universe felt the shaking power.
In the Great Extreme Universe …
In the Saint Race's most majestic Holy Spirit Hall, a middle-aged man with his hair down was standing.
This middle-aged man's face was 70% similar to Maha's. He was Maha's father, the Saint Race's Grand Empyrean!
At this moment, behind the middle-aged man stood a giant Qiongji Cyathea Tree. This Qiongji Cyathea Tree was the true body of the treasure that could collect the heavens. What Maha used was only a branch from this tree.
"Kacha!"
A crisp sound echoed as a branch from the Qiongji Cyathea Tree was suddenly broken. It fell from the trunk and smashed into the ground, turning into tiny green particles that scattered all over the ground.
When the Grand Empyrean saw this, his deep eyes couldn't help trembling.
This treasure that could collect the heavens didn't belong to him, the Grand Empyrean, but to Mu Haiji.
In theory, it was almost impossible to destroy a treasure that could collect the heavens, at least in the Great Extreme Universe. This was why the Grand Empyrean had given this branch to Maha. It could be considered a protective talisman for Maha and also one of his trump cards. This branch could summon the Qiongji Cyathea Tree to mobilize the "influence" of the Great Extreme Universe to kill anyone.
After using it, the branch would return to the Qiongji Cyathea Tree.
This branch did return in the end, but it broke off from the tree and fell to the ground! The originally perfect Qiongji Cyathea Tree was no longer perfect with a branch missing.
This treasure that could collect the heavens was extremely important to a Saint, but it had been broken in the hands of a Grand Empyrean … How could he explain this to Mu Haiji?
"What kind of existence is in the Great Extreme Universe that can directly shatter a treasure that could collect the heavens? Maha 'er …" the Grand Empyrean muttered. It seemed that Maha's life was in danger!
…
…
Maha's entire body froze in place.
His mind was in a complete mess, and he couldn't understand what was happening in front of him.
Why was this Qiongji Cyathea Tree not only unable to kill Luo Zheng, but was instead shattered by Luo Zheng?
This treasure that could collect the heavens was a reward from Mu Haiji. If it was damaged in the slightest, his father would be punished by Mu Haiji …
Just as his mind went blank, a huge force pulled him over. When he came back to his senses, he saw Luo Zheng's fist right in front of him!
"Bang!"
How great was the power contained in this punch? It imprinted itself on his face without any resistance!
Weng …
When Luo Zheng's fist smashed into Maha, Maha's treasure automatically protected him. A red scale armor appeared around his body. It was this red scale armor that blocked Luo Zheng's power; otherwise, Maha would have been killed by Luo Zheng's punch!
This was a top quality protective treasure in the Great Extreme Universe, the Heaven Bestowed Red Scale Armor.
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng obviously didn't expect Maha to have a protective treasure. He sneered and punched again without hesitation.
Bang!
Bang!
Bang!
Every time a fist smashed into Maha, a blood-red scale armor would flash around Maha's body.
This armor could offset most of the power of Luo Zheng's fist. It could be seen that this armor was an extraordinary treasure.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's punches became faster and faster. He punched dozens of times, and finally …
"Crackle …"
A shattering sound came from Maha's body. As the red light spread out, all the red scales fell apart.
The Heaven Bestowed Red Scale Armor was forcibly shattered by Luo Zheng!
"Again!"
This time, Luo Zheng wanted to directly take Maha's life.
Maha was beaten dizzy by Luo Zheng. He didn't have the slightest strength to fight back. At this moment, he was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. He had almost no fighting spirit …
"Don't!"
A melodious female voice sounded out.
Then, a beautiful figure floated towards Luo Zheng. It was Shi Kongwu, who had been silently watching the battle.
At this moment, Shi Kongwu saw that Maha was about to be killed by Luo Zheng. She desperately wanted to stop Luo Zheng. She used greater teleportation to suddenly appear in front of Luo Zheng!
"Get out of my way!"
This Maha had all sorts of strange methods. Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this opportunity in front of him no matter what. Moreover, he wouldn't take pity on a foreign race woman.
Bang!
Luo Zheng's fist landed on Shi Kongwu's body. How could her body withstand Luo Zheng's fist? With a mournful cry, her figure fell down like a piece of cotton. The strength contained in this fist was enough to kill Shi Kongwu!
"Stop!"
At the same time, a blood-red spatial crack exploded beside Maha, and a majestic aura rushed out from it. Empyrean Myriad Poison had used greater teleportation and appeared on both sides of Maha.
Empyrean Myriad Poison belonged to the "Brahma Demon" faction and followed Maha's lead. How could he watch helplessly as His Highness Daozi died?
After Empyrean Myriad Poison appeared, he immediately activated his own destiny!
"Slash …"
The moment Empyrean Myriad Poison appeared, his entire body was pitch black. Specks of phosphorescence appeared, and he activated the Myriad Poison Body in his destiny!
The Myriad Poison Body could unleash a powerful force in a short period of time, allowing him to become immortal and indestructible. Whether it was his strength or the strength of his body, they would both increase by dozens of times.
"Scram!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was in a hurry to kill Maha. He threw a punch towards the Empyrean who had suddenly appeared!
"Pfft!"
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng's punch, which contained a huge amount of power, was as if it had struck a piece of broken cotton? It was actually unable to harm Empyrean Myriad Poison in the slightest!
"Hehehe …" A smug smile appeared on Empyrean Myriad Poison's face. He knew that Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to him.

Chapter 1676
Luo Zheng's sword slashed down towards Empyrean Myriad Poisons.
The Great Thousand Greatsword didn't touch Empyrean Myriad Poisons. Instead, the misty Cause Severing Divine Light directly sank into Empyrean Myriad Poisons' mortal body!
Empyrean Myriad Poisons didn't care about Luo Zheng's sword at all.
After he stimulated his undying and indestructible Myriad Poisons Body, even a middle or upper Empyrean would find it difficult to kill him. They could only constantly exile him. In other words, the current Empyrean Myriad Poisons was relatively invincible.
But as the azure light from Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Greatsword flashed past, an unexpected scene occurred.
His Myriad Poisons Body instantly receded from the surface of his body. The layer of blackness vanished into nothingness and his mortal body returned to its original state …
Empyrean Myriad Poisons was also stunned. He didn't move at all. He only stared blankly at Luo Zheng, not knowing what to do.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng's first sword strike had severed Empyrean Myriad Poisons' Heaven's Will. The second sword strike had directly chopped down on his head!
Under the heavy pressure of the Great Thousand Greatsword, Empyrean Myriad Poisons' head was directly smashed to pieces. His headless corpse fell downwards …
Like this, the first saint Empyrean had perished at the hands of Luo Zheng.
"This …"
"Luo Zheng killed a saint Empyrean with a single sword strike!"
"What's with that azure light!?"
Within the Drowning Water Realm, the many Empyreans within the Great Yan Universe were already unable to restrain themselves.
According to the old Patriarch, if a saint Empyrean chose to attack at this moment, they would be the first to help. But, the old Patriarch still didn't respond. He only stared at Luo Zheng within the Sunflower Water Realm, an indescribable light in his eyes!
At this time, Luo Zheng had killed a saint Empyrean in the blink of an eye. This left the Empyreans of Original Sin dumbfounded. They simply couldn't understand what method Luo Zheng had used just now!
Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent. As he looked at Maha, a bright idea stirred in his mind. At this time, he wasn't in a hurry to kill this Dao child. Instead, he used the Great Thousand Greatsword to strike Maha's head. A tremendous strength poured into his mind, enough to severely wound his soul and cause him to fall into a coma.
Zizi …
Then, a blood red space crack appeared not too far away!
The figure in the crack had just appeared when Luo Zheng dragged Maha forward. He swung the Da Qian Heavy Sword back and forth!
Two swords!
The first sword, Luo Zheng, had already severed this Celestial Venerable's destiny due to the divine light.
The second slash was filled with boundless power. Combined with the weight of the heavy sword, the second slash cut the Celestial Venerable into pieces!
This pitiful Heavenly Lord Dim Dark didn't even have the time to say a single word before his body was smashed into smithereens, and he was unable to die in peace!
The second Empyrean had perished …
As Empyrean Darkfall was killed by Luo Zheng, the third saint Empyrean also used greater teleportation and drilled out from another blood red space crack.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He did the same!
His sword cut through the Heavenly Fate, a sword cut through life and death. In Luo Zheng's hands, these Empyreans were no different from ordinary World Lords. And with Luo Zheng's strength, how easy was it for him to kill ordinary World Lords?
In less than four breaths of time.
Three saint Empyreans had perished …
These three saint Empyreans could be considered to have died unjustly. As people of the Brahma Demon faction, they naturally had to protect Maha.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was indeed strong, but there was still a considerable disparity between him and an Empyrean. Just Empyrean Myriad Poison was enough to block Luo Zheng's attack. As for the other two Empyreans, they tried to join forces to keep Luo Zheng here, or even kill him.
However, Empyrean Darkfall and Empyrean Sunrise didn't notice what was happening in the Sunflower Water Realm, nor did they know that Empyrean Myriad Poison had been killed. They only used greater teleportation to follow Empyrean Myriad Poison. Before they could react, they were killed by Luo Zheng two or three times. They had indeed died unjustly!
The Brahma Demon faction originally had two other Empyreans that wanted to use greater teleportation to come over. But, these two people were a step too slow and saw the inconceivable scene in the Sunflower Water Realm …
At this time, all the saint Empyreans froze.
Rumble rumble rumble …
The Heavenly Dao's vibrations were transmitted through their Heavenly Fate …
Just how intense were the vibrations of the Heavenly Dao caused by the deaths of three Empyreans?
At this time, there were only 50 saint Empyreans that attacked the Great Evolution Universe. But, there were still over a hundred Empyreans waiting for orders. These Empyreans also felt the vibrations of the Heavenly Dao …
"Finally, an Empyrean has fallen!"
"Moreover, three of our saint race's Empyreans have fallen. Has the great war with humanity begun?"
"That's not right, the Great Empyreans have no intention of taking action …"
After the saints invaded the Great Evolution Universe, everything had gone smoothly. They hadn't encountered any serious obstructions, and not a single Empyrean had fallen. In comparison, three Empyreans had already fallen in the Great Evolution Universe. The difference in strength between the two sides could be seen.
But at this time, three Empyreans had suddenly fallen. This naturally brought great shock and suspicion to the saints. They wanted to know just how these three saint Empyreans had fallen.
Luo Zheng gripped Maha's neck with one hand and lifted the unconscious Maha into the air. With his other hand, he pointed the Great Thousand Heavy Sword towards the depths of the Sunflower Water Realm …
The divine light of Cause Severance slowly pulsed around the sword blade. This misty light was pleasing to the eye. To the Empyreans, it was like a death god's scythe was emitting a ghostly light.
This was a silent provocation …
Within the Sunflower Water Realm, all that was left was the howling wind.
The saint race World Lords hid in the ruins of Iron Moon City, not saying a word. All of them had incredulous expressions on their faces …
As for the human and other race World Lords in the Great Evolution Universe, their eyes were filled with excitement and joy. To instantly kill three Empyreans, Luo Zheng's performance had already surpassed their imaginations. This scene was extremely inspiring.
"Luo Zheng has killed three saint race Empyreans, hahahahaha …"
A bold demon race World Lord activated a roar, his voice echoing through the universe.
As the countless lives in the Great Evolution Universe received this news, they found it hard to believe …
"Wasn't this Luo Zheng fighting with Maha?"
"How come I didn't hear any news of him killing Maha? In the blink of an eye, he killed three Empyreans!"
"Just how strong are Empyreans … I've never seen an Empyrean in my life!"
"Those are Empyreans! The most powerful existences in the world! "
"This Luo Zheng actually has such strength …"
The vast majority of mortals didn't understand what sort of existence an Empyrean was. In fact, even World Lords and martial artists at the third Divine Transformation were only vague concepts in their minds. It was impossible for them to accurately distinguish the different levels of strength.
But, all they needed to know was that Luo Zheng had killed an Empyrean …
When that roar spread throughout the entire universe, the old patriarch instantly felt the Great Derivation Lotus Flower suddenly sink, and the "force" within the Great Derivation Universe actually more than doubled at this moment!
The 'potential' of the universe was constantly changing. After the saints invaded three years ago, the 'potential' of the Great Evolution Universe had begun to weaken. And before Xuanyuan Chenfeng was killed, the 'potential' of the Great Evolution Universe had already weakened to a fifth of its original strength!
Because of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's death, the 'potential' had risen to the level it was at before the saints invaded, and now it had climbed to the peak!
This meant that all the lives in the Great Evolution Universe had a high opinion of Luo Zheng!
The saint race Empyreans hidden in the shadows didn't act rashly.
In front of Luo Zheng, the lives of Empyreans were instantly harvested like weeds …
It wasn't that the Empyreans didn't have any methods to deal with this. After all, Luo Zheng had used sneak attacks to take the lives of three Empyreans. If they maintained a certain distance from Luo Zheng, they could ensure their own safety.
But the strange methods that Luo Zheng had displayed had awed them.
"Isn't this Maha your Highness the Dao Child? Is there not a single saint race Empyrean that dares to take him away? "Luo Zheng said with a relaxed smile. He naturally used the roar command.
No Empyrean responded to Luo Zheng …
"Since that's the case, I won't be polite." A sharp light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes. He gently tossed the unconscious Maha aside and the Great Thousand Heavy Sword cut down at him. Maha's mortal body had already lost all protection. Under the violent impact of strength, Luo Zheng's sword cut him to pieces …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1677
The saint Empyreans hiding in the shadows were also extremely conflicted.
Maha was originally the leader of their saint expeditionary army. All decisions and strategies had been arranged by him.
He had challenged the numerous geniuses of the universe in the Sunflower Dew Realm in order to suppress the 'potential' of the Great Expansion Realm. But now, not only had he failed to suppress this' potential ', but he had even lost his life!
The saints had made ample preparations before Maha set out. Even if he died here, he wouldn't truly die and the Great Empyreans had also prepared another treasure body …
But to the entire saint race, this was an unprecedented setback …
And because of this setback, their previous plans had been completely disrupted. Although the Empyreans present were extremely intelligent, they didn't know what to do next!
"Luo Zheng must die." Empyrean Sacred Altar spoke up.
Of the saint race Empyreans, only Empyrean Sacred Altar was an upper Empyrean …
Now that Maha had fallen, he was the only one with the right to speak.
Empyrean Sacred Altar didn't have a good relationship with Maha. However, the death of a Dao Child was no small matter. It was impossible for them to allow Luo Zheng to leave!
"But should we attack now?" An Empyrean hesitated.
Empyrean Myriad Poison, Empyrean Darkshade, and Empyrean Sunrise had all been instantly killed by Luo Zheng. The shock this had given them was far too profound. These Empyreans actually felt a sense of fear.
"Hmph, don't forget our goal. We originally wanted to force the Empyreans of the Great Expansion Realm to fight a decisive battle with us. Now that Maha is dead, and Luo Zheng is still in the Sunflower Dew Realm, leaving him in the Sunflower Dew Realm, do those cowards dare to make a move now?" Empyrean Sacred Altar coldly snorted. "Moreover, although this Luo Zheng's methods are strange, he is still only a World Lord. I saw that he killed Empyrean Myriad Poison and the others by relying on the strange blue light on his sword. It seems that all of you don't even have the courage to do this. What a waste of the Supreme Saint's favor to grant you the Mandate of Heaven!"
Empyrean Sacred Altar's thoughts were still relatively clear.
He was able to confirm two things. Although Maha's fall was a great setback, the truth was that it wasn't a great blow to the saints. At most, it would only strengthen their 'influence' in the Great Evolution Universe. If a decisive battle were to break out at this moment, the saints' reinforcements would quickly arrive.
This was not what the Celestial Venerables of the Great Evolution Universe wanted to see. Moreover, with so many Celestial Venerables present, how could they be afraid of Luo Zheng?
Many saint Empyreans nodded. Empyrean Holy Altar's words were indeed reasonable …
"I will disturb the spatial laws of the Sunflower Water Realm. Great Serpent, Taxue, prepare to deal with Luo Zheng …" At this moment, the Holy Altar suddenly spread out his arms. A huge Holy Altar phantom appeared behind him. This Holy Altar was the altar of the Sacred Clan. This Heaven's Will was created by Mu Haiji himself. It was a spatial ability he comprehended through studying the vanished Sacred Clan.
But just as the saint race Empyreans were about to attack, the Empyreans of the Great Expansion Universe also began to move.
The influences of the Great Expansion Universe led by the Demi-Immortal Clan had always been patient and patient, silently waiting for a chance to strike.
Patience was an extremely painful process. For instance, the Human Alliance had been invaded bit by bit. For instance, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been killed and his corpse had been fed to the wolves … these Empyreans were the strongest powerhouses of the Great Expansion Universe, the highest level rulers. They were all proud and arrogant to the extreme, but they had still endured until now!
But at this time, the old Patriarch had finally received Lord Startail's order …
"In 50 breaths of time, prepare to attack …"
Hidden in the deep space, Lord Startail stood on the dark star. After issuing this order, he stretched out his foot and stomped on the dark star.
"Boom."
This stomp contained a formidable potential!
This was the 'potential' that Startail possessed. Although the scale of his inner world was far inferior to a Saint's and he didn't possess a heaven-suppressing object, the kinetic energy of this' potential 'was terrifying!
"Pop …"
The dark star beneath Lord Startail's feet drew a dim line of light in the air as it rapidly plummeted downwards!
And the target of this dark star was the former Great World of the Tang Chen Clan. Several years ago, the Sacred Race had broken through the Wall of Sighs and invaded the Great Expansion Universe. Afterwards, the Sacred Race martial artists firmly occupied the three Great Worlds of the Tang Chen Clan and used them as a springboard to attack and occupy the territory of the Human Alliance.
The speed at which this dark star fell was inconceivably fast. As it rapidly fell, the many beings of the Great Worlds saw a faint stream of light shoot towards the southernmost reaches of the universe!
There weren't many dark stars in the Great Expansion Universe. At the beginning of every Evolution Era, a new sun would be born in the universe.
But even a sun had a limit to its lifespan. A sun only had a lifespan of around 700 million years. Once the sun's light was exhausted, the massive fireball would constantly collapse towards the center. It would condense and shrink until it was less than a millionth of its original size!
Thus, the mass of this dark star was extremely terrifying. It was even more massive than star jade iron. In order to activate this dark star, Lord Startail had to expend a great deal of energy.
The Wall of Sighs was extremely sturdy. Even with Mu Haiji's support, the saints had to expend a great deal of energy to create a 200 foot hole in the Wall of Sighs!
Surrounding this hole, the saints had constructed many structures. Just the defensive enchantments alone reached 60 layers.
After all, this was the only path for the saints to invade the Great Expansion Universe. If this path was sealed off, it would cause great trouble for the saints.
Outside this hole, a massive army was stationed. There were over a hundred Sector Lords in this army, and there was even a saint Empyrean standing guard.
"What is that …?"
A patrolling saint Sector Lord looked up at the sky. In his line of sight, a black dot had appeared in the sky, and this black dot was growing larger and larger …
"Sigh, the momentum in the Great Expansion Universe is strong right now. I'm afraid another star is falling. Quickly report to Empyrean Unbounded and open all enchantments!" Another saint Sector Lord helplessly said.
From the first day the saints stepped into the Great Expansion Universe, the entire Great Expansion Universe had constantly released an intense malice towards them. All sorts of natural disasters had followed.
However, as the most important passage for the saints, they had protected it quite thoroughly. The Empyrean Unbounded who was stationed here was skilled in weaving all sorts of enchantments. Even if a normal star fell, it would be impossible to cause any destructive damage to them.
"Good, it doesn't seem like a normal star is falling." The Sector Lord continued to stare at the sky.
The dark star itself wouldn't release any light. No matter how good one's vision was, it was impossible to find traces of it in the starry sky with the naked eye. It would even absorb the surrounding light and completely conceal itself.
However, at this moment, under the control of Sir Startail, the dark star was descending at an extremely high speed, creating a ring of dark red flames in the air at high speed, dragging a thin and long trajectory. Naturally, it would be discovered by people.
The other saint martial artists also noticed the strange phenomenon in the sky. Someone began to report to Empyrean Unbounded …
Very quickly, a middle-aged man wearing a blue robe flew up. This middle-aged man was the Empyrean Unbounded who was in charge of guarding this place.
He looked up, and a trace of caution appeared in his eyes. He could also tell that this falling star was not ordinary. So, he stretched out his hand and a square thin piece appeared above his head. The instant the thin piece appeared, it began to spin rapidly!
For a time, enchantments spread out around the youth one after another!
Empyrean Unbounded's enchantment power was extremely powerful. Just these faint light screens were enough to block an Empyrean's attack!
Those enchantments were condensed and quickly enveloped an area of a hundred miles …
Other than the enchantments set up by Empyrean Unbounded himself, the other saints also activated all sorts of divine marks, condensing multicolored defensive enchantments …
The entire process only took two to three breaths of time. It could be seen that the saints' preparations were quite thorough.
However, how could Startail's counterattack, which had been planned for so long, be blocked so easily?
This dark star's mass was frighteningly large, and after being controlled by Startail, it smashed down at such a high speed. The power it contained was almost unimaginably terrifying …
"Wu wu wu …"

Chapter 1678
This Unbounded Heavenly Sovereign felt the power of this dark star in advance. Before the expression on his face could change, the enchantment he had set up shattered one after another!
Unbounded Heavenly Sovereign's enchantment and the enchantment obtained by the other Sacred Race World Lords were stacked together. Even a powerful Empyrean would not be able to break through it in a short period of time …
However, when this dark star that carried a huge impact fell, these enchantments immediately became as weak as a piece of paper. They fell straight down, tearing apart the enchantments as easily as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood!
"This …"
Unbounded Heavenly Sovereign's eyelids trembled. He felt a great danger and was about to use greater teleportation to escape this place.
However, just as he used greater teleportation, he felt the surrounding space instantly freeze. No matter how he activated the spatial laws, he was unable to tear the space around him apart in the slightest!
The Empyrean's comprehension of spatial laws had already reached an extremely profound level, but at this moment, the surrounding space was actually locked down by someone!
Other than using the "Great World Technique" to change the spatial laws like Maha, only a True God could lock down the space around an Empyrean!
The True God of the human race had made his move!
As this thought flashed through his mind, Limitless Heavenly Sovereign saw an old man standing above the dark star. This old man stood on the dark star, his eyes coldly staring at Unbounded Heavenly Sovereign below, as if he was looking at a dead person.
Even Unbounded Heavenly Sovereign was unable to escape this place, so the other Sacred Race martial artists were even more helpless. They could only watch as that colossus pressed down on them.
However, this dark star only pressed down for an instant, and did not have too much time to be depressed. They did not feel the slightest bit of pain. They only felt their vision turn black, and their bodies were destroyed, their souls scattered …
"Rumble …"
Following a huge rumbling sound, the entire Great Realm shook incessantly.
After the dark star fell, it lifted up a layer of soil that was tens of thousands of feet high. This soil rolled up rapidly, like a "tsunami" on land, but also like a rapidly moving mountain, sweeping towards the depths of this great world …
The Dark Star smashed into the passage of the Wall of Sighs. Half of the Dark Star was embedded into the Wall of Sighs, completely blocking the passage!
Just placing a Dark Star here wouldn't be able to obstruct the saint martial artists; they could easily cross over with great void shift techniques.
At this moment, Xing Wei's eyes flashed with a brilliant light. He stretched out his hand and flicked it, causing his silver hair to flutter. A powerful aura spread out into the starry sky, causing the stars in the sky to emit an intense radiance.
"Stars of the heavens, heed my command. With the power of the stars, seal the myriad worlds forever!"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
All of the stars in the entire Great Evolution Universe emitted a dazzling radiance.
Startail had originally wanted to control the entire universe, but he had failed after trying. At this stage, he could only rely on the Great Sealing Technique, the Star Sealing Technique, to completely seal the space here in one go.
As such, the space here would be completely sealed off by the Star Tail, and the passageway would also be blocked off by the Dark Star.
However, this was not a method that could solve the problem once and for all.
Although the mass of the dark star was incomparably massive, the saints still had methods to push it away. The space sealed by the power of the stars was also incomparably firm. Even so, it was still unable to resist the might of a True Divinity of the saints. A True Divinity could still tear apart the seal.
But whether it was breaking through the dark star or tearing apart the Star Sealing Technique, both required time.
Xing Wei's goal was to seize this time!
From the first time the saints stepped into the Great Evolution Universe, Xing Wei had been constantly calculating and weighing the strength of both sides.
In the first expeditionary army of the saints, they had only sent 59 Empyreans. In addition to Dao Child Maha, there were countless other Holy Lords and World Lords that could be ignored. But of these 59 Empyreans, three had already been killed by Luo Zheng and one more had been killed by Xing Wei. Now, there were 55 remaining!
At this stage, Xing Wei had blocked off the passageway so that he could cooperate with the Old Patriarch and use thunderous methods to kill off these 55 Empyreans in the shortest amount of time possible.
After Xing Wei blocked off the passageway, some of the saint World Lords in the distance were lucky enough to survive. Their faces were covered in dirt as they looked over in a daze. The vast majority of them hadn't yet reacted and didn't know what had happened …
"Then, who is that old man …" A saint World Lord asked with wide eyes.
No one was able to answer his question.
Xing Wei's expression didn't change at all. His feet lightly stepped on the dark star and his entire body flowed like the wind. His twig-like finger lightly tapped the air and an invisible strength shot out from his finger …
The saint World Lords saw that the situation was bad and wanted to use greater teleportation. But, they discovered that the entire space had been sealed off. It was impossible to use greater teleportation techniques in this great world!
Puff puff puff puff …
Dozens of saint World Lords were instantly pulverized by this invisible strength. They didn't even have time to scream before they all died!
After killing these saint World Lords, Xing Wei didn't stay any longer. He stepped out and instantly left this great world, heading towards the center of the universe. He wanted to rush towards Sunflower Water World.
The remaining Sacred Race Empyreans were hidden in the depths of the Sunflower Water Realm. At this moment, he was about to apply the Star Seal to the Sunflower Water Realm, sealing it once more. If he didn't do so, it was basically impossible to kill all the remaining Empyreans in a short period of time with the teleportation ability of an Empyrean. Even Star Tail himself couldn't do it. After all, an Empyrean could cross several great realms with a single greater teleportation.
When Xing Wei sealed off the passageway, the saint World Lords had already begun to move.
After Maha fell, a huge Saint Altar illusion suddenly descended into Sunflower Water World …
Rumble!
The huge Saint Altar that was originally an illusion had now turned into a real existence, sitting in the center of Sunflower Water World.
Weng weng weng …
A ring of flames suddenly appeared in the center of the Saint Altar, lighting up the entire altar.
In the center of this holy altar, there was a wide well. A circle of flames was constantly burning around it, and at the same time, a strange and heart-stirring song was released from the holy altar. The sound instantly spread throughout the Sunflower Water Realm, and Luo Zheng, who was not far from the holy altar, naturally heard it clearly...
"This Saint Altar is summoning something from the well!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He gripped the [Great Thousand Heavy Sword] even tighter.
Even to True Divinities and Saints, the saint World Lords were a rather mysterious race. Mu Haiji was not the only one researching this race. For example, Luo Zheng's master Gu Bei was also researching the origin of this race. For example, the test of the True Path of Extinction in the Immortal Mansion was created by the martial artists of the saint World Lords …
"Oh!"
From the deep well in the center of the Saint Altar, a monster with the head of a chicken and the body of a snake suddenly drilled out. This monster let out a sharp cry and immediately felt the Space Laws of the entire Sunflower Water World become chaotic. When the Laws began to become chaotic, Luo Zheng was unable to use greater teleportation!
This monster with the head of a chicken and the body of a snake had such a miraculous ability. It was similar to Maha's [Great World Technique], but it was fundamentally different. Maha was able to directly change the Laws, but this monster was unable to change the Laws. It was able to cause the Laws to fall into chaos and be unable to be used.
The flames on the Saint Altar continued to burn. The inspiring song continued to ring out, but the Saint Altar continued to summon …
"Roar!"
Following a fierce roar, the entire Saint Altar began to shake. Following that, something rushed out. It was a monster with the head of a tiger and the body of a cow. There was a pair of dark red wings on its back. The hair on its body was like the spikes of a hedgehog. It looked ferocious and ruthless.
After this monster with the head of a tiger and the body of a cow rushed out of the Saint Altar, it did not stop at all. It pounced straight at Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng was unable to determine the rank of this monster, but this monster gave Luo Zheng a great deal of pressure. A strong sense of danger arose in his heart. It seemed that this monster was even more difficult to deal with than a Celestial Master!
Facing a Celestial Master, Luo Zheng was still able to use the Divine Light of Judgment to remove his opponent's Mandate of Heaven …
Luo Zheng was unable to use the Divine Light of Judgment to kill these ancient desolate beasts that the Celestial Master of the Saint Altar had summoned with the Divine Light of Judgment. At this stage, Luo Zheng had only cultivated the [Profound Chapter of the Former Path], which was enough to sever the cause.
This ancient desolate beast summoned by the Saint Altar was born from the cause. However, it was a "fruit". Luo Zheng needed to master the [Profound Chapter of the Latter Path] and possess the ability to destroy the "fruit" before he could easily deal with it.
Just as the monster with the head of a tiger and the body of a cow pounced at Luo Zheng …
A thin and small figure appeared in the sky directly in front of Luo Zheng. He used the [Thousand Pound Drop] downwards and stepped on the monster's body. He actually stomped the monster into pieces!
"So strong!"
Luo Zheng was shocked. When he saw the person clearly, he realized that it was the old patriarch who was holding the Great Expansion Lotus Flower in one hand!

Chapter 1679
Empyreans were divided into upper, middle, and lower ranks; they weren't divided according to their cultivation.
Strictly speaking, an Empyrean's cultivation was at the Great World Lord level. After expanding their inner world several times, they would gradually come to a halt. What truly allowed an Empyrean to surpass a World Lord was their Heaven's Mandate.
Thus, the difference between upper, middle, and lower Empyreans was the strength of their Heaven's Mandate.
Empyrean Sacred Altar's Heaven's Mandate belonged to the 'summoning' category of Heaven's Mandate. This sort of Heaven's Mandate belonged to the weaker category and was ranked towards the bottom of Empyreans. It couldn't even reach the level of a middle Empyrean!
But, the reason that Empyrean Sacred Altar was able to reach the upper Empyrean level was because of the uniqueness of the Sacred Altar.
The saint desolate beasts that were summoned from the Sacred Altar were extremely powerful. Each desolate beast's strength was comparable to a lower Empyrean, and there were even some saint desolate beasts that possessed special abilities that were comparable to the Heaven's Mandate of a middle Empyrean!
For instance, the Qiongqi that the old Patriarch had crushed to pieces was also a terrifying vicious beast.
If Luo Zheng were to fight it alone, he wouldn't necessarily have the advantage …
But at this time, the old Patriarch had used the Great Expansion Lotus Flower to gather the momentum of the universe to attack. His strength was also unprecedented. With a single stomp, he had crushed the tiger-headed Qiongqi to pieces …
The saints never expected that the Demi-Immortal Clan would attack at this time. Empyrean Sacred Altar was stunned for a moment. But then, as if he understood something, he cried out in alarm, "This is bad! Everyone, hurry … "
Behind the 50 some saint Empyreans were the Great Boundary Universe. Although they were deep in the universe, the Great Boundary Universe's True Divinities and many other Empyreans were on standby.
If the saint Empyreans used greater teleportation, it wouldn't take them too long to arrive. As for the True Divinity powerhouses, they could arrive in an instant!
Thus, they never thought that the Great Boundary Universe's Empyreans would attack at this time!
Since even the old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Clan had attacked, the Great Boundary Universe's Empyreans were bound to follow.
Empyrean Sacred Altar didn't know that the channel to the Wall of Sighs had been sealed by the Star Tail. But, he could still make a judgment. Since the old Patriarch dared to launch a sneak attack now, he must have made complete preparations …
That was why Celestial Venerable Elysian Altar had immediately ordered everyone to retreat!
But before he could finish his sentence, the stars in the sky began to shine with dazzling light …
"All the stars in the heavens, heed my command. With the power of the stars, seal the myriad worlds forever! Star Sealing Technique! "
When a true god used greater teleportation, they could almost cross from one universe to another. Star Tail only sealed off the passage of the Wall of Sighs after a few breaths of time. At this moment, he had already descended into Sunflower Water Realm and used Star Sealing Art to completely seal off this great realm.
It was far too difficult for an Empyrean to kill another Empyrean. In a battle between two Empyreans, the weaker side would be defeated and would be able to escape a trillion miles away with a single greater teleportation. If the saint race Empyreans managed to escape, then this was not a matter that could be resolved in a short period of time. In the vast universe, three human Empyreans had spent a total of 400 years to kill an Empyrean from a small race …
Another example was Divine Arrow Exalted Celestial, who had been hunted down by the Demon Night Clan. He had managed to escape right under their noses and hid himself deep underground.
But in the end, Star Tail was still a True Divinity!
After he used the Star Sealing Art, even other True Divinities would find it difficult to break free, much less these Empyreans present.
Crackle …
Dozens of saint Empyreans hurriedly used greater teleportation. But, the space channel formed by greater teleportation didn't even take shape before disappearing beneath their feet …
"This is bad, this is bad! Space has been sealed off! "An Empyrean said, stunned.
"How is this possible? Who has the ability to seal off our space!?" Another Empyrean said, his voice filled with disbelief.
"It must be that True Divinity!"
These Empyreans were usually high and mighty, calm and composed. However, at the critical moment of life and death, a small portion of the Empyreans revealed their true colors. They actually had flustered and exasperated looks on their faces, not knowing how to face such a situation.
Of course, the majority of saint race Empyreans maintained their calm …
"Don't panic," Empyrean Sacred Altar indifferently said.
"Humph, although I don't know what methods they used, it won't be easy for them to capture us." On the other side, Empyrean Seven Kill's face was filled with malice. He was one of the most belligerent Empyreans of the saint race and had long been restless.
Empyrean Silver Frost was the calmest. "We don't have to fight to the death with them. The Great Empyreans must already know what's going on here. We only need to take a defensive stance and resist for a while …"
Among the many Empyreans, Empyrean Silver Frost's analysis was the most accurate.
Startail had used the Star Sealing Art and the Dark Star to completely block off the channel on the Wall of Sighs, but it couldn't be maintained for too long. The Empyreans only needed to endure this period of time until the saint race reopened the channel and reinforcements arrived.
Empyrean Silver Frost's words received the approval of the vast majority of Empyreans!
"Let's see if you can survive until then!"
As this voice echoed out, not too far away from the saint race Empyreans, orderly Space Laws erupted. These Space Laws drew out a blazing white line in the air, forming a square space door.
The door opened and an old man appeared before the saint race Empyreans.
When an Empyrean used greater teleportation, they needed to tear open space. Often, the power of Space Laws would escape, forming an irregular space storm …
But when this old man used greater teleportation to arrive, the Space Laws didn't dissipate in the slightest, nor did any space storms appear.
In the eyes of the Empyreans, this method could be called a divine skill!
Seeing this old man, Empyrean Sacred Altar's pupils widened. "It's the True Divinity of the Demi-Immortal Clan!"
Several years ago, Maha had visited the Demi-Immortal Clan. The several Empyreans that accompanied him had seen Startail before, thus they naturally recognized him!
Since the Great Evolution Universe had launched an all-out attack, their True Divinity would naturally take action as well.
"So what if you're a True Divinity? I'll tear you apart all the same!"
Empyrean Seven Slaughter coldly snorted. All of the bones in his body began to emit popping sounds. He instantly grew seven to eight times his original size, as if he were a giant. At the same time, an intense killing intent gushed out from his body.
Although Empyrean Seven Slaughter was only a middle Empyrean, in terms of killing power alone, he was even more terrifying than an upper Empyrean.
The Seven Slaughter Heaven's Mandate that he inherited was a killing path created by Mu Haiji, called the Seven Slaughter Path.
The Saints of the Divine Realm had created several massive systems. Their perception of the Divine Realm was the most thorough and their understandings were the most profound. Although the Seven Slaughter Path wasn't the Divine Dao, there were still many True Divinities that cultivated it.
Empyrean Seven Slaughter directly inherited the Seven Slaughter Heaven's Mandate. This was originally Mu Haiji's own comprehensions, so when Empyrean Seven Slaughter used it, it was also extremely terrifying!
The Seven Slaughter Path was the killing of disloyalty, the killing of injustice, the killing of unfilial piety, the killing of inhumanity, the killing of impoliteness, the killing of unwisdom, and the killing of disbelief. This cultivation method was the extreme of killing and was paranoid to the extreme. But, it also walked down an unusual path.
At this moment, Empyrean Seven Slaughter had already transformed into a killing god as he rushed towards Startail.
Ordinary Empyreans would still feel a considerable amount of pressure when facing a True Divinity. After all, there was an entire level of difference in strength.
However, Empyrean Seven Slaughter had activated the Seven Slaughter Path. His entire being was dominated by killing, without the slightest bit of emotion to speak of. From this point, the Seven Slaughter Path was actually very similar to the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. It was just that the Seven Slaughter Path wasn't a Divine Dao and wasn't as heaven-defying as the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. It was also not considered a forbidden path by the Divine Realm.
"Hu …"
Empyrean Seven Slaughter charged over with an inconceivable momentum, but Startail's expression was incomparably calm.
At this moment, Startail casually waved his hand and a handful of faint starlight appeared in his hand. These starlights were like tiny fireflies. After they appeared, they floated towards Empyrean Seven Slaughter …
Empyrean Seven Slaughter didn't pay any attention to these faint starlights, nor did he have any intention of dodging.
But the moment these inconspicuous starlights touched Empyrean Seven Slaughter, they exploded into fist-sized balls of light …
These balls of light exploded on Empyrean Seven Slaughter's chest. The instant they exploded, they swallowed up this Empyrean's body. By the time Empyrean Seven Slaughter arrived in front of Startail, his entire body had already been split in two by the starlights. The dantian at his waist had also been completely annihilated.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1680
The reason that this Empyrean was able to rush in front of Startail was entirely because of his explosive strength.
By the time he arrived in front of Startail, that strength had already been exhausted. Empyrean Seven Kill's fist only struck Startail's chest. This soft punch didn't have any strength at all. Then, half of Empyrean Seven Kill's body fell to the ground …
Empyrean Seven Kill had fallen …
As the saint Empyreans saw this, their complexions darkened!
Although they knew that a True Divinity was strong, Startail's strength had far surpassed their imaginations. If just a handful of starlight had such power, how could they possibly resist?
"Fight him to the death …"
"I will freeze this great world with my hundred energy frost!"
"Sacrifice your life to kill …"
"With so many of us attacking together, so what if he is a True Divinity!"
Seeing Empyrean Seven Kill's miserable state, all of the Empyreans present realized just how naïve their thoughts were.
Such a powerful True Divinity could only be resisted by the saint True Divinities.
If they simply defended to the death, it was impossible for them to be this True Divinity's match. If they wanted to live, they could only fight with their lives on the line!
Here, the Mandate of Heaven released all sorts of colors …
More than fifty Empyreans simultaneously spat out their True Essence and activated their Heaven's Wills to unleash their strongest attack. Just how terrifying was the power contained within this attack?
Even a True Divinity couldn't forcefully receive this strike!
A faint smile appeared on Xing Wei's face. He took a step back and stepped through the door. The door formed by the power of space immediately disappeared … He had used greater teleportation to leave.
The Starseal Art could target a specific group of people. Only the saint Empyreans in front of him were bound by space.
It wasn't difficult for Startail to kill an Empyrean. But, if dozens of Empyreans rushed over, he knew he wasn't their match. Moreover, there were some extremely powerful Empyreans that had the qualifications to fight with a True Divinity …
Moreover, his mission was only to lock these Empyreans in the Sunflower Water World. There would naturally be others who would kill them …
… …
… …
Hum hum hum hum …
In the skies above the Sunflower Water World, a massive space storm erupted.
A huge warship rushed out of the spatial storm. It was tens of thousands of feet tall and one million feet long, and both sides of the warship were inlaid with numerous supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu.
These Zhen Yuanyu were not there to provide kinetic energy for the battleship, but to maintain the four Divine Rune Arrays.
Long Vine Formation, Buddha Emperor Formation, Double Sun Formation, Heavenly Tooth Formation …
When the four arrays were activated, the shadows of four huge swords appeared around the warship.
On the ship's railing, Xi Youqin sat upright. She folded her hands and made a mysterious gesture, pointing at the four giant swords.
To set up the complete God Slaying Sword Formation, one would need the Long Vine Sword, Buddha Emperor Sword, Chongyang Sword, and Heavenly Fang Sword. However, these four swords were not in the Dayan Universe. However, the Heavenly Immortal Race had great masters of formations. They had used the God Slaying Sword Formation that Xi Youqin had inherited to derive the four swords' prototypes. They then used the Divine Pattern Art to simulate the four swords!
This method consumed a lot of Zhen Yuanyu. However, for the sake of the entire Dayan Universe, what did a mere Zhen Yuanyu count for?
As Xi Youqin completed a set of seals, the four swords had an extremely subtle feeling with her. They were completely integrated into the God Slaying Sword Formation. She looked into the distance. Her ring finger and little finger gently pointed, and she spat out the word "go." The four swords pierced through the vast sea of clouds and shot straight toward a certain place in the Sunflower Water Realm. As soon as the four swords came out, they stirred up the clouds above the Sunflower Water Realm.
"Rumble …"
At the same time …
Thunder Punishing Skylord also appeared on the other side of the Sunflower Water Realm.
Behind Thunder Punishing Skylord were four bald monks. These four people were the four Skylords of the Star Hidden Temple. They were Wuxin, Wuyuan, Wuren, and Wuhui.
Among the Skylords of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm, other than Thunder Punishing Skylord, the other Skylords were not famous in the universe. They rarely walked in the world. However, no one could ignore their strength, especially the "Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to Origin Stupa" that they had set up!
"Wuxin!"
"Here!"
"Fated!"
"Here!"
"Rootless!"
"Here!"
"Wuhui!"
"Here!"
"Happy with all the Buddhas, Ten Thousand Sects Return to One!"
"No obsession, no thoughts, no laws and no heavens!"
"..."
"Shua!"
Multicolored light soared into the sky, illuminating the entire Sunflower Water Realm, plating this great realm with a layer of golden light …
An unimaginably huge pagoda suddenly stood on top of the Sunflower Water Realm. In the eyes of the world, this pagoda seemed to have infinite height. If it was placed horizontally, the entire Sunflower Water Realm would not be able to hold it!
No matter where in the Sunflower Water Realm, this pagoda could be clearly seen!
"Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to Origin Stupa!" "Suppress!"
A dark red light appeared between Thunder Punishing Skylord's eyebrows. The other four Skylords were the same. Although the aura on their bodies was gentle, it was everlasting. At this moment, they were shuttling towards the depths of the Sunflower Water Realm.
Next …
One by one, the shadows of stars condensed.
The four Patriarchs of the Gods Without Thought also stepped into the Sunflower Water Realm.
The cultivation methods that Luo Xiao imparted to his disciples were mostly related to stars.
The four Patriarchs of the Gods Without Thought, the Xuan Yuan, Ji, Lie, and Ji families were all descendants of his disciples. The method that they used together, "Star Destruction", also had the same origin …
"Crackle!"
Not far from Luo Zheng, a spatial crack appeared. It was Cloud Fox Skylord who came out from it.
Cloud Fox Skylord smiled at Luo Zheng, her face filled with admiration.
Luo Zheng killing three Empyreans in a row also made the group of Empyreans in the Grand Evolution Universe stunned. He himself was only a Realm Lord, but facing Empyreans was as easy as slaughtering chickens and dogs. This kind of terrifying ability could make anyone fearful. Many Empyreans were even glad that Luo Zheng belonged to their camp!
But at the current stage, Luo Zheng still had a huge weakness. His greater teleportation was too slow.
Compared to Skylords who could instantly cross several Great Worlds, Luo Zheng needed a lot of time just to cross one Great World. Although the teleportation token could allow Luo Zheng to quickly arrive at any Great World, it couldn't accurately send him to his destination. Therefore, when Luo Zheng used the roar token, he had to constantly travel.
"I'll send you there," Cloud Fox Skylord said to Luo Zheng. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he was fully qualified to participate in this level of war. After sealing the Sacred Race's space, Luo Zheng would even be a sharp weapon to kill Skylords!
Luo Zheng held the Great Chiliocosm Sword in his hand and nodded. Then, Celestial Exalt Cloudfox connected the Spatial Love Locket to Luo Zheng. Although the Spatial Love Locket couldn't be used to defend against enemies, it could still unleash terrifying effects when used together with some experts.
The moment the Spatial Love Lock connected, Luo Zheng felt himself float up. He began to teleport at an unimaginable speed, escaping into the depths of the Sunflower Water Realm …
…
…
In the Great Extreme Universe, at the edge of the Sacred Sea Realm …
Nearly a hundred saint Empyreans were gathered here, staring at the Great World channel in a daze.
In the Great Extreme Universe, there was only a single saint race. Gathering all the saint Empyreans here was extremely simple, unlike the Great Expansion Universe where there were countless races.
A saint Empyrean reported, "There should be a dark star embedded in the channel at the tail of the star. This dark star is diving down at an extremely high speed and is stuck in the channel. It is impossible to break through with brute force!"
The leading Great Empyrean had an extremely ugly complexion. "Even crossing space is not possible?"
The saint Empyrean shook his head and said, "No, the space on the other side of the dark star has been completely sealed off. It is impossible to connect to that space with greater teleportation."
"I'll try."
The Great Empyrean was also burning with impatience. In the end, they had underestimated the Great Expansion Universe and had been far too careless.
Originally, they had thought that as long as the channel to the Wall of Sighs opened, they would be free to enter. But, they never imagined that at this critical moment, the channel would be blocked off!
If they couldn't respond in time, then the fates of the 50 some Empyreans that were sent into the Great Expansion Universe could be imagined …
Not long after the Great Empyrean entered the channel, a gentle aura erupted from the channel. The Empyreans outside felt this aura and naturally understood that the Great Empyrean had summoned a heaven-seizing treasure. He wanted to borrow the momentum of the Great Extreme Universe to open the channel.
But not long after, the Great Empyrean withdrew from the channel, a dispirited look on his face. It seemed that he had failed.
"I can only ask Lord Mu Han to help …"

Chapter 1681
Rumble rumble rumble …
Just as a Grand Empyrean was about to ask Lord Mu Han to step out, the Heavenly Dao began to shake.
The saint race Empyreans felt this shaking and their complexions stiffened …
The Heavenly Dao in the Great Extreme Space had never shaken so violently before. This degree of shaking indicated that a massive number of Empyreans had fallen.
There was no need to explain what was happening in the neighboring Great Expansion Space. The saint race Empyreans could guess what was happening.
At this time …
The entire Sunflower Water Realm was riddled with holes.
Above a giant Holy Altar, golden halos of light spread out, covering the saint race Empyreans within.
Empyrean Holy Altar sat atop the Holy Altar, desperately stimulating his own Heaven's Will.
The originally gentle and refined Empyrean Holy Altar was now in an extremely distressed state. He had lost an arm and his golden red armor was riddled with holes.
But in comparison, the other saint race Empyreans were in an even more miserable state …
In a short incense stick of time, over half of the 50 saint race Empyreans had fallen. The remaining 20 some saint race Empyreans were still stubbornly resisting the Holy Altar. But, the auras of most of these Empyreans were incomparably weak, as if they were arrows at the end of their flight.
"Shua!"
Four beams of light shot down from the skies.
These were the four swords Xi Youqin controlled: Long Vine, Buddha Emperor, Double Sun, and Heavenfang!
The Demi-Immortal Race had begun laying down the God Slaughtering Sword Array long before Xi Youqin was born. Today, it finally showed its usefulness.
This sword array was called the God Slaughtering Sword Array. It could even kill a True Divinity, so how could these Empyreans resist?
If it were in the past, these Empyreans could still flee if they couldn't win. The sword array formed by the four swords was complex, but with Xi Youqin's current methods, it was impossible to trap these Empyreans.
But after Startail used the Star Sealing Art, it directly nailed these Empyreans to the Sunflower Water Realm. In Xi Youqin's eyes, these Empyreans were nothing more than living targets. Combined with the four divine swords that could destroy anything, the power they displayed left even Xi Youqin feeling horrified.
She alone had killed nine Empyreans!
"Those four swords are coming again!"
"Empyrean Holy Altar! Help! "
"I'll block those four swords …"
In the eyes of these saint Empyreans, these four swords were as terrifying as death gods. Every time they appeared they would take the lives of one or two Empyreans.
When the four swords reached the top of the altar, they were stopped by the golden halo that spread out from the altar.
Xi Youqin sat on the battleship, her eyes indifferent. Her fingers danced in the air, and the giant swords shone with different lights as they began to attack the circle of golden light …
"Dong dong dong dong …"
In a single breath of time, the four great swords had already collided over ten thousand times!
With every collision, the golden halo that spread out from the altar dimmed a little.
Kacha!
With an ear-piercing shattering sound, the golden halo finally shattered!
The moment the light circle shattered, it wasn't just the four swords that rushed into it, there were also two people!
One of them was Luo Zheng, and the other was Celestial Lord Oracle!
Luo Zheng relied on Celestial Lord Cloudfox's Hollow Love Lock to appear behind a saint Empyrean.
This saint Empyrean's reactions were extremely sharp. The moment Luo Zheng appeared, the saint Empyrean brandished a trident towards Luo Zheng.
This saint Empyrean had stimulated his Mandate of Heaven to the limit. The might of this spear could pierce through all things in the world. Even if Luo Zheng's mortal body was tougher, he feared he wouldn't be able to block it. However, Luo Zheng didn't even need to dodge. Instead, he used his body to collide with the trident and slashed out with the Great Thousand Heavy Sword.
"Absolute Karmic Divine Light!"
A misty light gently flickered and severed all karma. After losing the support of the Mandate of Heaven, this Empyrean's trident posed no threat to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng allowed the trident to pierce his body, but it only emitted a crisp sound without piercing through his vest.
After forcefully withstanding this trident strike, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with a ruthless infernal energy. "Yi God's Sword!"
Puff!
Since this Empyrean couldn't use greater teleportation, he couldn't escape. He could only helplessly watch as Luo Zheng's heavy sword ruthlessly cut down at him. Beneath the tyrannical sword intent, his entire mortal body and inner world were turned to dust …
At the same time that Luo Zheng killed this Holy Race Celestial Venerable, the nearby Holy Race Celestial Venerable Oracle passed by another Celestial Venerable. The dagger in her hand only lightly scratched the Celestial Venerable's cheek, leaving a thin line of blood. It was like a provocation, but she didn't take his life.
In his rage, that saint Empyrean brandished his great axe and chased after Empyrean Oracle.
Celestial Lord Shen Yu's graceful figure was like a butterfly shuttling between flowers. There was a hint of a smile on his face as he constantly wandered between the axe-lights.
Soon, the wound on that Empyrean's cheek began to emit a faint purple light. This extremely small wound continued to expand along his cheek, extending all the way to his neck and all parts of his body!
After Empyrean Oracle inherited the Mandate of Heaven, she cultivated an extremely vicious cultivation method. It was one of Luo Xiao's ultimate techniques, the Self-Destruction Method.
Warriors at this level generally weren't afraid of all kinds of poisons. Whether it was their physical body or blood essence, they had all been cultivated to the extreme. Even if a violent poison entered their body, they could easily force it out or even directly swallow it.
The Self-Destruction Method was another form of poison. However, it wasn't poison, but an extremely special kind of energy. Any living being that was ambushed by Empyrean Oracle would die without a doubt, even if it was just a small cut.
However, strictly speaking, the opponent wasn't killed by Empyrean Oracle. This special kind of energy would directly guide all the energy in the opponent's body to destroy themselves. Whether it was the blood essence or the true essence in the dantian, they would all begin to madly destroy their physical body until they died.
This was considered suicide, so it was called the Self-Destruction Method. It was also because of this terrifying Mandate of Heaven that Empyrean Oracle was able to become an upper level Empyrean!
Luo Zheng and Celestial Lord Oracle killed the two Celestial Lords cleanly. They exchanged glances as they crossed each other's path.
Luo Zheng was still immersed in the Emotion Severing Divine Path. His emotionless gaze only lightly glanced at Empyrean Oracle. Empyrean Oracle's pair of beautiful eyes cast a smile at Luo Zheng. There was a look of appreciation in her eyes. Then, the two of them stepped into a spatial rift and escaped at the same time.
Empyrean Oracle used the Art of Great Teleportation, and Luo Zheng was directly pulled back by Empyrean Master Yun Hu.
In addition to the two of them, Empyrean Master of Original Sin, Empyrean Master of Thunder Punishment, and the others each took the lives of two Mandates of Heaven …
At the same time, on top of the Sacred Altar, Empyrean Sacred Altar suddenly clapped his hands. Half of the vital essence in his inner world poured into the Sacred Altar like seawater. The other Empyreans did the same. The inner worlds that they had painstakingly built had completely collapsed, and the living beings within had disintegrated by themselves.
After this group of Empyreans stepped into the Universe of Great Expansion, they couldn't join forces to set up a powerful formation. After all, the true elites were still in the Universe of Great Expansion. They were just pioneers. Because of this, they were at a disadvantage when fighting these Empyreans in the Universe of Great Expansion.
Fortunately, Empyrean Sacred Altar's Mandate of Heaven was extremely strong. Even with the Sacred Altar behind him, he could barely hold on. If it weren't for the Sacred Altar, all of the Empyreans would have been annihilated by now …
Under the joint efforts of several Empyreans, a huge amount of vital essence was poured into the Sacred Altar. Another object crawled out from the Sacred Altar. It was a small golden monkey. The moment the monkey appeared, it roared at the sky, and for a moment, golden light filled the sky!
The golden light was like swords and sabers, extremely sharp. It scattered in all directions at an extremely fast speed …
This golden light had previously killed two Empyreans from the Demi-Immortal Tribe and the Human Dao Alliance, but using the same method again was useless. The Empyreans in the Universe of Great Expansion had already fled in advance, so the golden light could only hit empty air.
After the golden light scattered, it once again condensed into a golden halo that wrapped around the Sacred Altar, giving the sacred race Empyreans a chance to catch their breath.
However, Xi Youqin controlled the four divine swords Long Vine, Buddha Emperor, Double Sun, and Skyfang to appear outside the halo once more …

Chapter 1682
Within the Great Yan Universe, the Empyreans were like a pack of wolves.
Every time the four swords broke through the golden circle of light around the Holy Altar, Luo Zheng and the others would rush into battle.
They would take the lives of several Empyreans at an extremely fast speed. When the little golden monkey appeared, they would quietly retreat …
Like this, Empyrean Holy Altar's resistance became nothing more than a joke.
He could only watch helplessly as his fellow Empyreans perished one after another …
Before long, the number of saint Empyreans guarding the Holy Altar began to decrease. Of the original 20 some Empyreans, only three remained.
"I didn't think that I, Empyrean Holy Altar, would perish here because this war was never fair to begin with. All you relied on was that True Divinity!" Empyrean Holy Altar roared out in despair.
His voice echoed through the Sunflower Water Realm, containing a trace of grief and indignation.
If it weren't for Startail using the Star Sealing Art to lock down the space around them, the 50 saint Empyreans wouldn't have been defeated so miserably. The saint Empyreans were imprisoned within the Sunflower Water Realm and were nothing more than moving targets.
Hearing Empyrean Holy Altar's words, Luo Zheng quietly appeared once more, standing tall in front of the Holy Altar. At the same time, Empyrean Oracle and the Saint Spear Smog also walked out from a space crack. More and more Empyreans gathered here …
"What shameless boasting. Your saint race has invaded our Great Yan Universe, so what fairness is there to speak of?" Empyrean Original Sin fiercely said. Xuanyuan Chenfeng had died at the hands of Maha. This great enmity was engraved in his heart and he hated the saint race to the bone.
"That's right. Those that aren't of my race must be evil by nature. Could it be that you plan on fighting us in the arena?" Empyrean Thunder Punishment taunted.
Wars between different races were often ruthless and cruel. Before the saints invaded, the human race, the demon race, and the demon race had never stopped fighting. The contradictions between different races were originally irreconcilable.
However, these three races were all beings that were born in the Great Yan Universe. Now that they faced an 'outsider' like the saints, they suddenly united together. After all, the saints came from a completely different universe.
In the eyes of the Empyreans, as long as they could protect the Great Yan Universe, there was no taboo in terms of methods.
Empyrean Sacred Altar stared at everyone present, a smile suddenly appearing on his despairing face. "There is indeed no fairness. Even if we die, we will drag you all down with us. How can a mere Great Yan Realm escape the grasp of our Saint Race!?"
Empyrean Exalt Elemental Altar believed that Grand Empyrean would take revenge for him, but he wouldn't be able to see that moment, so he could only mock him.
However, the saint Empyreans' words had no effect at all. More and more Empyreans arrived, all of them indifferently staring at Empyrean Holy Altar.
"Are you done with your nonsense?" Celestial Sovereign Shen Yu asked. The dagger in his hand glowed with a faint purple light.
"Hmph, you don't have to do anything!" Empyrean Sacred Altar waved his hand. His dantian suddenly caved in and a powerful aura began to condense within. The other two saint Empyreans were the same …
Boom! Rumble! Rumble!
These three Empyreans stimulated the last trace of true essence in their dantians and blew themselves up.
With the strength of an Empyrean, the power of their self-detonation should have been terrifying. But, the three of them were already at the end of their rope. Their self-detonation didn't pose any threat to anyone present …
As Empyrean Sacred Altar self-detonated, the Sacred Altar also slowly vanished. Even the little golden monkey lying on top of the Sacred Altar creaked and viciously glared at everyone. Then, it unwillingly dissipated before everyone's eyes.
Even if an Empyrean died, the Mandate of Heaven wouldn't disappear. The Mandate of Heaven would return to the Great Yan Universe's Heavenly Dao …
This was the first battle between the Great Yan Universe and the Great Yan Universe. After several years of patiently waiting, this sudden attack was able to kill a third of the Saint Race's Empyreans. The entire process could be said to be extremely smooth. Only two Empyreans had died, and the old Patriarch didn't even need to do anything.
Everyone's hearts were heavy. After all, the true opponent was still in the Great Yan Universe.
Once the Saint Race opened the channel to the Wall of Sighs, the Great Yan Universe would have to face the crazy retaliation of the Saint Race. This was an invisible pressure.
This war between Empyreans had already caused the entire Sunflower World to be torn apart. Even if an Empyrean were to help, it would still be impossible to repair it. However, the universe originally had the ability to regenerate itself. Over the endless years, the wounds of this great world would slowly heal. But in the end, it was impossible for it to become a complete great world. It could only be like the Orange Sea World, a broken great world.
But this was already the best result. When four or five Empyreans fought, the Orange Sea World had been torn apart. Now, over a hundred Empyreans were fighting. If it weren't for Startail imprisoning the Saint Race Empyreans, then it wouldn't have just been the Sunflower World that would have been destroyed, but hundreds or even thousands of great worlds.
Currently, there were still many saint martial artists in the Great Yan Universe.
But without the support of the Empyreans, these saint martial artists wouldn't be able to live for long in the Great Yan Universe. The various natural disasters that came from the universe were more than enough to clean up these saint martial artists. It would only take a certain amount of time.
Right now, what they needed to consider was how to deal with the counterattack of the saints.
At this time, Startail appeared in front of everyone once more, a bitter smile on his face. "The saints … have already begun to break through the boundary."
… …
… …
Breaking through the Wall of Sighs was extremely difficult.
The saints had begun their operation several hundred years ago. If it weren't for Mu Haiji's assistance, it would have taken several hundred more years.
But, Startail had only used a dark star and the Star Sealing Art to temporarily seal the Wall of Sighs. As a True Divinity, Startail's methods were fierce, but this wasn't an insurmountable obstacle!
At this time, in front of the Wall of Sighs …
The saint Great Empyreans and many saint Empyreans were still standing there, their faces filled with grief and sorrow …
The Heavenly Dao had been shaking for a long time. According to their speculations, all the saint Empyreans that went to the Great Yan Universe should have perished without a single survivor!
The saint Empyreans were divided into many factions and there were also disputes between them. But, as fellow Empyreans, they had extremely close personal relationships with each other. In the blink of an eye, so many Empyreans had died in another universe, so they naturally felt sad.
In front of these Empyreans was a black-clothed youth floating in the air. This youth exuded a faintly discernible aura. It was very gentle, but it left a deep impression on others. This aura was' potential '. This black-clothed youth was one of Mu Haiji's disciples, True Divinity Mu Han.
All of Mu Han's inheritances came from Mu Haiji. Thus, his' potential 'was very similar to the' potential 'emitted by the Great Empyreans that collected the heavens. But, if one were to carefully distinguish them, there would be many differences.
"Hoh, it's just a seal placed with the help of the power of the stars. What an insignificant skill!" Looking at the blocked passage, Mu Han chuckled.
"Lord Mu Han, can you hurry up? Our saint race …" The saint race's Empyrean Silver Wing anxiously said. This Empyrean's son and daughter had joined the expeditionary army and it was unknown if they were still alive.
"What are you rushing me for?" Mu Han indifferently glanced at the Empyrean.
"Silver Wing, don't be rude to Lord Mu Han!" The Great Empyrean reprimanded.
"But …" Exalted Celestial Master Silver Wing looked resentful.
Their saint race was working for Mu Haiji. Mu Haiji was the ruler of the entire universe. The saint race didn't have the qualifications to refuse any of Mu Haiji's requests. But, this didn't mean that the saint race didn't have any other thoughts.
Even if they helped Mu Haiji destroy the entire Great Yan Universe, what benefit would it bring to the saint race?
These Empyreans were working for Mu Haiji, but Mu Han was Mu Haiji's disciple. He acted so leisurely, as if he didn't care at all. It was inevitable that the Empyreans present would have other thoughts …
However, Mu Han didn't care at all. In the eyes of the beings of the Realm of the Gods, these secondary life forms in the universe weren't true life forms at all. They were just 'things' formed from true essence. He didn't care how many died!
With a light leap, Mu Han jumped into the passage of the Wall of Sighs.
Then, a pale yellow beam of light shot out from the passage. This beam of light reflected off the passage and shot into the sky …
The numerous Empyreans heard Mu Han shout, "Break!"
Bang!
There was a dull sound as air was constantly sucked in. The passage that spanned across the two great universes opened once more.
(Recommended: Dominating Heavens Martial God. Pen name: Full Grass. You can directly search for it in Books City ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1683
The mass of the dark star itself was astonishingly great.
The tail of the star pushed the dark star down from the depths of space at an extremely high speed. Then, with a terrifying momentum, it smashed into the channel!
Before this, Great Empyreans had borrowed the 'potential' of the Great Extreme Space to move the dark star away, but they had failed.
They never imagined that Mu Han would forcefully break it apart …
Bang!
Within the Great Extreme Space, the dark star was blasted into a channel. It drew a parabola through the air before smashing into the great world.
How could this great world withstand the mass of a dark star?
The dark star smashed into the mud as if it had fallen into water. It sank downwards and soon vanished without a trace.
Mu Han walked out of the tunnel and took a deep breath. When he sensed the sealing power of the Great World, he frowned.
The Empyreans that followed Mu Han also felt a strong binding force.
Some Empyreans tried to condense their Space Laws, but just as they did, the power of the Laws collapsed and vanished without a trace …
"This feeling makes me very unhappy." Mu Han lightly said.
Undoing the seal of a great world was a rather troublesome matter, but Mu Han didn't even think about undoing the seal.
He stretched out a foot and gently stepped on the ground. A gentle aura spread out from the tip of his foot.
Rumble rumble rumble rumble …
Faint waves spread out from Mu Han's foot and rapidly spread across the entire great world. Then, the great world began to shake along with this frequency …
In this great world, there were still many Sacred Race cultivators and many mortals who managed to survive.
At this moment, they could see tiny cracks appearing beneath their feet. This wasn't like an ordinary earthquake. Ordinary earthquakes would cause the earth to shake and the mountains to tremble violently. But at this moment, the shaking was very gentle, but the frequency of the shaking was extremely high …
This shaking only lasted for around ten breaths of time before a piercing sound echoed throughout the great world.
Ka ka ka ka …
This huge great world instantly disintegrated into trillions of watermelon-sized chunks of earth that scattered downwards.
All of the mortals also fell down with these chunks of earth. Only a small number of martial artists who could fly were able to escape this calamity. But for these martial artists with lower cultivations, it was simply impossible for them to cross over a great world. Once they exhausted all of their true essence in the air, they would fall to the ground and shatter into pieces!
The Star Sealing Art had been used on this great world. Once this great world was destroyed, the Star Sealing Art would naturally collapse as well …
When the saint Grand Empyreans led their clansmen to see this, their eyes revealed looks of horror.
With the methods of an Empyrean, they could also destroy a great world, but it was difficult for them to destroy a great world to such a degree. What was even more terrifying was that Mu Han had only gently stepped on this great world. this great world world.....
"Is this the power of a True God?"
"Empyrean Empyrean.................
"Although a Grand Empyrean has a heaven-suppressing treasure, in the end they are only borrowing it. That 'force' doesn't belong to the Grand Empyrean himself …"
The saint Empyreans discussed amongst themselves. Even the Empyreans that were accustomed to grand spectacles were incomparably shocked.
Mu Han looked up towards the depths of the great world and then casually said, "Everyone, follow me …"
After he finished speaking, he hurtled forwards. As he flew forwards, he didn't cause any energy fluctuations. In just a few dozen feet, he turned into a blazing white silhouette that vanished in front of the saint Empyreans.
"Follow him!"
A Grand Empyrean waved his hand and led the saint Empyreans into the depths of the great world using greater teleportation!
In the shattered Sunflower Water Realm …
Startail sensed that the saints were breaking through his Star Sealing Art and had already informed Luo Zheng and the others ahead of time.
But in just half an incense stick of time, Startail informed everyone once more, "They have already broken through the seal …"
"How could they be so fast!?"
"That is the seal that Lord Startail laid down!"
"Did the other side's True Divinity take action?"
Everyone originally thought that with Lord Startail's attainments, the seal would last at least several months. Even if it didn't last that long, several days should be enough. No one thought that it would last for only an incense stick of time!
After killing over 50 saint Empyreans in the Sunflower Water Realm, the powerhouses of the Great Expansion Universe didn't even have time to rest before they had to face an even more brutal battle. Moreover, it could be said that the saints had turned out in full force and there were even True Divinity powerhouses amongst them.
Everyone in the Sunflower Water Realm understood that this would be a tough battle.
"Since we have taken action this time, there is no longer any path of retreat." The Old Patriarch's calm voice sounded out.
"That's right, we have no path of retreat. We can only go forwards and fight with them." Empyrean Thunder Punishment nodded.
"Words are useless. We will welcome them here …" Empyrean Oracle's eyes were filled with determination. After cultivating to the level of an Empyrean, she had already seen through life and death. She knew that only at the moment of her death would she be able to give meaning to her death!
"Lay down the array!" Empyrean Original Sin immediately took action. He joined forces with the patriarchs of the four great families and laid down the "Star Annihilation" array …
Empyrean Cloud Fox gathered Luo Zheng and Xun to her side. She was about to use the Spatial Love Lock to link the two of them together. Luo Zheng and Xun were strong, but they were only Realm Lords in the end. When fighting against an Empyrean, there was a natural shortcoming. Only by cooperating with Empyrean Cloud Fox's destiny could they display their strongest combat strength.
But at this time …
Whoosh whoosh …
On the majestic battleship, Xi Youqin was still sitting upright. She had been controlling the God Slaughtering Sword Array at the edge of the Sunflower Water Realm. Although the battleship's speed wasn't slow, it was still much slower than an Empyrean. It was only now that she rushed over.
"Luo Zheng!"
Ever since she stepped into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, she had been searching for Luo Zheng. In the end, she found nothing. Then, she was taken away by a mysterious person and received the complete inheritance of the God Slaughtering Sword Array …
There were many warriors who died in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Xi Youqin's journey was quite smooth, but she was still unhappy. According to her own thoughts, she naturally wanted to cultivate with Luo Zheng in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. However, she hadn't seen Luo Zheng even once until she returned to the universe. Now that she saw Luo Zheng again, she naturally hoped that she could get closer to him.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
After Xi Youqin called out, she jumped down from the battleship high in the sky. She was wearing a purple robe, and the smoky muslin ribbon on her back was dragged. After drawing a trajectory in the air, she accurately jumped into Luo Zheng's arms.
On the side, Xun had just established a link with Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox's Hollow Love Lock. When she saw this scene, a dark red light suddenly flashed in the depths of Xun's eyes, and the killing intent contained in the power of faith was released.
Xi Youqin leaned half of her head on Luo Zheng's chest and whispered about her experience after going to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, as well as her longing for Luo Zheng. However, her eyes passed over Luo Zheng's shoulder and fell on Xun.
Perhaps sensing the baleful aura in Xun's eyes, Xi Youqin's eyes curved into crescent moons as a surprised expression emerged from her mouth. "Big sister Xun, you've finally found your body?"
Women were generally very sensitive when it came to emotions. From the time Luo Zheng met Xi Youqin until now, Xun had always existed in the form of a soul, so Xi Youqin naturally did not view her as an opponent. However, now that Xun had a complete physical body, it was naturally different from before.
Hearing Xi Youqin's surprised and mocking tone, Luo Zheng could not help but feel a headache. What time was it? Xi Youqin's mind was still filled with these things.
Just as he was about to speak, Xun coldly snorted and turned around. She was too lazy to pay attention to Xi Youqin.
Xun was a person of few words, and unlike Ning Yudie's temperament, she naturally did not like Xi Youqin, but she would definitely not quarrel with Xi Youqin for Luo Zheng …
"Alright, let's go back quickly. True God experts can appear in the universe in an instant. We need you to preside over the sword array and end this war. Then, we will have time to spend together." Luo Zheng gently patted Xi Youqin's back. After a while of persuasion, Xi Youqin reluctantly let go of Luo Zheng. She suddenly remembered a certain agreement in her mind, and she smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. Then, she turned around and flew towards the battleship.
However, the moment she slowly ascended, a blazing white human silhouette suddenly appeared in mid-air!
After the Law of Space on this human silhouette dissipated, a black-clothed young man appeared. This was Mu Han, who had arrived first. He glanced indifferently at Xi Youqin, who was close at hand. Xi Youqin also blinked. She thought this black-clothed young man was a Celestial Master of the Human Clan.
"Hey …"

Chapter 1684
Facing the sudden appearance of Mu Han, Luo Zheng, Xun, and many other Celestial Venerables were stunned.
After Mu Han broke Xi Youqin's neck, he looked down at the cultivators below. The corners of his mouth curled up, revealing a cold smile. He lifted Xi Youqin's slumped neck and carefully examined it for a while. "Not bad. It's a pity to kill you like this …"
After saying that, he casually threw Xi Youqin's body down.
Looking at Xi Youqin's soft body that was like a piece of paper, Luo Zheng's heart thumped wildly, as if it was being pricked by needles.
When they were in the Central Domain, she didn't hesitate to follow him all the way to the Cloud Hall.
After ascending, she also cultivated a powerful sword array and searched for him in the huge Illusory Battlefield.
She was still the same when she went to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
After returning, Xi Youqin was quickly brought back to the Demi-Immortal Clan. She wanted to find Luo Zheng, but she was too busy practicing the God Slaying Sword Array. In the end, she couldn't get away.
In her heart, everything in the world didn't seem to exist. Even herself didn't exist. Her love for Luo Zheng was almost distorted …
This woman had been desperately chasing after him. However, compared to Xun and Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng's feelings for her were the most indifferent. Many times, he even treated her with respect. Perhaps he was just being responsible for his impulsiveness in anger.
However, at this moment, when he saw Xi Youqin's neck being broken, an intense pain emerged in his heart. This pain was so deep that it almost made his heart burst!
Whoosh!
Before he could vent his anger, Luo Zheng flew straight to Xi Youqin's floating body and hugged Xi Youqin in his arms.
It was only her neck that had been crushed, but Luo Zheng felt that Xi Youqin's life force had been completely extinguished. Hugging her soft body, a trace of sourness gathered in his nose, and Luo Zheng's figure in the air looked somewhat lonely.
Xi Youqin's unexpected death was indeed shocking. The God-Slaying Sword Array was very important to the Demi-Immortal Tribe. After her death, no one could control it …
However, this wasn't the focus of everyone's attention. They were all focused on the black-clothed young man.
This black-clothed youth exuded a gentle aura, as if he didn't have any sharpness, but no one dared to ignore this youth's existence!
That gentle aura was the "influence" of a true god. This person should be that true god in the Universe of Extremities.
This thought flashed through the minds of the Empyreans, and their eyes all revealed looks of fear …
"I didn't think that a bunch of bugs formed from true essence would bring so much trouble to Master. As expected … relying on those bugs in the Great Ultimate Universe is not a reliable thing to do." Mu Han looked down at the Celestial Venerables and smiled faintly.
Mu Han's inner world was quite complete, and there were even Empyreans in his body. It was just that the Empyreans in his inner world were far inferior to those in the universe. However, in Mu Han's eyes, whether it was the living beings in the Universe of Extremities or the living beings in the Universe of Extremities, they were all secondary living beings formed from true essence. They couldn't be called real living beings at all.
"Hu …"
At this moment, Xing Wei stepped forward and stood in front of Mu Han. Faint starlight flashed in his eyes. "We've fought before."
On the Sacred Race's Soaring Sky Mountain, Mu Han had used the secret technique of nine Sacred Race Empyreans to send out a palm strike across the universe. However, he was ultimately forced back by Xing Wei!
"I have a bad memory." Mu Han shook his head and smiled.
"You are not my match." Xing Wei's expression was extremely serious.
Xing Wei was extremely confident in his own strength. Although he was Luo Xiao's last disciple and also the youngest, his talent was also the most outstanding. Naturally, he was deeply favored by Luo Xiao.
His relationship with Luo Xiao was also the deepest. Thus, he was arranged to stay in the Universe of Extremities and help his master overcome this crisis.
However, the flow of time in the Universe of Extremities was far too fast. After hiding here for so many years, his skeletal age had become extremely old. However, True Gods possessed an eternal lifespan, so the word 'old' wasn't suitable for Xing Wei. As long as he wanted, he could restore his youthful appearance with a single thought. However, he wanted to use his current appearance to remind himself of the time he had spent in the Universe of Extremities, so he didn't transform into his youthful appearance.
A True God of the Universe of Extremities had finally appeared, but Xing Wei said that this True God wasn't his match.
These words caused the Empyreans present to rejoice. If Xing Wei could kill this black-clothed youth, then the pressure on these Empyreans would be much less. And if Xing Wei could kill this black-clothed youth and still have the strength to help them, then their Universe of Extremities might be able to obtain a complete victory!
Mu Han's next words caused the hearts of the Empyreans present to plummet to the bottom of the abyss. They heard Mu Han openly admit, "Yes, I alone am not your match, but what about adding my senior-apprentice brother and junior-apprentice brother?"
If Mu Han was a True Divinity, then his senior-apprentice brother and junior-apprentice brother must also be True Divinities!
In other words, the Universe of Extremities had sent three True Divinities here!
Xing Wei's complexion darkened. "This doesn't conform to the rules of the Holy Hall. Mu Hai, you cannot do this!"
The Holy Hall had developed for countless divine epochs and had long since possessed a perfect set of rules. Even Saints couldn't easily surpass these rules.
For instance, a Saint couldn't directly attack another Saint's universe!
It was also because of this rule that Mu Hai couldn't personally step into the Universe of Extremities. Otherwise, with Mu Hai's strength, it would only take a short period of time for him to shatter this universe. Why would he spend so much time and effort to nurture the saints and place the ancient sorcerer race and monster night clan here?
Another rule was that if two universes fought each other, only a single True Divinity could be sent.
Luo Xiao had many disciples, but in the end he had only placed Xing Wei in the universe. This was because of this rule!
Mu Han let out a light breath. "The rules can be changed. Honorable Master spent a great deal of effort to change this rule. You can also ask for help. Isn't Luo Xiao's chief disciple, Yu Taibai, very strong?"
Xing Wei's gaze grew colder and colder. Changing the rules of the Holy Hall was definitely not an easy task. Since Mu Hai was willing to pay such a great price to change it, how could he allow Luo Xiao's disciples to casually step into the Universe of Extremities?
"I'll give you a chance to live. Get out of the Universe of Extremities. If you see me in the divine territory in the future, you'll have to take a detour," Mu Han continued with a smile. Although he admitted that he wasn't Xing Wei's match, he had his Honorable Master as his backing.
Now that Luo Xiao had basically fallen, Luo Xiao's disciples in the divine territory didn't have a good time. Naturally, he wouldn't be afraid of Xing Wei.
Xing Wei sneered. "None of Honorable Master's disciples will back down. Cut the crap."
"That's a pity. I can only reluctantly summon my fellow disciples to bestow death upon you …" Mu Han shook his head and said. With the passage of the Wall of Sighs unobstructed, a True Divinity could easily cross from one universe to another.
However, before Mu Han could finish his sentence, an extremely violent aura exploded from below. Following the explosion of the aura, a golden light shot toward Mu Han ferociously. At the same time, a loud roar exploded in the sky.
"You'll die first!"
Luo Zheng's entire body was shining with a golden light. Numerous Emperor Soul Seals appeared! Under the crazy burning of his soul, his Soul Power was released without reservation!
When the aura spread out, the Old Clan Leader, Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin, Heavenly Sovereign Oracle, and the others were shocked. As Heavenly Sovereigns, they also possessed Golden Fighting Souls. However, at that moment, when facing the Soul Power that was released by Luo Zheng's Soul Power, it created a huge pressure. Moreover, they were only affected by the aura that was released by Luo Zheng. The one who was facing Luo Zheng's Soul Power was the True Divinity!
"Luo Zheng, stop!"
Xing Wei was shocked. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to act so recklessly. It was too late for him to stop him.
Mu Han felt Luo Zheng's aura and was shocked. This brat was only a Sector Lord. How could the power of the burning of his soul make him feel pressured?
One had to know that a True Divinity's Soul Power had reached another level. That level was integrated with the Godhead. The True Divinity in the Soul Power had far surpassed that of a Golden Fighting Soul!
However, Mu Han was only admiring Luo Zheng's aura. As for Luo Zheng's rash charge toward him, his eyes were filled with disdain. He extended his hand and spread his five fingers toward Luo Zheng. "Secondary living beings are reckless. However, their courage is commendable …"
He looked down at Luo Zheng, who was rushing toward him. He wanted to crush Luo Zheng's sword with one hand before crushing him.

Chapter 1685
Luo Zheng's strike was filled with hatred.
Nearly a third of the energy in his inner world poured into his arm!
Although Luo Zheng's body was extremely sturdy, it was still unable to withstand such a powerful force. Whether it was his tendons, veins, or bones, they were all on the verge of collapse. However, he was too angry to care about that.
The other 70% of the power was frozen around the sword by Luo Zheng in the way of "Transcendence". Exerting the power in such a way would consume a considerable amount of energy, which could be considered a drawback of the "Transcendence Magical Power". Therefore, Luo Zheng also understood that if he wanted to exert the power source in his Inner World to the extreme, he could only strengthen his physical body.
However, as a secondary creature, Luo Zheng had already reached a limit in all aspects. He had already touched the ceiling and it was almost impossible for him to improve any further. Unless Luo Zheng condensed a godhead and controlled the "potential" of his inner world, he would have the next leap!
"Yi God's Sword!"
The Great Thousand Heavy Sword was also rumbling. Although the Star Jade Iron was extremely sturdy, Luo Zheng had infused a third of the energy of the nine stars into it. This was an unbearable weight for the sword!
True God Mu Han did not take Luo Zheng seriously. This Luo Zheng looked like an angry leopard. The soul pressure that erupted from Luo Zheng really surprised Mu Han. He never thought that a secondary creature could fight to such an extent.
However, no matter how powerful a secondary creature was, it was still a secondary creature. It was condensed from the vital energy of a saint. Before obtaining a godhead, it was not qualified to fight with Mu Han without the help of the Mandate of Heaven. Therefore, Mu Han casually grabbed it.
Although it was just a casual grab, the speed, strength, and angle were all perfect. In Mu Han's opinion, the Great Thousand Heavy Sword had no chance of escaping once he grabbed it. In his eyes, Luo Zheng was just a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.
However, the moment he grabbed the Great Thousand Heavy Sword, he discovered that Luo Zheng's sword was extraordinarily sturdy!
A major world was equivalent to a thousand major worlds, and the weight of the Chiliocosm Heavy Sword was only one-thousandth of the weight of a major world. Mu Han could crush a major world with a single stomp, so the weight of the Chiliocosm Heavy Sword wasn't small, but it shouldn't have surprised Mu Han so much.
What made his expression change was the power that was transmitted from the Great Thousand Swords.
"This power …"
What came from the Chiliocosm Greatsword was a power that he simply couldn't resist!
This power was comparable to some True Gods who specialized in body refinement!
Mu Han was also completely confused …
"Puchi …"
Originally, Mu Han had already grasped the body of the Da Qian Heavy Sword. However, the power contained in Luo Zheng's heavy sword was not something he could handle. The Da Qian Heavy Sword broke free from Mu Han's fingers and slashed into his palm!
Under the powerful impact, the Great Chiliocosm Sword didn't slow down at all. It followed Mu Han's forearm all the way up and finally cut off his entire arm.
Swish, swish, swish …
Half of the arm spun in the air and fell down …
Mu Han, who was originally in a daze, finally reacted at this moment. A dark and crazy aura flickered on his cold face.
"Hahaha … I was actually injured by a secondary life form at the Sector Lord level. Unbelievable!"
In the Divine Realm, there was no Mandate of Heaven. Thus, once the "life forms of the same level" in the Divine Realm cultivated to the World Lord level, they would begin to break through to the True God Realm. And the difference between a True God and a World Lord was like the difference between heaven and earth. Thus, in the Divine Realm, there was also the saying of "Crossing the Divine Gate". As the saying went, one step forward would make one a god, and one step back would make one a mortal.
In front of a true god, countless sector lords were no different from ants on the ground.
But now, Mu Han's arm was actually chopped off by a sector lord. This was a rather preposterous matter.
If Mu Han knew the truth, perhaps he would feel better. After all, Luo Zheng had obtained nearly a third of Saint Jiu's power source. This power was not something that Mu Han could contend with.
Unfortunately, Mu Han didn't know …
Luo Zheng didn't stop for a moment after his successful attack. Taking advantage of the fact that his energy source wasn't exhausted, he somersaulted in the air and swung the Great Thousand Heavy Sword in an arc, aiming for Mu Han's head.
"You overestimate yourself!"
Earlier, Luo Zheng's sword had succeeded because Mu Han had underestimated his opponent!
Luo Zheng's current strength was not balanced. Moreover, the difference between him and Mu Han was too great.
Mu Han's body swayed in the air as he slammed his palm onto Luo Zheng's chest.
This palm was extremely fast and didn't seem to be very powerful. However, the power contained within it was extremely heavy.
"Pu!"
Even with the protection of the Concentric Garment, Luo Zheng couldn't block this power. Under this palm, five fingerprints were caved in on Luo Zheng's chest. His entire body was like a meteor as he plummeted downwards.
"Not dead?"
Mu Han's eyes flashed coldly. He had used 60% of his strength in this palm. He originally thought that this palm would be able to smash Luo Zheng into pieces. He never expected that it would only leave a palm print on this brat's body!
Someone who dared to chop off one of his arms was definitely unforgivable. Seeing this, Mu Han's figure suddenly flashed. He appeared below Luo Zheng and slammed his palm into the air again.
Ka ka …
This palm's power still penetrated the Concentric Garment and transmitted to Luo Zheng's chest. The palm print on Luo Zheng's chest caved in again and several of his ribs were broken.
"Pu!"
Facing Mu Han's attack, Luo Zheng didn't have the ability to dodge or resist. A mouthful of golden blood spurted out from his mouth. He was like a rubber ball as he was sent flying by Mu Han's palm.
However, before Luo Zheng could stabilize his body, Mu Han appeared beside Luo Zheng again. This time, he grabbed Luo Zheng's neck with one hand and was about to tear Luo Zheng's head off!
The confrontation between Luo Zheng and Mu Han happened in a flash. At this moment, Xing Wei, who was the first to react, quietly appeared beside Mu Han. He tapped his index finger lightly and a red starlight the size of a mosquito flew towards Mu Han.
Mu Han was about to twist off Luo Zheng's head when he saw the red starlight. He frowned as if he was afraid. He grabbed Luo Zheng and rolled away to avoid the red starlight.
However, just as he dodged the red starlight, Xing Wei flicked his index finger again and several more red starlights flew out.
Several starlights flew over, causing Mu Han to be flustered. In the end, he could only let go of Luo Zheng and retreat hundreds of feet away.
Star Tail grabbed Luo Zheng and threw him to the back. He said calmly, "You're a disciple of a Sage and a True God. It's beneath your dignity to bully a Sector Lord!"
Mu Han's expression was very ugly. Not to mention a Realm Lord, even a Heavenly Venerable could be easily killed by him. However, he still couldn't kill that brat even after a series of attacks. He was very unwilling!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
At this moment, countless blood-red spatial cracks appeared behind Mu Han.
Figures flashed out from the cracks. The Sacred Race's Heavenly Venerables had already rushed over …
Although an Empyrean's greater teleportation could instantly cross several great worlds, it was still far shorter than the teleportation of a True God. It took them a great deal of time to rush over from the edge of the Grand Change Universe. A Grand Empyrean stepped out of the spatial crack and was stunned when he saw Mu Han's arm.
"Lord Mu Han, your arm …"
Many Sacred Race Empyreans arrived and their gazes fell on Mu Han. In such a short period of time, Mu Han had lost an arm. To the Sacred Race, this was absolutely not good news!
"Meddlesome!"
After being asked by a Grand Empyrean, Mu Han's expression sank once more. His shoulder trembled and light came out from the broken arm. The light quickly condensed into a new arm, but this arm was far inferior to the previous one.
As he reformed his arm, the Sacred Race's Heavenly Venerables arrived one after another.
In the skies above the shattered great worlds, the Grand Change Universe's Heavenly Venerables confronted the hundreds of Sacred Race's Heavenly Venerables. Both sides knew that a fierce battle was about to unfold and they carefully sized each other up …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1686
Luo Zheng was thrown down by Star Tail. While in mid-air, Xun's figure flew past and caught Luo Zheng in her arms. She then landed steadily on a huge rock.
Looking at the heavily injured Luo Zheng, a trace of heartache flashed across Xun's face.
Naturally, she blamed Xi Youqin in her heart. This woman had brought all kinds of trouble to Luo Zheng since the beginning. Even if she died, she still wanted to cause trouble for Luo Zheng.
However, she also knew that Luo Zheng was sincere. If she had her neck broken like Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng would have been even more agitated. However, she still felt that Luo Zheng was too impulsive!
"How could he be so foolish …" She said softly. Looking at Luo Zheng's sunken chest, her eyes were filled with heartache.
Although Mu Han had only hit Luo Zheng twice, these two seemingly unremarkable palms had caused quite a lot of damage to him.
After returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, this was the first time Luo Zheng had been injured!
The energy contained in Mu Han's two palms was still flowing continuously in Luo Zheng's chest, trying to corrode Luo Zheng's bones and organs.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's physique was special. Although this energy was very powerful, when it was flowing chaotically in Luo Zheng's body, it would attract a large amount of Primordial Dipper, which was the warm current.
These warm currents were like little loaches that surrounded that energy.
That energy was indeed extremely tyrannical. Once any warm current got close to that energy, it would be instantly neutralized.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body had accumulated quite a lot of warm currents. Moreover, every time that energy tried to destroy Luo Zheng's body, new warm currents would continuously flow out, constantly neutralizing and generating. It took a lot of effort to neutralize this energy.
Luo Zheng spat out another mouthful of golden blood. He was panting heavily. After recovering his strength, he struggled to get up from Xun's embrace. However, Xun stopped Luo Zheng. "Don't be rash! You're not his match! "
With Luo Zheng's strength, killing ordinary Heavenly Venerables would not be a problem. Moreover, with his body, many Heavenly Venerables would not be able to do anything to Luo Zheng.
However, at this stage, Luo Zheng was too naive to challenge a True God …
Looking at Luo Zheng's eyes, Xun also knew that persuasion was useless. She grabbed Luo Zheng's hands. "In a while, when they start fighting, we'll find an opportunity!"
Luo Zheng noticed Xun's sincere gaze, and his heart was slightly touched. was right.
What Xun said was right. If he rushed up now, he would only be throwing his life away. Star Tail could save him once, but it was impossible for him to save him every time. His impulsiveness might cause Star Tail and even the Celestial Venerables of the Great Expansion Realm to fall into a passive state.
Moreover, Xi Youqin's death was not irreversible. As long as the Heavenly Lord of Resurrection did not die, she could still be brought back to life with the Will of Rebirth.
After pondering for a moment, he nodded towards Xun. However, before he could open his mouth to speak, an explosive sound was transmitted into his ears. An extremely powerful shockwave erupted in the sky. Both parties had actually begun to fight!
Originally, after a Great Empyrean led the saint Empyreans here, he commanded them to lay down various array formations.
Xingwei was also a meticulous person. He knew that Mu Han had strong reinforcements and knew that the Great Evolution Realm was at a disadvantage, so how could he allow the Sacred Race to smoothly set up their array formation? Therefore, he made the first move!
The old patriarch and the others also understood tacitly. The Celestial Venerables in the sky all used their methods …
This time, without the Star Sealing Art sealing the space around the saint Empyreans, the two sides instantly opened up some distance between each other!
"Pipa, pipa …"
The Laws of Space cracked open in the sky.
Some Celestial Venerables fled into the deep space, while others teleported to other great realms …
Heaven's Wills were stimulated one after another. All sorts of bizarre abilities combined with the strength of an Empyrean began to battle!
"Rumble …"
The Heavenly Dao in the two great universes constantly shook …
In less than ten breaths of time since the battle began, eight Empyreans that didn't have time to use greater teleportation had been killed.
However, five of them were saint Empyreans, while the other three belonged to the demon race and human race. After all, the Great Evolution Realm's Empyreans had already laid down their array formation in advance. After Xingwei took the lead to entangle Mu Han, the saint race was caught off guard!
This was a complete and utter chaotic battle, and a chaotic battle between Empyreans. In the eyes of mortals, this was a chaotic battle between gods!
Luo Zheng's gaze passed through the chaotic battlefield, staring at Mu Han the entire time. The Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand gently hummed.
There were five faint fingerprints on the blade of the Great Thousand Heavy Sword, created by Mu Han's hand. Although Luo Zheng had an approximate understanding of the strength of a True God, Mu Han's strength still far surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination.
At this moment, oval-shaped celestial bodies revolved around Xingwei. These celestial bodies extended long cones of light like spears, crazily revolving with Xingwei as the center.
Five round eyeballs had appeared beside Mu Han. Every eyeball was the size of a fist, and the color of each eyeball was different. However, they corresponded to each other as Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth. Mu Han cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao, and the five eyeballs beside him were refined from the eyeballs of the Divine Bird, the Rainbow Peacock!
Every time those eyeballs met, a multicolored divine light would shoot towards Xingwei, but Xingwei would always be able to dodge in time.
However, as Xingwei had said, although Mu Han was very strong, he wasn't Xingwei's match. As the two True Gods fought, Xingwei suppressed Mu Han in almost every aspect.
Roar roar roar …
Dragon roars echoed throughout the battlefield. These were the nine True Dragons with Heaven Divination Bodies joining forces to resist the array formation formed by the eight saint Empyreans. The eight saint Empyreans were originally able to easily resist, but at this time, an even louder dragon roar echoed through the battlefield. The Ancestor Dragon also joined the battle, immediately changing the situation …
Buddhist light shined from the horizon. That unreachable pagoda appeared in front of everyone once more …
Gods No Thought's Star Annihilation also began. Meteors turned into beams of light that hurtled through the skies …
Empyrean Divine Arrow, Empyrean Oracle, Empyrean Demondawn, and Empyrean Deepfeather all used their own methods.
The Old Patriarch and the saint Grand Empyreans engaged in a fierce battle. The Great Expansion Lotus Flower and the giant tree appeared at the same time, borrowing the potential of the two great universes to constantly collide with each other …
Rumble rumble rumble rumble …
In this chaotic battle, the Empyreans spread further and further apart from each other, affecting more and more great worlds.
All the Empyreans displayed their greatest strength. Beneath the onslaught of this terrifying strength, great worlds began to collapse and break apart …
The mortals that lived in these great worlds didn't have the strength to resist. They could only pray that this battle of gods wouldn't affect them. Unfortunately, this prayer was useless. When a great world shattered, 99% of all life would perish. Holy Lands would perish and Divine Kingdoms would break apart. Only an extremely small number of martial artists would be able to survive.
In less than two hours, over 300 great worlds had shattered. As for the number of lives that died because of the shockwaves of the battle between Empyreans, it was an astronomical number that couldn't be calculated!
With the help of Empyrean Cloudfox, Xun crossed a considerable distance to attack several times. Once, she even managed to kill a besieged saint Empyrean!
But Luo Zheng remained where he was. His eyes were still locked onto Mu Han, not leaving him for even a moment.
At the start, Startail indeed held the upper hand and Mu Han was struggling to deal with him. But as they continued to fight, Mu Han seemed to stimulate some sort of arcane skill. The more he fought, the more courageous he became and he began to suppress Startail!
Woosh woosh woosh woosh …
The five eyeballs around Mu Han danced in the air like a swarm of bees. Finally, they surrounded Startail in the center.
Mu Han knew that he was slightly weaker than Startail, but unless he had no other choice, he didn't want to summon his fellow apprentices. It would be best if he could defeat this old fellow by himself. After all, Honorable Master was still watching him from behind. For Mu Han, this war was only a chance for his master to temper himself!
"Five Extreme Unity Seal!"
Shua shua shua …
"This is bad!"
As Startail saw the five eyeballs join together and form a five element seal, his complexion darkened. He twisted his hands together, forming a mystical seal as he tried to break free from this five element seal …
"This Five Extreme Unity Seal is one of my master's ultimate skills. How can an inferior True Divinity like you possibly break free from it!?" Mu Han coldly sneered, as if victory was already in his grasp. An even more formidable strength gathered in his body as he wanted to kill Startail where he stood!
In Mu Han's eyes, once he killed Startail, this war would end …
As for the group of Celestial Venerables fighting below, they were just unimportant fellows wasting their lives!
"Now is the time! Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox, send me over! "
Luo Zheng, who had been watching Mu Han from a corner, also understood that his only chance had come.
Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox and Luo Zheng had established a connection through the Spatial Love Lock. However, Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox hesitated when he heard this. Should he send Luo Zheng over?
"Hurry!"
Luo Zheng urged, and his voice carried an indisputable dignified tone!
The dignified Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox's heart skipped a beat. He didn't want Luo Zheng to participate in a battle between True Divinities. However, when he thought of the miracles Luo Zheng had created in the past, perhaps he should trust Luo Zheng again …
Following Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox's thought, Luo Zheng mysteriously disappeared from where he stood.
At the same time, five five-colored short swords condensed in front of Mu Han. As long as he waved his hand, these five-colored short swords would pierce into the Five Extreme Unity Seal. This Five Extreme Unity Seal could seal a True Divinity's Godhead. Celestial Venerable Startail, who had fallen into it, would probably have no power to resist!
At that moment, a spatial fluctuation came from behind Mu Han. At the same time, Luo Zheng's voice could be heard. "I make a great wish. I wish that the hundred thousand great worlds will be eternal. With my life, I will exterminate the foreign races and kill everyone in the world!"
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng had chosen to cultivate the Great Wish Art!

Chapter 1687
Once the Great Wish Technique was used, it could greatly increase the power of the person who made the wish.
However, the wish had to be fulfilled. Before the wish was fulfilled, the cultivation of the person who made the wish wouldn't improve.
Generally speaking, people who weren't mortal enemies wouldn't make the Great Wish Technique. After Luo Zheng made the Great Wish Technique, he had to kill Mu Han!
Luo Zheng had cut off one of Mu Han's arms as soon as he arrived. This had already infuriated him. He didn't have the time to find trouble with this brat.
Now, he was going all out to deal with Xingwei. At the critical moment, this brat actually attacked again …
What made Mu Han even more speechless was that this brat actually knew how to use the Great Wish Technique!
He knew that Luo Zheng was a Dao Child. The Great Wish Technique was practically a compulsory Divine Dao in the Divine Realm. However, the Dao Children of the universe rarely had the chance to use it. This brat was really strange and powerful!
Mu Han really couldn't describe his current feelings …
"You brat again … scram!"
Mu Han slapped Luo Zheng with the back of his hand. He really didn't have the time to bother with Luo Zheng.
However, after Luo Zheng made the Great Wish Technique, he entered a wonderful state.
It was as if the entire world was leaving him. In his eyes, there was only Mu Han. At the same time, an invisible force attached itself to Luo Zheng's body. This force seemed to be some kind of contract in the unseen world.
After cultivating the Great Wish Technique, Luo Zheng had experienced the wonders of this Divine Dao.
At that time, he had used the Great Wish Technique on an ordinary mutated beast. After using it, he felt a wonderful change happen to him. Whether it was his physical body, strength, or even spiritual power, they all had a great increase.
This power didn't come from somewhere else. It was given to him by himself!
When he believed that he had this power, he really did have it … In the end, this was a kind of idealistic power!
However, this power could only be used on that mutated beast. If Luo Zheng gave up on killing that mutated beast and changed targets, he would instantly return to the real world and lose this idealistic power … When Luo Zheng killed that mutated beast and fulfilled the wish, this wonderful feeling also disappeared. The entire world returned to normal!
Now, Luo Zheng was in the same situation when he used the Great Wish Technique on Mu Han.
In his eyes, the entire world no longer existed. There was only Mu Han left.
"Hu …"
Luo Zheng's reaction speed also increased by several times...
Originally, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge Mu Han's backhanded slap, but now, with a slight twist of his body, he easily dodged it.
"Yi Shen Sword!"
All the distracting thoughts in Luo Zheng's mind dissipated. The Yi God's Sword was even purer and sharper!
Xing Wei had taken Luo Zheng's sword before and paid the price of an arm. He knew that this Sector Lord's cultivation wasn't worth mentioning. However, he really couldn't take this sword head on … if he wasn't careful, he might even be killed by Luo Zheng!
Helpless, he could only grit his teeth and hatefully pull out a five colored small sword to fight against Luo Zheng!
His five colored small sword was originally going to be used to kill Xing Wei. The five colored godly light sword formed by the five colored small swords was incomparably powerful. It should be more than enough to kill Xing Wei. However, it needed the five colored small swords to complement each other.
Now that he pulled out a five colored small sword, he naturally couldn't use the five colored godly light sword!
"Ding ding ding ding …"
The five colored small sword looked light, but when it clashed with Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword, it wasn't inferior at all.
The small sword was like a nimble flying snake, constantly looking for an opening to close in and kill Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng's reaction speed and reaction speed had greatly increased. He also activated the extreme sword intent within the Da Qian Heavy Sword and protected himself completely. The Da Qian Heavy Sword was very powerful. Every time it clashed with the five colored small sword, it would smash the small sword far away.
One breath …
Two breaths …
Three breaths …
Mu Han originally planned to end Luo Zheng's life in one breath's time and then kill Xing Wei with all his strength.
However, Luo Zheng once again displayed strength that far exceeded Mu Han's estimation …
After ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng was still vigorously waving the Da Qian Heavy Sword in his hand. It seemed like he was looking for an opening to attack Mu Han and wanted to turn the tables!
Because of Luo Zheng's torment, Xing Wei had won precious time.
At first, Xing Wei had indeed underestimated Mu Han. Although both of them were Lower True Gods, Xing Wei's cultivation was indeed slightly stronger than Mu Han's. When they fought, Xing Wei was completely suppressed.
However, after Mu Han suddenly used the Five Ultimate Qi Seal, the situation changed immediately.
The Five Ultimate Qi Seal was one of the most mysterious profound meanings of the Five Elements Divine Path. Although there were many True Gods who cultivated the Five Elements Divine Path, it was very rare for a True God to be able to use the Five Ultimate Qi Seal. This was because it was related to one's constitution.
After being trapped by the Five Ultimate Qi Seal, Xing Wei was anxious and hesitant. He wanted to break free.
However, he also understood that the outcome of a battle between True Gods was usually decided in one ten-thousandth of a breath's time. If he could break free from the Five Ultimate Qi Seal, it would be enough time for Mu Han to kill him ten times over!
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng unexpectedly interfered. He actually had a great ambition and even held Mu Han back …
Xing Wei was surprised and gratified. He seized the time to break the seal!
To mortals, ten breaths of time was only enough for them to drink a cup of water. However, to Xing Wei, it was enough to save his life!
With a flick of his hands, five rays of starlight were flicked out.
He wasn't proficient in the Five Elements Divine Path, but he had cultivated the Great Sealing Technique. The Five Ultimate Qi Seal was a seal that used the "five elements engender each other." If he wanted to break the Five Ultimate Qi Seal, he had to use the "five elements counter each other!"
The five rays of starlight flicked out from his hands were of different colors. They were the five stars of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth!
Mu Han's five eyeballs engendered each other, while Xing Wei's five stars countered each other. The five eyeballs revolved in the right direction, while the five stars revolved in the opposite direction …
"Ka ka ka ka …"
As the five stars revolved and spread, they finally collided with the five eyeballs.
Metal engendered water, fire countered metal. That star collided with the golden eye!
Water countered wood, earth countered water. That star collided with the water eye …
Wood engendered fire, metal countered wood. That star collided with the wood eye …
…
…
Xing Wei was able to unravel the Five Extreme Qi Seal in an unusually smooth manner. It only took him nine breaths of time to unravel the Five Extreme Qi Seal. At this time, Mu Han was still controlling the small five-colored sword to fight with Luo Zheng!
When Mu Han sensed the abnormality on this side and saw that Xing Wei had successfully undone the seal, his lungs exploded with anger!
At this moment, he was too lazy to pay attention to Xing Wei. Instead, he shouted, "Mu Jiu! Mu Tian! Come out and deal with this old man. I'm going to tear this kid into pieces! " After saying that, he reached out and patted his chest. With a crisp sound, he broke a jade disk used for summoning!
Mu Han's patience with Luo Zheng had finally reached its limit. Originally, he planned to kill Xing Wei alone and didn't want to share the credit with his fellow apprentices. Now, he was flustered and exasperated. He only had one thought, and that was to tear Luo Zheng into pieces!
"Huff huff huff huff …"
The other four five-colored swords circled around and shot toward Luo Zheng.
Just now, Mu Han had only used one five-colored sword to fight Luo Zheng to a draw. Now that the other four five-colored swords were circling around, Luo Zheng immediately felt great pressure. After all, the Five Colored Divine Swords formed by the five-colored swords could be used to kill a True God!
In just one round, Luo Zheng was surrounded by danger. The Five Colored Divine Swords had cut the Boundless Thousand Heavy Sword, and there were seven to eight bloody wounds on Luo Zheng's body. If his body wasn't so tough, he would have been cut into pieces.
Star Tail had just struggled out of the Five Extreme Qi Seal. So, how could he just watch as Luo Zheng was killed?
However, just as he was about to help Luo Zheng, two blazing white silhouettes appeared in front of him … The white spatial power dissipated, and two people appeared. Both of them had casual smiles on their faces. One of them stared at Xing Wei, while the other sneered at Mu Han. "Hey, Junior Apprentice Brother, didn't you say that you could handle it alone? Why do you still have to call me big brother? "

Chapter 1688
"Mu Jiu, stop spouting nonsense! Hurry up and deal with that old man! "
As Mu Han spoke, he controlled the five five-colored small swords to attack Luo Zheng!
Even Luo Zheng, who had executed Great Ambition, could only defend against three five-colored small swords at most. Every time the five-colored small swords attacked together, there would always be two small swords that could break through Luo Zheng's defense and leave a bloody wound on his body.
Now that Mu Han had no other choice, he finally summoned his senior and junior brothers. As though to vent his anger, he relaxed his attacks on Luo Zheng and didn't take Luo Zheng's life. The five-colored small swords avoided Luo Zheng's vital points several times and left a wound on Luo Zheng's body every time!
Even though Luo Zheng had the concentric robe protecting his body, the five-colored small swords could easily penetrate it. As Luo Zheng defended, there were dozens of wounds on his body. Golden blood flowed out from the wounds and his entire body looked golden …
Mu Jiu was taught a lesson by Mu Han, but he didn't restrain himself at all. Instead, he laughed and said, "Senior brother, didn't you take a fancy to that kid? When did you become interested in a mere little Realm Lord?"
When the two of them were summoned by Mu Han, they crossed tens of thousands of large worlds and directly escaped from the Great Universe into the Great Universe …
They thought that Mu Han wasn't a match for a True God in the Great Universe, which was why they were summoned …
They never thought that Mu Han would be fighting against a second-level Realm Lord. Moreover, Mu Han even executed the Five-colored Divine Light Swords! To execute the Five-colored Divine Light Swords against a Realm Lord, Mu Han had to be crazy or he had true love for that Realm Lord. Other than that, the two of them couldn't think of any other explanation.
However, after observing for a while, Mu Jiu's eyes were filled with surprise. "Eh, this little Realm Lord is indeed quite capable. He can actually block three of senior brother's swords …"
The Five-colored Divine Light Swords was Mu Han's ultimate technique. Even Mu Jiu and Mu Tian were wary of it.
They also didn't think that there would be such a figure in the Grand Evolution Universe. Being able to block the ultimate technique of a True God with the cultivation of a World Lord was indeed inconceivable to them.
"This kid's strength is not weak …"
"Oh, he even made a great wish. How much does he hate you, Senior Brother?!"
"Don't tease him anymore. Just kill him!"
Mu Jiu was a person who wasn't afraid of being on the receiving end of a good show, so he actually started commenting on the situation.
In contrast, Mu Tian was a man of few words. He entered the Great Yan Universe with Mu Jiu and was already fighting with the Star Tail.
Mu Tian was Mu Jiu and Mu Han's senior. Among the three Real Gods, his abilities were the strongest. At that moment, he was fighting with Xing Wei and was not at a disadvantage. If Mu Jiu were to join the battle, Xing Wei would probably be defeated immediately.
However, Mu Jiu's mouth was chattering non-stop, and he had no intention of making a move. Instead, he watched with interest as Mu Han sliced Luo Zheng apart …
Many people were silently paying attention to this battle in the Dayan Universe.
In the depths of the Domain of the Gods …
Amidst the clouds of fog, a corner of a jade pavilion could be faintly seen …
At that moment, an indignant voice rang out. "Mu Haiji! Sending out three Real Gods in a battle of the universe, are you planning to break the rules? "
As that voice echoed, it seemed to contain a special kind of magic. It constantly lingered in the ears and didn't dissipate for a long time …
After a while, another voice rang out. "So what? This is a new rule set by the Holy Hall. Hehe, you can do it too. "
"The rules of the Holy Hall cannot be violated. Mu Haiji's actions aren't considered overstepping …"
"However, if this rule is casually changed, it'll be too childish. This rule was set three thousand Divine Epochs ago, and it's indeed too unfair to change it at such a critical moment!"
"If you have the ability, you should also change the rules on the stone slab!"
Several voices rang out one after another as they continuously argued …
Just as these voices were arguing, an even more dignified voice rang out. This voice contained an irresistible momentum. "Stop arguing. Within the rules of the Holy Hall, outsiders have no right to criticize Mu Haiji. Have you all forgotten the original intention of the Holy Hall?"
After this dignified voice rang out, all the voices fell silent …
Some Saints sympathized with Luo Xiao's situation.
With the strength of a Saint, it was very easy for them to destroy Luo Xiao's inner world, which was the Dayan Universe.
However, there was a restriction in the rules of the Holy Hall. Saints weren't allowed to destroy the inner worlds of other Saints. If this rule wasn't set, the battle between Saints would fall into an endless cycle, and the final result would be both sides suffering losses!
However, Saints could start a Universal War, which was to let the secondary creatures in their inner worlds invade the inner worlds of other Saints. However, according to the restriction, only one True God was allowed to take action, and this True God could only be a lower True God.
After Luo Xiao escaped with serious injuries, he was clearly fully prepared. Not only did he place one of his disciples in the Dayan Universe, but he also placed his Universal War in an eternal state. This method even amazed the other Saints. As long as the Dayan Universe wasn't destroyed, Luo Xiao would always have a chance to make a comeback.
However, not long ago, this rule had been changed. The number of lower True Gods that could be sent in the Universal War had changed from one to three.
This change was clearly aimed at Luo Xiao.
The Holy Hall originally had a great enmity with Luo Xiao. Even if there were Saints who wanted to speak up for Luo Xiao, they were powerless and could only watch as this scene unfolded.
Most Saints were very clear that the Dayan Universe would eventually collapse, and when that time came, Luo Xiao would naturally fall!
Some Saints were very indifferent to this matter. After all, it had nothing to do with them.
However, some Saints secretly heaved a sigh of relief. Letting Luo Xiao live for one more day was probably a kind of torture for them. Only when Luo Xiao truly fell would they feel at ease …
…
…
The speed at which Luo Zheng swung the Great Thousand Heavy Sword was getting slower and slower.
Mu Han's five-colored small sword was too fierce, and under the constant slashing, he lost more and more blood.
In the face of a True God, Luo Zheng's various methods were ineffective.
He had once used the Eight Winding Smoke, but it was simply unable to dodge this fierce small sword. Moreover, the Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book's Karmic Severing was useless against the Five Elements Divine Dao. Now, he was in a completely passive situation, completely at the mercy of Mu Han!
The appearance of the two True Gods made Luo Zheng's heart sink even more!
Xing Wei's mood was roughly the same as Luo Zheng's …
If it was just to deal with Mu Han, the Dayan Universe and the Dayan Universe were originally qualified to fight, and the possibility of victory was quite high.
However, Mu Haiji had actually sent out three True Gods to fight. This placed the Dayan Universe in an invincible position!
"Still not ending that brat's life?"
"Is it really that fun to trample on a small realm lord?"
"Mu Han, I didn't know that you had such a bad taste …"
Although Mu Jiu had come to help the Great Extremity Cosmos, he had no intention of doing anything. He even pretended not to see the deaths of several Sacred Race Heavenly Venerates not far away. He just followed behind Mu Han and chattered incessantly.
"Shut your stinky mouth!" Mu Han scolded.
He probably felt that it was time to end, so his figure flashed and he appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
At that moment, Luo Zheng's power of nine stars was almost exhausted …
Although the Great Ambition was exerted on him, he didn't have the power to counterattack. Even controlling the Great Thousand Heavy Sword was a little difficult.
He waved the Great Thousand Heavy Sword mechanically. This floating sword didn't have the slightest bit of power. Mu Han stretched out his hand and lightly tapped the Great Thousand Heavy Sword's body, pushing away Luo Zheng's sword.
"Give up. Your performance really surprised me. You don't even have the Heaven's Mandate, but you were able to cut off my arm," Mu Han said faintly.
"What? This brat cut off your arm?" Mu Jiu was stunned.
Mu Han ignored Mu Jiu and continued to speak to Luo Zheng condescendingly. "Secondary lifeform, you were born with a lowly life and were bound by the Heavenly Dao. No matter how strong your talent is or how strong your willpower is, the things you chase your entire life are just a joke in my eyes. Kneel down and I'll grant you a dignified death!"
After Mu Han finished speaking, Luo Zheng suddenly revealed a mysterious smile.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Mu Han had a strange feeling in his heart. This realm lord was already in such a state, so why was he revealing such an expression?
"Do you have the right to grant me a dignified death?"
Luo Zheng suddenly said this and then miraculously disappeared in front of Mu Han.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1689
Luo Zheng had used the "Gen" token to escape into the Immortal Mansion.
At present, Luo Zheng had three escape methods. The first was greater teleportation.
It was almost impossible to use Greater Teleportation in front of a True God. Someone like Mu Han could easily seal Luo Zheng's Space Law. Even if Luo Zheng successfully used Greater Teleportation, he would only be able to move a distance of a thousand miles at most. Even a Heavenly Venerate would not be able to escape from such a distance, let alone a True God.
The second escape method was to use the teleportation token. The teleportation token was essentially a "Mandate of Heaven." However, this Mandate of Heaven could give Luo Zheng a space. Through this space, Luo Zheng could freely teleport to any Great Realm in the universe. However, using the teleportation token was slower than using greater teleportation. He might be intercepted by his opponent before he could even construct a space passage.
The third escape method was to use the "Gen" token. The "Gen" token was a projection of the Immortal Mansion's door. The moment it was activated, there would be no fluctuations of Space Law and he would be directly pulled into the Immortal Mansion.
Therefore, Luo Zheng chose to use the "Gen" token.
In addition to these three escape methods, Luo Zheng could also rely on Heavenly Venerate Cloud Fox's Hollow Love Lock. However, no matter where Heavenly Venerate Cloud Fox projected Luo Zheng, it was impossible for him to escape the pursuit of a True God. Moreover, Heavenly Venerate Cloud Fox seemed to be engaged in a fierce battle with a Sacred Clan Heavenly Venerate and had no time to pay attention to Luo Zheng.
"Escape?"
Mu Han sneered when he saw Luo Zheng suddenly disappear.
He could reach the entire Great Yan Universe in one step. Where could Luo Zheng escape to?
Mu Han's eyes flashed slightly. His powerful soul released a huge divine sense that instantly spread out.
He also noticed that Luo Zheng's sudden disappearance was a little strange. The moment this kid disappeared, there was almost no Space Law escaping … However, he didn't think that Luo Zheng had the ability to escape.
When he spread his divine sense to a Great Realm, he frowned slightly.
He didn't think that Luo Zheng could escape the range of a Great Realm in a short time. However, he really couldn't find Luo Zheng.
"Phew …"
The invisible divine sense continued to spread. This time, it covered the area of ten great worlds!
It still didn't exist …
The Hundred Realms!
Even an Empyrean wouldn't be able to pass through over a hundred great worlds in this period of time!
Mu Han still couldn't track down Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the light in his eyes was getting brighter and brighter. After activating the Godhead, his soul power was rapidly increasing.
"Thousand Realms Whirling!"
Thousands of Great Worlds were enveloped by an invisible divine sense.
During this period of time, the Empyreans had engaged in fierce battles and the battlefield had already spread to over a thousand great worlds. He was able to observe the whereabouts of all the saint race Empyreans in the Great Evolution Universe, but he still couldn't find Luo Zheng.
Mu Han was dumbfounded. How could this be?
"Aiya, Senior Brother, you wouldn't really let that kid get away, would you?" Mu Jiu said with a grin.
As soon as Mu Jiu finished speaking, the five-colored sword beside Mu Han emitted an ear-piercing sound and shot towards Mu Jiu. From the looks of it, Mu Han seemed to be serious …
"I've tolerated you for a long time!"
Mu Han's personality had always been reserved and extremely proud.
He had come to the Great Evolution Universe once, but he had been played by a mere Realm Lord time and time again. He was already in a bad mood.
However, his Junior Brother, Mu Jiu, naturally liked to gloat and ridicule him. Mu Han couldn't find Luo Zheng, so he vented his anger on Mu Jiu …
"Senior Brother, I was just joking … You're serious!"
Mu Jiu saw the five-colored sword coming towards him and didn't dare to stand still. He immediately ran away.
However, Mu Han was really angry and chased after Mu Jiu relentlessly.
Rumble …
A star in the deep space was shattered by Mu Tian's finger.
Mu Tian and Xingwei had already exchanged more than a thousand blows in the True God battle.
Now, Mu Tian was getting fiercer and fiercer, while Xingwei was showing signs of being defeated. He could only escape into the starry sky and use the power of the stars to constantly block Mu Tian.
However, the Dipper Divine Dao that Mu Tian cultivated was extremely ferocious. Even though the Star Tail was constantly gathering stars, as long as a star got close to Mu Tian, it would be instantly shattered by him. Along the way, Mu Tian had probably shattered over a hundred stars!
"Hmm?"
While fighting, Mu Tian still had some free time to observe the movements below. He realized that Mu Han and Mu Jiu were actually fighting.
"Both of you, stop right there!"
Among the three of them, Mu Tian was the strongest. He was usually a man of few words, but he had the highest authority. Therefore, Mu Tian transmitted his voice to him and stopped him. Only then did Mu Han stop and explain, "Mu Jiu, he …"
"I know, Mu Jiu. Don't mess around. Otherwise, I will report you to Master after this! Assist Mu Han in clearing the Heavenly Venerables in the Great Evolution Universe to prevent other variables. "Mu Tian instructed.
There was a huge difference in cultivation between a Heavenly Venerable and a True God. After possessing a Godhead, a True God's physical body, soul, and True Origin understanding were far superior to a Heavenly Venerable. After all, a Heavenly Venerable without that destiny was only a Sector Lord.
However, there were some Celestial Venerables whose Fates of Heaven were unsolvable. Under special circumstances, it was not impossible to defeat or even kill a True Divinity.
If only the three of them were to enter the Great Evolution Universe, they would be no match for the 128 Heavenly Venerables in the Great Evolution Universe. In this battle, the Heavenly Venerables of the Sacred Clan were enough to exhaust most of the Heavenly Venerables in the Great Evolution Universe. The three of them only needed to kill Xingwei and casually clear the remaining Heavenly Venerables. Now, it seemed that Mu Tian alone was enough to kill this True God who used the stars.
However, in order to prevent any mistakes, Mu Tian didn't want Mu Jiu and Mu Han to be idle.
Mu Han glared coldly at Mu Jiu and said coldly, "Take out your Soul Searching Flag!"
After being reprimanded by Mu Jiu, Mu Jiu was clearly much more obedient. However, he was rather puzzled when he heard Mu Han's request. "What do you want the Soul Searching Flag for?"
"I want to find that brat!" This time, Mu Han was really going to compete with Luo Zheng. Although he felt that Luo Zheng was useless in the battle between the two universes, he couldn't vent his hatred if he didn't kill that brat.
Mu Jiu also understood Mu Han's intention. Since Mu Tian wanted him to assist Mu Han, he could only obediently take out a dark grey flag.
A grey light was instantly shot out from the flag and connected with Mu Han's soul.
The Soul Searching Flag was a soul-type treasure that could greatly increase the power of the soul in a short period of time.
When Mu Han spread his consciousness out earlier, it could only cover a range of 10,000 Great Worlds. With the help of the Soul Searching Flag, the range of his consciousness spread out with his soul increased by several times!
"Phew …"
That formless Divine Sense once again surged in all directions.
100,000 Great Worlds!
Millions of Great Worlds …
Countless Star Spaces …
The entire Great Evolution Universe was completely covered within the range of his Divine Sense.
From Mu Han's point of view, Luo Zheng couldn't have escaped from the Great Evolution Universe, right?
However, after searching for a while, the confusion on his face became more and more intense. He simply couldn't find Luo Zheng's figure in the Great Evolution Universe!
"How is it?" Mu Jiu said resentfully. He always felt that Mu Han was too serious in his work, but this serious fellow often wasted his time on meaningless things. What was the point of chasing after a broken Realm Lord?
"No! I can't find him! " Mu Han took a deep breath. Luo Zheng's disappearance was already something beyond his understanding.
"This is really strange … it's fine if he can't find him. Let's disintegrate the Great Evolution Universe and completely collapse the Heavenly Dao. All living things in this universe will disintegrate and die. That brat won't be able to escape." Mu Jiu also couldn't understand this and could only comfort him.
"But he didn't die by my hands." Mu Han replied.
"What's the point?" Mu Jiu shook his head. He couldn't understand Mu Han's actions at all.
Mu Han glanced at Mu Jiu indifferently and said seriously, "You'll never understand the meaning of the word 'point'. That's why you're more talented than me and have more resources than me, but you'll never be stronger than me!"
Mu Jiu wasn't angry when he heard this. He just shrugged his shoulders. He was born to be cynical. If he were to become someone like Mu Han, he might as well die. "Let's not dwell on this. Let's make our move …"
Mu Han nodded and lowered his head. His gaze locked onto the Empyreans.
At this moment …

Chapter 1690
In the long years, Afo had always been in a sealed state.
His puppet body didn't decay, but the body had a real soul. Endless years meant endless loneliness.
But the time when Luo Zheng broke in was the happiest time of his life.
In these tens of years, Luo Zheng had entered the immortal residence a few times, and each time he had gained something. The further he walked on the path of true extinction, the stronger his control over the immortal residence became.
Later on, Luo Zheng settled his family in the residence. That little fellow Luo Nian brought him and the immortal in the book a lot of joy, and they loved him very much.
Afo never asked about the outside world, but that didn't mean that Afo didn't know about the Great Evolution Realm, and knew that Luo Zheng was facing a huge test.
But Afo was very confident in Luo Zheng. Being able to become master's disciple, how could he fail so easily?
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly appear in the immortal residence, lying on the ground covered in blood, Afo's face was still filled with worry. Only after Afo checked carefully, did he know what was going on.
Luo Zheng's wounds looked scary, but they didn't hurt his vitals.
After reaching the sector lord realm, a fighter's only vitals were the soul and dantian. As long as these two weren't too damaged, they would heal quickly.
Plus, Luo Zheng's body was already different from normal people, and now he was quickly recovering!
The warm current in Luo Zheng's body was constantly flowing around the wounds all over his body. Some of the wounds were deeper and directly penetrated his internal organs. At this moment, they were wriggling at a visible speed. New granulation was rapidly growing out of the wounds, connecting them to each other.
Not long later, Luo Zheng slowly woke up. The moment he opened his eyes, a sharp light flashed, and he flipped over.
"Pu pu pu …"
His fleshly body was like a deflated balloon, and as he exerted his strength, several blood arrows shot out. Some of the wounds had just healed, and naturally couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's movements.
"Master is still very weak right now." Afo said.
Luo Zheng shook his head, not caring. His body twisted, and used his strength to force the wounds back together. He then said: "Take me to the path of extinction!"
"Master wants to go to the path of extinction again?" Afo asked.
Luo Zheng nodded, and started walking …
Luo Xiao had given him some pointers in the Heavenly Dao, and also revealed some secrets of the immortal residence. There were some powerful existences in the immortal residence prison, and if they were released, he could ask for their help.
If he couldn't defeat them, then Luo Zheng would have to go to the path of extinction.
However, Luo Xiao had also warned Luo Zheng not to do so until the very last moment. He had told Luo Zheng that there was a rule in the universe that only one lower True Divinity was allowed to appear in the universe!
If there were more than two, the Templars would see it as a violation of this rule. At that time, it wouldn't be the True Gods who would make a move. Mu Hai could flatten the entire Great Yan Realm in a very short time.
There was already a disciple Startail in the Great Yan Realm.
Luo Xiao's so-called final move was to give up the entire Great Yan Realm, give up his own life, in order to protect Luo Zheng!
But during the battle, Luo Zheng learned something else from Mu Han. The rules of the Templars had been changed, so Mu Han summoned Mu Jiu and Mu Tian.
"Master's condition isn't good enough. If he goes to the path of extinction now …" Afo hesitated.
Luo Zheng's strength had taken a qualitative leap after returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. He was indeed qualified to enter the path of extinction! But now that Luo Zheng was riddled with scars, Afo was naturally worried. As Luo Zheng walked further and further on the path of extinction, the Sacred Clans would become stronger and stronger. It wasn't impossible for him to die if he wasn't careful.
Luo Zheng now had a total of five tokens. They were the Kan token to enter the library, the Li token to enter the weapon workshop, the Zhen token to enter the path of extinction, the Xun token to let Luo Zheng pass through the immortal mansion, and the Gen token to project the immortal mansion next to him. The remaining three tokens were the Qian and Kun tokens and the Dui token.
The Dui token could be used to open the alchemy room, the Kun token could be used to open the cultivation tower, and the Qian token could be used to open the immortal mansion's dungeon!
The remaining three tokens were the most difficult to obtain in the immortal mansion!
Although Afo tried to persuade him, Luo Zheng didn't waver in the slightest …
Before leaving, Luo Zheng already knew the situation in the universe. He knew very well what the appearance of the three True Gods meant. No matter how many trump cards Xingwei had, he couldn't reverse the entire situation by himself. In this case, the competition between the Celestial Masters was no longer important. Once Xingwei died … even if one True God kept Xingwei busy, the other two True Gods would keep killing the Celestial Masters, and the outcome would be determined!
Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng's choice to enter the path of extinction could be said to be inevitable!
After entering the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng quickly activated the Zhen token. As the vast mist rose, Luo Zheng once again set foot on the path of extinction!
At the same time, the situation in the universe was just as Luo Zheng had predicted …
In the battle between the Celestial Masters of the two great universes, the Universe of Great Expansion still had a considerable advantage.
The Universe of Great Expansion was led by the Demi-Immortal Clan and the four great families. Countless years ago, they had already made all sorts of preparations. They also understood that the great crisis of this great era would erupt, so their preparations were far more comprehensive than the saints'.
Moreover, when a person was on the verge of death, they would always be able to erupt with astonishing strength, and this was the case for the entire universe. This was the final struggle of the Universe of Great Expansion. Every Celestial Master would exhaust all of their strength because there was no way out.
It was to the extent that every mortal was praying for the Great Evolution Universe's tomorrow to increase the "power" of the entire universe.
Because of this, the old Patriarch had relied on the Great Expansion Lotus Flower to suppress the Destitute Woodfern of a saint Grand Empyrean. In truth, in terms of strength alone, the saint Grand Empyrean was slightly stronger than the old Patriarch!
As the two sides fought, great worlds were destroyed one after another, Celestial Masters fell one after another, and the Heavenly Dao shook again and again …
But the Universe of Great Expansion had only lost 33 Celestial Masters, while the saint Celestial Masters had already lost 50. Over half of them had died!
"No heart, no fate, no root, no wisdom, help me!"
"Glazed Thunder Pagoda!"
Ka ka!
A massive thunder pagoda fell down, falling not too far away from Empyrean Thunder Punishment. Before the two saint Empyreans could even make a sound, they were already killed by this thunder pagoda!
Looking at the saint Empyreans that had been turned to ashes, Empyrean Thunder Punishment sneered. Then, he turned his gaze to another great world. In this great world, the Old Ancestors of Gods Without Thought were trying to break through the Meridian Heart Divine Array formed by nine saint Empyreans, but they weren't able to break through it.
If the Thunder Punishment Grand Exalt were to join in with the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain's Empyreans, the nine saint Empyreans wouldn't be able to last much longer!
As more and more saint Empyreans fell, the Empyreans of the Universe of Great Expansion were outnumbered. This accelerated the rate at which the saint Empyreans fell.
But just as Empyrean Thunder Punishment was about to use greater void shift, a banner appeared in front of him …
This banner had a strange pattern drawn upon it. Empyrean Thunder Punishment glanced at it and felt a stabbing pain in his soul!
Then, Mu Jiu appeared beside the banner. He chuckled at Empyrean Thunder Punishment and said, "Not bad, you know how to use your own heaven's will. If all of you combine your heaven's will together, you have the qualifications to fight me!"
"True Divinity!"
When Empyrean Thunder Punishment saw Mu Jiu, his complexion changed.
Behind him, the four Empyreans of Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain – Heartless, Fated, Rootless, and Wisdom – also entered a state of alert …

Chapter 1691
As soon as Mu Jiu's voice fell, the Soul Searching Banner shot out beams of gray light.
As soon as these gray lights appeared, they brought a heavy pressure to the five Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region Empyreans!
After cultivating a Golden Battle Soul, the plasticity of one's soul would greatly increase. Ordinary methods would find it difficult to injure a Golden Battle Soul. Some cultivators who specialized in cultivating the soul would use their soul to defend against their enemies, and some would even mold their soul into a weapon!
It was precisely because of the strength of a Golden Battle Soul that Empyreans rarely used the power of their soul when they fought. This was because neither side could injure the other's soul.
However, the Soul Searching Banner was a grandmist artifact, and the person controlling it was a True Divinity. He could display the full potential of this grandmist artifact.
Mu Jiu's understanding of the soul was on a whole new level compared to the other Empyreans. Therefore, even though Thunder Punishment Empyrean and the others had Golden Battle Souls, it was still difficult for them to resist the gray lights of the Soul Searching Banner!
When this gray light shined onto Empyrean Thunder Punishment's body, he felt as if the heavens and earth were turning upside down in his mind. His soul involuntarily wanted to leave his mortal body. This gray light was actually trying to suck away his soul!
Empyrean Thunder Punishment was like this. The four Empyreans behind him, Wuxin, Wuyuan, Wugen, and Wuhui were also like this.
At this moment, the five Empyreans' faces were distorted. Sometimes their eyes rolled back, and sometimes their mouths were agape. All kinds of strange and terrifying expressions were constantly changing on their faces. This was because the souls in their minds were frantically resisting this gray light.
"Great Pagoda … Suppress my heart!"
As he continued to struggle, Empyrean Thunder Punishment vaguely spat out these words.
The Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to Origins Great Pagoda that the five of them had arranged was a sharp weapon that could attack and defend!
As his voice fell, the Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to Origins Great Pagoda behind them suddenly emitted a golden Buddhist light. At the same time, there were bursts of Buddhist hymns, as if the gods and Buddhas were chanting in a low voice.
This low Buddhist hymn spread over a considerable distance. It could be heard in dozens of neighboring great worlds.
And this hymn contained the demonic power of a divine artifact. Hearing it, one's mind would calm down, and one's entire being would become lazy and tranquil. Even their mind would become clearer!
As for the souls of the five Empyreans, they were constantly emitting this golden Buddhist light!
Under the illumination of this Buddhist light, it forcibly resisted the grey light. The eyes of the Thunder Punishment Exalted Celestial, Wuxin, Wuyuan, Wugen, and Wuhui quickly regained their clarity. They looked at the Soul Searching Banner with a trace of fear in their eyes.
Celestial Venerables were also living beings, and they were also afraid of death. This Soul Searching Banner was meant to directly take away their souls. If his soul was really taken into the banner, who knew what kind of inhumane treatment he would receive? It was just that most of the secret techniques of the Soul Dao were known for their cruelty. Presumably, his end would also be extremely miserable.
Seeing Empyrean Thunder Punishment use the Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to Origin Stupa to block his soul searching flag, Mu Jiu couldn't help but sigh. "What's the point? No matter how hard you struggle, the final result will never change …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he shook the Soul Searching Flag once more!
The flag on the Soul Searching Banner fluttered in the air, and rays of gray light shot out again!
His Soul Searching Banner had collected countless souls!
Ordinary living creatures had tens of millions of souls. There were more than a million souls at the Jade Battle Soul level. There were more than a hundred thousand souls at the Silver Battle Soul level. There were more than three thousand Golden Battle Souls and there were seven True God Souls that were of a higher level than the Golden Battle Soul!
After a soul was taken into the Soul Searching Banner, it was equivalent to stepping into a cruel hell. In the world of the Soul Searching Banner, countless Yin Souls fought and devoured each other. They constantly grew stronger, but in the end, they couldn't escape the fate of being enslaved.
As for Mu Jiu, he enslaved thousands of Gold Battle Souls and charged towards Empyrean Thunder Punishment Exalted Celestial and company!
These Gold Battle Souls came in different shapes and sizes. They were all living beings that had fallen in front of the Soul Searching Banner. Among them were human cultivators, and there were also various forms of mystical beasts. There were even two True Dragon Souls …
"Wu wu wu …"
These enslaved Gold Battle Souls all possessed great strength when they were alive. Now that they were charging over, the power they exuded was more than ten times stronger than before!
Seeing these demon-like Gold Battle Souls, the hearts of Empyrean Thunder Punishment Exalted Celestial and company sank …
Wuxin, Wuyuan, Wuren, and Wuhui's expressions were even more disheartened.
Before this, they still had a certain level of fantasy in their hearts. After all, Empyreans were able to compete with True Gods in many situations. Although the strength of a True God was terrifying, Empyreans relied on the destiny of a Saint to not be too weak.
But after seeing Mu Jiu use the Soul Searching Banner's techniques, they realized that the gap between them and a True God … was just too great.
In fact, these Empyreans could not be blamed for this!
The difference in strength between True Gods was like the difference between clouds and mud.
In the Divine Realm, there were a large number of True Gods. But those True Gods that were able to become disciples of Saints were all the most outstanding of True Gods.
Just like how Mu Jiu alone could deal with an ordinary lower True God, Mu Jiu did not place these several Empyreans in his eyes at all!
"I'll risk it all!"
Empyrean Thunder Punishment Exalted Celestial clenched his teeth. The dark red mole between his eyebrows emitted a blood red light!
"Zi zi zi …"
Wisps of blood-red lightning escaped from the red mole!
He was one of the four upper Empyreans in the Great Yan Universe. What his destiny carried was the strongest thunder profound that Luo Xiao cultivated – the Blood Refining True Thunder!
The blood within Empyrean Thunder Punishment Exalted Celestial began to rapidly boil. Under the crazy burning of his blood, he stimulated streaks of blood red lightning.
"Pipa, pipa …"
The streaks of lightning formed rings of lightning that spiraled towards those souls!
At the same time, Wuxin, Wuyuan, Wuren, and Wuhui, the four Empyreans, sat cross-legged in the air. They began to mutter incantations as they stimulated their own destinies to fight against those demon-like golden battle souls …
"Wu …"
"Ao …"
"Hou hou …"
All sorts of strange cries came from the skies.
Thunder-attribute cultivation methods were originally extremely effective against evil yin spirits. Although the souls that Mu Jiu stimulated were golden battle souls, they were still unable to withstand the power of the Blood Refining True Thunder.
Among the four upper Empyreans in the Great Yan Universe, Empyrean Oracle's strange self-destruction art was feared. The Old Patriarch was the strongest by borrowing the power of the universe. Empyrean Original Sin's cultivation was the deepest and most unfathomable. However, Empyrean Thunder Punishment's Blood Refining True Thunder was the sharpest. He once flew to the edge of the universe and relied on this Blood Refining True Thunder to melt a large hole in the Wall of Sighs!
The thickness of the Wall of Sighs was extremely exaggerated. If Empyrean Thunder Punishment Exalted Celestial wanted to break through the Wall of Sighs, he would need tens of thousands of years. He had no reason to do so. However, in this universe, the only Empyrean that could break through the Wall of Sighs was likely him …
"Pipa …"
A single Blood Refining True Thunder shot out, tearing apart dozens of souls.
However, there were simply too many golden battle souls surging towards him. He constantly burned his blood essence and stimulated the Blood Refining True Thunder, but the number of golden battle souls still increased …
"It really isn't worth it …"
Mu Jiu shook his head. Collecting so many golden battle souls wasn't an easy task. This Empyrean Thunder Punishment's Blood Refining True Thunder was truly unique. Even Mu Jiu didn't dare to test just how strong it was.
At this time, the soul searching flag in his hand swayed slightly, as if something was trying to break free from it.
Seeing this, the corners of his lips curled up into a smile. "Alright, you haven't come out for a long time. It's good to let you out for some fresh air!"
"Whoosh …"
With a slight tremble of the soul searching flag, a gray light floated out from the flag!
The speed of this gray light was incomparably fast. After rushing out, it drew a gray line in the air at an inconceivable speed. And this gray line was about ten billion miles long, the equivalent of crossing two great worlds.
Using greater teleportation to cross two great worlds wasn't difficult for an Empyrean. By using the Space Laws, they could compress a distance of ten billion miles into an extremely short period of time.
But this gray light didn't use the Space Laws. It completely relied on its own speed!
Although a soul body had no weight and its flying speed was naturally extremely fast, this gray light used two breaths of time to cross a distance of ten billion miles. This speed already surpassed the imagination of any living being in the Great Evolution Universe!
"I let you out for some fresh air, not for you to run so far. Come back here!" Mu Jiu coldly shouted as he held the soul searching flag.
So after two breaths of time, it circled back at an inconceivable speed. At the same time, it accurately passed between Empyrean Thoughtless's eyebrows …
Empyrean Thoughtless still sat cross-legged, floating in the air. But his mouth was wide open and the light in his eyes was gradually fading. The soul in his mind had been completely swallowed up. He maintained this posture and sank down!
Another violent tremor came from the universe. Empyrean Thoughtless had fallen.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1692
That gray dot had been flying at an extremely high speed. Even after Heavenly Sovereign Wu Hui had fallen, no one had been able to see what it was!
In everyone's eyes, this gray dot was just a gray track.
However, after this gray dot killed Heavenly Sovereign Wu Hui, it circled around and landed on Mu Jiu's shoulder.
Only then did Heavenly Sovereign Thunder Punishment and the others see it clearly. It was a gray bat!
This bat was also a soul body. However, its soul was not a Golden Fighting Soul. Instead, it was the soul of a True God. This bat was famous in the Realm of the Gods. It was the fastest True Spirit – the Light-Grazing Bat.
Even when this bat had a body, its speed was shockingly fast. Now that it was only a soul body, its speed could only be faster. Therefore, it was a sacred object in the eyes of some evil cultivators who refined and drove away souls!
However, the number of True Spirits was extremely rare even in the Realm of the Gods. Wanting to capture this Light-Grazing Bat was extremely difficult. If an ordinary True God encountered a Light-Grazing Bat, forget about capturing it, they would be burning incense if they were not killed by this little thing.
This Light-Grazing Bat was naturally not captured by Mu Jiu. He did not have such ability. This Soul Searching Flag was originally a treasure that Mu Haiji had used before. It could be said that the Soul Searching Flag's power was not the flag itself, but the many souls imprisoned within it!
"Are you full?"
Mu Jiu stretched out his finger and gently stroked the little bat on his shoulder.
The little bat rubbed Mu Jiu's finger and made a "da da da" sound …
"Not full? Then let's continue. "
Mu Jiu had originally planned to collect more Golden Fighting Souls into the Soul Searching Flag. However, since he had invited the Light-Grazing Bat out, he would naturally let this little guy eat as much as he wanted.
As soon as his voice fell, the Light-Grazing Bat turned into a gray track and rushed out.
Heavenly Sovereign Thunder Punishment and the others were originally in a state of high alert. Seeing the Light-Grazing Bat rushing over, they could not react in time. They only saw a gray track flash across their field of vision and then it disappeared completely.
The several Empyreans looked left and right, trying to lock onto the Light-Grazing Bat. Empyrean Fateless lowered his head and finally found the Light-Grazing Bat's trail. "This one …" Empyrean Fateless had barely uttered these two words when the Light-Grazing Bat had already drilled into his body and exited through the top of his head.
Empyrean Thunder Punishment turned his head and saw the gray track shoot out from Empyrean Fateless' head. Empyrean Fateless' divine sense had already dissipated. His eyes began to dim and his entire body silently fell to the ground.
Fateless Sky Master's body was unharmed, but his soul had been devoured by the Light Sweeping Bat.
"Stay close to me!"
Empyrean Thunder Punishment shouted as he saw this. Then, he had Empyrean Heartless and Rootless approach him. The moment the three Empyreans gathered together, a red light flashed between Empyrean Thunder Punishment's eyebrows and a Blood Refining True Thunder spread out!
This Blood Refining True Thunder turned into a shield of thunder that spread outwards. Countless blood red arcs of thunder wove together, protecting the three Empyreans within.
This little bat was only the size of a palm. Generally speaking, creatures that relied on speed to win were often very fragile. Empyrean Thunder Punishment felt that this Light-Grazing Bat wouldn't be able to penetrate through the shield of thunder formed by the Blood Refining True Thunder!
Just as Empyrean Thunder Punishment had predicted, the Light-Grazing Bat soared into the skies. In several breaths of time, it reached the peak of the Great Evolution Space. Then, it turned back and swooped down towards Empyrean Thunder Punishment and the others.
As this little Light-Grazing Bat arrived below Empyrean Thunder Punishment's head, it suddenly changed directions and swept towards the other side. It really did fear the Blood Refining True Thunder!
This gray track kept spiraling towards the blood-red ball of lightning. There were a few times when it was extremely close to the lightning shield and even attracted a few Blood Refinement True Thunders, but it relied on its speed to quickly get rid of them.
"This thing doesn't dare to come in!"
"A single Blood Refining True Thunder is enough to erase this little thing!"
Empyrean Heartless and Empyrean Rootless said as they stared at the constantly circling gray track.
Empyrean Thunder Punishment remained silent. The Blood Refining True Thunder was the Mandate of Heaven that could only be stimulated by burning one's blood essence. Although he was an Empyrean and had a rich blood energy within his body, the amount of blood essence he possessed far surpassed that of an ordinary person. But, his blood essence wasn't infinite!
The Blood Refining True Thunder consumed an extreme amount of blood essence. In just several dozen breaths of time, over half of his blood essence had been burned away!
Mu Jiu hugged the soul searching flag and faintly looked at the three Empyreans within the shield of thunder. His face had a bored expression, as if his struggle was meaningless. Their guess was correct. The little bat relied on its extreme speed. A single Blood Refining True Thunder was enough to kill it. But, the problem was that there was no one in this universe capable of catching up to its speed.
Moreover, the Light-Grazing Bat could use the 'Soul Realm Light Refraction'. Under the protection of this Light Refraction, the Light-Grazing Bat could force its way in!
It was just that the Light-Grazing Bat loved to swallow souls that were struggling in pain. Once it was done tormenting them, it would naturally become serious.
Soon, Empyrean Thunder Punishment's blood essence was completely burned away …
Zi zi zi …
The Blood Refining True Thunder also began to dim.
In order to maintain the Blood Refining True Thunder, Empyrean Thunder Punishment began to burn his ordinary blood!
If a mortal lost a third of their blood, it would endanger their life.
For example, if an Empyrean powerhouse burned all of their blood in a short period of time, as long as they replenished it in time, it wouldn't be too much of a problem.
An Empyrean's blood was incomparably condensed. But, when used to maintain the Blood Refining True Thunder, it burned even faster than blood essence. If this continued, Empyrean Thunder Punishment would sooner or later burn away every last drop of blood in his body …
"I'll risk it all!"
When Empyrean Thunder Punishment said these words, he had already lost all confidence. His blood essence had already been burned away. He understood that he no longer had the qualifications to risk his life.
As the shield of thunder gradually dissipated, Mu Jiu gently waved his hand. A gray trajectory spiraled forwards, piercing through the heads of Empyrean Rootless and Empyrean Thunder Punishment. Two Empyreans had fallen … and Empyrean Thunder Punishment was the first upper Empyrean to fall!
As for Empyrean Thoughtless, he had used greater teleportation to escape at the last moment.
Unfortunately, he had only crossed the distance of a great world. As he prepared to use greater teleportation to escape again, the Light Sweeping Bat had already arrived and pierced through Empyrean Thoughtless' head once more.
Huu …
After a breath of time, the Light Sweeping Bat came to a stop on Mu Jiu's shoulder once more.
"Alright, there are still many gold war souls in the Great Yan Universe. Consider them your food." Mu Jiu lightly said as he grasped the Soul Searching Flag. Then, he turned his gaze towards the other Empyreans!
Da da da! The little bat cheered on Mu Jiu's shoulder.
As the two True Divinities joined the battle of the Empyreans, the situation suddenly reversed.
The Empyreans of the Great Yan Universe had previously held the absolute advantage, but now they were forced back again and again, with Empyreans constantly falling.
With Mu Jiu and Mu Han taking action, the situation of the saints was completely reversed. The entire Great Yan Universe began to fall into a precarious situation once more!
…
…
On the True Extinction Path …
Yin and yang energies constantly condensed into saint martial artists.
The saint martial artists on the True Extinction Path were very similar to the saint martial artists in the Great Yan Universe. In terms of appearance, there was almost no difference.
However, Luo Zheng could sense the fundamental difference between the two.
The saint martial artists in the Great Yan Universe were formed from Mu Haiji's True Yuan, while the true saint martial artists were formed from Yin and Yang energies.
Yin and Yang energies were formed from chaos. Then, who was the one who transformed chaos into Yin and Yang energies? The living beings in Luo Zheng's inner world were formed directly from chaos, so they didn't experience the process of Yin and Yang energies.
Now, the saint martial artists that Luo Zheng was challenging were almost all at the Sector Lord level.
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng didn't hold back in the slightest against the saint martial artists that were constantly attacking him.
Pu pu pu …
Most of the saint martial artists were torn apart alive by Luo Zheng, then disintegrated into Yin and Yang energies and dissipated on the True Extinction Path.
Luo Zheng had consumed 90% of the nine stars' power source, but from the moment Luo Zheng entered the immortal estate until now, he relied on chaos energy to continuously transform and increase it.
To slaughter these saint martial artists, 10% was enough!
After fighting for an hour, all the saint martial artists were finally wiped out by Luo Zheng.
"I passed?"
Luo Zheng wasn't in the mood to train himself on the True Extinction Path. He just wanted to quickly pass through and get the Qian token!
As the saint race sector lords disappeared, the yin and yang energies revolved once more, forming two huge black and white whirlpools on both sides of the path. These whirlpools continued to gather the yin and yang energies, finally forming two saint race sector lords in tattered robes.
"The final challenge is still two saint martial artists?" Luo Zheng was dazed. To Luo Zheng, this was a good thing.

Chapter 1693
The auras of these two saint World Lords were very strange. Their bodies showed signs of decay, but their life force was very strong, giving off a very contradictory feeling.
"Ancient Dao Enlightened Ones?"
Although Luo Zheng was in a hurry to pass through the True Path of Extinction, he knew that there were many things that couldn't be rushed, so he didn't rush forward.
"They are the first batch of martial artists to comprehend the Divine Dao." Afo said.
At the beginning of the Divine Realm, besides those famous ancient saints, there were also a large number of low level races.
The saint race was one of them!
The reason why the saint race was ahead of the other races was because of these ancient Dao Enlightened Ones.
It could be said that the Divine Realm's 3,000 Divine Daos system was created by the saint race.
When the Good Fortune Axe split open the Divine Realm, it created 3,000 Divine Daos, but these Divine Daos weren't directly passed down to the world. Instead, they were erected all over the Divine Realm in the form of Dao tablets!
Besides a few Divine Daos that were passed down by the ancient saints, the majority of the 3,000 Divine Daos were comprehended by the saint race. They were widely spread among the saint race, then slowly spread to other races, finally spreading to the entire Divine Realm.
For example, the Five Elements Divine Dao, Truth Divine Dao, Star Divine Dao …
With these Divine Daos being passed down, the latecomers had a way to peek into them. Naturally, it was much easier, but these pioneers had to put in a lot of effort!
The Divine Realm's "Dao Tablets" were not ordinary tablets of laws.
Luo Zheng had more or less come into contact with them in the Cloud Hall, True Dragon World, and the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Normally, one only needed to comprehend the laws within to gradually control the power of laws within. The entire process didn't have any risks or costs.
But comprehending a Dao Tablet required one to undergo a harsh test. In the process of comprehension, one's body would be constantly worn down, their soul would be constantly destroyed, and even the inner world in their dantian would be thrown into chaos!
So every ancient Dao Enlightened Ones were pioneers of the Divine Realm. Moreover, these ancient Dao Enlightened Ones had a much deeper understanding of the Divine Dao than ordinary Dao Children!
Although these two saint race martial artists were only at the World Lord level and could be considered Dao Children after comprehending the Divine Dao, their abilities were much stronger than ordinary Dao Children.
"Master, isn't this too much?" Afo noticed that a few more wounds on Luo Zheng's body had opened up, and golden blood was flowing out from the wounds.
Previously, Luo Zheng's body's self-healing ability was extremely terrifying. However, after being tempered by the Craftsman Saint, his body had reached a new height. After such a sturdy body was damaged, its healing speed became much slower.
Naturally, Afo wanted Luo Zheng to retreat first and rest for a while before attempting the True Path of Extinction.
Although these two ancient Enlightened Ones were powerful, it would not be difficult for Luo Zheng to kill them with his current strength. Now that Luo Zheng was not in a good state, it was still too risky.
"No!"
Luo Zheng's face showed determination.
The Grand Evolution Universe was in imminent danger, and this matter was related to his father's fate. How could he slack off in the slightest?
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's figure fluttered, and he raised the Great Thousand Sword above his head with both hands. Then, he slashed down at one of the ancient Dao Comprehenders.
"Yi Shen Sword!"
After comprehending the essence of the Sword of Beginning, Luo Zheng's casual slash contained deep meaning.
This slash was originally very easy to dodge. After all, the opponent could easily dodge it from the back, left, or right. However, this simple slash made it difficult to determine the direction of the slash.
Naturally, the ancient Dao Comprehender also noticed this. He found that no matter which direction he dodged in, he could not dodge it. After realizing this, the ancient Dao Comprehender revealed a relaxed smile on his face. Then, he stretched out a withered hand.
The thumb and middle finger of his hand were intertwined, making a strange gesture.
Although Luo Zheng noticed the strangeness, once the Yi Shen Sword was slashed out, there was no way out. His body was affected by the Emotion Severing Divine Path, so he did not hesitate to slash down!
The Great Thousand Sword turned into a sharp fan-shaped sword light in the air. It was mixed with sharp sword essence as it slashed down. When it was less than an inch away from the ancient Dao Comprehender, a crisp sound suddenly came from the ancient Dao Comprehender's fingers.
"Pa!"
The ancient Dao Comprehender actually snapped his fingers.
"Hmm?"
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. A strange feeling pervaded his whole body. He felt that everything was moving back quickly!
The Great Thousand Sword in his hand was moving back, his body was moving back, and even his thoughts were moving back …
"Phew …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng returned to his original position. The Great Thousand Sword was also tightly held in his right hand. This was actually his state in the span of two breaths!
"This …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise.
Although he had returned to his original position, his memory still existed. It was just that the order of the memory was slightly disordered.
Just a moment ago, he seemed to have returned to the past.
"Sigh, this person comprehended the Time Divine Dao. He's the most troublesome person …" Afo sighed, feeling a little depressed. Gu Bei had already mastered the Yin and Yang Qi to the extreme. The living beings formed by the Yin and Yang Qi were almost exactly the same as they were when they were alive. However, the difficulty of the True Path of Extinction was still too high. It wouldn't be easy for Luo Zheng to completely pass through it!
In the universe, the Space Law and the Space Law were the two most heaven-defying laws. Although these two laws could be cultivated to the tenth level, the higher the level of the Space Law, the further the greater the distance of greater teleportation.
However, greater teleportation was the most important technique for warriors. Thus, everyone would cultivate it. After stepping into the Sector Lord realm, everyone would try to comprehend the perfect Space Law.
The Time Law was also extremely important. All Sector Lords and Celestial Venerables would choose to cultivate it. However, in ordinary battles, the Time Law was rarely used. This was because when you used the Time Law, your opponent would also use it. Moreover, the Time Law comprehended by Celestial Venerables and Sector Lords was not very different. Even if you cultivated it to the peak, you could still compress a portion of time.
This was because Saints had very strict control over time and space. Almost no Saints would pass down the ultimate understanding of these two great laws as the will of heaven, and Luo Xiao was no exception. These two great laws were too powerful, and ordinary living beings would mess up time and space in the universe after cultivating them.
However, the Divine Realm had no restrictions on the Time Law. Moreover, this ancient Dao Enlightened One relied on the Dao Tablet to comprehend the Time Law.
"Heh," seeing Luo Zheng's surprised face, the ancient Dao Enlightened One cracked a smile.
Perhaps because the Great Evolution Universe was invaded by those "fake Saints", Luo Zheng had the urge to rush up and crush them to death whenever he saw them. He couldn't tolerate this guy's mockery!
Huu ….
His figure shot forward, stirring up gusts of air. Luo Zheng's sword moved along with this momentum, slashing horizontally at the ancient Dao Enlightened One!
"Yi God's Sword!"
This time, Luo Zheng released a sword light ahead of time!
As the fan-shaped sword qi spread out, it formed a 100-meter-long crescent that swept out at an extremely fast speed.
This fellow was able to make Luo Zheng return to the past. Could he also make his sword go back to the past?
If so, then there was no need to rush through the Path of True Extinction. Luo Zheng could leave now ….
The ancient Dao Enlightened One didn't use the Divine Dao of Time again. Instead, he leapt up and dodged Luo Zheng's slash. But as he lightly tapped the air, he actually threw himself at Luo Zheng!
"You want to fight me head-on?" An imperceptible smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. But not long after, that smile froze on his face.
Just as Luo Zheng leapt up to meet the attack, the ancient Dao Enlightened One's figure sank. Unexpectedly, he scuttled below Luo Zheng, avoiding a direct confrontation with Luo Zheng.
At the same time, a crisp "pa" sound rang out. Luo Zheng once again returned to the past, appearing at the position he was at two breaths ago. The ancient Dao Enlightened One had already calculated Luo Zheng's position. His hands formed fists and fiercely smashed Luo Zheng's body. At this time, Luo Zheng was still puzzled ….
Dong dong!
Following the two enormous forces, Luo Zheng was instantly sent flying dozens of feet ….
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's current body was no longer the same as before. Coupled with the protection of the Heart Connecting Robe, even a Heavenly Venerable would find it difficult to injure him.

Chapter 1694
These sacred race fighters were lifelike, no different from real people.
But they were ultimately formed by Gu Bei's yin and yang energies, and were created according to Gu Bei's ideas. They were just puppets, and definitely not real existences!
Luo Zheng had explored the true path of extinction several times, and already knew the ins and outs of this place.
On this Path of True Extinction, the only one who could be said to have independent thinking was probably that "Second Senior Brother".
Some of the sacred race fighters would take the initiative to attack, while others would just wait for Luo Zheng to come.
Just like now, Luo Zheng was facing these two ancient dao comprehenders, according to Gu Bei's arrangement, they wouldn't take the initiative to attack.
Luo Zheng challenged the ancient dao comprehender on the right, while the one on the left just stood there in a daze …
"Hu …"
With a gust of wind, the ancient dao comprehender pounced towards Luo Zheng again.
Even though he knew he couldn't dodge, Luo Zheng still forced himself to move to the other side …
"Pa!"
Following a finger snap, Luo Zheng was once again bound by time laws, and returned to two breaths of time.
"Peng!"
A heavy punch landed on Luo Zheng's stomach.
Ordinary Sector Lords would find it hard to face this ancient Dao Enlightened One. Even if they could withstand these punches, they would most likely lose half their life.
But to Luo Zheng, it wouldn't cause any harm, so he had plenty of chances to test it out.
"As expected, I can only go back to two breaths of time each time." Luo Zheng climbed up from the ground, feeling more and more certain.
This path of extinction was extremely difficult, but it definitely wasn't a path of extinction!
As Luo Zheng continued to experiment, the ancient dao comprehender used the same trick again and again. No matter how Luo Zheng dodged, or how to attack, it could always rewind Luo Zheng to two breaths of time, and the timing was extremely precise, not a bit more, not a bit less.
After taking a dozen punches, Luo Zheng became more and more confident.
"Master, are you okay?"
Afo's voice came from outside the path of extinction again …
"I'm fine." Luo Zheng's voice was full of strength.
He suddenly felt that this True Path of Despair was a game that Gu Bei was playing with him. This path not only tested his strength and perseverance, but also his intelligence.
"Phew …"
Luo Zheng watched as the Ancient Enlightened One lunged at him again, but this time, he suddenly swung his sword in front of him!
This sword was not aimed at the Ancient Enlightened One but at the void!
Fu, who was outside the True Impasse Path, was slightly taken aback when he saw this scene. He was momentarily unable to figure out the purpose of Luo Zheng's strike … However, Luo Zheng had suffered so many punches just now. He must have thought of something; otherwise, it was impossible for him to be so confident.
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all after thrusting his sword. With a stomp of his feet, he pounced towards the ancient Enlightened One.
He had grasped the timing quite accurately. This series of movements was not fast, but it happened to be stuck in the time of two breaths!
"Snap!"
As Luo Zheng expected, the Ancient Enlightened One snapped his fingers again. The invisible law of time was applied to Luo Zheng's body. At the same time, the Ancient Enlightened One rushed to the other side, where Luo Zheng was two breaths ago!
However, in the span of two breaths, Luo Zheng thrust his sword forward!
So when Luo Zheng "returned to the past", his sword accurately pierced through the Ancient Enlightened One's body …
"Pfft!"
Even though the Heavy Sword of the Great Thousand Swords did not have a sharp edge, it was still indestructible due to its immense mass. There was nothing it could not pierce through. This sword easily pierced through the physical body of the ancient Dao Enlightened One.
"Hiss …"
The Ancient Enlightened One's body began to disintegrate, turning into black and white yin and yang energy that merged into the two sides of the True Path of Despair.
"Clap clap clap …"
Afo clapped his hands outside the True Path of Despair. At this moment, Afo finally understood the purpose of Luo Zheng's sword.
If the law of time was used properly, it was extremely difficult to break.
In fact, there were many warriors who could compress time in the Divine Realm, but those who could reverse time were pitifully few. Even some powerful True Gods could only reverse time to a limited extent.
If this Ancient Dao Enlightened One wasn't created by Gu Bei and was a real Saint Race World Lord, Luo Zheng wouldn't be his opponent. An expert at this level could do many things in two breaths of time.
After killing the first Ancient Enlightened One, Luo Zheng's gaze focused on the one on the left.
The first Ancient Enlightened One used the Divine Dao of Time. Then what about the other?
Luo Zheng maintained a trace of vigilance as he walked towards the Ancient Enlightened One.
When he was relatively far away, the Ancient Enlightened One had no intention of attacking him. But when Luo Zheng slowly approached, his posture changed. He bowed slightly, already in a state of alert …
In order to pass through the True Path of Despair faster, Luo Zheng began to study the details of the True Path of Despair.
After noticing the subtle changes in the ancient Enlightened One, Luo Zheng stopped in his tracks and took a small step back.
The Ancient Enlightened One immediately returned to his previous standing posture, but his eyes were coldly staring at him.
After Luo Zheng took a step forward, the Ancient Enlightened One's body bowed slightly and became alert again, as if ready to attack at any moment.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng revealed a trace of a smile.
He took a step forward, then a step back. The Ancient Enlightened One was very cooperative, sometimes alert, sometimes relaxed. The only thing that did not change was that wooden face and cold gaze.
"Master, what are you doing?" Afo was also full of questions. Just now, Luo Zheng was in a hurry to pass through the True Path of Despair. Why was he not in a hurry now? Instead, he was toying with the Ancient Enlightened One …
"One hundred and twenty meters." Luo Zheng estimated the distance in his mind. If he maintained this distance, the Ancient Enlightened One would not take the initiative to attack him, but once he attacked, the Ancient Enlightened One would pursue him.
When martial artists fought, they always maintained vigilance against the opponent at all times, no matter if it was close at hand or far away. After all, once they fought, there were too many uncertainties.
However, this Ancient Enlightened One was like a puppet, without independent thought. Luo Zheng wanted to take advantage of this loophole.
Standing one hundred and twenty meters away, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and retreated a certain distance. Then, he began to sprint, the Great Thousand Heavy Sword spinning like a windmill in his hand.
The power of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier had recovered more than twenty percent, and with this power circulating, Luo Zheng's sword was full of power!
"Hu, hu, hu …"
In the space where the Immortal Mansion was located, Luo Zheng was still unable to use the laws of space. At this moment, he was sprinting at an extremely fast speed. When he was about one hundred and twenty meters away from the Ancient Enlightened One, Luo Zheng leaped high, his speed reaching the limit at this moment!
He did not care what Divine Dao this Ancient Enlightened One cultivated. He only wanted to kill the Ancient Enlightened One before the Ancient Enlightened One could react.
Just as Luo Zheng expected, the Ancient Enlightened One would only become vigilant when he was one hundred and twenty meters away, but reaction still required a certain amount of time. When the Ancient Enlightened One reacted and wanted to counterattack, Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Heavy Sword had already slashed down on his head!
"Hong!"
The power of this heavy sword was extremely terrifying.
Although the Ancient Enlightened One finally used a technique to parry Luo Zheng's sword, it was futile.
A sword ray directly slashed open the Ancient Enlightened One's physical body, dragging a long crack behind him that extended into the depths of the True Path of Despair …
"…"
Afo, who was watching this scene at the beginning of the True Path of Despair, did not know what to say at this time. If Gu Bei knew that this kid took advantage of this loophole, who knew what he would think.
But no matter what, Luo Zheng had passed this section of the True Path of Despair.
As the Yin and Yang Qi gradually dispersed, Luo Zheng returned to the beginning along the path in front of him.
The moment he came ashore, a little light began to flicker in the sky. The little light floated in the air and fell directly into Luo Zheng's hand.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was in his throat. What he wanted most was the "Qian" token, and only this token could save the Dayan Universe. Naturally, he was nervous.
When the little light fell into Luo Zheng's hand, he turned his palm over and looked at it. His face immediately showed a depressed expression. It was a "Dui" token, but it was a token used to open the alchemy room.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1695
The tokens on the Path of True Extinction were randomly given, but not every token obtained would suit Luo Zheng's needs.
The Token of Dui in the Alchemy Room was of no use to Luo Zheng.
He casually stuffed the Token of Dui into his sumeru ring and was about to set foot on the Path of True Extinction again. He would not give up until he obtained the Token of Dui.
But Afo stopped him. Master, since you've obtained the Token of Dui, you can search the Alchemy Room. The Alchemy Room has not been opened for many years. The first master should have left many good things inside. "
Every stage of the Path of True Extinction was more powerful than before, not to mention that Afo was originally worried about Luo Zheng's state.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng pondered for a moment, then immediately accepted Afo's suggestion.
Whether it was opening the Book Pavilion or the Weapon Refining Workshop, Luo Zheng had obtained many good things. If one looked at the whole universe, the rare techniques in the Book Pavilion and the rare materials in the Weapon Refining Workshop were all top-notch existences. It was just that Luo Zheng himself was unable to fully utilize them.
If he could find some top-notch pills in the Alchemy Room, perhaps it would be of great benefit to him.
So Luo Zheng held the Token of Dui and went straight to the central courtyard of the Immortal Mansion. Soon, he stepped into the pavilion.
This huge pavilion had a total of six paths. The first path was from the front courtyard of the Immortal Mansion, while the other five paths led to the Book Pavilion, the Weapon Refining Workshop, the Alchemy Room, the Dungeon, and the Cultivation Pagoda.
After passing through the pavilion, Luo Zheng arrived in front of the Alchemy Room.
Compared to the other buildings in the Immortal Mansion, this Alchemy Room was the shortest and most inconspicuous.
Many of the Alchemy Rooms in the Sect could smell a faint medicinal fragrance just by approaching them. But Luo Zheng stood at the door of this Alchemy Room and did not smell anything …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng did not have much hope. Perhaps this Alchemy Room only stored some tools for Alchemy.
There were restrictions everywhere in the Immortal Mansion. These restrictions were set by Sages. Even a True God would find it difficult to break them.
After taking out the Token of Dui, Luo Zheng injected a strand of Chaos Qi into it. The surface of the Alchemy Room immediately flashed with a faint luster. The luster fluctuated along with the door of the Alchemy Room, then a crisp "Kacha" sound, the restriction attached to the door of the Alchemy Room automatically unlocked.
"Creak!"
The doors of the alchemy room, which had been sealed for countless years, suddenly opened.
When the Alchemy Room was opened, an extremely rich medicinal fragrance wafted out. This medicinal fragrance rushed straight into Luo Zheng's nose. The moment he smelled it, he felt all the blood in his body rush up. His body couldn't help but tremble slightly!
"What is this smell?" Luo Zheng, who was standing in place, could not move his legs. He thought the medicinal fragrance was poisonous and wanted to run away, but his body was unwilling to move. His body gave birth to a powerful instinct, which made Luo Zheng involuntarily absorb the medicinal fragrance.
This was an absolutely inconceivable thing. His physical body actually went against the will of his soul …
Luo Zheng inhaled the medicinal fragrance in big mouthfuls. As he continued to absorb, the Qi and blood in his body surged even more violently.
"Pop pop pop …"
At the same time, the wounds on his body burst open one by one. Even the wounds inside his body split open.
However, the blood that leaked out from the wound was a very dim golden color.
After Luo Zheng's body had been tempered, it was very strong. However, the Qi and blood in his body could not keep up. Although he had the help of the warm current, the recovery speed of his body was not as fast as before.
The dark golden blood was the blood clots in Luo Zheng's body. Even if the warm current wanted to remove these bruises and blood, it would take a long time. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng had not been able to fully recover.
After the dark golden blood flowed out completely, Luo Zheng felt a comfortable feeling in his body. The Qi and blood in his body calmed down. Then, Luo Zheng gently twisted his body. All the wounds on his body were squeezed together again. This time, the recovery speed was much faster.
"This is the fragrance of the Divine Blood Pill. It's really rich." Afo appeared behind Luo Zheng. He was just a puppet, so he was naturally not affected by the medicinal fragrance.
"Divine Blood Pill?"
Luo Zheng looked at the main door of the Alchemy Refining Room. He could almost see a brown aura lingering inside. How rich could the medicinal fragrance be?
"Go in quickly." Afo smiled. "Master left this for you."
Gu Bei naturally made arrangements before leaving the Immortal Mansion. He expected that Luo Zheng would be able to break through the True Impasse Path, so he opened all the doors in the Immortal Mansion.
Luo Zheng nodded, then stepped through the main door and entered the Alchemy Refining Room.
The moment he stepped into the alchemy room, he immediately felt that the brown mist around him seemed to have solidified. It was as if he was walking in water, and the mist actually produced a light resistance that wanted to push him out. The medicinal fragrance that he inhaled suddenly became extremely bitter, and Luo Zheng felt that his nose and mouth were filled with a thick bitter taste.
"I can't see anything …"
Because of the obstruction of the brown mist, Luo Zheng couldn't see anything at all. Just by opening his eyes for a while, he felt a faint pain in his eyes. He could only close his eyes tightly, and immediately released his soul power to perceive everything in the Alchemy Refining Room.
But the moment Luo Zheng released his perception, he was shocked. He found that a strange face appeared in front of him. This face was extremely ferocious. It opened its bloody mouth and was about to bite Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng tilted his body and dodged the bite. At the same time, he kicked out with his foot.
"Wah wah wah …"
There was a scream, and the face quickly dissipated in the brown mist.
This face disappeared, but in the brown mist, there were more faces coming from all directions. They still opened their mouths and kept biting Luo Zheng. He didn't enter the Alchemy Refining Room. He had clearly entered some evil place!
"This … this is what the North Sage left for me?"
Luo Zheng's fists were like the wind, smashing the faces one by one.
He wasn't afraid of these strange things. But as Afo said, everything in the Alchemy Refining Room was left for him by the North Sage. Who knew that a bunch of strange faces would appear and attack him? At this moment, Luo Zheng was a little confused.
But Afo stood at the door and smiled, "The more the better!"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"These things are all Elixir Souls. I thought it would be good if there were two or three Elixir Souls in the Alchemy Refining Room. I didn't expect there to be so many," Afo continued, "The Elixirs in the Realm of the Gods are divided by" Revolutions ". The lowest grade is the First Revolution Golden Elixir, the highest grade is the Ninth Revolution Golden Elixir. Only the Seventh Revolution Golden Elixir and above will have spirituality. After a long time of storage, it will condense into an Elixir Soul!"
Everything had spirituality. Mountains had Mountain Spirits, Earth had Earth Spirits. The Golden Elixir was the most spiritual thing in the entire Realm of the Gods. Its spirituality was naturally far beyond that of ordinary things.
Once the Seventh Revolution Golden Elixir was refined, it would give birth to a free spirituality. This spirituality would grow with time, and a natural soul would be born from the spirituality of the Elixir Soul. These Elixir Souls originally had all kinds of strange shapes. There must be some other reason why the Elixir Souls around Luo Zheng all condensed into human faces.
"Is the Seventh Revolution Golden Elixir a very good Elixir?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng rarely used Elixirs in his cultivation, so he knew nothing about the Elixir Ranks in the Realm of the Gods.
"Heh heh." Fu smiled but did not answer. However, the meaning behind this smile was very clear. A Golden Core that could reach the Seventh Revolution was definitely not an ordinary object. Even in the Divine Territory, it was definitely not an ordinary object.
Under Luo Zheng's constant patting, the strange human faces were all defeated, and the brown mist floating in the Elixir Refining Room gradually dissipated. The medicinal fragrance that Luo Zheng breathed into his nose was still very strong, but it was not as strong as before.
At this moment, Luo Zheng opened his eyes again and could finally see everything in the Elixir Refining Room clearly …
Although the Elixir Refining Room was small, everything was arranged neatly. There were exquisite wooden cabinets erected on three sides of the room. Inside the cabinets were small golden cauldrons, and inside the cauldrons were elixirs the size of eyeballs. The patterns on the surface of these elixirs were different in color, and the aura they emitted was also very different. When all the aura of the elixirs gathered, it formed the medicinal fragrance that Luo Zheng smelled.

Chapter 1696
When Luo Zheng got the "Li" token, he got the sword embryo of the Da Qian Heavy Sword in the workshop.
He didn't expect that there would be something similar in this furnace.
When Luo Zheng saw the movement of the alchemy furnace, a curious look appeared on his face. He immediately walked towards the furnace.
Just as he was about to reach out and open the lid of the alchemy furnace, Ah Fu, who was at the side, flashed by and pressed his hand on the lid of the alchemy furnace. He anxiously said, "Wait!"
Luo Zheng was stunned.
He thought that the elixirs in this room were just as Fu had said. They were all extraordinary, so the elixirs in this cauldron must be even more precious. It was not that he had to eat this elixir. Luo Zheng's cultivation had been based on his talent and perseverance, so he did not have a high demand for elixirs.
Afo said seriously, "You can't open the lid!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face was filled with suspicion.
Fu then pointed to the corner, "All the Seven Revolutions Golden Pills here were refined by that alchemy furnace!"
Luo Zheng looked in the direction that Fu was pointing at. There was another alchemy furnace placed in the corner of the alchemy room. That alchemy furnace was almost identical to the one in front of him, but it was obviously smaller. Even with Luo Zheng's experience, he could not recognize what this alchemy furnace was made of. However, an alchemy furnace used by a Saint was naturally not an ordinary furnace.
"What about this furnace?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Although it's been a long time, I remember that this furnace was used by the master to refine the Eight Transformation Golden Pill," Afo replied.
"It's one level higher than the Seven Transformation Golden Pill in this room?" Luo Zheng didn't take it seriously. "I thought it was the Nine Transformation Golden Pill …"
Unexpectedly, Fu chuckled. "Nine Revolutions Golden Pill? Throughout the countless Divine Epochs of the Divine Realm, there have only been two recorded Golden Nine Revolutions Pills. Moreover, the uses of these two Golden Nine Revolutions Pills are unknown. Therefore, in theory, this Golden Eight Revolutions Pill is already the highest grade pill in the Divine Realm! "
"Then why don't you let me open it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Eight Transformation Golden Pills aren't bound," Afo pointed to the small golden cauldrons below the Seven Transformation Golden Pills. These cauldrons were the size of cups. "These Seven Transformation Golden Pills are bound by the cauldrons, so even if they have spirituality, they can't transform. They can only escape and turn into elixir souls to wander around the room. The cauldrons aren't binding the Eight Transformation Golden Pills, so the pills inside have already transformed. If you open it, you'll be killed in an instant!"
Hearing Afo's exaggeration, Luo Zheng's face showed disbelief. "Is this elixir really that powerful?"
Seeing that Luo Zheng still didn't understand the value of these elixirs, Afo explained patiently, "If these Seven Transformation Golden Pills transform, they're equivalent to the strength of a lower True God …"
"…"
After Afo finished speaking, Luo Zheng was speechless.
His gaze returned to the Seventh Revolution Elixir Pills. In other words, if it weren't for the golden cauldrons restraining the Seventh Revolution Elixir Pills, Luo Zheng would be facing a group of True Gods when he entered the alchemy room.
"Then, then what about the Eight Transformation Golden Pills?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"If I'm not wrong, the Eight Transformation Golden Pill trapped in this cauldron is probably at the strength of a middle True God, or even an upper True God …" Afo answered.
Seeing that Afo was serious and didn't seem to be joking, Luo Zheng was completely convinced. If there was really a middle True God trapped in this cauldron, then Luo Zheng would be dead for sure if he opened it. However, there was still one thing he didn't understand. "You said that they're comparable to a True God. Can these Golden Pills condense Godhood?"
Without condensing Godhood, there was no way to gather Godhood, and there was no Inner World. This didn't make sense at all.
"Elixirs really can condense Godhood, and they have a natural advantage in this regard. After transforming, they become living beings. They can cultivate the Elixir Divine Dao … In fact, everything in the Realm of the Gods has spirituality. When it reaches a certain level, it can transform into a form and condense Godhood. In the Realm of the Gods, many True Gods are transformed from mountains, stones, and even broken swords!" Afo explained.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng thought of the broken sword in the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's hand …
Thinking that a bunch of True Gods were transformed from stones and mountains, Luo Zheng had a strange feeling in his heart. If he had the chance to go to the Realm of the Gods, he would take a good look.
At this moment, since he stepped into the cauldron, he naturally wouldn't go back empty-handed. Luo Zheng couldn't touch the Eight Transformation Golden Pills in the cauldron, but he could use some of the Seven Transformation Golden Pills around, right?
Luo Zheng didn't like to use elixirs because there were too many impurities in the pills in the universe. Even after he went to the Upper Realm, casually using elixirs would have some impact on his foundation. However, the elixirs made by his master shouldn't have this problem.
What's more, Luo Zheng needed to improve his strength now. There must be some elixirs in front of him that were suitable for him to use!
Luo Zheng walked along these cabinets. Afo also knew that Luo Zheng was going to choose elixirs, so he naturally followed Luo Zheng step by step. He only had to wait for Luo Zheng to understand something, so he could just tell him.
"Cold Jade Sky Fantasy Pill …"
"This pill is used to cultivate the Snow Imprint Divine Dao. It can greatly nourish the Black Ice Divine Spark."
"Bewitching Pill."
"This Bewitching Pill can solve the confusion of the Divine Heart!"
"Purple Heart Barrier Breaking Pill."
"Barrier Breaking Divine Spark!"
"Immortal Mushroom Soul Pill."
"It's a panacea for cultivating the Dao of the Soul …"
Every time Luo Zheng called out the name of a golden pill, Afo would explain it to him.
The characteristics of these elixirs were very obvious. For example, this Cold Jade Heaven Fantasy Elixir was a small round ice ball. This small ice ball had illusions that were constantly changing. The speed of the changes was ridiculously fast, but Luo Zheng could not see clearly what the illusions were recording.
However, after looking at several Seven Transformation Golden Pills, Luo Zheng found that they weren't of much help to him at this stage. These golden pills were for True Gods, and Luo Zheng was only a Realm Lord now.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's Lotus Flower hadn't even fully opened!
After returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Ji Luoxue, and the others' Lotus Flowers had already fully opened. After all, Daoists had started to break through to the True God Realm after entering the Realm of God Refinement. However, Luo Zheng's Lotus Flower hadn't even fully opened, let alone condensing a Divine Spark …
His comprehension wasn't lower than any of the ten Daoists. As the strongest Daoist, it was unreasonable that his Lotus Flower hadn't fully opened after entering the Realm of God Refinement.
"Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's gaze was focused on a blood-red pill. He sensed an extremely powerful Blood Qi from this Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill. Although Afo hadn't explained the use of this pill, Luo Zheng could guess its use.
"Master, this pill is suitable for you."
In fact, Afo had wanted to recommend Luo Zheng from the beginning. However, as a servant of Immortal Abode, he couldn't give Luo Zheng his opinion casually. Now that Luo Zheng had taken the initiative to stop in front of the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill, he took the opportunity to speak up.
Luo Zheng's physical recovery was still too weak.
Although this Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill was also a Seven Transformation Golden Pill, it was probably the least valuable of all the golden pills.
However, this pill didn't require Luo Zheng's cultivation to be strong or weak. Directly swallowing it could greatly enhance Luo Zheng's recovery.
"Yes." Even if Afo hadn't said so, Luo Zheng would have chosen this golden pill. Then, he reached out and took the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill in his hand.
However, as soon as he took it, he glanced over and saw that there was another Seven Transformation Golden Pill on the other side — the Emotion Severing Pill!
"Master cultivates the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, so this golden pill is suitable for Master. However, Master's cultivation is too low. It's fine to take the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill, but this Emotion Severing Pill is for True Gods who cultivate the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. Take it! "Afo said.
Luo Zheng smiled and reached out to take the pill as well. "Since the Emotion Severing Divine Dao is a forbidden Dao in the Realm of the Gods, then this Emotion Severing Pill is also a forbidden medicine?"
"That's right." Afo nodded.
Ever since he started cultivating the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng had always relied on killing intent to suppress his emotions. However, this was only a helpless compromise.
If he could reach a higher level in the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng was confident that he could fight against the True Gods of the Sacred Clan.

Chapter 1697
At the same time …
The battle in the Great Yan Universe was becoming more and more intense.
"Give up. There's no point in struggling!" Mu Tian said indifferently.
Mu Tian seemed to have activated some kind of secret technique. Black blood flowed out of his eyes and quickly turned into a cloud of black blood mist that wrapped around him!
Starlight constantly jumped out of Xing Wei's hand. The moment the starlight flew out, it split into two and turned into a slender starlight that shot towards Mu Tian.
The starlight was extremely sharp. When he fought with Mu Han before, Mu Han was very afraid of the starlight and didn't dare to come into contact with it.
However, Mu Tian didn't have the slightest fear. When the starlight pierced into the black mist around Mu Tian, it was instantly devoured by the black mist!
"Hmph …"
After Mu Tian dealt with Xing Wei's attack, he pointed at Xing Wei.
"Swish swish swish …"
A cloud of black mist appeared beside Xing Wei. The moment the black mist touched Xing Wei, Xing Wei's expression changed. He twisted his body to avoid being hit by the black mist, but one of his arms and one of his legs had disappeared into the black mist!
"Almost," Mu Tian said indifferently.
Xing Wei stabilized his body. Starlight flashed in his gloomy eyes, and a new arm and leg grew out …
This black fog wasn't real fog. It was actually bugs the size of a needle's eye. These bugs were called "Wave Devouring Bugs". These bugs fed on blood and qi, and could only survive by parasitizing living beings with powerful blood and qi.
Mu Tian used his own vigorous blood and vitality to raise a large number of "Wave Devouring Bugs". If he encountered a strong enemy, he would command these bugs to fight.
Just now, Xing Wei had only come into contact with the black mist formed by the Wave Devouring Bugs, and his arms and legs were completely devoured. It was obvious how powerful they were.
It was also because of this secret technique that Xing Wei was retreating in defeat. On the other hand, Mu Tian was advancing step by step, as if victory was already in his grasp!
In a battle between True Gods, Xing Wei was at an absolute disadvantage.
However, in comparison, the situation of the Heavenly Venerables in the Great Yan Universe was even worse …
Before Mu Han and Mu Jiu joined the battle of the Empyreans, the Empyreans of the Great Expansion Universe were still able to suppress the saint Empyreans. But after these two Empyreans joined the battle, the situation began to turn one-sided.
The first to fall were the Celestial Masters of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm. Then, the Patriarch of the Lie Family and the Patriarch of the Ji Family were also killed by Mu Jiu. However, the Patriarch of the Xuanyuan Family, Celestial Master Sinless, took out a very strange magic treasure. It was a bamboo raft.
This bamboo raft was a treasure passed down from the Xuanyuan family since ancient times, and it was also given to them by Luo Xiao's disciples. The moment the bamboo raft was taken out, it transformed into a bamboo forest that trapped Mu Han within. Mu Han was actually unable to break out of the maze formed by the bamboo forest for a moment.
Although he had temporarily trapped Mu Han, Sinless Sky Sovereign's heart was still extremely heavy. Even if he unleashed his full strength, he still wouldn't be able to kill Mu Han. Moreover, the Heavenly Dao shook violently …
"What should we do?"
The Ji family's ancestor asked.
The four great families had worked together to form Gods Without Thought, and Sinless Sky Sovereign was the backbone of the organization. When they encountered difficulties that they couldn't resolve, he naturally made the decision.
Now that the Patriarch of the Lie Family and the Ji Family had fallen at the same time, the Ji Family's ancestor panicked. He could only ask Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign for help.
Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign's expression was as ugly as it could be …
As the leader of the four great families, he had never suffered such a huge setback. A sense of helplessness overwhelmed him, and the ancestral teachings of his family surfaced in his mind.
There was a mysterious ancestral teaching passed down from the four great families. It was a passage that the disciples of the Sages would pass down to their descendants.
"Thou shalt stand proudly in the universe. However, with great strength comes great responsibility. If there is a day when calamity befalls, thou shalt burn thy life for it …"
The ancestral teachings of the Xuanyuan, Ji, Lie, and Ji Families were different, but the general meaning was the same.
The four great families were able to establish themselves in the universe and become the peak influences. In the end, they relied on the inheritances of their disciples. Moreover, the resources of the universe were also biased towards them.
But, the disciples of the four great families had raised them for the sole purpose of dealing with this wave of calamity! Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign had long understood the secrets of this teaching and had long since resolved to sacrifice himself!
"It's just that these people are too strong. Even if I burn my life away, I still won't be their match." Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign bitterly smiled.
In the past, Luo Xiao's disciples had calculated the strength of the Empyreans in the Great Evolution Universe, but they hadn't been able to calculate the Sage Hall's decision. They naturally hadn't expected that Mu Haiji would send three True Divinities into the Great Evolution Universe.
Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign tilted his head, his gaze crossing millions of miles. He saw two demon race Empyreans being chased down by saint race Empyreans.
He wasn't a match for a True Divinity, but ordinary Empyreans were far inferior to him …
Crackle!
As the Space Laws exploded beneath his feet, he used greater teleportation and hurtled towards the saint race Empyreans.
And in the bamboo forest left behind by Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign, Mu Han was doing his best to break through the array formation. Although this bamboo forest array formation was fierce, it still couldn't trap Mu Han. Original Sin believed that it wouldn't be long before Mu Han could break out. But before that, Original Sin Heavenly Sovereign planned to kill as many saint race Empyreans as possible …
In the entire starry sky of the Upper Realm, streams of light flew past. Occasionally, stars would fall. Occasionally, huge balls of flames would explode. The colors of those flames were different. Yellow, white, purple. The light they emitted could even cover the light of the sun!
All mortals knelt to the ground, praying …
It wasn't just humans, but all intelligent life forms in the Divine Realm were doing the same. Even those that didn't have intelligence but still possessed some spirituality were kneeling on the ground.
The reason they were praying was because the entire universe was erupting with an instinctive sense of crisis.
This shapeless feeling of danger was capable of affecting everything in the Grand Evolution Universe, from a stalk of grass to a mountain, a rock, a desert, and a star, all of them erupted with a strong desire to survive!
The power of the Great Evolution Universe also soared under such circumstances!
"Get out of here!"
"Boom!"
The Old Patriarch thrust out a hand towards the saint race Grand Empyrean!
A terrifying strength pressed down on the saint race Grand Empyrean. This strength contained the potential of the entire Great Evolution Universe, making it incomparably powerful!
If it weren't for the Grand Empyrean being protected by the Extreme Selo Tree, this palm strike would have pulverized him!
These two Empyreans who controlled the "item to collect the heavens" fought together from the beginning, and it was difficult to tell who would win. However, following the explosive increase of the "power" in the Great Expansion Space, the old clan leader also occupied the absolute advantage at this moment.
Because of the Old Patriarch's palm strike, a thin crack finally appeared in the center of the Extreme Selo Tree.
"Again!"
The Old Patriarch struck his hands together. As the Great Evolution Lotus Flower spun, a terrifying 'potential' entered his palms once more. But he didn't stop at all. He wanted to kill the Grand Empyrean and crush the Extreme Selo Tree …
…
…
After Luo Zheng swallowed the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill, he felt the blood in his body begin to boil. An unprecedented strength emerged from his golden blood and crazily flowed through his body at an extremely high speed!
Thump thump thump thump …
Luo Zheng's heart also began to beat like a drum, its rate tens of thousands of times faster than normal!
A mortal's heart could beat three to five times in a single breath!
A martial artist's body was powerful and their heart was also abnormally powerful. After cultivating to Luo Zheng's level, their heart could only beat once in an incense stick of time! But now, Luo Zheng's heart could beat over a hundred times in a single breath of time.
But with Luo Zheng's current mental fortitude, he was able to endure this pain.
After three incense sticks of time, Luo Zheng's blood began to slow down and even stopped flowing. His heart also stopped beating.
Now, Luo Zheng's blood had truly reached the 'blood like mercury' level. As his blood became even more powerful, his body's recovery ability also increased!
After refining the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill, Luo Zheng didn't continue refining the Emotion Severing Pill. Instead, he rushed out of the alchemy room and headed straight for the True Path of Extinction.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1698
Luo Zheng's nine star energy source had already recovered by more than half. Thus, it was much easier for him to pass through the True Extinction Path.
Although this section of the True Extinction Path was much more difficult than the previous section, when Gu Bei had set up this True Extinction Path, he had actually placed some restrictions.
According to Gu Bei's design, every saint martial artist that appeared in this section of the True Extinction Path would be a realm higher.
But realm wasn't the only thing.
For example, the two 'ancient Dao Comprehenders' that Luo Zheng faced. Although they were only World Lords, their true strength was much stronger than an ordinary Empyrean.
It was just that these ancient Dao Comprehenders didn't have true wisdom and were unable to utilize their abilities to the limit. They were unable to display their full strength, thus they were easily killed by Luo Zheng. Otherwise, in theory, with Luo Zheng's current comprehension of the Laws and Divine Dao, it would have been impossible for him to defeat this person …
In this section of the True Extinction Path, Luo Zheng spent nearly an hour to pass through.
From the True Extinction Path, a massive number of saint World Lords appeared. Moreover, this was the first time Luo Zheng encountered an ancient Empyrean of the saint race. When he first encountered these ancient Empyreans, Luo Zheng was extremely puzzled.
An Empyrean was a World Lord that carried the Mandate of Heaven. But in the Realm of the Gods, where could there be a Mandate of Heaven to carry?
But soon, Luo Zheng obtained an answer from Afo. In truth, the concept of Empyrean originated from the saint race. At that time, the saint race held an absolute leading position in the Realm of the Gods. The strength they comprehended from the Dao tablets was called the Mandate of Heaven. Moreover, at that time, every time the saint race comprehended a Dao tablet, they would seal it away, striving to become a unique existence!
Thus, once an ancient Dao Comprehender comprehended the strength of a Dao tablet, they would be called an Empyrean …
However, with the inexplicable disappearance of the Saint Race, the seals on the Dao tablets also lost their effectiveness. Afterwards, more and more martial artists comprehended the Divine Dao, and more and more life forms became True Divinities. The concepts of Empyreans and Mandate of Heaven also gradually disappeared.
It wasn't until the later generations cultivated to the Sage Realm that they created the universe that they transmitted their life's comprehensions to the world. Thus, "Celestial Lords" once again appeared in the Inner Worlds of the Great Sages.
The final challenge of this section of the True Extinction Path was a saint race ancient Empyrean. In truth, what he cultivated was the Divine Dao of Annihilation. Although he had completely stepped into the Divine Dao, he still hadn't condensed his godhood, thus he couldn't be considered a True Divinity.
The Annihilation Divine Dao was an extremely destructive power. However, Luo Zheng had the protection of the Concentric Garment and had just swallowed the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Elixir. Thus, he wasn't at a disadvantage in this confrontation. Luo Zheng was most likely not afraid of a head-on confrontation.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's nine star strength source had been restored by over half. As soon as he found a chance, he attacked and cut down this ancient saint Empyrean into yin and yang energies!
This time, after Luo Zheng passed through the True Extinction Path, his state of mind calmed down …
There were still two tokens left in the True Extinction Path, the Heaven Token and the Earth Token. The Earth Token was the key to opening the Cultivation Pagoda. It wasn't of much use to the current Luo Zheng. After all, distant water couldn't quench a present thirst. Luo Zheng didn't believe that he would be able to go out and slaughter everyone in the universe after entering the Cultivation Pagoda.
Now, he could only resign himself to fate.
A golden light fell from the sky. Luo Zheng casually waved his hand and caught the golden light in his palm. When he turned his hand over, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. Then, a light flashed from his eyes and a faint smile appeared on his face.
In the center of this token was a large "Heaven" character.
"Not bad, you finally got this token." On the side, Afo also showed a gratified expression.
Actually, Afo was still worried. What if Luo Zheng got the "Earth" Token …
After collecting all eight tokens, he would be able to completely control this Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion. Luo Zheng could even remove the enchantment protecting this Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion and step into the huge forest.
However, the last part of True Path of Extinction was definitely not easy to pass. The living creatures that guarded the last part of True Path of Extinction were comparable to Real God's abilities. With Luo Zheng's current abilities, it would be difficult for him to escape from Real God's hands, let alone kill a Real God.
Luo Zheng held the "Heaven" Token in his hand and followed the path back to the pavilion. Then, he walked along the side of the pavilion and went into the backyard of the Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion.
Compared to the magnificent main courtyard of the Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion, the backyard was much more dilapidated. There was only a row of broken fences in front of Luo Zheng …
But there were faint golden lights floating above the fences. Within these lights, there were small golden people holding long swords. Luo Zheng could feel a faint power from these small golden people.
Although the power was not strong, Luo Zheng did not doubt the power of the divine patterns at first glance. If he triggered these divine pattern restrictions, he would probably be killed instantly!
These divine pattern restrictions were not targeted at Luo Zheng. All the small golden people were facing the backyard. Obviously, they were guarding against something in the backyard.
Thinking of what his father had said to him, Luo Zheng's heart trembled slightly.
Actually, Luo Zheng had already made sufficient mental preparations for the True Extinction Path. Luo Xiao had told him that there were some extremely vicious criminals locked up in the dungeon in the backyard of Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion.
Although these guys were not as strong as Sages, they were still top-notch True Gods.
Luo Zheng could ask these guys for help if the Great Evolution Path was unable to defeat the Sacred Clan at the last step …
If Luo Zheng had reached this step, it meant that Luo Xiao was dead for sure. Because once these guys made a move, they would be violating the rules of the Holy Realm Dweller. Mu Hai would have a reason to act. It would not be difficult to crush the Great Evolution Path.
At that time, Luo Xiao did not know that the rules of the Holy Realm Dweller had changed, but now Luo Zheng knew. Therefore, Luo Zheng did not have any misgivings about this matter.
However, these guys locked up in the dungeon were not so easy to deal with. Just look at how Afo had been suffering in the Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion. However, Afo was still able to move about freely in the Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion and take care of it.
Those guys in the dungeon had truly been trapped here for countless years. Who knew what their state of mind had become? Perhaps they had all become lunatics and would tear him to pieces as soon as he opened the dungeon.
Everything had its risks. This time, Luo Zheng had no choice but to take this risk …
Standing in front of the dungeon, Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment before activating the "Qian" Token in his hand.
"Creak!"
A section of the fence in front of the backyard rotated, and the simple fence was opened.
The moment the fence was opened, an ear-piercing roar was heard. At the same time, a heart-palpitating aura was transmitted from the backyard!
This aura was extremely vicious, but it was unknown what kind of creature had emitted it.
Luo Zheng had sensed this aura in the Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion a long time ago. At that time, Afo had told Luo Zheng that it was a dog raised in the Holy Realm Dweller's Mansion …

Chapter 1699
This huge creature didn't look like a dog, but more like a huge lion with long fur.
Every strand of hair was flickering with a black light, looking as beautiful as satin.
"Woof …"
Just as Luo Zheng stepped into the backyard, the big dog in the kennel suddenly stood up and charged straight at Luo Zheng!
Its two feet dug into the ground, instantly creating two half-foot deep grooves.
When the dog's barking reached Luo Zheng's ears, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shook violently. He seemed to have a natural fear of the dog's barking. His whole body stood there like a block of wood, unable to move or think.
Luo Zheng had already cultivated his heart of martial arts to perfection in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. His state of mind was very difficult to shake. Even when facing a True God, he didn't shrink back in the slightest!
But the fear in front of him was something Luo Zheng couldn't resist. This big dog seemed to have an innate talent in this aspect. Any living creature that faced its barking would involuntarily feel extreme fear, even Luo Zheng was no exception.
At this moment, Luo Zheng thought he was dead for sure.
"Ding ding dang dang …"
The moment the big dog rushed out, it pulled on a shiny silver chain. It was unknown what this chain was made of, but since it was used to lock the big dog, it was extremely sturdy.
When the big dog rushed in front of Luo Zheng, the shiny silver chain was stretched taut. At this moment, the dog was less than a foot away from Luo Zheng!
"Woof woof woof woof woof …"
The big black dog stuck out its scarlet tongue, which had barbs growing on it, and rolled towards Luo Zheng. If one was rolled by this tongue, one would probably suffer terrible injuries. But in the end, it was only one or two inches away from Luo Zheng!
A hot breath with a fishy and sweet smell came out of the big dog's mouth, causing Luo Zheng to feel dizzy. Although he wanted to escape with all his strength, the dog's barking made him completely unable to move …
"Big Black! Get back! "
Afo, who had rushed over, shouted coldly.
When the big black dog saw Afo, its originally violent and manic aura immediately dissipated. It even let out a whimper as it walked back into the doghouse.
After the big black dog entered the dog house, Luo Zheng began to pant. His whole body was soaked in sweat.
It had been a long time since he had experienced such fear.
The strength of this big black dog was too terrifying. With Luo Zheng's state of mind, even with his Gold Fighting Soul, he was still frightened to this extent. If it was a slightly weaker warrior, he would have died from this big black dog's roar!
"This is a Soul Shocking Mastiff, a True Spirit that master once subdued. Later on, it has been guarding the Immortal Mansion. This Soul Shocking Mastiff's talent is" Shocking ". Under its roar, all evil spirits will be annihilated. Even a True God will fall into extreme fear," Afo said.
Hearing this explanation, Luo Zheng nodded with lingering fear. This big black dog's talent was indeed powerful. Under the dog's barking, he had no room to resist at all.
"Guard the house? This dog is chained up, how can it guard the house? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Hey," Afo smiled faintly, "The Soul Shocking Mastiff guards things outside the boundary. If this boundary is opened and something enters the Immortal Mansion, the Immortal Essence Chain will naturally break and release Big Black …"
Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
This Immortal Mansion itself was not located in the Great Yan Universe, but in this strange forest.
People like Luo Zheng who came from the Great Yan Universe didn't need to be on guard. Even if a Celestial Venerable broke into the Immortal Mansion, he wouldn't have the right to casually barge in, because even a Celestial Venerable wouldn't be able to open any of the restrictions in the Immortal Mansion!
This forest should be located in a special place in the Divine Realm. If the boundary was really broken, the Immortal Mansion naturally had a way to deal with it, and this Soul Shocking Mastiff was one of them.
Although "Big Black" had returned to the dog house after Afo's scolding, Luo Zheng still didn't dare to go over. If the dog pounced over again, Luo Zheng might be able to block it with his current strength, but the dog's barking could almost make Luo Zheng lose his ability to move.
"Don't be afraid, Big Black is actually very docile. It won't attack you," Afo comforted when he saw Luo Zheng standing still.
Luo Zheng nodded, but he still stared at the big dog with a face full of vigilance, and carefully walked over.
Just like what Fu had said, Dahei was very docile under Fu's lead. The burly lion-like body even rolled around on the ground and kept making friendly noises towards Luo Zheng. "Whimper, whimper".
"He's the new master of our Immortal Mansion, remember him!" Afo pointed at Luo Zheng and said.
Although Big Black had terrifying strength, the intelligence of many creatures was not proportional to their strength. This Big Black's intelligence was obviously not high, but it still understood Afo's words.
It rolled all the way from the dog house to Luo Zheng, and its pillar-like limbs kept waving to the sky, acting coquettishly to Luo Zheng …
"This …"
Luo Zheng was rendered speechless by the ferocious fellow who was behaving in such a manner in front of him.
Afo said with a smile, "It means that you can touch it."
Looking at Big Black's shiny black fur, Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment. Then, he reached out and stroked Big Black's body. He felt as if his hand was brushing across satin, giving him a cold and smooth feeling …
"Woo …"
Big Black's head was on the ground, and it let out a soft cry, as if it was responding to Luo Zheng's touch.
"Hey, you're finally here …"
A faint voice suddenly came from the depths of the backyard …
The entire backyard was immersed in darkness, so Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to it just now.
Hearing this voice, he looked up and saw a long-haired man sitting not far in front of him. This man sat on the ground with his upper body naked, and his hands and feet were wrapped in shining silver chains. These chains were the Immortal Essence Chains that Fu had mentioned!
Behind the long-haired man, there was a narrow entrance. This entrance must be the prison of Immortal Mansion.
After seeing the long-haired man, Luo Zheng took a breath and walked towards him.
His father told Luo Zheng that the martial artists imprisoned in Immortal Mansion's prison were all extremely vicious in the Realm of the Gods, and their only desire was freedom.
If Luo Zheng wanted them to act, he could only exchange their freedom for them.
But these people might not keep their promises, and if he casually released them, he might suffer a backlash from them. So everything depended on Luo Zheng.
This suggestion was only because Luo Xiao had no other choice. As long as the Realm of Expansion didn't reach a point of no return, he didn't recommend Luo Zheng to do this.
Luo Zheng understood that there seemed to be no one left to rely on in the Realm of Expansion. The three True Gods sent by the Sacred Clan had already formed an absolute suppression, and he had no other choice. Moreover, he even knew the new rules of the Hall of Saints, so having no other choice became the best choice.
Everything was up to these fellows!
Luo Zheng adjusted his state of mind, and with a smile on his face, he walked in front of the long-haired man. "Senior, I am the master of this Immortal Mansion …"
"I know." Without waiting for Luo Zheng to finish, the long-haired man waved his hand and interrupted him. "When you barged into this Immortal Mansion when you were still in the Xiantian stage, I already knew …"
"But the speed of your progress is really surprising." The long-haired man looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of amazement in his eyes.
Kubei had promised these people!
If someone succeeded in inheriting this Immortal Mansion, they would release all the people in the prison.
These people had been waiting for this day for who knew how many billions of years!
The long-haired man's expression was admittedly calm, but in his heart, he was extremely excited. They had been imprisoned for so long, and it was finally time for them to see the light of day again!
"Hmph, what's there to be surprised about? This brat also made us wait for almost twenty years!" A hoarse voice came from inside the prison.
From the first time Luo Zheng stepped into Immortal Mansion until now, it had been almost twenty years.
On the side, Afo said disapprovingly, "A few years ago, who said that it would take over a thousand years for Luo Zheng to take control of Immortal Mansion?"

Chapter 1700
Hearing the conversation between Afo and this group of people, Luo Zheng could guess their intentions.
These people were indeed in a hurry to leave this place. This was also the only bargaining chip Luo Zheng had with them.
"I'll let you go," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
When Luo Zheng said this, the long-haired man's eyes flashed with a blazing light, and the corners of his eyes twitched violently.
It was obvious that this long-haired man was extremely excited, but he was trying his best to control his emotions.
"Swoosh …"
From the entrance of the dungeon, several fierce auras suddenly erupted. Those auras were full of excitement …
"Speak, what do you want?"
"I can personally teach you the Path of Extreme Evil!"
"Hmph, I can help you cultivate the Devouring Sky Technique. This Devouring Sky Divine Path is much better than the Path of Extreme Evil …"
"Big mouth, what do you mean? Do you want to compete with us? "
"Hahaha, Old Man of Extreme Evil, you were no match for me back then. If we leave this place, you'll still be no match for me!"
The two people in the dungeon actually started to argue. It seemed like they wanted to see who was better.
After arguing for a while, Luo Zheng was ignored. After waiting for a while, Luo Zheng interjected, "I only have one request for you to be released."
This time, no one said anything.
Luo Zheng thought for a while. "Help me kill three True Gods."
In the silence, the old voice sounded again. "There's a huge difference in the strength of a True God. Is it lower, middle, or upper? Or peak? "
"It's three lower True Gods," Luo Zheng replied.
"Merely three Lower True Gods, and you can kill them with a wave of your hand … What are their names?" the old voice asked.
"Mu Han, Mu Jiu, Mu Tian," Luo Zheng said the names of the three True Gods.
"Nameless juniors that I've never heard of. Tsk tsk, this is an easy task," the voice in the dungeon said again.
These people had been imprisoned here for many years. They did not know some of the new True Gods in the Divine Territory.
"Wait, why are they all surnamed Mu?" Another person asked, "Could these three be related to Mu Haiji?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
The long-haired man frowned. "Are these three Mu Haiji's disciples?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes!"
Thus, everyone remained silent once more …
These people belonged to the type of True Gods who were extremely vicious and evil in the Divine Territory. They were also extremely powerful, but that didn't mean that they really had no scruples.
Back then, they had offended Gu Bei, which was why they were locked up in this dungeon. After spending countless years in this dungeon without seeing the light of day, they were afraid of being locked up!
Gu Bei was considered one of the more benevolent Sages. Some Sages would not imprison them, and would usually kill them directly!
Now that Luo Zheng had ordered them to deal with three of Mu Haiji's disciples, they would definitely suffer Mu Haiji's vengeance. Even if they returned to God's Domain, they would most likely be hunted down by the All Saints. Mu Haiji was definitely an existence they couldn't afford to offend.
"Change your request, kid! Everything else, everything you want, everything you want, I'll give it all to you! "
"Yes, come cultivate my Path of Extreme Evil and become my disciple. I'll definitely make you famous in God's Domain!"
"Hmph, the Devouring Sky Technique is your first choice."
"My Path of Extreme Evil …"
The two people in the dungeon actually wanted to take him in as a disciple.
From their point of view, although Luo Zheng controlled Gu Bei's immortal residence, he was still a Realm Lord. With their strength, taking Luo Zheng in as a disciple was more than enough.
Seeing the Extreme Evil Old Man and the "Big Mouth Monster" arguing in the dungeon, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a fierce light. He shouted, "Stop arguing."
Although Luo Zheng controlled the freedom of these people, this group of people obviously did not put Luo Zheng in their eyes. Luo Zheng suddenly shouted. Whether it was the people in the dungeon or the long-haired man in the dungeon, they were all stunned.
"My master is the North Sage. Do you all think you're stronger than the North Sage?" Luo Zheng said coldly.
"North Sage? Gu Bei took in another disciple? "
"Didn't he say he didn't take in any disciples!"
"Kid, where did you come from? You actually managed to become Gu Bei's disciple!"
This group of people was extremely fearful of Gu Bei, but at the same time, they worshipped him. They didn't think that Luo Zheng would be taken in as a disciple by Gu Bei.
Luo Zheng didn't want to use Gu Bei's identity to suppress them, but there was no use in dealing with this group of villains. Revealing his identity now was also a form of demonstration.
"I said, help me kill those three True Gods, and I'll immediately release you. There's no need to talk about other conditions. I don't need you to give me anything," Luo Zheng said.
After a while, the old voice in the dungeon transmitted, "Since it's like this, this old man can only reluctantly take action!"
Although Mu Haiji wasn't someone to be trifled with, it was still better than being locked up here forever. Their lifespan was unlimited, and they could live for a long time, but such a boring life was worse than death!
However, although these people agreed, Luo Zheng didn't know what they were thinking. Once they were released, Luo Zheng would lose control.
"Before I release you, swear on your Inner Demons that you will listen to my orders for the rest of your life. If you disobey, you will die from the backlash of your Inner Demons!" Luo Zheng said again at this moment.
Hearing this, the long-haired man frowned slightly, and a dissatisfied voice transmitted from the dungeon again.
The restriction of the Inner Demons was very strange. The higher the cultivation, the stronger the restriction. Many low level warriors swore on their Inner Demons, but it had almost no effect. However, after cultivating to the Life and Death Realm, the influence of the state of mind on the warrior would become greater and greater. Just like the Great Wish Technique, it was also a kind of Inner Demon Oath.
"Isn't your request a bit too much?" A faint voice transmitted from the dungeon again. Luo Zheng had never heard this voice before, and he didn't know how many people were locked up in the dungeon.
"Yes, we can swear on our Inner Demons to help you kill Mu Tian, Mu Jiu, and Mu Han, but we don't need to listen to your orders!" The old voice immediately said.
Listening to Luo Zheng's orders was equivalent to following Luo Zheng's orders. These people were well-known characters in the Realm of the Gods, so how could they be willing to be restricted like this? Moreover, the other party was a youth with a skeletal age of less than a hundred years!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, "Then there's no other way. Since everyone can't come to an agreement, there's no need to continue talking!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng turned around and left.
He was very clear about his bargaining chips, and these people were almost unable to refuse his conditions.
Moreover, if these people weren't willing to swear on their Inner Demons, even if they killed Mu Hai, Mu Jiu, and Mu Tian, they would still ultimately devour him!
Seeing Luo Zheng quickly walk away, the long-haired man suddenly stood up, "I, Zhan Beihai, swear on my Inner Demons that I will listen to your orders for the rest of my life. If I violate them, I will die from the backlash of my Inner Demons!"
After the long-haired man said this, Luo Zheng's footsteps suddenly stopped. He then turned his head and smiled at the long-haired man, "I'll let you go for now."
After saying this, Luo Zheng walked towards the long-haired man and activated the "Qian" Token in his hand. Soon after, a faint gray light shot out from the token!
"Whoosh!"
When the Immortal Essence Chain came into contact with the gray light, the entire chain's buckle cracked layer by layer and disappeared from his hand.
"Senior Zhan, since you've sworn on your Inner Demons, then follow me," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
The moment the Immortal Essence Chain broke, the long-haired man suddenly moved his muscles and bones. Soon after, he rushed out with a "whoosh" and actually started running wildly in the backyard. His face revealed a deranged expression!
"Hahahaha, I'm finally free! You've locked me up for so many years! " Zhan Beihai's face was full of ecstasy and excitement. As he ran, the bones all over his body crackled, and he looked very satisfied.
As for the old guys in the dungeon, when they heard this, they could only be envious and jealous. They didn't want to miss this opportunity, but they also didn't want to swear such a serious Inner Demons oath!
＝＝＝＝＝