Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.12

Chapter 1101
To be able to become a Temple Master in a tenth-grade Holy Land, Temple Master Shen was definitely a shrewd person.
He knew very well what it meant for a Temple Master of a Heavenly Palace to take Luo Zheng away.
He didn't have the ability to inquire about the secrets, nor could he speculate, but he didn't need to know!
He only needed to know that it was a Temple Master of a Heavenly Palace who took Luo Zheng away, and that she was the daughter of a Celestial Master. When that woman came here, even the Realm Master of the Spiritual Realm had to appear in person! The 36 Temple Masters didn't even have the chance to appear.
At first, Temple Master Shen thought that Luo Zheng might have some good background in the Holy Land. It was also because of the Holy Lord's personal order that they brought Luo Zheng all the way to the Holy Land.
But no matter how they guessed, they didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be taken directly to the Heavenly Palace by Yun Luo …
Such a background made Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He really scared for a while. They even carefully recalled whether they had taken care of Luo Zheng during their journey.
Now, Luo Zheng had returned to the Lingwu Holy Land!
That was a journey across more than a thousand big worlds. Even for Temple Master Shen, it was extremely difficult to cross more than a thousand big worlds. He was afraid that he would have to spend all his family's property and spend a lot of time.
Luo Zheng had crossed more than a thousand big worlds to leave, and then crossed more than a thousand big worlds to come back …
This was something that even Luo Zheng did not realize. Among the many martial artists, this was absolutely a magnificent feat! At least in the Divine Sea Realm, there weren't many warriors who could cross so many big worlds. Only the top geniuses of each big world had such resources and ability.
Temple Master Shen glanced around and recognized the Heavenly Luan Horse behind Luo Zheng. As for the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand, although he couldn't tell the origin of it, it wasn't difficult for him to recognize it as a first-grade divine weapon with his knowledge. Judging from the faint aura of the Law transmitted from the sword, it was outstanding even among first-grade divine weapons.
If it was an ordinary person leading a Heavenly Luan Horse and holding a First Grade Divine Tool, Hall Master Shen might really want to kill him and rob him of his treasures. After all, he, Hall Master Shen, might not be able to obtain even one of these treasures in his lifetime. However, Luo Zheng … he didn't dare to act blindly without thinking.
Not only did he not dare to act rashly, he even destroyed Mu Jinglun's essence blood with a raise of his hand, refining it into a piece of essence blood and essence soul.
Then, with an apologetic expression, he presented the Blood Essence and Soul Essence to Luo Zheng. "This person cultivates the 'Dark Blood Art', which is to extract all of his Blood Essence and reconstruct a new body. However, I'm afraid it's impossible for him to reconstruct a second body. This Blood Essence and Soul Essence is a great supplement. Please accept it, Young Hero Luo Zheng."
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the Blood Essence and Soul Essence. These things didn't have much meaning to Luo Zheng, but he didn't refuse. After receiving it from Hall Master Shen, he passed it to Mu Mingxue. "Your uncle is still your closest relative after all. You should accept this Blood Essence and Soul Essence yourself."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Mingxue's body lightly trembled. When her uncle attracted Hall Master Shen, she had once again fallen into despair.
In this short period of time, she had seen hope from despair, then fell into despair, and then saw hope again … Her state of mind had experienced several great ups and downs.
What was even more unexpected was that Hall Master Shen was actually so polite to Luo Zheng after arriving. She could even see the eagerness in his eyes. Then, with a raise of his hand, he directly destroyed her uncle's Blood Essence and Soul Essence just to apologize to Luo Zheng.
What kind of person was this Luo Zheng?
A year's time wasn't a long time for a warrior, but for Mu Mingxue, it was almost like yesterday.
When they were in the Ascension Well, Mu Mingxue spoke with fervor and assurance, while Luo Zheng was immersed in a tranquil expression, not saying a word. Then, it didn't take long for him to adapt to the World's Origin Qi in the Upper Realm …
Those who walked through the Ascension Passage were undoubtedly ascenders. However, the majority of those who ascended at the same time as Luo Zheng were still mining in the mines. She, Mu Mingxue, was able to leave early, so she could still be considered a lucky ascender. However, Luo Zheng already had such a status!
Mu Mingxue couldn't figure out what had happened to Luo Zheng in just a year's time.
After receiving the Blood Essence and Soul Essence from Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue didn't absorb them. Mu Jinglun was her uncle, and this Blood Essence and Soul Essence were very beneficial to a warrior's vitality. However, she wouldn't go so far as to absorb her uncle's Blood Essence and Soul Essence. With a flip of her hand, she stored the Blood Essence and Soul Essence into her spatial ring.
With a smile on his face, Hall Master Shen continued, "Since Young Hero Luo Zheng has come to our Spirit Martial Holy Land, why not come to my Hall for a chat?"
The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces would certainly bear heavy responsibilities in the Alliance in the future. Although this might be a matter of the distant future, Hall Master Shen was very clear that this kind of opportunity wasn't available to everyone.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse Hall Master Shen's invitation. He had a lot of time on this trip to the Sifting Yin World.
Therefore, Luo Zheng and Hall Master Shen left Huatian City together. As for Mu Mingxue, she sat on the Heavenly Luan Horse in a daze. Her eyes were constantly flashing, but she still hadn't come back to her senses.
Hall Master Shen was in charge of the Spirit Martial Holy Land's Xu Hua Palace. This Xu Hua Palace was built in another large city. Although this large city couldn't be compared with the Spirit Martial Holy Land's Saint City, it wasn't small either.
After entering the palace, Hall Master Shen treated Luo Zheng with the highest level of hospitality. Mu Mingxue next to him felt as if she was in a dream from beginning to end.
She was also a "Spirit Sea Realm expert" who had a lot of experience in the Lower Realm. However, when she came to the Upper Realm, she realized her own insignificance. The City Lord of a city was an extremely powerful existence in Mu Mingxue's heart. Hall Master Shen controlled a thousand cities. In Mu Mingxue's heart, he was a supreme existence.
As for the Holy Land's Saint Lords, Realm Lords, and even Heavenly Venerables … To Mu Mingxue, these legendary existences were like the villagers discussing the emperor. This kind of gap couldn't be bridged in terms of knowledge, so she didn't think about it. In other words, if a Heavenly Venerate appeared in front of Mu Mingxue, in her opinion, she would have the same reaction as Hall Master Shen!
Now, Hall Master Shen was personally treating her with great hospitality. The exquisite ingredients laid out in front of her were almost all Heavenly Treasures. For example, the "Red Silk Fruit", the "Blue Sea Wine", and the milky yellow "Emperor Physique Paste" exuding a delicate fragrance. In the Lower Realm, these were the most precious treasures. They must be refined into pills to display their greatest medicinal efficacy!
But in this place, they were just dishes on a plate.
This was a complete waste …
In order to not be so wasteful, Mu Mingxue didn't care about her table manners. She gorged herself. To put it bluntly, it could be called wolfing down the food.
However, none of the Divine Sea Realm maids in the main hall dared to laugh at Mu Mingxue. They didn't even look at her with disdain!
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were both at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm. Their cultivations weren't even comparable to those dancing and singing maids. But how could their Hall Master's guests be ordinary people? In this kind of situation, who would dare to show the slightest bit of disdain?
As for Luo Zheng, he didn't wolf down the food like Mu Mingxue. After entering the Thirteen Palaces, Luo Zheng understood that starting from the Divine Sea Realm, every step he took wasn't just dependent on his own talent. It also required a large amount of resources.
And those resources weren't the same as the food in front of him. The resources he needed might not be enough even if he emptied several tenth-rank Holy Lands.
"Young Hero Luo Zheng had already gone to the Thirteen Palaces. Why did you appear in our Holy Land of Spiritual Items?" At this moment, Hall Master Shen finally threw out his doubts. "If I remember correctly, the Misty Clouds Palace is 1,320 worlds away from our Spirit Channeling World …"
Luo Zheng knew that Hall Master Shen would ask such a question. He smiled faintly and said, "I can't stay in the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace and cultivate all the time. Even the Heavenly Palace's warriors have to go out and train. I just happen to have an appointment with someone to go to the Sifting Yin World.
He didn't need to hide his movements, so he didn't hide anything.
As for Mu Mingxue, her eyelashes trembled slightly. What did it mean to have more than 1,000 worlds?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1102
Mu Mingxue had only heard of this great world. It was so big that it was hard for her to imagine.
If a Divine Sea Realm martial artist wanted to jump out of a great world, just the cost of traveling through the spatial passageway would probably consume all of their savings …
If one didn't use the spatial passageway, just traversing the Lingwu Holy Land would take a considerable amount of time!
But this Luo Zheng had traveled more than a thousand great worlds? And then … traveled back? This was a little …
She didn't know what the 13 Sky Palaces were, but Mu Mingxue seemed to gradually understand what kind of background Luo Zheng had. But why would a guy with such a background ascend with her and stay in the mine to mine?
She didn't know how to explain these contradictions.
Although Luo Zheng spoke frankly, Hall Master Shen wouldn't probe too deeply into Luo Zheng's real purpose.
As the two chatted, Hall Master Shen changed the topic and asked Mu Mingxue, "This girl is Mu Jinglun's niece and also an Ascender of our Lingwu Holy Land. What plans do you have for the future?"
Hall Master Shen's mind was also extremely sharp. In his opinion, this Mu Mingxue seemed to have a good relationship with Luo Zheng. But from this conversation, Hall Master Shen already understood that Luo Zheng was just passing by and saved this girl. He probably wouldn't bring this Mu Mingxue with him to the Gathering Yin World. Therefore, he took the initiative to mention this to help Luo Zheng arrange this girl's whereabouts.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. This Hall Master Shen was a person who considered a lot, but Luo Zheng didn't say anything. His relationship with Mu Mingxue hadn't reached that stage. This rescue was purely on the account of their previous acquaintance.
This was Hall Master Shen's initiative to ask her this. Mu Mingxue suddenly became a little nervous. "Do, plan …"
What plan could she have?
She went to seek refuge with her own uncle, but in the end, not only did her uncle not help her at all, he even wanted to give her to someone else as a cultivation vessel. Now that her uncle was dead, she didn't have time to plan for her future. Hearing Hall Master Shen suddenly ask her, she didn't know how to answer.
Unexpectedly, Hall Master Shen smiled faintly and said, "How about I help you apply to enter the Lingwu Holy Land's Myriad Spirit Martial Hall to gain experience? When you return in the future, you can also take over the position of a City Lord. I can keep the position of City Lord of Hua Tian City for you. What do you think?"
"Myriad Spirit Martial Hall … City Lord of City Lord …"
Mu Mingxue was stunned. Since she wasn't mentally prepared, she was still in a daze when she heard Hall Master Shen's words.
Enter the Myriad Martial hall to cultivate? And then take over the position of City lord of the City lord of Hua city …
That kind of joy was indescribable. To Mu Mingxue, this was an unimaginably good thing, but did it happen to her so easily?
And all of this was because of the man not far from her!
At that time, Mu Mingxue persuaded Luo Zheng to leave the mine and seek refuge with her uncle. Now that she thought about it, it was so laughable …
Luo Zheng still had a smile on his face. Together with Hall Master Shen, he looked at Mu Mingxue. It was indeed not convenient for him to bring Mu Mingxue into the Yin Sifting World. The process of exploring the Yin Sifting World's secret treasures would not be easy.
Since Hall Master Shen took the initiative to propose such a generous condition, Mu Mingxue should agree.
Mu Mingxue's eyelashes trembled constantly, and there was a faint light of excitement in her eyes. However, that light suddenly flashed, as if she had made a big decision.
"Honorable Hall Master, can I choose to refuse?" Mu Mingxue suddenly opened her mouth and said.
When these words came out, Luo Zheng and Hall Master Shen were both stunned. They didn't expect Mu Mingxue to refuse.
Hall Master Shen continued to ask, "I don't know why you refuse?"
Mu Mingxue suddenly stood up and walked towards Luo Zheng. She seemed to have made up her mind and knelt down in front of Luo Zheng. "Young Master Luo has saved my life. I, Mu Mingxue, have no way to repay you. I can only stay by your side. I will not complain even if I become your servant!"
Her expression, however, was extremely serious …
At this time, Hall Master Shen's eyes suddenly flashed, and he secretly praised in his heart. This woman was smart!
She naturally saw the crux of the matter. She had given Mu Mingxue everything because of Luo Zheng. If she could follow Luo Zheng, all that she had received today would be trivial!
However, Hall Master Shen's guess of Mu Mingxue's thoughts was only half correct. Mu Mingxue wanted to stay by Luo Zheng's side to seek greater benefits, but she didn't know what she was seeking. However, after receiving Luo Zheng's kindness, her thoughts had fluctuated greatly and she had long since made this decision.
Mu Mingxue didn't have anything. Even the few treasures she had wouldn't be able to catch Luo Zheng's eye. Therefore, after hesitating over and over again, she bravely refused the things promised by Hall Master Shen and made this shocking move.
This made things difficult for Luo Zheng.
At this time, Hall Master Shen wasn't in a position to say anything. He only had a smile on his face. It was better to let Luo Zheng handle this matter himself.
Mu Mingxue's expression was very serious. She had already made up her mind. Naturally, she wasn't joking around.
After hesitating for a while, Luo Zheng helped Mu Mingxue up and said with a smile, "There's no need to mention anything about being a slave or a maid. If you are willing to follow me, you have to be prepared to risk your life."
Luo Zheng had been wandering the world for a long time. He didn't need a maid to take care of him. However, when he saw Mu Mingxue's serious expression, Luo Zheng couldn't bear to refuse her.
However, if there was any danger, he could just stuff Mu Mingxue into the immortal mansion. After all, Luo Zheng had the "Gen" token in his hand. He could use this token to return to the immortal mansion at any time.
Luo Zheng's words were very clear. It meant that he agreed. Mu Mingxue's face revealed a smile. She didn't know if her choice was correct. However, when she was in the lower realm, Mu Mingxue had told herself that ascending to the upper realm wasn't to pursue the path of comfort. Otherwise, staying in the lower realm would be the best choice.
After all, such a large world was enough to accommodate a Divine Sea Realm warrior like her. In that world, countless creatures bowed their heads. She would always be a high and mighty existence.
After ascending to the upper realm, she would be nothing. Everything would be like starting from scratch. If she only pursued stability and comfort, then what was the point of ascending?
Luo Zheng stayed at Hall Master Shen's place for more than half a month.
Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this time. He cultivated diligently.
Other than cultivating, he was still reflecting on the God Yi Sword he had slashed out.
He was still unable to comprehend the most exquisite part of the God Yi Sword. Perhaps if he was unable to sever his emotions, he would never be able to unleash that sword strike!
But Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian was able to perfectly unleash it?
Luo Zheng comparing himself to an Empyrean powerhouse like this, it couldn't be said that he was overestimating himself.
This was because he had already roughly guessed the secret of the God Yi Sword.
In the legends of the upper realm, severing one's emotions meant becoming a god!
It was said that the few Empyreans who were able to jump out of the Heavenly Dao were able to successfully sever their emotions and pass through a layer of divinity for themselves. Only then did they have the qualifications to become a True God.
And this Dao of Severing Emotions was the problem that troubled all the Empyreans.
Just like those old monsters who were cursing each other in the universe, all of them had fiery tempers. How could they see the slightest sign of severing their emotions?
Those few Empyreans were powerful, but even if they spent countless years of their lives, it would still be difficult for them to successfully sever their emotions …
And this Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian had not become a True God back then!
However, this sword strike was qualified to play against a True God. Legend had it that he had even injured a True God before, and there was only one explanation for this. The Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian's God Yi Sword was unleashed under the state of severing his emotions. However, the Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian was not able to completely sever his emotions. If he had completely severed his emotions, he would have already transformed into a True God and stepped into an even higher level.

Chapter 1103
For the next few days, Luo Zheng had been thinking hard.
He wasn't familiar with Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign. He only knew that he was the master of the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
Back then, when he was still a Xiantian lifeform, he had stepped into the Slaughter Sword Mountain once after comprehending the perfect sword intent. Now, he understood that the sword stabbed into the highest point of the Slaughter Sword Mountain should be the sword of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, which was the white sword image in front of the huge boulder.
Could it be that to use Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's sword, he needed Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's own sword?
As soon as this thought appeared, Luo Zheng rejected it. The Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's sword contained a kind of understanding of divinity. The biggest problem came from his own state of mind.
If he completely comprehended it, he would be able to use a blade of grass in his hand to unleash terrifying power. Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's two-foot sword was an extremely sharp treasure, but in the end, it was only the icing on the cake.
On this day, Luo Zheng was still thinking about these things. Mu Mingxue had already tidied up, and he planned to go on his way.
"Right now, we're here in the Spirit Martial Holy Land," Mu Mingxue said, and poured her true essence into a jade slip. In the blink of an eye, a huge map appeared around the two of them.
This jade slip contained a Two-Star Divine Imprint, and could be used to draw a map within it. This display of the map was both direct and convenient.
On this map, Mu Mingxue carefully marked out their current location, which was the location of the Xu Hua Palace.
"I've already understood the entire Spirit World in detail, as well as the location of the Asura Yin World. We'll go through this spatial passage, and it'll be the closest to the great world passage. Then, we'll go all the way north, and it'll be the cross-realm passage …" Mu Mingxue said seriously. "Strictly speaking, the Asura Yin World doesn't belong to the Alliance. In fact, although that great world is close to the Alliance, there are a variety of races gathered there. The strongest races, aside from the human race, are the Yao Night Clan and the demon race …"
Even Luo Zheng was a little stunned when he heard this string of words.
"Did you gather all this information in the past few days?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mu Mingxue nodded and said, "In Xu Hua Palace, it's not difficult to ask people about these things …"
Previously, she knew nothing about these matters. She didn't even know which great realms were adjacent to the Spirit Channeling World, or how many tenth rank holy lands were there.
However, after Luo Zheng agreed to follow her, he had made sufficient preparations. It might be difficult to obtain this information in an ordinary city, but it was not difficult to find it in the Xu Hua Palace.
Luo Zheng realized that agreeing to let Mu Mingxue follow him was not a bad thing.
This woman's personality was extremely serious. She had meticulously organized all these things. Indeed, it was better to be prepared.
After everything was prepared, Luo Zheng bid farewell to Palace Master Shen.
As the Heavenly Luan Horse neighed, it carried Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue and soared into the sky. Not long after, the two of them turned into the transportation channel and went straight to the great realm passage.
The Heavenly Luan Horse's speed would become faster with the passage of time, so it was suitable for long-distance travel. The time it took to cross a great realm was not as fast as imagined …
Not long after, the two of them crossed a great realm. Then, they left the transportation channel and opened the map again to compare their location. The location that Ai Hu had marked seemed to be the center of the Gathering Yin World.
When Luo Zheng's finger pointed there, Mu Mingxue immediately said, "In the center of the Gathering Yin World is a big city called Zeji City. It is a city of trade, also known as the City of a Hundred Races. It is said that several races have stations to trade with each other. It is quite famous even in the Alliance. It accommodates creatures from over a hundred races, and more than …"
Mu Mingxue seemed to have memorized the information word by word. For warriors, a photographic memory was a basic ability. However, Mu Mingxue's thorough preparation still made Luo Zheng somewhat stunned.
"The three most famous auction houses are hosted by the three great races …" Seeing Luo Zheng staring at her in a daze, Mu Mingxue was halfway through her recitation when she could not continue. Instead, she stuck out her tongue in embarrassment and said, "Anyway, since Young Master Luo wants to go there, we'll just hurry over."
Luo Zheng nodded, but there was a trace of doubt in his heart.
He originally thought that the Gathering Yin World's secret treasures were, after all, outside the wilderness, a place where people rarely went. However, how lively was this city of trade? Why did Ai Hu want to meet here?
Perhaps, it was just an agreement to meet here?
No matter what, he had to go to Zeji City first.
Shuttling through the great realm's passageway, they soon arrived at their destination, which was also known as the City of a Hundred Races, Zeji City.
As soon as he left the transmission channel, he was greeted by several creatures the size of small mountains. They were the burly Demon Race cultivators!
Luo Zheng was no stranger to the Demon Race warriors. On the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had many confrontations with this race.
The Demon Race was an extremely aggressive race. Even in the Upper Realm, they had formed enmity with many races. Their relationship with the Human Race was not good. Both sides were at war.
However, the situation in the Upper Realm was more complicated. Not only did the Human Race have an alliance, but there were also two other major forces. The Demon Race was also divided into several major forces. The relationship between them was very complicated.
Although it was inevitable that there would be friction between the races, Luo Zheng did not feel any hostility in this Trade City.
After all, this was not the Sea God Continent. On that chaotic continent, all races were fighting for the right to survive and suppressing other opponents.
The Gathering Yin World was very complicated to begin with. As a great realm that connected several major races, the purpose of everyone staying here was to trade. In other words, to do business, they paid particular attention to harmony and wealth. It was not worthwhile to indiscriminately fight to the death when seeing a foreign race.
Of course, it might not work in another place. For example, right now, the Human Race and Demon Race seemed to be at war in some great realm, fighting to the death …
After entering Zeji City, Luo Zheng forcibly stuffed the Heavenly Luan Horse into the Spirit Beast Pouch.
This was no longer the territory of the Human Race. What's more, even if it was the Human Race, that Mu Jinglun vainly tried to kill him and take away the Heavenly Luan Horse. If he rode the Heavenly Luan Horse through Zeji City, it would be too ostentatious. This was not a good thing.
According to the direction marked by Ai Hu, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue passed through Zeji City.
Like the Holy City of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, thin lines were carved in the air with divine runes. All the creatures here flew in an orderly manner according to the thin lines.
After traveling like this for half an hour, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue landed.
At this moment, a magnificent building appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was a large circular building supported by hundreds of huge stone pillars. A special circular rune was drawn in front of this building.
In front of the building's main entrance, there was a steady stream of cultivators coming in and out, but the majority were human cultivators.
"What … is this?" Luo Zheng asked almost subconsciously this time.
As soon as he asked, Mu Mingxue's face revealed a trace of panic. Although she had a thorough understanding of the Sifting Yin World, it was impossible for her to understand everything in the entire Sifting Yin World in such a short time. Moreover, this was only a building in one of the major cities. Just the Sifting Yin World alone had millions of cities of this scale.
Noticing Mu Mingxue's panic, Luo Zheng laughed involuntarily. This Mu Mingxue seemed to be too serious. Being serious was an advantage, but there was no need to be too serious. He was just casually asking.
"It's okay, I'll go ask around and find out," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Mu Mingxue shook her head, "I'll go …"
However, at this moment, a cultivator in a white robe came out from the side and said to Luo Zheng, "Friend, if you want to go in, I can show you around!"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious look, and Mu Mingxue asked, "Where is this place?"
The cultivator's face revealed a proud look, "This is the Zhao Wu Secret Sect, you … don't know?"

Chapter 1104
The white-robed man nodded, "My Zhaowu Secret Sect is the largest secret sect in the human race. I wonder if Your Excellency is interested in joining us?"
Mu Mingxue stood beside Luo Zheng. Her eyes under her thick eyelashes were filled with curiosity.
She was also an Ascender, but her understanding of the Upper Realm was not as much as Luo Zheng's. Previously, she only took the initiative to understand Luo Zheng's destination, which was why she was able to answer him fluently. She had never studied secret sects, so naturally, she had no idea what they were.
Hearing the white-robed man's invitation, Luo Zheng did not directly answer.
The white-robed man did not force Luo Zheng. Instead, he sincerely invited Luo Zheng to enter and visit the secret sect.
After entering this magnificent building, Luo Zheng saw a dense crowd of people …
There were all kinds of people, and most of them were mortals without any cultivation base. From the elderly to the children who were less than ten years old, the huge square in this building could hold no less than a million people!
These people were spread out in circles. They were all prostrating themselves on the ground, muttering incantations as they kowtowed to the center of the square.
The closer the people were to the inner circle, the higher their cultivation base was. The outermost circle was made up of mortals, while the innermost circle had more than ten Divine Realm experts!
Luo Zheng's gaze finally fell on the center of the square. In the center, there was a circular transparent sphere. At the bottom of this transparent sphere was a third of a light green liquid.
When Luo Zheng looked at the sphere, he felt a faint soul pressure from it.
However, this soul pressure did not have any evil intentions. Of course, it did not have any good intentions either. It was purely emitting pressure.
"This … What is this?" Mu Mingxue took the initiative to ask this time.
The white-robed man suddenly spread out his hands. With a trace of fanaticism on his face, he said, "This is the object of our faith. It's our God, but it's still in its embryonic stage. As long as everyone is willing to dedicate their most sincere passion, our God will gradually grow and send down miracles to save all living beings …"
It was probably because he had repeated these words countless times. This time, when he said it, it was exceptionally smooth, a bit like how Mu Mingxue recited the map. However, this white-robed man's every gaze and action matched his words. He could unintentionally inspire people!
This effect might be more useful for mortals, or even warriors with a weak martial heart.
However, to Luo Zheng, it did not affect him at all. Even Mu Mingxue showed a disapproving look on her face …
At this moment, Xun's voice was transmitted faintly. "What a sanctimonious speech. It's just to collect the power of faith. The Original Sin Heavenly Lord spent a hundred thousand years relying on the power of faith of trillions of living beings to hatch a sword embryo. That sword is now ranked second on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele. Their appetite is not full. Now, they're playing the same trick. It seems that they want to hatch a second sword embryo!"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng suddenly remembered that Feng Nianyun had mentioned this to him before!
"In other words, the transparent sphere in the center of the square is actually a sword embryo?" Luo Zheng asked in his heart.
Xun shook her head and said, "This is not a sword embryo. It's just a container to collect the power of faith. The light green liquid in it is the power of faith that they have collected for countless years."
After hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng understood that the Zhao Wu Secret Sect probably had countless branches in the upper realm. The secret sect in front of him was just one of them.
The Zhao Wu Secret Sect recruited believers. If they could condense a sword embryo, they would be able to obtain a powerful super divine weapon. It was indeed a good idea …
Although Luo Zheng did not show any signs of interest, the white-robed man continued to talk about the power of the Zhao Wu Secret Sect and the various benefits of joining the Zhao Wu Secret Sect.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his Spirit Beast Pouch move slightly.
The space in the Spirit Beast Pouch was not small. Even if the Heavenly Luan Horse and the Ancestral Dragon stayed together, it would not be crowded at all. What was the little guy inside doing?
Luo Zheng released a wisp of his perception into the Spirit Beast Pouch to explore the space inside.
After investigating, he found that the Ancestral Dragon was actually bumping around in the Spirit Beast Pouch. It seemed to want to rush out of the Spirit Beast Pouch. Its actions were very barbaric. It directly used its small head to hit the edge of the space in the Spirit Beast Pouch.
As for the Heavenly Luan Horse, it seemed to be very afraid of the Ancestral Dragon. It kept a certain distance from the Ancestral Dragon and stared at the crazy Ancestral Dragon vigilantly.
"Be quiet. Now is not the time to come out." Luo Zheng tried to communicate with the Ancestral Dragon in the Spirit Beast Pouch.
Although the Ancestral Dragon was born not long ago, it was still quite obedient. After all, in the Ancestral Dragon's heart, Luo Zheng was its mother.
However, today, the Ancestral Dragon was not willing to give up. It kept bumping into the Spirit Beast Pouch …
At this moment, Qinglong said faintly, "The Ancestral Dragon has sensed its food."
"Food?" Luo Zheng was stunned. "What's this guy's food?"
As for what the Ancestral Dragon liked to eat, Luo Zheng had no idea. Back then, the Ancestral Dragon seemed to especially like to devour the dishes made by Xi Youqin. Other than that, it didn't seem to need to devour food.
Luo Zheng had asked Qinglong this question before. Was it possible that this little guy needed to devour the power of laws to grow?
However, Qinglong didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. He only told Luo Zheng that the Ancestral Dragon did have its own food. However, Luo Zheng couldn't get it in a short time. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't care about it anymore. In any case, this little guy didn't seem to starve to death without eating.
Now, Qinglong said that the Ancestral Dragon had found its food?
According to Feng Nianyun, the Ancestral Dragon was also an object of faith. Luo Zheng followed this train of thought and asked, "Could it be that its food … is the power of faith?"
"Hehe, you're right. Only by devouring the power of faith can the Ancestral Dragon truly grow," Qinglong replied, nodding his head.
Luo Zheng finally understood why the Ancestral Dragon would have such a reaction when it entered the secret religion. It turned out that the power of faith was the necessary food for the Ancestral Dragon to grow.
"But, we can't let this little guy devour it now, right?" Luo Zheng's face was flushed with shame.
This was a temple of the Zhao Wu secret religion. It was impossible that there weren't any powerhouses here. Among the millions of fanatical believers in front of him, there were many powerhouses. The innermost circle was surrounded by several ultimate Divine Realm powerhouses. There should be even more powerful existences in this secret religion.
At this time, Qinglong said, "Actually, with the Ancestral Dragon's current strength, ordinary warriors can't hurt it. If you let it out, it should have its own way to devour the power of faith."
The Ancestral Dragon's current strength was indeed not very strong, but it had the talent of being immune to all Origin Laws. It was not easy to hurt it or catch it by other means.
But of course, Luo Zheng couldn't release the Ancestral Dragon to devour the power of faith under the watchful eyes of everyone. The power of faith in the sphere in front of him had been gathered for many years. It was impossible for the sphere to be taken away in a short period of time. If he really wanted to help the Ancestral Dragon take away the power of faith, he should think about it carefully. At least, he should observe for a while and find an opportunity to do so …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng prepared to leave first.
But what he didn't expect was that just as he was about to leave with Mu Mingxue, the white-robed warrior who had been talking non-stop suddenly changed his expression. He instantly stood in front of Luo Zheng and said with a pleasant expression, "Friend, since you have visited our Zhao Wu secret religion, why don't you join our secret religion? If you join the Zhao Wu secret religion, you can get unimaginable benefits! "
Luo Zheng calmly replied, "I don't need any benefits."
"Friend, having a faith can purify your heart and will be greatly beneficial to you," the white-robed warrior continued to speak with a smile.
"I don't need any benefits, do you understand?" Luo Zheng calmly looked at the warrior.
Unexpectedly, the white-robed warrior said, "Everyone in Zeji City knows that there are only two choices for entering our Zhao Wu secret religion's temple. You can either lie down and leave or kneel in the plaza … Look, even the Yao Ye clansmen who originally believed in the Yao Ye clan's king had no choice but to join our Zhao Wu secret religion!"
After speaking, he pointed to the plaza, where there were a few Yao Ye clansmen.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1105
Luo Zheng had seen the faith of the Demon Night Clan. For the entire Demon Night Clan, the only faith they had was the three kings, namely "Xun", "Yao", and another king.
Whether it was the Upper Realm or the Lower Realm, this was the case in every Holy Land of the Demon Night Clan.
It was quite difficult to change a person's faith.
What's more, from the moment the Demon Night Clan was born, they would be baptized by the king's statue. Their faith was engraved in their bones. The fact that the Zhao Wu Secret Religion had recruited several members of the Demon Night Clan was most likely due to coercion.
Seeing Luo Zheng's pondering expression, the white-robed cultivator's smile faded bit by bit. "Do you want me to be more straightforward?"
"It seems that I can't refuse?" Luo Zheng suddenly said with a smile.
The white-robed cultivator revealed a gratified expression. "Your perception is not bad. You should be able to become a good believer. God will definitely protect …"
Before he could finish speaking, Luo Zheng directly said, "I refuse."
The white-robed cultivator's expression suddenly froze. He stared at Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Do you know what it means to refuse?"
"I don't know." Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. "But I don't want to waste my time here to forge a sword embryo for some Empyrean …"
The matter of the Zhao Wu Secret Religion forging sword embryos was not a secret, but only to the top figures of the Upper Realm. However, in the name of "God", the Zhao Wu Secret Religion had still managed to recruit a large number of believers. After all, in the eyes of many people, Empyrean powerhouses were no different from Gods!
However, Luo Zheng's bluntness had violated a great taboo here. The white-robed cultivator's face was gloomy, and the corners of his mouth curled up into a sneer. He gently waved his hand, and several rays of light suddenly flew out from the upper level of the temple. These rays of light wrapped around several guards wearing golden armor.
"Capture this bastard who slandered our God. We will use the Scarlet Serpent Fire to burn him to death …" The white-robed cultivator commanded the guards to besiege Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was somewhat depressed. He did not know what kind of morality this Secret Sect had. He had only come in to take a look, but now he could not leave …
With a flash of green light, a five-foot-long sword appeared in his hand. Then, a series of shadows burst out from the sword and rushed toward the golden-armored guards from different directions.
These golden-armored guards were only at the Life and Death realm, and their innate talent was not outstanding!
According to Youshen Shadow's strength, it would at least be able to delay an early Divine Sea realm martial artist for a short period of time. Facing a Life and Death realm martial artist, Youshen Shadow was more than enough to defeat them, or even kill them!
Luo Zheng didn't have a life and death grudge with them. Moreover, he had just entered Zeji City. It was impossible for him to indiscriminately kill the innocent. He just wanted to subdue these guys.
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the golden-armored warriors' bodies emitted a faint green light, blocking all of You Shenying's attacks. They were unharmed.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a hint of surprise. However, he did not hesitate. This place was not suitable for them to stay for long. He grabbed Mu Mingxue and said, "Let's go!"
"You won't be able to escape," the white-robed cultivator sneered. Then, with a shout, a large number of golden-armoured guards surrounded Luo Zheng. This time, no less than a hundred Life and Death Realm cultivators had been dispatched.
Facing the several golden-armored guards rushing toward him, Luo Zheng sneered. He casually slashed out with the sword in his hand, and an arc of sword light spread out!
"Peng peng peng …"
Luo Zheng's sword directly swept away a large number of golden-armored guards. However, the golden-armored guards emitted a green light, blocking Luo Zheng's sword light. They were unharmed!
That green light was actually so powerful?
After being swept away by Luo Zheng, the group of golden-armored guards crawled up from the ground and rushed toward Luo Zheng once again. Mu Mingxue's body flickered with a cold light as she faced the pincer attack of several golden-armored guards.
"Boom boom boom …"
A large number of golden-armored guards were blasted away by Luo Zheng. However, these golden-armored guards were like cockroaches that could not be killed. They once again swarmed toward Luo Zheng, blocking Luo Zheng's path.
At this moment, four agile golden-armored guards approached Luo Zheng. Two of them locked Luo Zheng's arms, while the other one grabbed his legs!
Under this kind of entanglement, Luo Zheng's face revealed an impatient expression. A hint of killing intent faintly emerged in his eyes.
"Scram!"
The power of the dragon scales surged. His body suddenly shook, and the four golden-armored guards were directly sent flying by Luo Zheng.
The powerful force directly passed through the light green light, shattering the internal organs of the golden-armored guards. Large mouthfuls of blood also gushed out.
Luo Zheng originally intended to intimidate the other golden-armored guards. However, he never expected that the other golden-armored guards would act as if they didn't hear him. Their faces flickered with fanaticism as they continued to swarm toward Luo Zheng like a golden sea of people, wanting to drown him.
These guys seemed to have lost their minds and were completely fearless of death.
He couldn't stay here any longer …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer held back. The power in his body skyrocketed again, and he flew forward like a raging bull. Waves of air swarmed out, and all the golden-armored guards who dared to approach Luo Zheng were all shaken away. As for Mu Mingxue, her figure flickered, and she followed closely behind Luo Zheng, running all the way out of the Lookout.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped out of the Lookout, his face once again revealed a surprised expression. All the golden-armored guards stopped and didn't intend to continue to entangle him. They just stood in place and stared blankly at Luo Zheng. This scene really made Luo Zheng feel very strange. These golden-armored guards seemed to be able to move only within the Lookout, and couldn't go beyond the Lookout.
The white-robed warrior strode forward and walked to the front of the Lookout. The smile on his face once again hung on his face, "You won't regret joining my Zhao Wu Secret Sect. It's not too late to turn back now."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, but smiled slightly, "I only know that I definitely won't regret it, and you will definitely regret it."
"What do you mean?" The white-robed warrior asked strangely.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and left with Mu Mingxue. These secret sects didn't seem to dare to go too far in Zeji City. After he rushed out of the Lookout with Mu Mingxue, those people didn't chase after them.
However, Luo Zheng wouldn't let this matter end so easily.
In the evening, Luo Zheng brought Mu Mingxue back to the side of the Lookout …
"Why did you come back here?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously. Those golden-armored guards had left a deep impression on Mu Mingxue. To be able to turn a cultivator into a puppet, they either had a slave imprint implanted in them or used some other means. Mu Mingxue did not wish to be taken into this secret sect and become a puppet with no thoughts of its own.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, but said, "There's a little guy that's hungry."
Mu Mingxue's face revealed a puzzled expression, and then she saw Luo Zheng pull out the little Ancestral Dragon from the Spirit Beast bag.
This little guy "Ga Gu" "Ga Gu" made two sounds, and its head tilted towards the side of the Lookout. Apparently, it smelled the smell of food, and constantly struggled in Luo Zheng's hands.
"This … what is this?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
The Ancestral Dragon's current appearance made it difficult for people to associate it with the True Dragon Ancestor. Mu Mingxue naturally didn't know the origin of this little guy.
Luo Zheng didn't answer Mu Mingxue's question, and just said to the Ancestral Dragon, "Go, but you have to be careful."
After saying that, Luo Zheng released his hand, and the Ancestral Dragon suddenly flashed, and directly sank into the ground, disappearing in front of the two people.
Since Luo Zheng didn't answer, Mu Mingxue also didn't ask in detail, but she knew that since Luo Zheng did this, he must have his own deep meaning …
In the huge square of the Lookout, every believer was chanting, crawling in the square, and contributing their own faith power.
They didn't know that the little Ancestral Dragon was moving rapidly underground, approaching the center of the square!

Chapter 1106
Millions of people prostrated themselves here, endlessly offering their power of faith. Even after spending a year, they could only condense a trace of power of faith.
Only one-third of the power of faith was collected in this sphere. Even so, this amount of power of faith was condensed by millions of people working day and night, devoutly worshipping it.
The Ancestral Gragon's body was now hidden in the stone pillar, slowly moving upwards.
After a while, it arrived at the top of the stone pillar. Above it was the container for collecting the power of faith, which was that sphere.
This container could bind the power of faith. It was also a special divine tool, but the Ancestral Gragon gently opened its mouth and bit down.
"Crack …"
A clear sound rang out from the center of the square.
The Ancestral Gragon directly bit the container from below, and the green power of faith was directly poured into its mouth.
The creatures in the square raised their heads one after another, and each and every one of them was stunned.
They were kneeling here devoutly, completely ignoring the outside world. Just like when Luo Zheng fought with the golden-armored guards during the day, no one was curious enough to take a second look. In their minds, the slightest distraction was blasphemy to God!
But now, their divine embryo … seemed to have been broken?
All the believers were dumbfounded …
In their minds, God represented everything, but how could the divine embryo be broken?
"Gulp, gulp …"
Immediately after, everyone heard the sound of water being swallowed, and the power of faith in the container was constantly decreasing at a visible speed.
"What is that?!"
"Someone is stealing our faith!"
"What the hell is that?!"
The warriors in the square were suddenly in a mess.
For these believers, the outside world was not important, but their faith was the most important thing. The green liquid in the sphere was the proof of their faith. It was the accumulation of millions of people for countless years, but it was completely devoured in an instant, and the square was suddenly in chaos!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Not only the believers, but the other experts in the temple were also alarmed. Several white-robed warriors flew out from the depths of the temple, and when they looked at the container, their faces were flustered and exasperated!
The power of faith that they had painstakingly accumulated for so many years had actually disappeared in an instant?
In fact, the guards in the entire Clear Martial Sacred Hall weren't particularly strict. Although the power of faith was very precious, no martial artist had nothing better to do. They wouldn't have any ideas about this power of faith because this power of faith was useless to martial artists!
Soon, they discovered that the believers were chasing after a strangely shaped creature.
The power of laws rumbled within, but even if a Divine Realm expert attacked, he was unable to cause any harm to the Ancestral Dragon. As the tiny Ancestral Dragon circled around, it faintly revealed a satisfied expression on its face. It was very obvious that it was extremely satisfied to be able to steal the power of faith and devour it …
........... s Mu Mingxue..................
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and shrugged, "Maybe some people have gone crazy. I don't know if the god they believe in will comfort them."
The commotion continued for a long time before it slowly stopped. A small crack suddenly appeared under Luo Zheng's feet, and the Ancestral Gragon's small body came out and jumped into Luo Zheng's arms. "Gugu, gugu …"
After devouring the power of faith, the Ancestral Gragon was in a very good mood.
The news of the Clear Martial Secret Sect's power of faith being stolen quickly spread.
The Clear Martial Secret Sect was not the only one in Zeji City. The human race originally had different secret sects that gathered believers and accumulated power of faith.
The power of faith was useless to ordinary warriors, but after accumulating a certain amount, it could be used to forge a peerless divine weapon. Therefore, other than the Demon Night Clan, the human race and other races used different methods to collect the power of faith. When the other secret sects heard that the Clear Martial Secret Sect's power of faith had been stolen, they gloated at their misfortune. However, in the following period of time, all the power of faith in Zeji City was robbed by the Ancestral Gragon.
In order to deal with the Ancestral Gragon, two secret sects hid the power of faith in extremely secret places and sent dozens of Divine Realm experts to guard it. However, they still could not avoid the Ancestral Gragon's keen sense of smell. In the end, they were unable to protect the power of faith.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng spent some top-grade True Origin Stones to purchase a mansion and settled down in Zeji City.
After the Ancestral Gragon devoured enough power of faith, he seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep again. No matter how much he was called, he would not wake up. He was as soft as a hibernating snake.
Qing Long told Luo Zheng that after the Ancestral Gragon had accumulated enough power of faith, he would complete his first transformation. After this transformation, he would look more like a dragon and not like a seahorse.
Several days later, Mu Mingxue returned from her trip.
She had been helping Luo Zheng gather information for the past few days. However, it was not about the human race or the demon race, but about the Demon Night Clan.
There were not many members of the Demon Night Clan in Zeji City. After all, they were not good at dealing with other races. However, if a race wanted to survive in a great world, it was unavoidable for them to trade with other races.
"In the Sifting Yin World, there is a tenth-grade Holy Land of the Demon Night Clan called the Purple Rainbow Holy Land."
"However, the Purple Rainbow Holy Land has less than 100,000 members of the Demon Night Clan in Zeji City."
"Most of them are gathered in the north of Zeji City …"
Luo Zheng had naturally gathered this information for Xun. After all, he had promised Xun that he would help her return to her throne.
Xun's plan was to gather a large amount of resources to help Luo Zheng, and to gather her former subordinates.
Luo Zheng had a Howling Command. If it was in the past, Xun would have been able to summon hundreds of members of the Demon Night Clan with her Howling Command. Even now, there were not many of her former subordinates who were willing to follow her, but there were definitely not a small number of them. However, it would be difficult to summon them openly through the Howling Command, so they could only gather them in secret.
After analyzing the information Mu Mingxue had gathered, Luo Zheng told Mu Mingxue to stay in his residence while he headed to the north of Zeji City by himself.
As Luo Zheng headed north, he saw more and more members of the Demon Night Clan in his surroundings. The style of the buildings here was completely different from the other parts of Zeji City.
The places where demons lived were relatively rough. They liked to build their buildings with blood-red Iron Flame Rock. Inside the black houses, there was a faint red flame surging, giving people a feeling of vigor. On the other hand, the buildings of the Human Race were very neat, horizontal and vertical. They were planned in a very orderly manner.
However, the northern part of Zeji City, where the Demon Night Clan lived, was covered in huge forests. The paths through which people could pass through were narrow, and even the paths were covered with roots. If one was not careful, they could trip over them.
If other clans entered this place, it might be a little troublesome. However, it was not a problem for the Demon Night Clan, who had lived on the Sacred Tree since birth.
However, other clans would not rashly enter the Demon Night Clan's territory. As a result, Luo Zheng's arrival attracted many surprised gazes from the Demon Night Clan.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had Smog as his guide. Under Smog's guidance, he quickly found the central area of the Demon Night Clan's territory. There was a 300-meter-tall tree there.
This was not the Demon Night Clan's sacred land, so it was naturally impossible for such a huge Sacred Tree to grow here. However, the appearance of such a huge tree in Zeji City was very unexpected.
Just as Luo Zheng approached, two members of the Demon Night Clan blocked his path. One of them, a woman from the Demon Night Clan, held a spear and pressed it against Luo Zheng's chest. "Stop, human!"
"Who are you looking for?" asked another woman from the Yao Night Clan.

Chapter 1107
The long spear in front of Luo Zheng exuded a sharp cold light, but his face was full of indifference.
Faced with the woman's question, he reached out and gently pinched the tip of the spear. Then, he smiled and said, "I'm not looking for anyone."
The woman from the Demon Night Clan didn't attack. Normally, they would only chase away the outsiders who accidentally entered this place. After all, they had been sent here by their holy land to trade with other races. If they killed people randomly, it wouldn't be good for their holy land.
"If you're not looking for anyone, then leave!" The woman from the Demon Night Clan warned him. She stared at Luo Zheng, but she had a strange feeling. This man didn't seem to be nervous at all.
They originally thought that after receiving a warning, this guy would obediently leave. However, they never expected that after Luo Gaozheng's finger moved the tip of the spear a little further, he continued to smile and said, "Do I have to leave just because I'm not looking for anyone?"
"Then you're courting death!"
This was the core of the Demon Night Clan's territory. These women were originally the guards here. How could they allow Luo Zheng to cause trouble here?
As soon as he finished speaking, the long spear in the woman's hand shot out along Luo Zheng's finger!
This woman was at the Divine Sea Realm. Coupled with the fact that she was holding the spear with both hands, how powerful was her spear?
However, she only managed to push it forward three inches!
After three inches, she couldn't push it any further!
Luo Zheng's fingers were gripping the tip of the spear tightly. It was as if he was holding onto an iron hoop!
The woman from the Fiend Night Clan had a look of disbelief on her face. She hadn't expected that this human cultivator would be able to block her spear with just two fingers!
Unwilling to accept this, she reached out and tried to grab the spear, but it didn't move at all …
This could only mean one thing. The difference in strength between them wasn't small at all!
"Huff, huff …"
The two women from the Demon Night Clan weren't here to watch the show. When they saw that their companion was at a disadvantage, the two of them leaped over Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng abruptly let go of the spear, took a step forward, and charged towards the tree!
"Stop him!"
One of the women from the Demon Night Clan shouted.
In the face of the fierce attacks from behind, Luo Zheng casually waved his hand and slapped away the two weapons that were close to him.
Even though Luo Zheng's expression was calm, his gaze was solemn. This was because Xun had reminded him more than once that this was the first and most crucial step in helping her take her revenge!
"Boom!"
A loud sound rang out as Luo Zheng's body smashed through a door. Wood shards of the tree's body covered the ground. At the same time, all of the cultivators from the Demon Night Clan were alerted.
"Someone has trespassed into the Ginkgo tower!"
"Stop him!"
"Let's just kill him!"
This tree was called the Ginkgo Tower by the people of the Yao Night Clan. It was a branch of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land in Zeji City.
Luo Zheng rushing in this time was equivalent to poking a hornet's nest!
However, many people from the Demon Night Clan were puzzled. Why did this human brat charge into the Luo Zheng Tower? What was he trying to do?
Even though they couldn't figure out what was going on, all of the cultivators from the Divine Ocean Realm and the Extreme Divine Realm surrounded Luo Zheng.
Three emerald green vines shot towards Luo Zheng. He took a step forward in the air, and his entire body shifted between the front and the back of the space, easily dodging the three arrows!
As soon as he left the back of the space, he was greeted by a saber that was taller than a person. It slashed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that once he was entangled in a fight, even if there were ten Luo Zhengs, he wouldn't be able to rush up. He flipped his body and dodged the broadsword in front of him. His speed was extremely fast again. In the blink of an eye, he had flipped over and leaped onto the second floor!
Almost all the cultivators from the Demon Night Clan specialized in speed, and their bodies were extremely agile.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, they paled in comparison. He kept moving left and right, and as he rolled up and down, he actually managed to avoid the attacks of six or seven Extreme Divine Realm female cultivators!
The third floor …
The fourth floor …
In a single breath, Luo Zheng charged to the top of the Luo Zheng Tower!
At that moment, a soft sigh sounded out.
"Stop …"
A pink figure suddenly appeared behind Luo Zheng. Her legs were together in the air, and her eyes were filled with indifference. This woman's strength was clearly much stronger than the Extreme Divine Realm cultivators!
Luo Zheng didn't stop when he sensed the faint pressure released by the woman. Instead, he continued to charge forward. There were three King Statues there!
When she saw that Luo Zheng didn't listen to her, the woman sneered. She put two of her fingers together and pointed at Luo Zheng. A flying shuttle shot out from her wrist.
The flying shuttle was tied to a dark green chain. It shot out less than a foot before it disappeared. Then, it passed through space, and in the blink of an eye, the flying shuttle was already tied to Luo Zheng's legs!
When Luo Zheng was tied up, he felt an invisible force firmly binding him to the ground.
Even so, Luo Zheng's Lightning Wind Divine Sword instantly stabbed out. Six or seven divine shadows shot out from it, and they all charged towards the King Statues!
"You're courting death!"
A trace of anger appeared on the pink-clothed woman's face. She didn't intend to take Luo Zheng's life. She just wanted to punish him for trespassing into the Luo Zheng Tower.
However, there was a trace of doubt in her heart. What was Luo Zheng's motive for charging into the Luo Zheng Tower? The Luo Zheng Tower was only the core of the Demon Night Clan's settlement. It didn't have any precious treasures or secrets. He couldn't have barged in because he was crazy, right?
But now, she understood. This human brat was trying to destroy their King Statues!
Wherever the Demon Night Clan lived, there would be King Statues. Even if the Demon Night Clan wasn't a Holy Land, they would still build their own King Statues.
As a tenth-rank Holy Land, the Demon Night Clan had been placed in Zeji City. They were equivalent to a sixth-rank sect. From the first day they had entered Zeji City, they had built these three king statues.
Those were their totems of faith. Although they weren't anything precious, how could they allow a human brat to destroy them?
Swoosh swoosh swoosh …
The pink-clothed lady gently raised her wrist, and another flying shuttle suddenly traversed the space and rushed toward those Serene Divine Shadows!
Puff puff puff …
One divine shadow after another was easily destroyed by the flying shuttle. However, Luo Zheng's movements were simply too fast. Moreover, he had released seven divine shadows at the same time. As the flying shuttle continued to charge forward, it still let two divine shadows pass through.
Clang, clang …
The two King Statues were instantly smashed to pieces!
The statues that had been smashed were the statues of the kings that ruled over life and punishment!
The pink-robed woman's face was extremely gloomy, and her originally calm eyes were now filled with killing intent. Every single member of the Yao Night Clan would protect their three kings, and smashing their statues to pieces was the greatest blasphemy against their kings!
"Kill him! Lord Lan! "
"He actually dares to destroy the King Statues …"
"He deserves death!"
The Demon Night Clan cultivators who had chased up from below also arrived. When they saw this scene, their eyes were filled with rage.
The pink-clothed woman no longer hesitated. The two flying shuttles once again cut through space and shot towards Luo Zheng. Two azure balls of lightning appeared on the surface of the shuttles!
The balls of lightning were only the size of a fist, but the power contained within them made Luo Zheng's heart tremble!
"I'm afraid that the Laws of Lightning have already reached the fifth level … Xun, if you don't come out now, I'll be in trouble!" Luo Zheng said calmly.
As soon as his voice fell, a blood-red figure shot out from Luo Zheng's body. As soon as the figure formed, the Ancient Blood Spear in Luo Zheng's spatial ring shot out and was caught by the figure!
Ding ding …
As two crisp sounds were transmitted over, the two shuttles, which were accompanied by the frightening lightning balls, were easily pushed aside by this human figure.
The expression of the woman from the Demon Night Clan, who was called Lady Lan, sank slightly when she saw the power of the spear. However, when she saw the person's face, her expression changed drastically!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1108
Every single member of the Yao Night Clan was extremely familiar with Xun's appearance and aura. In some ways, they were even more familiar with her than their own parents.
From the moment they were born, they had been baptized by the King statue. The King of Life could strengthen their life force, the King of Punishment could make them abide by the laws of the Yao Night Clan, and the King of Slaughter could increase their courage and allow them to understand the meaning of the Dao of Slaughter.
Although Xun was only a Sword Spirit, her soul power had recovered by 60%. She held the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear in her hand, and she radiated a supreme majesty.
When the Yao Night Clan cultivators in the Ginkgo Pavilion saw Xun, their hearts trembled. They realized that their King had actually descended …
The Asura Yin World was a remote world, and there were many races gathered here. The entire world was a world that mainly relied on trade. Even though the human race, the Yao Night clan, and the Devil race all had a rank ten holy land here, they were still considered to be rather marginal to the other races.
Thus, when the Yao Night Clan members saw their King appear, they were all stunned!
The arrival of any King was a supreme honor to them. In the hearts of the Yao Night Clan members, their King was even more important than an Empyrean.
* Plop, plop … *
All of the Yao Night Clan members instantly knelt down and prostrated themselves before Xun.
Xun floated in the air and looked down at her clansmen. Her gaze finally landed on the pink-clothed woman. "What is your name?"
"My King. You can call me Ling Lan," the pink-clothed woman replied sincerely.
Actually, several months ago, all of the Yao Night Clan members knew that their King of Slaughter had returned to the Upper Realms and had a great conflict with the King of Punishment.
At that time, Xun had used Luo Zheng's Roar Medallion to curse the King of Punishment. Let alone the Yao Night Clan, even the entire universe knew about this!
The other races didn't care about this matter. After all, this was only an internal conflict within the Yao Night Clan. Some of the races that had enmity with the Yao Night Clan were even waiting to watch a good show. After all, Xun's return would definitely cause internal strife within the Yao Night Clan.
Xun nodded calmly and said, "Ling Lan, I want you to swear a King's Oath in front of the statue."
Ling Lan and her subordinates raised their heads when they heard Xun's words. Their faces were filled with fear and unease, as if this was an extremely difficult matter.
In truth, their thoughts were the same as the Heavenly Feather Holy Land of the past. While Xun was their Queen, the Yao Night Clan had more than one Queen.
Throughout the years, the three kings had always advanced and retreated together. Every single one of them had their own positions, and they maintained the enormous Nightfiend Clan. However, once they made a King's Oath, then it was equivalent to leaving the protection of the other two kings and becoming loyal to one of them!
At that time, Liu Yu didn't make a choice. At that time, Xun also didn't force the Sky Feather Holy Ground. After all, a Holy Ground in the lower realm wouldn't be of much help to her. It wouldn't change the overall situation. But now, things were different. Xun and Yao had declared war on each other. From now on, she would gather her forces step by step and eventually return to her throne!
Therefore, before coming here, Xun only asked Luo Zheng to do one thing.
No matter what kind of experts he faced, he only had one goal when he charged into the Ginkgo Pavilion, and that was to destroy the other two statues!
Any clan with a Nightfiend Clan member would have a King's statue. The Nightfiend Clan's Kings were able to see the entire situation through the statues and communicate with any Holy Ground. Although the possibility of Yao's gaze falling on this place was very low, Xun still asked Luo Zheng to destroy the statues as a precaution.
Xun smiled coldly when she saw the uneasy expressions on Ling Lan and the others' faces. "Is it so difficult to make you all swear a King's Oath? Or do you think that the King of Slaughter is no longer worthy of your trust? "
As soon as she said this, all the Nightfiend Clan cultivators, including Ling Lan, became even more uneasy!
Actually, the three Kings of the Nightfiend Clan gave their clansmen different feelings. When they faced the King of Life, they felt boundless vitality. When they faced the King of Punishment, they felt incomparable reverence. However, in all fairness, the majority of the Nightfiend Clan members still liked the King of Slaughter the most.
When they faced the King of Slaughter, they felt boundless killing intent. It was able to awaken the courage in the depths of their souls, making them even more courageous and skilled in battle!
But now, the King of Slaughter's forces had basically collapsed. The old followers of the King of Slaughter had either died or gone into hiding. In such a situation, it was definitely not a wise choice for them to stand on Xun's side!
Once this matter was exposed, Xun might be instantly killed by Yao, and they would definitely be implicated.
Yao was the King of Punishment, and she was also the cruelest King to her own clansmen. If she was implicated, the entire Sifting Yin World's Nightfiend Clan would probably be buried with her!
Luo Zheng sat on a railing in the Ginkgo Pavilion. Although his face was expressionless, he was still slightly nervous.
He had promised to help Xun return to her throne, and this step would have to be completed sooner or later. Now was the beginning of the road to becoming a King. However, it seemed difficult for these Nightfiend Clan members to choose.
Once they refused, things would become very troublesome …
Xun's whereabouts would be exposed, and so would Luo Zheng's whereabouts. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he definitely wouldn't be able to resist the King of Punishment.
To Luo Zheng and Xun, this was a risk, but it was a risk that they had to take!
Xun's expression was extremely solemn, and her faint soul pressure contained supreme dignity. When it descended, even Ling Lan's face turned ghastly pale.
To them, this choice was extremely difficult as well. However, every single one of them knew that this choice couldn't be avoided in the end. The conflict between the two kings had already reached a point where they were like fire and water, and only one of them would remain in the end.
Xun didn't say anything else. If she couldn't obtain the support of her clansmen even after coming here, then it would be wishful thinking for her to return to her throne.
Time trickled by. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn ….
A resolute look appeared in Ling Lan's eyes. She raised her head and swore, "Glory is our King, and glory is our life! With eternal slaughter, we will protect our clan's territory …. "
After Ling Lan took the lead and swore, the other Nightfiend Clan members all followed her lead and swore their oaths as well!
At the same time, the King of Slaughter's statue, which was the only one left, glowed with a faint red light. Xun's eyes shone brightly as she listened to her clansmen's oaths.
The Ginkgo Pavilion's oath was the starting point of Xun's return.
After everyone swore their oaths, Xun said calmly, "You may all rise."
Ling Lan nodded and led the other Nightfiend Clan members to their feet. Since she swore her oath as a King, it meant that she would only be loyal to Xun!
However, this was still a supreme honor to them. They worshipped the King's statue every day, but most of them would never be able to see their King in their entire lives. Now that Xun had personally appeared before them, how could they refuse?
This was a painful choice for them. They had to temporarily abandon the other two Kings, but it was also a huge opportunity.
Once they returned to assist Xun, they would definitely be put in an important position!
"My Queen, what are your orders?" After Ling Lan stood up, she asked seriously. Since Xun had appeared here, there must be something extremely important for her to do. Otherwise, she wouldn't have taken the initiative to enter the Ginkgo Pavilion.
"I want you to head to the Eternal Night World and find someone. Pass this jade slip to her."
At this point, Luo Zheng took out a green jade slip. It was a jade slip that he had made beforehand, and it contained some extremely important information.
"The Eternal Night World …." Ling Lan's expression froze. She knew that the Eternal Night World used to belong to the King of Slaughter. However, ever since the King of Slaughter disappeared, the entire Eternal Night World had been purged by the King of Punishment.

Chapter 1109
Before heading to the Ginkgo Pavilion, Xun had made ample considerations.
Her authority was enough to make the tenth-rank Sacred Land of the Sifting Yin World submit to her alone.
However, subduing a tenth-rank Sacred Land was almost meaningless to Xun. It wouldn't be able to resist Yao Yao at all. Instead, it would inadvertently alert the enemy.
All her current activities needed to be carried out in secret. The fewer people who knew, the better.
The Ginkgo Pavilion was a faction that the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land had placed in Zeji City. Its main purpose was to trade with the other factions in Zeji City, so it had plenty of treasures and resources.
After taking a look, Xun just shook her head. These resources weren't enough for her.
After all, the Sifting Yin World was only a border world. It couldn't compare to the Misty Cloud Palace. These resources were very precious to ordinary cultivators, but to the current Luo Zheng, they were of no use.
In contrast, she was more interested in the Sifting Yin World's treasures.
However, although Xun didn't care about the treasures and resources here, she still took away a lot of Zhen Yuanyu.
Every year, the Ginkgo Pavilion would hand over Zhen Yuanyu to the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land after trading with other races. Thus, there were quite a lot of Zhen Yuanyu in the Ginkgo Pavilion.
In order not to arouse the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land's suspicion and to allow Ling Lan to report back to the Sacred Land, she only took away about one-fifth of the Zhen Yuanyu, which was about thirty thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. These Zhen Yuanyu were naturally given to Luo Zheng as backup.
Because of the changes in the world inside Luo Zheng's body, he no longer needed Zhen Yuanyu. However, when it came to things like money, the more the better. It could be of great use in many cases. Back then, Luo Zheng risked his life for a hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. Thirty thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu was a great fortune for any Divine Sea Realm cultivator.
After being delayed in the Ginkgo Pavilion for two days, Ling Lan resigned from her position in the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land. She found an excuse and set off for the Eternal Night World with the jade slip that Xun gave her.
Luo Zheng quietly returned to his residence in Zeji City, waiting for Ai Hu's arrival …
In the blink of an eye, there was only a little more than a month left in the half year agreement between him and Ai Hu. On the contrary, Luo Zheng was somewhat worried that Ai Hu would not be able to reach Zeji City within the stipulated time.
One and a half months later …
Luo Zheng was still immersed in cultivation.
After breaking through to the Spirit Sea Realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation had improved, and so had his strength. He was comprehending the power of laws and the Starry Battle Body in an orderly manner.
Occasionally, Luo Zheng would be able to communicate with several stars. He wondered if it was because he had absorbed the Luck Extinguishing Yellow Snake that his luck seemed to have improved.
On Changsu Island, when Luo Zheng had just absorbed the Luck Extinguishing Yellow Snake, his luck seemed to have skyrocketed to the limit. At that moment, he had completely turned into the darling of the entire world. It could be said that he had achieved everything he wished for. However, that situation did not last for long. It had only lasted for a few hours.
Following this, Luo Zheng's Luck seemed to have returned to normal, or perhaps it had increased slightly. However, Luck was something that was difficult to grasp. It was impossible to measure it with a ruler, so Luo Zheng was not sure.
The only thing he could be sure of was that it was relatively easier for Luo Zheng to attract the stars. From this, Luo Zheng could judge that his luck had changed a little!
However, Luo Zheng was also troubled. The Chaotic Qi in his body still showed no signs of liquefying.
Logically speaking, when a warrior broke through to the Spirit Sea Realm, their True Essence would have already begun to liquefy. However, the Chaotic Qi was still like billowing smoke, rolling around in his dantian …
This situation was not explained in the Primal Chaos Secret Technique at all. His master had only speculated that the Primal Chaos Qi was the same as the True Essence. It could also turn into a Primal Chaos Sea. But obviously, his master's speculation was wrong, at least in this step.
"Liquefaction of True Essence is the phenomenon of True Essence being compressed to the extreme …"
"But the Chaotic Qi itself is very difficult to produce. This thing cannot be replenished by absorbing True Essence from the outside world. Moreover, the Chaotic Qi is produced at a relatively slow speed. How can it be compressed?"
In the past few days, in order to solve this problem, Luo Zheng had been frowning. Occasionally, he would go out for a walk to relax, hoping to obtain a trace of enlightenment …
Thinking about this, Luo Zheng often communicated with Qinglong.
Qinglong was an experienced and knowledgeable member of the True Dragon Tribe. However, in the face of Luo Zheng's problem, he was completely puzzled. Qinglong was familiar with the True Essence system, while the Red Dragon was familiar with the Body Refining system. These two dragons were good at different things. However, the cultivation method of the Chaotic system was simply unheard of for them.
However, Qinglong gave a suggestion, a suggestion that greatly interested Luo Zheng!
When Luo Zheng was in the Eastern Region, he had obtained a cultivation method of the Devil Tribe called the Heavenly Demon God Fist. When he had just embarked on the Martial Arts Path, this cultivation method had played an extremely important role.
In Qinglong's opinion, the fist intent and moves contained in the Heavenly Demon God Fist were not worth mentioning. However, the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi cultivated from the Heavenly Demon God Fist was very interesting. The Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi could almost completely engulf other Genuine Qi or True Essence and turn it into its own.
Although Luo Zheng had abandoned the Heavenly Demon God Fist to practice other cultivation methods, now that Qinglong mentioned it again, it gave Luo Zheng an idea.
Although Azure Dragon did not know the reason why Luo Zheng was unable to liquefy the Primal Chaos Aura, he deduced that there was a high possibility that the amount of Primal Chaos Aura was insufficient. That was why Azure Dragon came up with such a bold idea. He wanted Luo Zheng to use the mental cultivation method recorded in the "Demonic God Fist" to give the Primal Chaos Aura the ability to devour …
After hearing this idea, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. This idea was really good.
No one had ever succeeded in the path he was on. Everything depended on himself. Even if he made a mistake, he could start over again. Luo Zheng would not rigidly adhere to the rules of the universe. After all, he had seen his Master travel in the Chaos. He vaguely knew that the Secret Skills of Chaos itself had surpassed the universe and the rules of the universe itself.
If Luo Zheng still rigidly adhered to the rules, he would be somewhat pedantic.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng did not delay at all. He began to practice according to the cultivation method recorded in the Heavenly Demon God Fist!
There were precedents of using the Chaotic Qi to stimulate other cultivation methods. For example, the power of the Dharma stimulated by the Chaotic Qi would increase exponentially. Because of this, Luo Zheng still had a very strong expectation of whether he could induce the Heavenly Demon Genuine Essence.
As Luo Zheng practiced the cultivation method of the Heavenly Demon God Fist, the Chaotic Qi in his body began to surge …
A wisp of Chaotic Qi was drawn out by Luo Zheng from his Dantian. It flowed along Luo Zheng's meridians and finally burst out from Luo Zheng's fingertip. The gray Chaotic Qi was like a dense fog that could not be dispersed, lingering around Luo Zheng's hand.
"This wisp of Chaotic Qi is stimulated by the cultivation method. I wonder if it has the ability to devour." Luo Zheng's face was slightly nervous. However, in the blink of an eye, the nervousness completely disappeared. At the same time, he smiled. "Even if I fail, I can find another method. What's there to be nervous about?"
Thinking of this, he stretched out his hand and took out a top-grade Genuine Origin Stone. Streams of rich Genuine Origin Stones were bound in this small stone shell.
Luo Zheng did not directly crush the Genuine Origin Stone. Instead, he used his finger to lightly press a small hole in the stone shell of the Genuine Origin Stone. A wisp of pure Genuine Origin Stone escaped from the small hole!
At this time, Luo Zheng inserted the wisp of Chaotic Qi into the Genuine Origin Stone. His eyes were fixed on the Genuine Origin Stone.
"It's useless?"
Through this transparent stone shell, Luo Zheng was able to see that the brown Chaos Qi lingering within the True Essence Stone. It didn't fuse with the milky white True Essence Stone, nor did it attempt to devour the True Essence Stone …
Luo Zheng curled the corners of his mouth. It seemed that he was still too naive.

Chapter 1110
The top-grade True Origin Stone suddenly exploded. Caught off guard, Luo Zheng was shocked!
After the top-grade True Origin Stone suddenly exploded, the True Origin Qi inside did not sputter out. Instead, it was replaced by several strands of Chaotic Qi!
Just now, Luo Zheng had only poured one strand of Chaotic Qi into the stone shell. Now, the amount of Chaotic Qi had multiplied by several times!
However … because of the impact of the explosion, the Chaotic Qi was like several very thin whips, fiercely lashing out in all directions, leaving several extremely small dents in the room!
"Hiss hiss …"
Immediately after, strands of Chaotic Qi slowly extended out from those dents, like small gray snakes.
Luo Zheng widened his eyes. Looking at the scene in front of him, his brain seemed to be unable to wrap itself around the situation.
He stayed like this for less than a few breaths of time, and the number of tiny dents around the room increased. Those little gray snakes were like tiny worms, quickly eroding everything around them, and at the same time, producing even more little gray snakes.
"Luo Zheng, if you don't do anything, this room will collapse!" Qinglong's words faintly rang in Luo Zheng's ears.
With this reminder, Luo Zheng came back to his senses!
He gently waved his finger, and the strands of Chaotic Qi quickly shrank. Small gray "snakes" came out from every corner of the room and quickly gathered in Luo Zheng's hand.
Now, the Chaotic Qi in Luo Zheng's hand was more than a thousand times larger than before. The strand of Chaotic Qi that Luo Zheng drew out before was not much thicker than a thin thread. Now that it was gathered, it was the size of a fist.
"This Chaotic Qi, not only can it swallow True Origin Qi, it seems to be able to … swallow a room?" Luo Zheng stared at the Chaotic Qi and said in a daze.
"It's not swallowing a room." Qinglong corrected him. "This Chaotic Qi is probably able to swallow everything …"
Seeing this scene, even Qinglong could not remain calm.
Qinglong had suggested this to Luo Zheng because he hoped that Luo Zheng would give it a try. The possibility of failure was far greater than the possibility of success.
He had lived for countless years and had seen too many types of martial arts. When Luo Zheng first entered the Blue Cloud Sect to select a martial art, Qinglong had already remembered this 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》. It was actually able to give Zhen Yuan the ability to devour, which was originally very unique. However, the origin of this martial art had not been found. It was even worth investigating whether it was passed down from the Demon Race!
However, Luo Zheng ran all over the place without stopping for even half a step. He also didn't have the time to investigate the origin of this cultivation method.
Today, Azure Dragon's suggestion had perfectly integrated the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon True Origin in the Heavenly Demon God Fist into the Primal Chaos Qi. Moreover, the Primal Chaos Qi's devouring characteristics were even more overbearing than True Origin. Not only could it devour True Origin, it could also devour the entire house.
Even Qinglong couldn't help but click his tongue in amazement …
Luo Zheng's expression became rich after a period of sluggishness. His face revealed a look of ecstasy.
Perhaps even his master hadn't foreseen this step of his attempt!
After all, when his Master wrote 《Secret Skills of Chaos》, he only speculated that after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, the Chaotic Qi would automatically liquefy and turn into a Chaotic Sea, just like warriors who cultivated Vital Essence. Perhaps his Master had overlooked the problem of liquefying the Chaotic Qi.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He reached out his hand and pointed gently. The cloud of Chaotic Qi in front of Luo Zheng suddenly flew toward a square table in the corner!
"Hiss …"
The cloud of Chaotic Qi sank into the center of the square table. Suddenly, a fist-sized hole appeared on the surface of the table.
Under Luo Zheng's control, the Chaotic Qi constantly flowed along the square table. The gray cloud of Chaotic Qi was like an invisible monster. In a few breaths' time, the square table was completely devoured.
When Luo Zheng took back the Chaotic Qi again, the cloud of Chaotic Qi had grown in size!
"Interesting, as long as I constantly throw in materials and let the Chaotic Qi quickly devour them, when the Chaotic Qi in my body condenses to a certain extent, it can also liquefy and turn into a sea!" Luo Zheng's eyes kept flashing.
Although this process was indeed a bit troublesome, as other warriors would naturally liquefy after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, Luo Zheng had to use this method. But for him, this was not a bad thing. Since he could use all things as the source of Chaotic Qi, then the Chaotic Qi in Luo Zheng's body was inexhaustible. His imagination was also very large!
At this moment, the door of the room was pushed open, and Mu Mingxue came in with a pot of tea.
Luo Zheng asked Mu Mingxue to stay by his side and did not instruct her to do the work of these maidservants. But Mu Mingxue still took on the task by herself. After entering the room and seeing the densely packed dents in the room, a strange expression appeared on her face. Then, she silently retreated …
Mu Mingxue was very dutiful. She would not open her eyes to look at things that she should not know, and she would not ask Luo Zheng too much.
In the following period of time, Luo Zheng constantly experimented with the Chaotic Qi's devouring characteristics.
Back then, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence's devouring characteristics were not very strong. Although it could directly devour ordinary True Essence, if it encountered a visualized object, the devouring speed would be greatly reduced, and there would even be situations where it could not devour.
Now, the situation with the Chaotic Qi seemed to be similar.
Just like ordinary tables and chairs, the speed at which they were devoured was incomparably fast. As for the soil, wood, bricks, and tiles, the speed at which they were devoured was still passable. However, when they came into contact with metal, the speed at which they were devoured slowed down. Of course, the "slow" here was relative to the previous materials!
After that, Luo Zheng also took various objects to experiment, such as Xuan Weapons, Spirit Weapons, Immortal Weapons, and other treasures.
The higher the grade and the stronger the weapon, the slower the devouring speed. In order to experiment, Luo Zheng even threw a Saint Weapon into the Chaotic Qi, but it took half a day for the Chaotic Qi to completely devour the Saint Weapon. If it were to devour a Divine Weapon, it would probably take even longer.
Under this continuous devouring, Luo Zheng poured more and more Chaotic Qi into his Inner World, and his Dantian gradually swelled up.
Ever since he started cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, his Inner World had slowly cultivated the Chaotic Qi. When the Chaotic Qi reached a certain amount, it finally stopped growing. He had not felt his Dantian bloated for a long time.
But this time, under Luo Zheng's continuous devouring, the amount of Chaotic Qi in the Inner World in his Dantian grew more and more. The Inner World began to narrow, and the Chaotic Qi in it gradually began to condense!
Logically speaking, when the Chaotic Qi was condensed to the extreme, it should show signs of liquefaction. Therefore, Luo Zheng kept pouring Chaotic Qi into his Dantian, and at the same time, he kept paying attention to the changes in his Dantian.
Luo Zheng was not disappointed.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw that somewhere in his Inner World, balls of Chaotic Qi were condensing together, forming a brown liquid, and quickly sinking into the depths of his Inner World.
After the first ball of Chaotic Qi began to liquefy, the entire Inner World underwent earth-shaking changes. As the brown liquid continued to liquefy, the edges of his Inner World began to form …
This liquefaction process lasted for a full six days. Six days later, a brown sea began to slowly fluctuate within Luo Zheng's inner world. Although one could be considered to have stepped into the Divine Sea realm after breaking through ten minor Heavenly Tribulations, it was only now that Luo Zheng had truly opened up his Divine Sea and was considered a true Divine Sea realm martial artist. However, compared to other people, his Divine Sea was a bit special … the constantly tumbling chaotic energy was so strong that even if a divine tool was thrown in, it would probably be completely swallowed over time!
Not long after Luo Zheng opened his Spirit Ocean, a voice rang in his ears. It was Ai Hu who had burned the Sound Transmission Talisman he had exchanged with Luo Zheng. It seemed like Ai Hu had already arrived at Zeji City!
He had been waiting in the Gathering Yin World for a long time because of Ai Hu's invitation. Naturally, he had been waiting for this day. The most important thing was that Xun seemed to know some of the secrets of the Gathering Yin World. Luo Zheng was determined to obtain the resources inside.
Therefore, after Luo Zheng used the Sound Transmitting Talisman to reply to Ai Hu, he had Mu Mingxue pack up and prepare to set off.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1111
According to the directions given by Ai Hu, Luo Zheng led Mu Mingxue through Zeji City. After the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, they found themselves in a civilian district.
The commoners were also divided into ranks. Some wealthy merchants were not martial artists themselves, but they had the ability to hire martial artists to guard their homes. Therefore, it was possible to occasionally see some low level martial artists in the commoner district, such as Xiantian and Divine Reflection martial artists.
The arrival of Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue, two warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, immediately attracted a lot of curious gazes.
These boys had a natural yearning for warriors, and the aura emitted by Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue was far stronger than the warriors they usually saw. Therefore, groups of boys followed behind Mu Mingxue …
This scene made Mu Mingxue frown. She couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng would bring her here.
However, after walking for a short distance, a large courtyard appeared in front of them. As soon as Luo Zheng arrived at the entrance, a fat official respectfully bowed to Luo Zheng and led Luo Zheng into the mansion.
This official was also a wealthy merchant in the local area. Of course, that was only for mortals. Even if he sold all his wealth, he would only be able to convert it into one or two thousand top-grade True Meta Stones. This amount of True Meta Stones was not worth mentioning in the eyes of warriors, but for a mortal to be able to earn so many True Meta Stones was quite amazing. After all, this was equivalent to the annual expenses of a third-grade aristocratic family.
The official didn't know who he was receiving. Even if he hired several Xiantian warriors to guard his home, he couldn't see the cultivation and identity of these people. In the official's mind, these people's strength was unimaginable and difficult to guess. Fortunately, although this person was a mortal, he was shrewd.
During this time, no matter who came, as long as they were warriors, he respectfully led them into his mansion. At the same time, he evacuated his wife and children to other places in Zeji City, leaving only a group of servants to take care of the situation. He knew that such a strong warrior could destroy the foundation he had painstakingly built for decades with a flick of his finger. Moreover, it was impossible for anyone to stand up for him!
After entering the large courtyard, Luo Zheng continued to move forward under the guidance of the official. Finally, they came to a cellar.
There were originally oil lamps hanging on the walls of the cellar, but now all the oil lamps had been extinguished. The official didn't light the lamps. Those big shots in the cellar had said that they weren't allowed to light the lamps. Even if the official had ten thousand guts, he wouldn't dare.
Now, the official only hoped that these "big shots" would leave quickly. He didn't know the purpose of these people, but he was afraid that if he didn't greet them properly, the family business his ancestors had painstakingly built for three generations would be destroyed …
Walking down the dim cellar, there was an open space. There was a round table in the middle, and around the round table sat seven or eight people.
These people were trying their best to conceal their cultivation, but the aura they faintly exuded was not weak. After Luo Zheng entered the cellar, he sensed the aura of a few people faintly exuding, and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face.
"Luo Zheng, brother, you've arrived," Ai Hu sat on one side of the round table and said to Luo Zheng with a hearty smile, "Sit down and talk!"
Although the light here was dim, it wasn't much of an obstacle for martial artists of their cultivation. With the help of the dim light, they could still clearly size each other up.
The atmosphere seemed a bit strange …
When he received Ai Hu's invitation, he naturally thought that Ai Hu had other companions, but he didn't expect Ai Hu to invite several Divine Lord Realm characters. Moreover, he couldn't feel the slightest bit of goodwill from these people.
Just as Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were about to sit at the round table, one of them said ambiguously, "Ai Hu, why did you bring these two wastes to explore the Shady Gathering Earth Palace?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's brows immediately furrowed.
Previously, he heard Ai Hu say that he was the only person who knew the key to opening the Shady Gathering Earth Palace's secret treasure. This exploration should be led by Ai Hu, but the current situation didn't seem to be the case.
Ai Hu smoothed things over and laughed, "You can't say that. I was able to leave the Demon Realm because brother Luo Zheng showed mercy. Therefore, brother Luo Zheng must have a share in this exploration of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace!"
"Hmph, you have a share, he has a share. How many shares are left in the hands of us seven brothers?" Another person said with dissatisfaction.
Hearing this, Ai Hu was unhappy. His expression turned cold as he said, "I've already made an agreement with Rao An. You can only take thirty percent of the secret treasures in the Shady Gathering Earth Palace! The rest is up to me, Ai Hu, to decide! "
Ai Hu had the cultivation of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. Coupled with his talent and the Jade Gate Immortal Battle, he wasn't necessarily afraid of these Divine Realm powerhouses.
"Thirty percent? Hehe … you're just leading the way. Do you really think you can take seventy percent? What qualifications do you have? "Another person said coldly.
Ai Hu raised his thick eyebrows and his eyes were like lightning, "Since you all think I'm not qualified, then please go ahead. The Shady Gathering Earth Palace is right below Zeji City. I'm sure you all have the ability to find the secret treasures of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace."
"Haha, Ai Hu, do you really think we brothers are useless? If you don't lead us into the Shady Gathering Earth Palace, then don't even think about leaving the Shady Gathering Earth Palace alive … "After speaking, one of them suddenly released his aura. A demon-like aura bloomed in the cellar!
Above the cellar was the courtyard of that official. That aura suddenly burst out and penetrated the cellar. Instantly, it formed a huge soul pressure. Almost in an instant, all the mortals within a radius of ten miles fainted …
Facing such a strong soul pressure, Ai Hu remained calm. As for Luo Zheng, his eyes were indifferent.
For an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior, a Divine Realm warrior might be an undefeatable existence. However, whether it was Ai Hu or Luo Zheng, they were both qualified to enter the Lingyan Pavilion. If they really fought, they might not be afraid of these people in front of them!
Seeing that they were about to fight before they even set off, a warrior in the corner laughed dryly and began to smooth things over, "Everyone, let's not make a fuss over such a trivial matter. Let's stick to our previous agreement …"
This warrior was Rao An, the one who gave advice on Changsu Island to fight against Luo Zheng and Ai An.
At that time, Ai Hu promised Rao An that if Rao An could help him regain his freedom, he would give him thirty percent of the secret treasures of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace. However, although Rao An was smart, his cultivation and strength were still lacking. Therefore, he invited the seven brothers to come together.
The seven brothers were independent warriors in the Upper World. After being invited, they found out that the person who opened the Shady Gathering Earth Palace was only a warrior in the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. They already had some contempt in their hearts. Thirty percent of the secret treasures of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace was naturally far from enough.
However, they didn't expect that besides Rao An and the seven brothers, Ai Hu would also invite Luo Zheng. This Luo Zheng's cultivation was even worse. He was only in the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm. Who was he to deserve a share?
However, this Rao An's mouth was really powerful. After some persuasion, the situation between the two sides was temporarily eased.
Of course, the seven brothers didn't want to explore the Shady Gathering Earth Palace with Luo Zheng. However, Ai Hu was the only one who knew how to enter the Shady Gathering Earth Palace. Under Rao An's persuasion, they could only restrain their fierce momentum for the time being.
Ai Hu had a fiery temper, but he had always been a man who kept his promises. Since he had promised Rao An, he could only put the dispute aside for the time being. He said, "The complexity of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace is far beyond your imagination. Before entering the Shady Gathering Earth Palace, everyone has to make several preparations. We can only set off after everything is done …"

Chapter 1112
The Yin Luo Underground Palace was not considered a hidden place in the Yin Luo World.
Many creatures in the Yin Luo World also knew that there was an underground palace here, but no one had been able to enter it in the past hundred thousand years!
It was said that this was the place where an ancient Celestial Master passed away hundreds of millions of years ago.
Time was the most powerful opponent. Even a Celestial Master's lifespan was not endless. If they could not become a True God, their lifespan would be obliterated and melted in the endless years. Then, they would enter the Five Decays of Heaven and Man and watch themselves die.
Therefore, eternal life was also one of the ultimate pursuits of martial arts.
It was said that before this ancient Celestial Master passed away, he used a very special method to set up a magnificent underground palace and left his life's inheritance and understanding in it.
Every time the underground palace opened, the time and method were different.
Over the endless years, there had been many cultivators who had entered the underground palace and obtained great benefits from it.
Once, Xun entered the underground palace by chance. That time, the underground palace was opened, and it was already a hundred thousand years ago.
At that time, Xun also gained a lot of resources and benefits in the underground palace. Therefore, after hearing that Ai Hu had obtained the method to enter the Yin Luo World, Xun immediately asked Luo Zheng to agree. If Xun remembered correctly, the resources left in the underground palace should be of great help to Luo Zheng.
Under Ai Hu's lead, the group crossed half of Zeji City and soon found the entrance to the underground palace.
The entrance to the underground palace was not difficult to find, but after more than ten years of evolution, the entrance to the underground palace had become the residence of some civilians. However, no one dared to stop them as they passed through.
"This is the entrance to the underground palace," Ai Hu and Luo Zheng stood in front.
Rao An, who was behind them, smiled, "Everyone knows the entrance to the underground palace. It's just that the road below is a little difficult to walk, so I'll have to trouble Ai Hu to lead the way!"
As for the seven brothers behind Rao An, they had different expressions. Although Rao An kept persuading them, they could not hide the greed on their faces.
From their point of view, as long as Ai Hu was able to successfully bring them in, other than the seven brothers, everyone else could be killed. As for Rao An … this fellow was still somewhat useful to the seven brothers, so they could spare his life for the time being.
"Follow me," Ai Hu's face showed that he had a card up his sleeve, and he took the lead into the tunnel.
Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and the other warriors followed behind him …
The tunnel's length could only be described as astonishing. Rao An and the others had collected information before exploring the underground palace, so they had a considerable understanding of the tunnel. They already knew that the tunnel tunnel was very complicated and that the tunnel was astonishingly long, but after entering it, they understood how long it was.... is........................
This passageway was at an angle, extending downwards for an unknown distance.
...........................................................
At the same time, in the western part of the Sifting Yin World, the Yulan Holy Land.
There were many races in the Sifting Yin World, but because this large world was at the border of the three major races, the three most powerful races were still the Demon Race, the Human Race, and the Yao Night Clan.
These three races had established their own tenth grade Holy Land in the Sifting Yin World, but because of their geographical location, these three Holy Lands got along very well with each other. There was not much competition between them, and they mainly focused on trade. It could be said that these three Holy Lands were a window for the three races to communicate with each other. In other places, when the three races met, they would constantly fight and kill each other ….
The Yulan Holy Land was a tenth grade Holy Land established by the Human Race.
In the center of this Holy Land, there was a towering palace that reached into the clouds. Two warriors in black robes flew into the palace.
"Report, someone else entered the underground palace today!" The black-robed warrior reported.
The person in the palace asked calmly, "What is their cultivation level, and what kind of warriors are they?"
"They are warriors of our Human Race. There are only eleven of them in total, and the strongest are seven Ultimate Divine Realm warriors. The other four are all at the Divine Sea Realm," the black-robed warrior reported truthfully.
The person in the palace shook his head. "Every year, there are some fellows who overestimate themselves and enter, thinking that they can really open the underground palace!"
"But Holy Lord, there is no pattern to the opening of the underground palace to begin with …." The black-robed warrior continued.
The Holy Lord of the Yulan Holy Land just smiled calmly. "It doesn't matter. I've already placed Heaven's Eyes in the underground palace. If they open it, I'll naturally know. If it opens, that would be for the best. I'll naturally send all the little fellows in our Sacred Hall inside."
After Luo Zheng and the others entered the underground palace, the three Holy Lands of the Sifting Yin World all reacted.
However, they only paid attention to the movements of Luo Zheng and the others.
Almost every once in a while, warriors would enter the underground palace for all sorts of reasons. However, it had been more than a hundred thousand years since the last time the underground palace opened, and the underground palace had not opened again until now.
However, this didn't mean that these Holy Lands didn't attach importance to the underground palace!
After all, this was the place where the Heavenly Venerate had passed away. Although the underground palace had been opened so many times, no one had taken out the most important secret treasures. However, the Sifting Yin World was relatively barren compared to other large worlds. If there was a chance to enter, how could these Holy Lands let it go?
Therefore, every Holy Land had secretly placed spies at the entrance of the underground palace passageway or within the passageway. Every time a living being entered, they would closely observe it. In addition to the three tenth-rank Holy Lands, there were also seventh-rank and eighth-rank Holy Lands of the Sifting Yin World. Many sects and forces were secretly paying attention to every movement in front of them.
It could be said that when Ai Hu led Luo Zheng and the others into the passageway, their movements had already been secretly watched by many forces of the Sifting Yin World ….
"This damned passageway, how long is it!" A person complained.
The person who complained was called Hou San. The names of the seven brothers were very unique. The eldest brother was called Hou Da, and the rest of the seven brothers were numbered. Second Hou, Third Hou … all the way to Seventh Hou.
"Be a little patient, Third Brother. I heard that the underground palace is extremely large. Can't you stand it after only four hours?" Hou Da, the leader, said lightly.
"There should be a limit to how big it is. If we continue to fly like this, I'm afraid we'll have to travel hundreds of thousands of miles. When will we reach the end?" Hou San muttered.
In fact, it wasn't just Hou San. The others were also muttering in their hearts. They had never seen such a long corridor before. They had been moving forward for such a long time, yet they still couldn't see the end of it.
"I heard that this underground palace was built by a Heavenly Venerate. It's normal for it to span across a large world. This length is nothing. I'm afraid that if we continue to fly like this, we won't reach the end without two or three months!" Second Hou said, shaking his head.
At this time, Rao An, who was following beside the group, suddenly said, "It seems like we've reached the end?"
Everyone's eyes lit up as they looked ahead. It seemed like there was no path ahead, but in an instant, everyone approached the end of the passageway. Then, their faces were filled with disappointment. It turned out that this was only a corner of the passageway. After turning this corner, there was still an endless path ahead ….
"Let's continue," Hou Da said helplessly.
At this time, Ai Hu said, "Wait."
Hearing his voice, everyone's eyes gathered on Ai Hu. Hou Da asked impatiently, "What?"
Ai Hu was too lazy to pay attention to these fellows. The seven brothers were able to follow him into the underground palace only because of Rao An. He took out a divine rune and directly pasted it on the wall of the passageway.
After Ai Hu poured a strand of True Yuan into the divine rune, a faint green light spread out and reflected on the wall in front of everyone!
"Rumble …."

Chapter 1113
"Two paths?" Rao An looked surprised.
Ai Hu sneered. "If we follow the path on the left, we won't be able to enter the underground palace even if we walk until the end of time!"
He had agreed to Rao An's request because he had no other choice. He didn't expect Rao An to insist on finding the seven Extreme Divine Stage warriors.
None of the people who could cultivate to such a level would be bad at scheming. Although Ai Hu was careless, he was also a bold and meticulous person. The seven brothers weren't kind people. Even if they opened the underground palace, they would probably choose to take the secret treasure of the Sifting Yin World for themselves.
However, Ai Hu was very confident in his own strength. At the same time, he was even more confident in Luo Zheng's strength.
It would be fine if they didn't make a move. If they did, they would be courting death …
As soon as the hidden tunnel was opened, a cold and gloomy aura blew out from the deep tunnel. It was as if countless ghosts were rushing out, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, wanting to tear the group to pieces.
"What dense Nether Yin energy!" Hou Da's eyes flashed.
"Fortunately, we brought this beforehand."
Rao An beside him took out a handful of pale yellow branches. These were the branches of the Flaming Sun Tree. The Flaming Sun Tree belonged to the fire element of the five elements. It was rare and grew at the top of volcanoes. Even if a volcano erupted, the Flaming Sun Tree would be covered in layers of lava. Instead of burning, it would absorb the heat of the lava.
Using the Flaming Sun Tree to resist the Nether Yin energy was the most suitable. This was also the preparation Ai Hu had instructed them to make.
Mu Mingxue also conjured two Flaming Sun Tree branches. She handed one to Luo Zheng and the other to herself. Then, Luo Zheng casually waved his hand. Two balls of flames curled out and ignited the front of the Flaming Sun Tree branch.
Although the Flaming Sun Tree branch was extremely dry, it didn't burn quickly. It only emitted a faint wisp of smoke, and the burning part emitted a dark red light.
When the branch was ignited, the Nether Yin energy met its nemesis. It was like ice meeting fire, quickly melting away.
"Let's go in." Holding the Flaming Sun Tree branch, Ai Hu took the lead and rushed into the hidden tunnel.
The seven brothers' mouths moved slightly, as if they were communicating with each other through True Yuan sound transmission. Although he couldn't hear their voices, Luo Zheng could sense that it wasn't anything good from the corner of his eyes.
After holding the lit Flaming Sun Tree branch, he and Mu Mingxue also entered the tunnel.
After entering, Luo Zheng's lips moved slightly as he sent a sound transmission to Ai Hu, "Those fellows don't seem to have good intentions."
"Is Brother Luo Zheng afraid?" Ai Hu chuckled, replying with a true essence sound transmission.
"Not really." Luo Zheng looked indifferent. "I'm just reminding you."
"Hehe, it's fine if these guys don't make a move. I will still abide by the agreement. If they do, then they are courting death," Ai Hu replied confidently. At the same time, he asked Luo Zheng, "Am I right, Brother Luo Zheng?"
Naturally, this meant that Luo Zheng was on his side.
"Of course." Luo Zheng's expression didn't change. Luo Zheng wasn't interested in the agreement between Ai Hu and them. However, if these fellows acted recklessly, he naturally wouldn't mind killing them …
At this moment, it wasn't just the human race's Yulan Holy Land that was watching.
In the Demon Night Clan's Purple Bamboo Holy Land, there were also cultivators closely watching the situation.
"They've already found the second path. It looks like they came prepared. At the very least, they didn't barge in recklessly." At the top of a giant Holy Tree in the Demon Night Clan, the leader of the Holy Land stood on the highest leaf. The leaf was only the size of a palm, but it carried the weight of a cultivator.
"It's just the second path. It doesn't mean anything. There are still seven more paths … Moreover, the Yin Yang Nine Revolutions Tunnel isn't a big secret. We can ask around in the Sifting Yin World to find out. We just have to see if they really have a way to open the underground palace," another female Demon Night Clan member said with a faint smile.
If one wanted to enter the Sifting Yin World's underground palace, they had to pass through the Yin Yang Nine Revolutions Tunnel. However, one had to choose the correct path. If one chose the wrong one, it would be impossible to enter. They would only be able to take a detour in the endless maze of tunnels.
The difficulty of passing through the Yin Yang Nine Revolutions Tunnel didn't seem high. However, if one had to rely entirely on luck, they would have to make a total of nine choices. The probability of choosing the correct path was only one in 1,028.
However, when to take the Yin path and when to take the Yang path wasn't a particularly difficult secret in the Sifting Yin World. One could easily find out by asking around.
However, the three great clans all hoped that Ai Hu's group hadn't learnt this secret in the Sifting Yin World. Instead, they had learnt it from somewhere else. Only then would they be able to open the underground palace!
The items left behind by the primordial Heavenly Sovereign were extremely tempting to any rank ten Holy Land. Hence, they would naturally pay close attention to every living being that entered the underground palace, regardless of whether they were from the Demon Race or the Demon Night Clan …
Ai Hu travelled along the eerie tunnel. After a few hours, he stopped again and opened another 'Yang path' that didn't contain any Yin Qi.
For the rest of the journey, under Ai Hu's lead, they traveled back and forth between two completely different corridors!
Every time they passed through a tunnel, it would take several hours. After passing through six or seven tunnels, the dozen or so warriors rested for a while before continuing on their journey.
After two days and two nights, they finally finished traversing the unimaginably long tunnel!
Hou San looked back at the path they had travelled. He said with lingering fear, "Just how long is this tunnel? We should be very far from Zeji City now, right? "
"It's not that far." Rao An, who had been hanging from the tail, smiled faintly. He gestured with his finger and said, "These tunnels are indeed very long. However, all the tunnels are arranged in such a way. We circled around Zeji City twice in the Sifting Yin World. We should be below Zeji City now!"
"We're below Zeji City?" Sixth Hou asked with a face full of disbelief.
Ai Hu nodded coldly. "Rao An is right. We're extremely deep below Zeji City. Everyone, follow me!"
After speaking, Ai Hu left the tunnel and led the way. When the others heard his words, they hurriedly followed him …
After walking out of the tunnel, the space around them suddenly opened up. A huge statue appeared in front of them. It was a statue of a nine-headed snake the size of a mountain.
"This nine-headed snake … Five of its heads are broken." Mu Mingxue, who was behind Luo Zheng, couldn't help but say curiously when she saw the huge nine-headed snake statue.
There were nine huge snake heads standing on top of the huge sculpture. Each of the snake heads had their mouths wide open, looking like they were about to devour someone. The sculpture was also very lifelike. However, five of the nine snake heads were directly broken from the neck, leaving only four snake heads intact.
Ai Hu sized up these snake heads. Not long after, Ai Hu rose into the air and headed straight for the seventh snake head of the nine-headed snake sculpture.
"The seventh snake head? This brat can open the seventh tunnel? Haha, it seems like I have to get those little guys ready. If he really opens this underground palace, they'll have to work hard and try to take all the opportunities inside! " In the Yin Luo World's Demon Energy Holy Land, a warrior of the Demon Clan with a body like a small mountain looked at the scene in front of him and laughed heartily. He seemed to be very optimistic about Ai Hu's next move.
The Ancient Celestial Master had set up this underground palace. He had secretly passed down the nine methods of opening the underground palace in the universe. Each method was completely different and there was no trace of it. Most importantly, for some unknown reason, the Ancient Celestial Master had set up a very troublesome Spirit Boundary in the underground palace.
This Spirit Boundary might be insurmountable for Divine Sea Realm and Divine Realm warriors, but it was not worth mentioning for many Sector Lords and Celestial Masters.
The only trouble was that if the Spirit Boundary was damaged, everything in the underground palace would be annihilated in an instant. So far, no expert had been able to force their way in.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1114
Because it was so long ago, the origin of this ancient Empyrean was very mysterious.
Even though there had been several opportunities to explore the underground palace, the martial artists that explored each time were still unable to unravel the true identity of this ancient Empyrean.
Such a thing was extremely rare in the history of the universe. This was because the position of an Empyrean in the universe was constant. For a Realm Lord to ascend to the position of Empyrean, an Empyrean had to fall. The fall of an Empyrean and the change in position would inevitably cause the Heavenly Dao to tremble. Therefore, every Empyrean born in this era was recorded in detail.
However, the origin of this ancient Empyrean in the Sifting Yin World had yet to be found.
From the nine-headed snake statue at the entrance of the underground palace, it was very likely that this Empyrean possessed the bloodline of the nine-headed snake. Back then, this Empyrean had set up nine entrances in the underground palace, which were the nine snake heads above the nine-headed snake statue!
Each snake head corresponded to a chance to open the underground palace …
When an entrance was opened once, the snake head would be severed and the enchantment would open again. The underground palace would then wait for the next opportunity to open.
100,000 years ago, Xun had entered the underground palace through the sixth snake head. Today, 100,000 years later, Ai Hu had obtained the opportunity to open the seventh snake head …
The several Holy Lands in the Sifting Yin World had always been paying attention to this place due to geographical reasons. If someone really opened the seventh snake head, how could these Holy Lands let go of this opportunity?
If Ai Hu could really open the underground palace, they would immediately send the young elites of their clans over!
After Ai Hu entered the seventh snake head, everyone quietly stood in place and waited. This underground palace was extremely deep underground. With this silence, even a needle falling to the ground could cause a huge commotion.
However, at this moment, a sound suddenly sounded in everyone's ears.
Drip …
It was the sound of water falling to the ground.
The sound of water dripping came from the darkness not far away. The seven Hou brothers looked at each other and revealed vigilant expressions.
Even though they were Divine Realm powerhouses, no one knew what would suddenly appear in this damned place!
Drip … Drip … Drip …
The sound of water droplets became faster and faster, as if some kind of liquid was dripping out from the darkness. The sound of water droplets reverberated in the spacious entrance of the underground palace, and it was very clear to the ears!
Mu Mingxue's face revealed a nervous expression. After all, she was a woman. Originally, she had maintained a distance of a few feet from Luo Zheng. At this moment, she moved closer to Luo Zheng and quietly asked, "What is Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and an abundant green light flashed in his pupils. He had activated the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils.
Luo Zheng took in the darkness where there was almost no light. When Luo Zheng clearly saw the scene in the darkness, his eyebrows immediately furrowed and he asked in a clear voice, "Brother Ai Hu, how long will it take to open the entrance to the underground palace?"
"I'll be done in a while." Ai Hu himself had already completely entered the seventh snake head. His voice faintly floated out from within, continuously reverberating in this spacious space.
"Please hurry. There is trouble here," Luo Zheng calmly said.
Although Luo Zheng's voice was very calm, Mu Mingxue's beautiful eyes suddenly jumped after hearing it.
The current Luo Zheng had already become an omnipotent existence in Mu Mingxue's eyes. If Luo Zheng called it trouble, then it was definitely not ordinary trouble. What exactly was in the darkness?
When Rao An heard this, he took a step back. Rao An's strength was the weakest in this group, but his brain was the best. On Changsu Island, Rao An had seen Luo Zheng's strength. Since this guy said it was trouble, then it was definitely not ordinary trouble!
As for the seven Hou brothers, although they maintained vigilance against the dripping sound of water, they were still relying on their high cultivation. When Hou Da saw Luo Zheng's reaction, he coldly snorted, "If you don't have the guts, then you still want to get a share of the Gathering Yin World's secret treasure. You are simply an idiot talking nonsense! Third Brother, go and take a look! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. His eyes were fixed on the darkness in front of him, but there was an imperceptible smile in his eyes.
When Hou San heard Hou Da's order, he chuckled twice. When he passed by Luo Zheng, he gave Luo Zheng a very disdainful look. Then he walked directly into the darkness!
Hou San held a luminous orb used for illumination in his hand. It emitted a faint dark yellow light as he explored the dark space beside the nine-headed snake statue. The space was very large. Even with the luminous orb in his hand, he could only illuminate a few feet in front of him in the dense darkness!
"Third Brother, did you find anything?" Hou Da asked.
"Not even a strand of hair, hehe." Hou San laughed, "Some idiots are really timid. Just the slightest movement and they become so jittery …"
When Hou San said this, the originally tense atmosphere immediately relaxed. The seven Hou brothers all laughed along.
Mu Mingxue naturally didn't laugh. She whispered with Quintessential Sound Transmission, "There seems to be something wrong with Hou San's luminous orb. How can it be so dim?"
Luminous orbs were divided into many grades. Although the one in Hou San's hand wasn't of the highest quality, it was still extraordinary. However, it could only illuminate a few feet in front of him. As a woman, Mu Mingxue was more attentive and discovered this detail.
Luo Zheng replied faintly with Quintessential Sound Transmission, "If I'm not wrong, there should be a trace of the Law of Darkness shrouding that area. It's suppressing the light of the luminous orb … Hou San is in for it."
While they were talking, Hou San held the Night Brightness Pearl in his hand and grinned from ear to ear. The six Hou brothers were also grinning, but as they laughed, their smiles froze on their faces. They stared blankly at Hou San, who was not far away, and their eyes were filled with terror.
Hou San didn't seem to notice it. However, when he saw his brothers' shocked expressions, he suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. He almost reflexively turned his head and shook the Luminous Orb in his hand. The darkness was still empty. There was nothing there.
Hou San let out a sigh of relief. He turned back and smiled, "Brothers, don't joke with me at a time like this!"
However, Eldest Hou and the others continued to stare at Third Hou with terrified expressions. One of them pointed at Third Hou's body. Only then did Third Hou lightly shake the Night Illumination Pearl. This time, he shone on his own body … …
The moment the Luminous Orb shone on Hou San, Mu Mingxue covered her mouth and grabbed Luo Zheng's clothes. She seemed to have fallen into extreme fear as well.
As for the six Hou brothers, they all took a few steps back!
Half of Hou San's body seemed to be crazily eroded by the darkness. His flesh was disappearing piece by piece. What was even more strange was that Hou San didn't seem to feel any pain. He didn't notice anything wrong either.
However, even if he didn't feel any pain, one could imagine the fear in his heart when he saw his own body become like this!
"Ahhh!"
Third Hou let out a roar of terror as he charged toward the crowd.
"Get lost! Don't come over, Hou San!"
"Die there for me!"
The remaining six Hou brothers were also frightened. As peak Divine Realm experts, they were quite confident in their own strength. Warriors didn't fear ferocious beasts, but facing this kind of invisible thing, they were extremely terrified. No one wanted to end up like Hou San!
"Luo Zheng, what should we do?" Mu Mingxue clutched Luo Zheng's clothes. Her face was full of fear.
Luo Zheng's gaze was deep. He turned around and grabbed Mu Mingxue's waist. He only spat out one word, "Retreat!"
"Whoosh …"
He and Mu Mingxue quickly retreated. As for the six Hou brothers, they followed Luo Zheng and kept retreating!

Chapter 1115
Those little moths were only the size of a finger, and their bodies were completely black. They constantly circled around the Luminous Night Orb.
Probably because they hated the existence of light, a few black moths suddenly shot towards the Luminous Night Orb. In the blink of an eye, the remaining light in the darkness was suddenly extinguished, and those little moths were once again immersed in the darkness …
"This, this is …" Seeing this scene, Hou Da's face turned green.
"This is the Black Eater Moth! There … there's Nether Yin Water here! "
"That dripping sound just now was the sound of the Nether Yin Water!"
"Quick, let's go …"
The six Hou brothers who were mocking Luo Zheng earlier were now scared out of their wits.
The Black Eater Moth was an extremely dangerous Exotic Insect. In the universe, there was a Exotic Insect Ranking, and every insect that could be listed on this Exotic Insect Ranking had an extremely ferocious divine ability.
For example, the Ice Blue Jade Butterfly, which lived in ice, was ranked 51st on the Exotic Insect Ranking. This butterfly looked extraordinarily beautiful, but to living creatures, it was an extremely fatal existence. As long as one was slightly infected by its cold poison, one's entire body would be instantly frozen, and even one's soul would be sealed in ice. In this lifetime, one would be unable to enter the path of reincarnation …
As for the Black Eater Moth, it was ranked 21st on the Exotic Insect Ranking. It was also a ferocious insect with a great origin. Under normal circumstances, the Black Eater Moth would live in the Nether Yin Water in the form of an egg. After thousands of years, it would still be in the form of an egg. As long as it was enveloped by the Nether Yin Water, the egg of the Black Eater Moth would be able to live for hundreds of thousands of years, or even millions of years without dying!
However, once they felt the existence of living creatures and needed to search for food, those eggs would be able to control the Nether Yin Water to flow out. The Black Eater Moth would hatch from those eggs and search for food in the darkness!
Just now, Luo Zheng had used his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to see that on the ground in the distance, droplets of Underworld Water were dripping down. In the blink of an eye, finger-sized black moths hatched from the water.
If they were ordinary moths, it would be fine, but Luo Zheng felt an intense aura of the Law of Darkness. This was an extremely rare Law of Darkness. Luo Zheng had previously seen it in the One Thought Sealed Tower. This Law of Darkness seemed to be the nemesis of light, and could devour all light. Therefore, the entrance to the underground palace gave people a feeling of extreme darkness.
After seeing this scene, Luo Zheng naturally knew that these moths were no small matter. That was why he asked Ai Hu to quickly open the entrance to the underground palace …
However, the seven Hou brothers didn't believe in heresy. Since they chose to die, Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He couldn't be bothered to remind them!
. As independent warriors, the six Hou brothers had joined hands to explore the universe. They could be considered to be very knowledgeable. Now that they recognized these Black Eater Moths, how could they be willing to stay here? Two of them quickly rushed into the tunnel in front of the underground palace. They were Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou of the seven Hou brothers.
"That side is also …" Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth. He originally wanted to say that the other side was also shrouded by the Law of Darkness.
After they passed through the tunnel, they lit up the two oil lamps on both sides of the tunnel. But now, the light from the lamps was extremely dim. Obviously, there were Black Eater Moths flying towards the exit of the tunnel!
However, Luo Zheng's warning was a bit too slow. Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou had already rushed over while green gusts of wind suddenly emerged from their bodies and wrapped around them as they rushed all the way to the other side of the tunnel …
However, before they could rush into the tunnel, black dots appeared above the two oil lamps. Then, the lamps went out with a loud bang. Everyone only heard two mournful screams, followed by the sound of bones collapsing.
The entire entrance of the underground palace was completely plunged into darkness and silence.
Without the light from the oil lamps, everyone was like blind people. The key was that there were countless Black Eater Moths wandering in the darkness!
No one dared to make any more light, because as long as there was a trace of light, they would become the target of the Black Eater Moths. As long as they were targeted by these finger-sized Black Eater Moths, their flesh and blood would be devoured in an instant, leaving only a lifeless skeleton. Moreover, it was said that these Black Eater Moths could even devour souls!
The most important thing was that these Black Eater Moths originally existed in a very special form. Even if their bodies were shrouded in raging fire and lightning, they could not be stopped at all.
In the darkness, Mu Mingxue's neat silver teeth were tightly clenched together. Although she was extremely frightened, she did not cause any trouble for Luo Zheng from the beginning to the end.
Since she had chosen to follow Luo Zheng, she was mentally prepared. Naturally, she would not regret it easily!
"What do we do now … …" Second Hou screamed, even with a trace of sobbing.
"Everyone, gather as close as possible. When Ai Hu opens the underground palace, we can retreat into the underground palace." In the darkness, Rao An's voice transmitted over.
Compared to the Hou brothers, Rao An's strength was not worth mentioning, but he was the calmest. This was because he and Luo Zheng were very clear about the current situation. If they were calm, they might have a chance to survive. Fear was of no help to their current situation!
Hearing Rao An's words, Eldest Hou also said, "Everyone, gather!"
Although the Black Eater Moths were small, they were born with an understanding of the Law of Darkness. These little insects that moved through the darkness seemed to be invincible. Ordinary methods were unable to cause them any harm.
Luo Zheng did not gather with them. Instead, he grabbed Mu Mingxue's hand. He could feel that Mu Mingxue was slightly trembling. He whispered, "Don't be nervous. Follow me."
Mu Mingxue reluctantly nodded. She still did not speak. She was afraid that if she opened her mouth, she would cry out … …
Although the surrounding space was pitch-black, Luo Zheng activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes and was able to see everything in the darkness.
As drops of Underworld Water dripped down from the sky, the number of these tiny moths increased. They densely covered their surroundings. As they fluttered chaotically, they surrounded them.
Now, Luo Zheng could rely on his superior vision to lead Mu Mingxue to avoid these moths. However, as time passed, this space would be filled with these Black Eater Moths sooner or later. However, Luo Zheng still had another trump card. He could use the "Gen Token" to summon the Immortal Mansion and lead Mu Mingxue into it … …
Mu Mingxue did not know that Luo Zheng had such a trump card. A group of Ultimate Divine Realm experts were unable to resist these Black Eater Moths. She, Mu Mingxue, was even more helpless. However, she could only trust Luo Zheng now. Only by holding Luo Zheng's hand could she slightly reduce the fear in her heart.
"Ai Hu, are you done?" Luo Zheng grabbed Mu Mingxue's hand and slowly retreated in the darkness. He raised his head to look at the nine-headed snake statue. Fortunately, the Black Eater Moths did not spread in that direction. If they did, Ai Hu would be stuck in the snake's mouth and the underground palace would not be able to open.
Ai Hu also knew that something had happened outside. However, at this time, he was trying to open the underground palace according to the method taught by the person in the Demon Realm. He could not be distracted and could only say anxiously, "Wait a little longer … …"
"What are you waiting for? Why are you taking so long to open the door?" In the darkness, Hou Da could not help but curse. For Hou Da, he really saw a ghost. He actually encountered such a strange insect here. In the blink of an eye, he lost three brothers!
Just as he finished cursing, another miserable scream came from the darkness. Clearly, another person was entangled by the Black Eater Moths.
As soon as the scream was heard, Hou Tai punched out in the air and sent that person flying.
"Big brother, that's Hou Qi!" Second Hou said angrily.
Hou Da said coldly, "If we don't do this, we will all die!"
Everyone's heart kept sinking and they kept retreating. However, there were Black Eater Moths everywhere. They did not know if retreating was the right choice. It was only their instincts.

Chapter 1116
As the space to dodge became smaller and smaller, Luo Zheng's gaze became more and more solemn.
These Black Eating Moths couldn't be killed?
Just now, Luo Zheng had seen clearly that when Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou rushed out, they had activated their Protective True Yuan. At the same time, they circulated their True Yuan and turned it into a fierce storm to protect themselves.
Even so, they couldn't stop the Black Eating Moths at all. Although Luo Zheng didn't think much of Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou's strength, they were still Divine Realm experts.
However, although the strange insects in the world were strange, there should be a way to restrain them.
Generally speaking, these strange insects were afraid of lightning. As Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were hiding, they saw a lone Black Eating Moth slowly floating toward them in the darkness.
Luo Zheng's mind moved. The Chaotic Ocean in his body rippled slightly, trying to condense a trace of lightning.
"You're overthinking it. It's useless!" At this moment, Xun spoke.
At the same time, Qinglong also said, "The Law of Lightning has no effect on the Black Eating Moths. Moreover, the lightning you release will attract a large number of Black Eating Moths!"
Hearing their dissuasion, Luo Zheng forcibly suppressed it. It was no wonder that Eldest Hou and the others didn't use this method.
"Then what should we do?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
"Wait. Wait until the door to the underground palace is opened. Then, we can rush in," Xun replied. Xun had entered the underground palace before. However, these Black Eating Moths didn't exist here 100,000 years ago. Otherwise, she would have asked Luo Zheng to prepare in advance. They wouldn't be in such a passive situation now.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He could only lead Mu Mingxue and wander around the palace.
However, as the dripping sounds became louder and louder, more and more Black Eating Moths hatched from the Underworld Water. The space they had to hide in was in danger.
"Ah …"
Another blood-curdling scream sounded out, followed by the sound of bones collapsing to the ground. It seemed that another person had been devoured by the Black Eating Moth.
Mu Mingxue's heart was pounding. She didn't know how long Luo Zheng could hold on in this desperate situation. Perhaps in the next breath, she would end up like those people. Her body would be completely devoured, leaving behind only a skeleton …
Luo Zheng's frown deepened. The dense swarm of Black Eater Moths had completely blocked the surrounding space. There was no way out!
"Go up!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The space in front of the underground palace was full of Black Eater Moths. If they stayed here, they would die sooner or later, but the number of Black Eater Moths near the Hydra statue was relatively small!
These Black Eating Moths fluttered in all directions in clumps. There was no way to find them. Luo Zheng stood motionless in place. After about half a breath, he found an opening. "Go!"
A force erupted from Luo Zheng's body. He directly pulled Mu Mingxue and jumped up.
Mu Mingxue felt a force coming from Luo Zheng's hand. Then, the world spun and she was pulled up by Luo Zheng. She stood on a high ground, but the surroundings were pitch black. She couldn't even see her own fingers. She was now dizzy and didn't know where she was!
Luo Zheng jumped on one of the heads of the Hydra statue, temporarily avoiding the swarm of Black-Eater Moths. However, the moths below were in a miserable state.
In just a short while, they heard Hou Da's roar. "Hou Er!"
It seemed that another person had died below …
The situation in front of them was still not optimistic. Luo Zheng's expression didn't relax. The key was that he couldn't do anything about these Black Eating Moths. He could only wait for Ai Hu to open the door to the underground palace.
At this moment, everyone suddenly heard the crisp sound of a mechanism. Then, the entire Hydra statue began to roar!
"Success!"
Ai Hu's voice came from the snake head. Presumably, Ai Hu had successfully opened the door to the underground palace!
At the same time, several blazing white lights suddenly appeared in the space in front of the underground palace. Several blazing white lights suddenly flickered.
For a moment, the entire underground palace was illuminated as if it was daytime!
Then, under the illumination of the blazing white lights, Mu Mingxue saw that the underground palace was filled with dense black dots, and each black dot was a Black Eating Moth!
Now, she also knew that there should be a lot of Black Eating Moths around. However, Luo Zheng carried her all the way to avoid the attacks of the Black Eating Moths. She thought that the number of Black Eating Moths would not be too many. But now, seeing the dense mass of Black Eating Moths, she felt a burst of fear. At the same time, she couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng carried her through so many Black Eating Moths. Or could it be that he could see these Black Eating Moths?
Right now, there wasn't much time for Mu Mingxue to think about this kind of thing …
Luo Zheng's attention was not focused on the Black Eating Moths. His eyes reflected the dazzling white lights. From these lights, he felt the mysterious power of the Law of Space!
"This is …" Luo Zheng's gaze was serious.
"Someone is using the Greater Teleportation Technique, and it's not just one person!" Xun directly answered Luo Zheng's doubts.
"Greater Teleportation!"
This Greater Teleportation could only be used after comprehending at least the fifth level of the Law of Space. It was obvious that the person who was teleporting here was not ordinary.
Soon, from the three blazing white lights, figures came out one after another!
"The Yao Night Clan, the Demon Clan … and the Human Clan?" Luo Zheng instantly understood. These guys should be waiting for the underground palace to open!
The Black Eating Moths originally hated light, but because of the Law of Space, they exploded with intense light. In an instant, all of the Black Eating Moths pounced towards the light.
However, the cultivators who came out of the light seemed to have come prepared. Whether they were from the Yao Night Clan or the Human Clan, they all held a thin yellow bamboo in their hands. From the end of the yellow bamboo, wisps of faint yellow smoke were emitted!
The Black Eating Moths did not fear the Law of Space, but when they came into contact with the yellow smoke, they were unable to resist at all. As the yellow smoke burned them, they fell from the sky one by one, dying in an instant!
"Haha, the underground palace has really been opened. It should have been a hundred thousand years since the last time the underground palace was opened? A hundred thousand years … back then, this old man was still a child! "The one who spoke was a human cultivator. This person was the Holy Master of the Yulan Holy Land.
"A hundred thousand years ago, our king entered once. I wonder what kind of benefits we'll be able to obtain from the underground palace this time?" Another woman from the Yao Night Clan said indifferently. This woman from the Yao Night Clan was the leader of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land. The Ginkgo Pavilion that Luo Zheng went to before belonged to the Purple Bamboo Holy Land. The king she spoke of was naturally Xun.
As for the leader of the Demon Clan, he was naturally the Holy Master of the Demon Clan's Holy Land …
Before this, they had been paying attention to the movements at the entrance of the underground palace. They didn't care about the life and death of Luo Zheng and the seven Hou brothers. However, the moment the underground palace opened, they naturally brought the young elites of their Holy Land over!
Within the underground palace, experts were prohibited from entering. The cultivation of the three leaders of the Holy Land were at the quasi Sector Lord level. If they rashly entered the underground palace, everything within the palace would be destroyed. Although they were unable to enter, they were able to send in the Extreme Divine Realm experts of the Holy Land.
Hou Da had already fallen into despair. In the darkness just now, he could only watch as his brothers died one by one and turned into a pile of lifeless bones. He didn't know how long he could last. When all six of his brothers died, a group of people suddenly appeared and easily dealt with the Black Eating Moths!
A nameless evil flame rushed into his mind. "You … why didn't you come earlier?"
If it was any other time, Hou Da definitely wouldn't speak like this in front of these super experts. However, when he saw the skeletons of his brothers on the ground, one could imagine the misery in his heart.
The Holy Master of the Demon Clan glanced at Hou Da indifferently and sneered. He couldn't be bothered to speak to Hou Da. A Extreme Divine Realm expert wasn't qualified for him to respond. His mountain-like body flashed and a bloody light condensed at the tip of his finger. That bloody light contained an enormous might. He was clearly going to kill Hou Da.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1117
In the eyes of these tenth rank Holy Lands' Holy Lords, Ai Hu's group was just a key to opening the door.
Once the door was opened, their purpose would be fulfilled. Killing them would be as easy as killing an ant.
Hou Da felt the power of that bloody light. If he touched it, he would probably be turned into ashes. His face instantly turned deathly pale. Because of the death of his six brothers, he lost control of his emotions and revealed such emotions. Only now did he realize that he had provoked someone he shouldn't have provoked. It was someone he couldn't afford to provoke!
Moreover, the other party was from the Demon Race. People like him were like weeds in their eyes. If they wanted to kill him, they could kill him.
Seeing that bloody light shoot out, Hou Da didn't even have the courage to dodge. After all, this was a World Lord level figure. There was a gap of two realms between them. How could he resist?
But right at this moment, the Holy Master of the Yulan Holy Land waved his hand gently, and a faint blue barrier of light appeared in front of Hou Da. The Holy Master of the human race said calmly, "Ye Xiao, didn't our three Holy Lands already come to an agreement that no matter which clansmen come to open the underground palace, they are not to be killed?
Hearing this, the bloody light in the Holy Lord's hand gradually dissipated. It didn't matter whether he killed an ant or not. He just snorted and ignored Hou Da.
The Holy Lord glanced at Hou Da. After all, Hou Da was from the human race. The Holy Lord said, "Since you chose to enter the underground palace, you should be prepared to pay the price with your life. As warriors, we are constantly being tested. You should take care of yourself."
The Holy Lord's meaning was very simple. Since you brought your brothers to explore the underground palace, you should be prepared to pay the price with your life. Blaming others for not saving you in time because you weren't strong enough? That was too childish …
How could Hou Da not understand this logic? It was just that he was very unwilling to accept it.
When he raised his head, he saw Ai Hu, Luo Zheng, and Mu Mingxue jump down from the nine-headed snake statue. Hou Da's heart was once again unbalanced.
It was one thing for Ai Hu to be injured, but why were the man and woman unharmed as well? Just now, the two of them were surrounded by the Black Eating Moths. Why were they able to escape danger? Hou Da couldn't figure it out no matter how hard he tried!
When Luo Zheng jumped down, the Human Race's Saint Lord's gaze fell on Luo Zheng. His indifferent expression revealed a trace of admiration. The Human Race's Saint Lord clearly saw that the kid in front of him seemed to possess some kind of divine ability that could see through the Laws of Darkness. Even under the siege of the Black Eating Moths, Luo Zheng was still able to calmly dodge and persist until the last moment.
Luo Zheng and the Saint Lord's eyes met and he nodded indifferently. Luo Zheng hadn't ascended for long but he had seen half step Sector Lords, quasi-sector Lords and even Sector Lords. This old man in front of him wasn't anything special …
On the other hand, when Mu Mingxue sensed the cultivation of the Human Race's Saint Lord, she timidly stood behind Luo Zheng. Before, in the Spiritual Communication World, Hall Master Shen was already an existence that Mu Mingxue had to look up to. The Sector Lord in front of her was an existence that Mu Mingxue couldn't even imagine!
The Holy Lord of the Human race was rather surprised that Luo Zheng was able to remain so calm in front of him. He had originally wanted to ask Luo Zheng if this kid was an independent warrior. If he was willing to accept him into the Holy Land of Yulan and train him well, he would definitely become a powerful figure in the future!
"Master, everyone is here." However, at this moment, a Divine Realm fighter came in front of the Human Race's Saint Lord and interrupted his train of thought.
These Holy Lords could only reach the entrance of the underground palace. Although they had the strength to force their way into the underground palace or directly break the enchantment of the underground palace, once the enchantment was broken, all the treasures in the underground palace would be destroyed. If their cultivation was too strong, they would also trigger the power of destruction.
Because of this, in all these years, not a single Sector Lord dared to forcefully enter the underground palace.
The Human Race's Saint Lord nodded slightly. "To all of you, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. It has been a hundred thousand years since the last time the underground palace opened. All of you must seize this opportunity."
"Yes!"
Although the Yulan Holy Land was a tenth rank Holy Land, the Sifting Yin World didn't have much of an advantage compared to the other Great Worlds. Even the Spiritual Communication World couldn't compare to it. Thus, the Yulan Holy Land didn't have much of a reputation amongst the other tenth rank Holy Lands of the Alliance. Up until now, there wasn't even a single fighter qualified to enter the 13 Heavenly Palaces …
There weren't many opportunities left for the geniuses of the Yulan Holy Land. This opening of the underground palace was an exceptional opportunity for them.
Aside from the Human Race, the Demon Race and the Demon Race's geniuses were also preparing to enter the underground palace.
As for Ai Hu, his face was filled with helplessness …
He had finally obtained such an opportunity and came here with great difficulty to open the underground palace. He didn't expect that as soon as he opened the underground palace, so many people would be attracted! It seemed that the Sifting Yin World's secret treasures were an open secret in the Sifting Yin World. These fellows were waiting for him to come, right?
Previously, he had been too naive. He had planned to give 30% of the treasures in the underground palace to Rao An, 30% to Luo Zheng, and 40% to himself. Now, it seemed that he had been dreaming. With so many people entering, who knew what they would be able to snatch!
However, Ai Hu had no power or influence. Now that the underground palace's door had opened, he couldn't possibly chase away the three Saint Lords with his strength alone, right? If he had the strength to do so, there would be no need for him to enter the underground palace.
Seeing Ai Hu's depressed expression, Luo Zheng patted his shoulder lightly and said, "There's still a chance."
In any case, these Sector Lords couldn't enter. How could mere Sifting Yin World's geniuses compete with Luo Zheng and Ai Hu's talents?
Of course, there was still a chance. However, when he thought about how the opportunity that originally belonged to him was snatched away by these fellows, Ai Hu's heart was still unhappy. However, he was also a person who could rise and fall with ease. He prepared to enter the underground palace first with Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue.
Unexpectedly, just as they were about to enter the underground palace, the Demon Race's Saint Lord coldly snorted. He waved his coarse hands and an invisible force bound Luo Zheng, Ai Hu, and Mu Mingxue. "I don't know which corner these small fries came from, but you still want to snatch in front of my Demon Race?"
Under the invisible force's binding, the three of them were unable to move!
Ai Hu's face suddenly turned blood red. A wave of blood rushed into his face. He was the one who opened the door, yet he was still behind. This was too much.
However, that invisible force wasn't something they could resist. No matter how Ai Hu struggled, he couldn't move an inch!
Seeing Ai Hu's struggling appearance, a faint smile hung on the Demon Race's Saint Lord's face. If he didn't have this agreement with the other two Holy Lands, he would've already killed them. In the eyes of the Demon Race's Saint Lord, Luo Zheng, Ai Hu, and the others only needed to be the keys to the underground palace. Whatever happened next had nothing to do with them.
When the Human Race's Saint Lord saw this scene, he didn't say anything to stop it. As long as the Demon Race's Saint Lord didn't kill them, it wouldn't be considered breaking the rules …
Being suppressed by the Demon Race's Saint Lord's invisible force, Luo Zheng's brows tightly furrowed. Suddenly, the power of the dragon scales in his body burst out. He stared at the invisible force and raised his foot!
The Demon Race's Saint Lord had the cultivation of a Sector Lord. However, due to historical reasons, the Sifting Yin World didn't have a Sector Lord. Therefore, the Demon Race's Saint Lord was considered a "Quasi-Sector Lord". He had the cultivation of a Sector Lord, but didn't have the true ability of a Sector Lord. He was a Quasi-Sector Lord, just like the Spirit Martial Holy Land's Saint Lord in the Spiritual Communication World. Strictly speaking, he was also a Quasi-Sector Lord.
Although the invisible force used to bind Luo Zheng and the others was only casually released, the Demon Race's Saint Lord was still a Sector Lord. He was ranked in the top three in this world. His invisible force was almost unimaginable.
Ai Hu struggled madly to the side, but he couldn't break free from the bindings of the invisible force.
However, Luo Zheng activated the dragon scales one by one. As the surging power poured into his body, he resisted the Demon Race's Saint Lord's invisible force and walked towards the entrance of the underground palace …

Chapter 1118
This brat, who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, was actually able to break free from his restraining power?
At this moment, the Demon Race's Holy Lord suspected that he was seeing things!
Just now, when he used the Binding Force, it seemed to be very simple, but it was like a giant stretching out his finger and pressing down on a small reptile. Perhaps some small reptiles were stronger than ordinary ones, but if they wanted to break free from his finger, it would be wishful thinking!
Luo Zheng was like a little bug. Although there was a huge force pressing down on him, it didn't stop him. He forced himself to walk towards the entrance of the underground palace!
It wasn't just the Demon Race's Holy Lord. At this moment, even the Demon Race's Holy Lords and the Human Race's Holy Lords had strange expressions on their faces. Clearly, they hadn't expected this to happen …
"Interesting." The Demon Race's Holy Lord smiled coldly. He was competing with Luo Zheng. He raised his hand and pressed down on Luo Zheng with his thick finger.
At the same time, an even stronger restraining power enveloped Luo Zheng's body! The Demon Race's Holy Lord had intentionally used this power, and he was only using it on Luo Zheng. The strength of this power was naturally several times stronger than before!
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and he released all the dragon scales in his body. The power of more than ten thousand dragon scales was completely activated.
Under everyone's gazes, Luo Zheng's body only paused for a moment. A series of crackling sounds came from Luo Zheng's body, and his body expanded a bit. Then, he took another step forward.
"Heh!" The Demon Race's Holy Lord was now competing with Luo Zheng. He didn't believe that this brat, who was only at the Divine Sea Realm, could really overpower his finger. After gathering his strength, he pressed down on Luo Zheng's head with his palm.
"Ye Xiao, you're a Holy Lord, yet you're competing with a junior. You're losing the limelight …"
The Human Race's Holy Lord couldn't bear to watch any longer. He waved his hand and dispersed the Demon Race's Holy Lord's enormous strength.
When the enormous strength wasn't dispersed, Luo Zheng immediately felt his body lighten. The Human Race's Holy Lord also dispersed the strength that was suppressing Ai Hu and Mu Mingxue.
Hearing this, the Demon Race's Holy Lord chuckled. "It's not a competition. I just feel that this brat is somewhat interesting!"
The Human Race's Holy Lord had a trace of a smile. When he attacked, he felt that Luo Zheng 'potential. After exploring the underground palace, he planned to bring this brat into the Yulan Holy Land.
Since there was no one stopping Luo Zheng and the rest, they quickly walked towards the entrance of the underground palace. Nearby, Rao An's eyes flickered. With a smile plastered on his face, he loudly said, "Brother Ai Hu, wait for me!"
Rao An understood that if he didn't go in now, he wouldn't have a chance to go in under the watchful eyes of the Holy Lords. Although he was calling out affectionately, the others probably wouldn't stop him.
As for Hou Da, he was almost scared out of his wits. However, when he saw Rao An follow, he naturally wouldn't fall behind. He followed closely behind Rao An.
This time, the four of them were the first group to enter the underground palace of the Sifting Yin World.
Then, the Demon Clan, the Night Demon Clan, and the Human Clan's cultivators all followed behind them and entered the underground palace.
In front of the entrance to the underground palace, there was a dark yellow barrier. This barrier had been there for an unknown period of time, but it was still working.
This barrier didn't stop Luo Zheng. The moment he stepped into the barrier, he easily passed through it. Ai Hu also passed through, followed by Mu Mingxue, Rao An, Hou Da …
The moment Luo Zheng passed through the barrier, he stepped on empty air and fell straight down.
In front of him was a bottomless abyss!
It wasn't just Luo Zheng. Ai Hu, Mu Mingxue, Hou Da, Rao An, and the others were also in the same situation …
When ordinary cultivators encountered such a situation, they would habitually circulate their True Origin Energy in an attempt to stabilize themselves in the air and stop the crazy momentum of their fall!
However, Mu Mingxue, Ai Hu, and the others also tried to reverse the momentum of their fall and float in the air. However, under the circulation of their True Origin Energy, it was useless.
Hou Da even used the Law of Wind to brew a powerful storm below him. Relying on his understanding of the Law of Wind, he used the wind to lift himself up, but it was still useless …
As for Luo Zheng, he went one step further. His figure flashed, and he grabbed Mu Mingxue. Then, he took a step forward and tried to pass through space. However, the result was very strange. He had clearly used the Law of Space and passed through space, but the moment he passed through space, he and Mu Mingxue's position didn't increase. Instead, it decreased!
"Why is it so strange?" Ai Hu couldn't help but ask. At this moment, everyone tried various methods, but no one succeeded. Everyone kept falling down.
"Ah …"
"What's going on …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng heard a cry from above. He looked up and saw that the cultivators sent by the three Holy Masters were also falling down …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's mood calmed down. "Xun, what's going on?"
"Hey," Xun revealed an unprecedented mischievous smile, "I just wanted to give you a surprise. Welcome to the Abyss of Reincarnation!"
"The Abyss of Reincarnation?"
"Yes, this Abyss of Reincarnation was built by the ancient Celestial Venerables. You can't fly in this abyss, you can only fall!" Xun's smile disappeared in an instant, and then she resumed her indifferent expression.
"But, are we just going to keep falling like this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"More or less. Anyway, you won't die …" Xun replied.
When they first fell to the bottom of the abyss, they fell at an accelerated speed, but this speed stabilized after reaching a certain limit.
When everyone started to fall, they were at a loss and panicked. After a while, they got used to the falling state. However, when they looked at the black abyss, they still felt uncertain. When would this fall end?
However, the weakest cultivator who entered the underground palace this time was at the Divine Sea Realm, and most of them were at the Divine Realm. They were not afraid of falling to their deaths, but out of fear of the unknown, they were still a little anxious. Who knew what they would encounter at the bottom of the abyss?
Amidst this anxiety, everyone continued to fall.
The whistling sound of the wind blew past everyone's ears. They had been falling like this for the time it took for an incense stick to burn …
As Luo Zheng fell, he looked at the environment in the abyss. He didn't know what kind of magical power the ancient Celestial Venerables had used, and why he had built such a strange abyss.
Even a Celestial Venerables would have to spend a lot of effort to build this Abyss of Reincarnation.
Unable to think of an answer, he could only ask Xun.
"I don't know." Xun's answer was straightforward. "100,000 years ago, when I explored this abyss, my cultivation was just at the Divine Realm. Even if I entered this underground palace to explore, I didn't know all the secrets. The origin of this ancient Celestial Venerables is extremely mysterious. So far, no one has guessed his identity … However, since this ancient Celestial Venerables spent so much effort to arrange his place of death, the only possibility is that he wanted to select one of his successors. However, this is just an inference."
After all, it was too long ago. No one knew what kind of calamity this ancient Celestial Venerables had gone through to arrange such an underground palace.
"Be careful. If I remember correctly, the first trouble of the Abyss of Reincarnation is coming," Xun reminded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng focused his eyes and looked down. He found that there were dark green vines at the bottom of the abyss. These vines were as thick as an arm and densely distributed at the bottom of the abyss.

Chapter 1119
There was still a slight difference in the speed at which everyone was falling.
After falling for a while, everyone found that although they couldn't fly, they could change their figures and adjust their falling speed.
If they put their heads down, their limbs would shrink, and their falling speed would naturally be faster.
If they stretched their limbs, their clothes would flutter, and their falling speed would be slightly slower.
At this moment, everyone was uncertain, so they tried their best to adjust their falling speed. Everyone gathered together!
Falling at such a high speed, he rushed into the dense vines.
On the surface of these vines, a mysterious power of the Law of Life emerged. They seemed to have their own thoughts. When Luo Zheng and the others were surrounded by these vines, the vines turned into long whips and lashed out at them!
"Pa! Pa! Pa … "
Under the whipping of those vines, a loud sound broke out, like the explosion of firecrackers!
Except for Luo Zheng, all the cultivators immediately condensed their Protective True Essence. Most of the cultivators of the Demon Race cultivated their bodies, so they condensed their Protective True Essence!
However, the power contained in these vines was far beyond everyone's imagination …
As the vines lashed out, the cultivators' Protective True Essence was instantly shattered, and they were slammed into the abyss wall, then continued to fall …
Unfortunately, everyone couldn't fly, nor could they adjust their position. They couldn't even dodge!
These vines seemed to contain a special kind of power. This power had an extremely strong penetrating power. No matter what treasure was used or what cultivation method was used, these vines would always be able to directly penetrate and whip the body of a cultivator. The pain that was transmitted was indescribable. It was as if these vines weren't just whipping the body, but also directly whipping the soul!
As a result, miserable screams echoed in the abyss, one after another. Every cultivator who was whipped by these vines had their faces completely distorted!
Facing the whipping of these vines, Luo Zheng was the only one who looked very calm.
Although the whipping power of these vines was very strong, it was wishful thinking to think that they could break his Divine Artifact Body. This whipping only made him feel dizzy, and as a warm current flowed through his body, it was easily resolved.
However, when he looked back, he saw that Mu Mingxue was also being whipped by those vines. Her figure was completely out of control and tumbling in the air.
Mu Mingxue was very weak before. When facing those Black Eating Moths, she was so frightened that she could barely control herself. She could only hold on to Luo Zheng tightly, but at this time, she was very strong. Her face was pale, but in the face of those vines' whipping, she didn't even groan!
After ascending, Mu Mingxue's state of mind also experienced great ups and downs. Although she didn't know what kind of fate Luo Zheng had and what kind of future he had, everything that happened along the way made her deeply understand that following Luo Zheng was absolutely the right choice, even if it meant being a slave or a maid!
She didn't want to cause trouble for Luo Zheng, but when the danger in front of the underground palace gate just now, she inevitably became a burden to Luo Zheng!
Although Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Mu Mingxue blamed herself in her heart. She could only blame herself for not being strong enough …
The pain of being whipped by the vines directly seeped into her soul. However, in order to not worry Luo Zheng, or rather, to avoid Luo Zheng's disdain, she clenched her teeth tightly and endured the pain. She did not even let out a groan.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He stretched out his four limbs and slowed down his falling speed. He quickly approached Mu Mingxue and pulled her into his arms.
Mu Mingxue was trying her best to endure the whipping of these vines. When she was suddenly hugged, she was slightly stunned. Only then did she realize that Luo Zheng was hugging her. Her beautiful face was dyed with a touch of red.
"Let go of me," Mu Mingxue subconsciously struggled.
Luo Zheng shook his head indifferently. "It's okay. My skin is rough and my flesh is thick. It's okay to whip me a few more times …"
Mu Mingxue pursed her lips and carefully twisted her body. She didn't dare to struggle anymore. When she was hugged by Luo Zheng, the whipping of the vines was blocked by Luo Zheng. Although she escaped the whipping of these vines, Luo Zheng was actually whipped!
The screams around them were transmitted to Mu Mingxue's ears. Whether it was the warriors from the Demon Clan, the warriors from the Human Clan, or Ai Hu and the others, every time they were whipped by the vines, their faces would show extreme pain and they would let out shrill screams …
Although Mu Mingxue felt a little embarrassed being hugged by Luo Zheng, she didn't know why, but she suddenly felt a little happy in her heart.
Ever since she ascended, her original longing for the Upper Realm was completely shattered. Her mood also plummeted. However, there was no medicine for regret in this world. Since she chose to ascend, she didn't have the ability to return to the Lower Realm.
It was only at this time that she suddenly realized that the path she chose to ascend might be the right one. Perhaps this was God's plan. She met Luo Zheng at the Well of Ascension and then followed Luo Zheng by chance …
After many warriors fell into this abyss covered with vines, they were whipped by these vines for a full two hours!
It wasn't until two hours later that the crowd finally left the area covered with vines. The bottom of the abyss once again appeared empty.
However, everyone's expressions were extremely ugly …
That kind of pain wasn't something an ordinary person could endure. Even if they were at the Divine Sea Realm, the Ultimate God Realm warriors' hearts were abnormally strong. Their ability to endure pain was also far stronger than ordinary warriors. However, this test was like a nightmare.
"Damn it, what the hell is this underground palace!" A warrior from the Demon Clan roared. Even though the Demon Clan was famous for their rough skin and thick flesh, they were completely helpless after being whipped by those vines!
"I heard from the Holy Lord that this Abyss of Samsara has no bottom. If you want to obtain benefits, you have to reincarnate again and again. Every time you reincarnate, you can obtain a part of the ancient Heavenly Lord's inheritance …" Another warrior from the Demon Clan said.
Xun wasn't the only one who had entered this underground palace. In fact, Xun had entered this underground palace through the sixth "snake head". This time, it was the seventh "snake head". The underground palace had been opened five times before, so there were six broken "snake heads" on the nine-headed snake statue.
Luo Zheng's gaze was still fixed below. Since Xun had said that this was a chance for him to improve himself, he would persevere without hesitation. He was very confident in his talent. However, just as Xun had said, compared to the many geniuses from the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng didn't lack talent, but a huge amount of resources.
Therefore, at every step in the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng would try his best to collect resources and make himself stronger quickly!
While he was thinking, he heard a timid voice. "Luo Zheng, can you let go of me …?"
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng remembered that they had already passed through those vines. There was no need to protect Mu Mingxue.
Thus, he loosened his wrist and gently pushed Mu Mingxue away from his arms. He smiled awkwardly. "Sorry."
Mu Mingxue's face was slightly red, but then she smiled slightly. Staring at Luo Zheng's awkward expression, she felt a burst of interest in her heart. She thought to herself that no matter how difficult the abyss in this underground palace was, she would follow closely behind Luo Zheng.
Everyone maintained a constant speed as they continued to fall downwards.
Since they had just entered the underground palace, they had already fallen a distance of more than a million feet …
They didn't know when it would end, but after experiencing the whipping of those vines, their hearts were even more vigilant!
At this time, Luo Zheng asked Xun, "What will we encounter if we go further down?"
"Hmm? Let me think … After all, it's been a hundred thousand years. My memory is a bit blurry. "Xun hesitated for a moment before saying," If I remember correctly, the second round is the Knife Mountain Punishment! "
"Knife Mountain Punishment?"
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know what that was, but when he heard the name, a bad feeling arose in his heart.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1120
All the warriors who entered the Abyss of Reincarnation hoped to obtain great benefits in this underground palace!
However, after experiencing those strange vines, these warriors understood that the benefits in this underground palace were not so easy to obtain.
Although most of the cultivators had withstood the vines' whips, apart from Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue, most of them had suffered some minor or severe internal injuries. Moreover, the vines' whips had cast a shadow over many of the cultivators' hearts.
The first wave of the Abyss of Reincarnation was already so difficult to endure. The following trials would probably be even more difficult!
It must be known that these warriors were only geniuses from the three tenth-rank Holy Lands of the Sifting Yin World.
Whether it was the Human Clan's Yulan Holy Land, the Yao Ye Clan's Purple Bamboo Holy Land, or the Demon Clan's Holy Lands, they were not particularly important Holy Lands in their own clans.
Among the geniuses sent by the three clans, only a small portion were Divine Sea Realm warriors. Most of them were Divine Extreme Realm warriors. Their strength might be slightly higher, but their talent was far from comparable to the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces.
Moreover, it would be good if they could obtain some opportunities to strengthen themselves after entering the Abyss of Reincarnation, but the treasures they obtained would definitely have to be handed over to the Holy Lands. Currently, many warriors were thinking of retreating …
The problem was that as soon as they stepped into the abyss, they fell straight down. In addition, they could not fly, so there was no way they could return.
Just as everyone was feeling very depressed, they saw purple dots of light floating in the air below the abyss.
These purple light spots were in a relatively stationary state, but because everyone was rapidly descending, it seemed as if the purple light spots were rapidly rushing towards them.
"These dots of light, what are they?"
Someone with sharp eyes and agile hands reached out and grabbed a purple dot of light while falling.
"Hey! This is a Divine Rune … "
"An extremely ancient Divine Rune!"
"It seems that these purple dots of light can help us return to the entrance!" A warrior cried out excitedly.
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue also grabbed a purple dot of light. The moment they grabbed it, an indescribable consciousness came from the dot of light. They instantly understood the function of this dot of light.
"Return …"
Luo Zheng grabbed the light spot and smiled. He reached out his hand and gently squeezed it, crushing it.
It seemed like the Primordial Heavenly Venerate hadn't really wanted to lure martialists into the Samsara Abyss. Although the Samsara Abyss was filled with danger, the Primordial Heavenly Venerate had still given them a chance to regret …
Some of the martial artists who had originally wanted to withdraw were naturally ecstatic after they understood the uses of these divine runes. They had originally been worried about how to withdraw, but now that such divine runes had appeared in front of them, how could they not be happy?
Thus, they quickly activated the Divine Runes in their hands!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Soon, a faint purple light shrouded their figures, and at the same time, they stopped falling. Then, at an extremely fast speed, they turned into purple escape lights and flew up into the sky!
In the blink of an eye, the number of martial artists in the Abyss of Samsara had decreased by half!
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Mu Mingxue, who was holding a purple dot of light. He asked, "What do you plan to do?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Mingxue's expression turned slightly serious.
Frankly speaking, Mu Mingxue didn't want to add even the slightest bit of trouble to Luo Zheng. Just like this trip to the Asura Yin World, in order to prove her value, she studied the information of the Asura Yin World day and night, just so that she could provide some help when Luo Zheng asked.
Mu Mingxue could absorb these details to supplement her knowledge, but cultivation and strength could only be slowly accumulated day by day.
She would only bring trouble to Luo Zheng if she stayed in the Abyss of Samsara. Thus, when she learned that these purple dots of light could allow her to return, her first reaction was to leave.
However, after thinking for a while, Mu Mingxue didn't activate the divine rune. She just flipped her hand and put away the purple dot of light. "I want to hold on for a while!"
Although there was danger, Mu Mingxue still wanted to see how long she could persevere in the Abyss of Samsara!
In fact, Mu Mingxue herself had also noticed that her temperament seemed to be affected by Luo Zheng. Her self-confidence was also recovering bit by bit. As long as she stayed by Luo Zheng's side, she could feel Luo Zheng's eternal self-confidence. The people around him were also easily infected by Luo Zheng's self-confidence, and similarly became self-confident!
"En!" Luo Zheng nodded. "Then I'll hold on!"
The remaining half of the cultivators didn't activate the divine rune. However, the majority of the cultivators did the same as Mu Mingxue. They didn't crush the purple divine rune, but put it away. If they couldn't pass the following test, or if their lives were in danger, they could still choose to activate the divine rune.
However, there was one person who did the same as Luo Zheng. It was Ai Hu. The moment he received the purple dot of light, he understood that the divine rune was telling him to return. With a casual pinch, he crushed the divine rune!
Ai Hu carried an intense hatred on his back. That Empyrean Feng Nu had almost killed him. Facing such an opponent, Ai Hu was willing to risk everything. He wanted to increase his cultivation as much as possible before the Illusory Battlefield opened. This opening of the underground palace was the greatest opportunity in his life. He wouldn't allow himself to have any thoughts of giving up!
Everyone continued to rapidly fall. After passing through the purple dot of light, about an incense stick's worth of time later, a thin white line suddenly appeared at the bottom of the abyss!
That thin line stretched across the center of the abyss, dividing the huge abyss into two, cutting it into two semicircles.
"What is that?" someone asked.
Because they were still far away, no one could clearly see what this thin white line was …
But as they got closer and closer, someone shouted, "Saber! It's a huge saber! "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. It was indeed a saber. Because the blade was facing upwards, everyone could only see a white line flickering with cold light.
However, it was just a huge saber in the abyss. It wasn't a threat to everyone. After all, no one would be stupid enough to run into it.
However, when the first saber appeared in the abyss, a second one soon appeared. This second saber was also in the abyss, but only half of the blade was exposed.
Looking at the flickering blade, everyone felt a faint chill in their hearts. However, they could still easily avoid it by slightly tilting their bodies.
"Is this the Saber Mountain Punishment?" Luo Zheng asked Xun.
Xun smiled faintly, "Continue down and you'll know!"
As soon as her voice fell, three more sabers appeared in the abyss, forming a small angle!
Although the number of giant sabers had increased, there was still a lot of space for the cultivators to dodge due to the sheer size of the abyss. It was just that one person was careless and flew past one of the sabers, almost being cut in half by the saber.
However, as everyone went down, the number of sabers above the abyss increased!
Four sabers, five sabers, six sabers …
Everyone fell like this. Their bodies were in the air and there was no place for them to transfer their weight. Their bodies weren't very flexible. Even if they carefully avoided the sabers, they were still in danger.
"Ah —"
One of the warriors did not dodge in time, and one of his arms was chopped off by the blade. Droplets of blood splattered out, like a rain of blood spreading down!
Hearing the miserable scream, Mu Mingxue bit her lips and stared at the saber below. The fate of being cut by the saber was obvious. If she was just facing those strange vines, it was just a painful whipping. But now, she was risking her life!
She focused all her attention and tried her best to avoid those silver-white sabers.
However, like other warriors, it was very difficult for her to change direction in the air. She was very inflexible …
Thinking of this, Mu Mingxue suddenly had an idea. Looking at the wall of the abyss, she turned her body and slowly approached the wall.
Seeing Mu Mingxue's movement, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a puzzled look. At the same time, Xun's voice sounded, "Hehe, that girl is smart. She discovered this little trick so quickly."

Chapter 1121
The walls of this abyss were very smooth, and there was nothing to cling to.
Previously, there were also cultivators who tried to break the abyss walls, wanting to smash a large hole in the abyss walls, but after trying once, they found that they had thought too much.
On the abyss walls, there was also a faint layer of enchantment. That enchantment was not obvious, but with the strength of this group of cultivators, it was impossible to break that enchantment …
However, Mu Mingxue did not want to cling to the abyss walls. Instead, she moved her body as close to the abyss walls as possible, maintaining a distance of about one foot from the abyss walls. When she saw several giant blades appear at the bottom of the abyss, she slapped the abyss walls with her palm, using the recoil to control her direction in the abyss, and then accurately avoided the giant blades!
Seeing Mu Mingxue's approach, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly.
Everyone fell from the sky and could not fly, so it was very difficult for them to avoid the giant blades. If they could not dodge in time, they would be directly cut by the blades. This method was effective!
Now, the cultivators who were willing to stay in this abyss were all people with strong willpower. Facing the giant blades that flashed with a biting cold light, everyone felt a little scared, but they all gritted their teeth and persevered. When they saw Mu Mingxue's method, they immediately followed suit and adjusted their positions to get closer to the abyss walls!
Thus, in this abyss, there was such a scene. All the martial artists were clinging to the walls of the abyss. Every time a wave of sabers appeared, these martial artists would strike the abyss wall. Some martial artists used their legs to stomp on the abyss wall, and some martial artists used their hands to strike the abyss wall, using this as a pretext to avoid wave after wave of sabers.
However, as the crowd continued to fall, the number of blades also increased. At first, there were only two or three giant blades that were intricately placed on the walls of the abyss. Later on, there were seven, eight, and even ten blades that were placed together. The space left for the crowd to squeeze through was also getting smaller and smaller!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently slapped the abyss walls, moving a distance of two to three feet. His goal was a gap in the middle of these blades. That gap was about five to six feet in size, which was enough for Luo Zheng to pass through.
But just as Luo Zheng adjusted his position and prepared to rush into that gap, a loud "Puff" sound came to his ears. It was a Demon Clan cultivator who suddenly hit the abyss wall on the other side. Under the force of the reaction, he was like an elephant, going straight for the gap in the middle!
Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator fell to the same height. If they fought for that gap, one of them would inevitably be squeezed out.
But the problem was that Luo Zheng was the first to exert his strength. The strength of his palm that hit the abyss wall was not very strong. If the strength was too strong, he was afraid that his whole body would have directly hit the other side of the abyss wall … The reason he reserved his strength was naturally to adjust his position so that he could squeeze into the gap.
But this Demon Clan cultivator was different. He arrived after Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng was flying towards the gap, the Demon Clan cultivator fiercely smashed his fists on the abyss wall. His whole body was like a small mountain, directly crashing towards Luo Zheng!
After many cultivators adjusted their positions, they also aimed their bodies at the gaps formed by the intricate blades below. Without moving, everyone would automatically fall into those gaps. Suddenly hearing such a loud noise, everyone's eyes shifted over!
"Luo Zheng! Be careful! "Mu Mingxue, who was below, was shocked when she saw this scene!
"Haha, get out of my way!" The Demon Clan cultivator sneered. After adjusting his direction, he even directly used his shoulder to crash into Luo Zheng!
This Demon Clan Divine Realm cultivator was tall and sturdy like a mountain. Moreover, there was a golden skull ram on his shoulder. Ignoring the dense blades below, if Luo Zheng was hit by this ram, his whole body would probably be smashed to pieces!
The other cultivators looked at Luo Zheng, a trace of pity on their faces. To be targeted by a Demon Clan cultivator in this abyss, this Luo Zheng was really unlucky!
This Demon Clan cultivator was also one of the top geniuses of the tenth-grade Holy Land. In addition, his Divine Realm cultivation was an entire stage higher than Luo Zheng's. Many cultivators could already imagine this kid's fate.
But at this moment, the Demon Clan Holy Lord's face suddenly changed. He couldn't help but curse, "You idiot!"
Although these Holy Lords couldn't enter the Abyss of Samsara, they still had a panoramic view of every movement in this abyss. This Demon Clan Holy Lord had just tested Luo Zheng's strength. The strength that Luo Zheng had erupted with had left a deep impression on this Demon Clan Holy Lord. He had used his finger to press down twice in a row, but he still couldn't suppress Luo Zheng! He was also very familiar with Luo Zheng's strength. Not to mention the Divine Sea Realm, in terms of strength alone, ordinary Divine Realm cultivators were far from being his opponent.
In fact, all the cultivators of the three tenth-grade Holy Lands were present. That You Hu had also witnessed the entire process. However, Demon Clan cultivators had always been arrogant and reckless. Perhaps it was because of Luo Zheng's performance that he deliberately sought out Luo Zheng!
The Demon Clan Holy Lord was also somewhat regretful. He understood the temperament of these Holy Lands' brats, but he didn't expect that You Hu would find trouble with Luo Zheng at this time. If he had known earlier, he would have warned them before entering the underground palace. If You Hu found trouble with Luo Zheng like this, he was afraid that he would suffer a great loss!
At this time, Luo Zheng was already above the gap. Facing the incoming You Hu, Luo Zheng's gaze slightly swept behind him. After locking onto another gap, his expression became serious. A majestic force quickly gathered in his body.
At this moment, You Hu leaned sideways, aimed the skull on his shoulder at Luo Zheng, and fiercely rammed over!
"Bang!"
Although it was a physical collision, the sound of the collision was as loud as thunder!
The moment You Hu collided with Luo Zheng, his bell-sized eyes widened. He watched helplessly as the golden skull on his shoulder shattered with a loud bang. This was a second-grade divine tool! He had even used this skull to ram a twelfth-grade Ferocious Beast to death. How could it be shattered by this human brat?
However, You Hu's biggest problem wasn't the shattering of the skull. When he and Luo Zheng collided, both of them were pushed back by the force of the collision. At this time, everyone, including Luo Zheng and You Hu, were rapidly falling. They were already very close to the giant blade.
Because of this collision, both of them were far away from the gap in the middle of the blade. You Hu wanted to adjust and find another gap, but it was already too late. Looking at the blade below him that was emitting a cold light, You Hu's face revealed a trace of despair. But before he lost all hope, he instantly activated the purple light in his body. He hoped that he could return to the underground palace through this divine rune before he was cut into pieces by the blade …
As for Luo Zheng, before he collided with You Hu, he had already calculated the force of the rebound. He and You Hu were like two colliding marbles. The moment Luo Zheng was repelled, he flew in another direction. And in that direction, there was another Demon Race cultivator!
That Demon Race cultivator had already adjusted his angle. He originally thought that he would be able to pass through this gap without any worries. Seeing Luo Zheng flying over, that Demon Race cultivator was stunned. He roared loudly, "You, you dare!"
"Bang …"
Not to mention the question of whether he dared or not, Luo Zheng himself couldn't control his momentum. He directly sent that Demon Race cultivator flying, while his body steadily stopped above the gap!
At this moment, the giant blades formed a deadly "net" and closed in on the crowd!
With the exception of Yu Hu and the other Demon Race warrior who had just been sent flying by Luo Zheng, all the others were facing the "mesh" of this "net", which was the gap between the blades, and passed through it without any worry.

Chapter 1122
All of this happened in less than a breath's time.
Yu Hu's body was embedded in the blades, but at this moment, he activated the divine rune used to return. His whole body was wrapped in purple light, and he was in a state of stillness. Then, the purple light pulled him out from the blades!
If it had been just a little bit later, Yu Hu's entire body would have been cut into pieces.
Even so, Yu Hu's injuries were not light. There were already several terrifying wounds on his body. More importantly, he had activated the divine rune, so there was no chance for him to return to the Abyss of Samsara!
As one of the top geniuses of the Demon Race's Holy Land, Yu Hu's heart was filled with unwillingness. Under the pull of the purple light, he roared at Luo Zheng, who was at the bottom of the abyss, "Boy … even if you can return alive, I can guarantee that you won't be able to leave the Asura Yin World …"
Compared to Yu Hu, the other Demon Race warrior was much more unlucky. That Demon Race warrior didn't expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly crash into him. Caught off guard, he didn't have the slightest reaction. His entire body was directly cut into several pieces by the two intersecting blades.
But the fall of this Demon Race warrior couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng. It could only be blamed on Yu Hu, who was of the same race as him!
When everyone saw the miserable state of the two Demon Race warriors, they once again looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of caution on their faces.
This Luo Zheng was originally attacked by a sneak attack, but he made such a decision in an instant. Not only was he not injured, but he also caused one of the two genius Demon Race warriors to die and the other to be injured. Whether it was in terms of wisdom or strength, this guy was an opponent that couldn't be ignored!
And the most frightening thing was that this guy was only at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm …
In view of the miserable state of the two Demon Race cultivators just now, many cultivators had restrained themselves a lot at this time, tolerating each other. If one of them occupied a gap, the other wouldn't push that person away, because if there was any mistake, it was likely that both sides would be cut to pieces!
About an hour later, the blades below finally disappeared. Just as everyone was thinking about what the next round of threats would be, someone shouted, "Below, there's a platform!"
Ever since everyone entered the underground palace and began to descend into the abyss, there was nothing in the abyss that could hold them up. At this moment, a platform suddenly appeared at the bottom, which immediately attracted everyone's attention!
"Get closer!" A golden-haired woman from the Yao Night Clan ordered.
The other Demon Night Clan cultivators adjusted their positions and slowly approached the protruding platform on the wall of the abyss.
In this exploration of the underground palace, the cultivators of the Demon Night Clan had performed the best. The other cultivators had bumped into each other, and it was inevitable that some of them had died or been injured. However, when the cultivators of the Demon Night Clan passed through the Mountain of Blades Punishment, not a single one of them had been injured!
"Let's go, too!" Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue nodded. Then, Ai Hu, Hou Da, and the cultivators from the Human and Demon Holy Lands moved to the side!
"Crack!"
The first to reach the platform was the blonde woman from the Daydream Clan. Even though she was falling at such a high speed, she did not make much noise. Her body was perfectly coordinated, and she distributed her strength evenly between her feet, legs, and waist!
It wasn't just the blonde woman. All the other members of the Daydream Clan were doing the same …
When the human cultivators landed, they all used different methods. For example, Mu Mingxue crossed her hands, and cold air formed beneath her feet. Then, she formed cubes of ice beneath her feet. These cubes of ice were stacked layer upon layer, and when she landed on the platform, the ice beneath her feet shattered. Because of this, her falling speed was greatly reduced, and she landed safely on the platform.
As for the Demon Night Clan cultivators, they did not have the slightest idea of what to do. They relied on their powerful bodies to smash onto the platform!
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
Like meteorites, they smashed down one after another, causing the entire platform to shake.
Some cultivators were worried that these fellows would smash the platform to pieces. But even though they were worried, the Demon Night Clan cultivators had always been rude and overbearing, so they remained silent.
When Luo Zheng landed on the platform, his gaze swept across the protruding platform. At the end of the platform, there was a cave.
"This cave …" Luo Zheng was just about to ask when Xun spoke.
"This is the first reward of the Bottomless Abyss. But whether or not you can obtain it will depend on your own ability."
The blonde woman from the Daydream Clan had already led her clansmen into the cave.
When Luo Zheng heard Xun's words, he didn't hesitate and walked in front. Ai Hu, Mu Mingxue, and the others followed behind him. Everyone entered the cave in a single file.
The cave was relatively narrow, so it wasn't a problem for humans and Daydream Clan cultivators to pass through. When the burly Demon Night Clan cultivators passed through, their chests and backs were pressed against each other as they slowly squeezed through. The Demon Night Clan cultivators were naturally cursing nonstop.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
In addition, sharp roars continued to be transmitted from the depths of the cave. There were also gusts of strong wind blowing through the cave.
The gusts of wind actually contained some sort of rhythm, as if someone was playing a flute. The sound of the wind was different in pitch.
It wasn't surprising to encounter anything in the Bottomless Abyss, so although everyone was puzzled as to why there were gusts of wind in the cave and why there was such a strange rhythm, none of them asked anything and just continued forward.
Not long after, the originally narrow path suddenly opened up, and a huge cave appeared in front of them.
Luo Zheng swept his gaze around, and he estimated that this cave was most likely over 10,000 feet in diameter, and it was tall enough to accommodate 10 mountains.
Since the Primordial Heavenly Sovereign was able to create a bottomless abyss, it was normal for the cave to be so big.
Inside the cave, gusts of wind were flowing at terrifying speeds.
The gusts of wind didn't produce wind blades. Wind blades were produced under certain conditions. For example, a living being had to use the Law of Wind to condense them, or when the gusts of wind collided with each other, they would form wind blades of different shapes and sizes.
However, the gusts of wind in the cave were moving according to certain rules. Although the gusts of wind were fierce and contained an astonishing amount of Law of Wind, they didn't form wind blades.
"Look, what's that …"
"There seems to be a Rebirth Vine growing on the side of the cave!"
"It really is a Rebirth Vine!"
"Hehe, don't you see that? There's a Flowery Fire Spirit Grass growing on that stone pillar! "
"….."
Whether it was the Yao Ye Clan, the Human Clan, or the Demon Clan, when they discovered that the cave was filled with treasures, their eyes widened.
Even to a tenth rank Holy Land, these natural treasures could be considered as relatively precious existences!
"How do we get there? Can we fly over? "someone asked.
They weren't in the Abyss of Reincarnation, so some people tried to float in the air. However, they quickly discovered that they couldn't fly.
"If we can't fly, how are we going to get those things? Isn't this …" some cultivators grumbled.
The golden-haired woman from the Yao Ye Clan glanced around and said, "Over here!"
Everyone looked in the direction the golden-haired woman was pointing at and discovered that there was a row of naturally formed stone platforms on one side of the cave. Standing there, they could see the full appearance of the stone platforms.
There were over a hundred stone platforms in this row, and below every stone platform was a circular wind path.
After seeing these wind paths, everyone understood where the melodious sound of the wind came from. Gusts of wind swept out from these wind paths. When these gusts of wind rushed out from below the stone platforms, it sounded like someone was whistling. The stone platforms on these wind paths were of different lengths, so the sound they produced was also different. Therefore, it sounded like someone was playing a bagpipe.
The golden-haired woman from the Yao Ye Clan stood on one of the stone platforms and looked down at the wind paths. She said, "It seems like every wind path has a different path."
"That's right! If we follow these wind paths, we'll rush out in different directions, and the treasures we'll obtain will be different as well! "Another cultivator agreed with her conjecture.
Right at this moment, a human cultivator suddenly pointed at the top of the cave and cried out excitedly, "Look … What's at the top of the cave?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1123
At the top of the huge cave's arched wall, there was a small crack in the rock, and within this crack, there was a withered vine hanging down.
This withered vine didn't seem to be anything special, but at the end of the vine was a thumb-sized seed. The seed was bright yellow in color, and its surface was extremely smooth. Who knew how long it had been hanging there?
Because it was quite far away, and because there were many strange flowers and plants in the cave, no one noticed this tiny seed.
However, as that cultivator shouted, he attracted everyone's attention.
There were all kinds of exotic flowers and herbs in this cave, which made everyone's eyes burn. Except for Ai Hu and Luo Zheng, most of the other cultivators came from the three great tenth-grade Holy Lands of the Asura Yin World.
The Sifting Yin World was lacking in resources, and they weren't as knowledgeable as the cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces. Every strange flower and plant in the cave was extremely attractive to them.
However, when everyone's eyes focused on the seed, they couldn't be described as' burning 'anymore. Everyone's eyes were practically spitting fire!
Even the Holy Lords of the three Holy Lands at the entrance of the underground palace revealed solemn expressions when they noticed the seed!
"If I'm not wrong, that's the seed of the World Tree!" A hint of greed flashed through the Holy Lord's eyes.
The Holy Lord of the Yulan Holy Land shook his head slightly. "Unfortunately, our cultivations have already reached the Divine level, and our inner worlds have already solidified. This sort of divine item is useless to us …"
The Holy Lord of the Night Demon Clan's Holy Land had an indifferent expression. "These juniors were able to obtain this seed because they were lucky. However, based on what I know, the seed of the World Tree has been hanging above the cave for countless years. The underground palace has been opened several times, but no one has been able to obtain it."
The underground palace had been opened six times, and the most recent time, a King of the Night Demon Clan had entered. The seed of the World Tree was a rare treasure in the universe, but even Xun hadn't been able to obtain it!
At that time, although Xun's cultivation wasn't high, she was already a King. She had led several times the elites of the Night Demon Clan, but she still hadn't been able to obtain the seed. It was unrealistic for these little fellows to think they could obtain it …
As such, in the eyes of the Demon Night Clan's Holy Lord, although the World Tree seed was attractive, it was nothing more than an illusion.
The three Saint Sovereigns fell silent once again. It was better to wait and see.
"This is the legendary World Tree. It can become the foundation of a martial artist and grow together with the inner world!"
"The World Tree's wondrous uses are definitely not limited to this. The World Tree seed can accumulate the power of the world. Even if it's just a tree seed placed in the inner world, it can still greatly increase a martial artist's strength!"
"If I use the Zhenyuan Sea in my body to irrigate it, when this tree grows, blooms, and bears fruit, it will give birth to even more tree species, and its might will increase countless times over …"
Many martial artists were very familiar with the World Tree's seeds!
It was not because this tree was very common. In fact, in the history of the universe, the World Tree had only appeared five times, and in those five times, two warriors had become Celestial Venerables!
There were many heavenly treasures in the universe. According to their uses, there were quite a lot of them.
But, the World Tree seed was different from many other heavenly treasures. Heavenly treasures that could directly affect one's inner world had a special classification called 'dantian treasures'.
As the name implied, the World Tree seed was a heavenly treasure that could be used in one's dantian.
To a martial artist, the inner world was a relatively independent world. Once the Divine Sea was opened, it could be used as a separate space. Many martial artists placed their own treasures into their inner worlds.
But, in comparison, the inner world was still an extremely weak existence. Normally, items and treasures placed inside would have to undergo a special process. Moreover, treasures like divine artifacts would not react with the inner world even if they were placed inside …
But, 'dantian treasures' like the World Tree seed were different. They could directly affect one's inner world. Anything that could be called a 'dantian treasure' was extremely rare in the universe and was absolutely a peak treasure!
The origins of things like the World Tree seed were unknown. Based on speculation, it was very likely to be a treasure passed down from the last evolution cycle. In other words, every time one was used, there would be one less. It was impossible for anyone to not be tempted by this item.
Now, the reaction of these martial artists could no longer be described as' tempted '. Instead, it could be described as' crazy '!
Every martial artist was rubbing their hands together. As long as they could obtain this World Tree seed, it would have a huge impact on their future …
Mu Mingxue stared at the World Tree seed and smiled. She turned to look at Luo Zheng and smiled. "Luo Zheng … can you get it?"
She was naturally concerned about the ownership of this World Tree seed. Mu Mingxue also understood that she could not compete with these martial artists. First of all, her cultivation was the lowest among these people. Moreover, these martial artists were all elite geniuses from tenth-grade Holy Lands. She definitely could not hope to win.
But hearing their heated discussion, Mu Mingxue also felt a faint sense of anticipation. She could not obtain it, but what about Luo Zheng?
"Move aside! Let me go first! "
At that moment, a burly Demon Race martial artist pushed aside the other martial artists and strode forward.
Those naturally formed stone platforms were connected by a small path at the edge of the cave. The Demon Race martial artist walked along the small path and looked at the World Tree seed at the top of the cave. Then, he looked at the row of stone platforms in front of him, a hesitant expression on his face.
The martial artists present roughly understood that there was a wind tunnel beneath each stone platform. As long as they jumped off a stone platform, they would definitely be sucked into the turbulent winds. The outcome of each stone platform would be different!
Since the ancient Heavenly Venerate had made such arrangements, there must be a turbulent wind tunnel beneath one of the stone platforms that could sweep a martial artist to the top!
The problem was that there were hundreds of stone platforms in front of them …
Stalagmites stood in great numbers in this cave. Every stalagmite had a rare treasure growing on it. If one walked up to any of the stone platforms and was swayed by the wind, they would probably be able to obtain something.
If it weren't for the World Tree seed at the top of the cave, there probably wouldn't be any hesitation. Everyone would have a chance to obtain one or even several rare treasures and be able to leave satisfied …
But now, compared to the World Tree seed, all the other rare treasures were simply trash!
This Demon Race martial artist could be considered a decisive individual. After hesitating for a moment, he clenched his teeth and rushed out!
He didn't choose a stone platform. Instead, he directly leapt into the air!
The moment he leaped out, his huge body was immediately swept into a turbulent current. The strength of the gale was so terrifying that his elephant-like body was like a leaf being swept up by the gale. He was light as a feather as he followed a fixed trajectory in the cave!
"This turbulent wind is rushing upwards!" A Demon Race martial artist excitedly roared.
The other martial artists immediately tensed up. There was only one World Tree seed and it had been picked by the Demon Race martial artist by sheer luck. The people behind him wouldn't have a chance.
However, just as they were feeling nervous, the wild wind turbulence that was originally lifting the Demon Race cultivator upwards suddenly swept downwards. The Demon Race cultivator simply didn't have the chance to resist. He could only be like a leaf, drifting into the depths of the cave with the wild wind …
Some of the warriors with excellent eyesight were able to see the Demon Clan warrior's face filled with unwillingness. Fortunately, when the Demon Clan warrior circled around a stone pillar, he reached out and grabbed a Heavenly Demon Fruit on the stone pillar. At least, he did not end up empty-handed.
With this Demon Race cultivator as an example, everyone became cautious. None of them were willing to casually take this step, all of them wanting to observe the rules of the situation first …
Luo Zheng leaned against the wall and looked at the World Tree seed at the top of the cave. He asked, "Is that seed very important?"
"Nonsense. Otherwise, why would I have asked you to accept Ai Hu's invitation? This World Tree seed is one of our goals. We must obtain it! "Smog replied with a tone that left no room for doubt.
"But … the chances of obtaining it aren't high." Luo Zheng shook his head.
His luck wasn't bad, but it wasn't good enough for him to get everything he wanted. Back when he was undergoing his tribulation, he had absorbed the Luck Destroying Yellow Snake. At that time, his luck was indeed heaven-defying and he could get everything he wanted. However, it only lasted for a short time. If he absorbed a few more Luck Destroying Yellow Snakes now, he was confident he could obtain the World Tree seed.

Chapter 1124
Since Xun said that she had a way, Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. He just stood to the side and watched.
Some of the cultivators knew that the chances of obtaining the World Tree Seed were very low, so they could only settle for the next best thing. They simply set their sights on other rare treasures.
After these cultivators chose their targets, they chose one of the stone platforms and jumped down. They floated along the wind path. As for whether or not they could obtain what they wanted, that would depend on their luck.
The blonde woman leading the Fiend Night Clan pondered for a moment before she also walked up a stone platform.
She wasn't in a hurry to jump down from the stone platform. Instead, she took out a small perfume pouch from her spatial ring. She reached out and gently touched the perfume pouch. A light pink perfume appeared from the perfume pouch.
Even though the wind was howling in the cave, the fragrance that floated out still seeped into everyone's nostrils. The fragrance was extremely refreshing.
Seeing this scene, everyone revealed a puzzled expression. What was this blonde woman trying to do?
"Heh, I did the same thing in the past. Someone must have taught her this method," Xun's voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng seriously watched the blonde woman's actions. He quietly said, "She … wants to check the direction of the wind?"
"Mm," Xun nodded.
When the pink fragrance mist floated into the wind path, it followed the wind path below the stone platform, leaving behind a pink trail!
The fragrance mist constantly twisted in the cave. After circling around several stalagmites, it changed directions in the air and floated to the other side of the cave …
"This way, we can see the path of the wind!"
"Testing it one by one, one will succeed. This is indeed a good method!"
Many cultivators were amazed by the intelligence of this woman from the Demon Night Clan. A few cultivators quietly moved closer to the stone platform. If the woman from the Demon Night Clan really managed to find out, they would be the first to jump into the wind path. There was only one World Seed, and no one was willing to give up on such a great opportunity.
"What should we do? Should I go up first? " Luo Zheng asked Xun. Since she knew the method to obtain the World Tree Seed, she naturally should go before others. If the Fiend Night Clan woman found it, the situation would become much more troublesome!
However, Xun smiled faintly. "It's alright. She won't be able to tell."
The golden-haired woman from the Fiend Night Clan moved very quickly. Every time she brushed her slender fingers across the sachet, a different colored fragrant mist would drift down. As she constantly changed stone platforms, the fragrant mist would draw colorful trails in the cave.
Not long after, she had tested over a hundred stone platforms with the fragrant mist. Every trajectory was imprinted in the minds of all the martial artists.
However, just as Kaoru had said, she did not test it out.
"What's going on?"
"Not a single wind tunnel leads to the top of the cave!"
"Then what's the meaning of hanging the World Tree Seed there? Are you kidding me? "
Naturally, no one could answer this question. The Ancient Empyrean had painstakingly built such an unimaginably large underground palace. What was his goal? So far, no one knew …
Most of the martial artists were unwilling to give up!
Although there were many rare treasures on the walls of the cave and on the stalagmites, none of the martial artists who had reached this step were people who would give up easily. If they had chosen to give up, they would have chosen to leave the underground palace when they faced Dao Shan Xing …
This was especially true for the martial artists from the three Holy Lands. They knew that in their own clans or factions, they were only considered peripheral characters. They were no match for the geniuses from the core great worlds.
However, everyone had embarked on the path of pursuing the pinnacle of martial arts. Faced with the World Tree Seed, no one would choose to give up!
Ai Hu's eyes flashed. After his earlier observation, he had already imprinted the trajectory of every wind tunnel in his mind. Since not a single wind tunnel led to the top, it meant that after jumping into the wind tunnel, they would have to change directions several times before they could obtain the World Tree Seed.
Everyone only had one chance. Whether they did it sooner or later, the situation would not make much of a difference!
"Brother Luo Zheng, I'll go first!" Ai Hu smiled faintly and chose a stone platform. Without any hesitation, he jumped down!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After jumping down along the wind tunnel, Ai Hu finally felt the power of the gale!
The power of the Law of Wind contained within was so strong that he could not contend with it at all. The primordial Heavenly Venerate had cleverly used the position of the wind tunnels to prevent the gale from interfering with each other. Otherwise, when the gale intersected with each other, the wind blades that erupted would have torn everyone present to shreds!
He drifted along the path of the wind like a leaf without any important parts, moving quickly along the path.
When his figure approached a stone pillar, he conveniently grabbed a light yellow flower on the stone pillar with an extremely fast speed. This was the "Returning Truth Flower", and it was also an extremely rare heavenly treasure. It could be refined into a Returning Truth Pill, which could purify the true essence. It was already in the category of being extinct in the world!
This wind tunnel had been planned by Ai Hu in advance, and this Truth Returning Flower was also part of his consideration.
Just as Ai Hu grabbed the Truth Returning Flower, he violently struck the stone pillar. The explosive force forcefully pushed him from one Wind Path to another Wind Path!
At the same time, he gritted his teeth and a crack appeared between his eyebrows. A small green stone emitted a faint green light. He had opened the Jade Door Immortal Combat Technique.
After changing the wind path, Ai Hu did not stop at all. As his body rolled, he aimed at another stalagmite and abruptly stomped on it. His entire body was like a fish jumping in a river as he leaped upwards!
"Ah, that kid!"
"He's close to the World Tree!"
"Damn it, he got there first!"
If Ai Hu could see this, then he would change his direction several times in the cave, changing the wind path to get closer to the World Tree. The other martial artists might have figured it out as well, but they were still a little hesitant. Many people were hesitant because they wanted to see what the others would do!
Seeing Ai Hu getting closer and closer to the World Tree, those who had been watching naturally felt regret. If they had known earlier, they would have taken this step first …
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Ai Hu borrowed the strength of the wind to rush upward. Success seemed to be right in front of him.
However, at that moment, an invisible wind blew in from the side. It forcefully changed the direction of Ai Hu's movement and pushed his burly body in another direction.
Not long after, he landed on the opposite side of the cave. Looking at the World Tree, he clenched his teeth. His face was full of unwillingness.
As for the remaining cultivators, they sighed softly when they saw this. They were happy that Ai Hu did not take the World Tree. At least there was still a chance for them. However, Ai Hu's failure also proved that this hope was very slim!
With mixed feelings, one cultivator after another leaped into the wind path. They did their best to get their hands on the World Tree.
Some of them were lucky. They chose the wind path and changed the direction of the wind path correctly. However, they still failed to get their hands on the World Tree …
Not long after, most of the cultivators reached the other side of the cave. Only Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, Rao An, and a few others were left.
Rao An's face was gloomy!
He had planned this trip to the underground palace for a long time. However, he had never imagined that the underground palace would be like this. Although there were many opportunities in the underground palace, he had to rely on his own strength to fight for them. His strength was clearly insufficient here.
Helpless, he also leaped into the wind path. Whether he could get what he wanted would depend on his luck.
At that moment, Mu Mingxue glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "I'm going too."

Chapter 1125
As an Ascender, Mu Mingxue didn't have much ambition.
She didn't even recognize all the natural treasures in this cave. She only knew that the tiny World Tree at the top of the cave was an extraordinary item after listening to the discussions of others.
However, she didn't set her sights on the World Tree. Instead, she locked onto the side of the cave where there was an ice lotus exuding a chilling aura.
She majored in the Laws of Ice, so this ice lotus would be of great benefit to her. However, she didn't have much confidence in herself. After all, not all martial artists who had leapt into the Wind Dao had obtained what they wanted. There were even some martial artists who were empty-handed …
Seeing Mu Mingxue's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and encouraged her, "Do your best!"
Luo Zheng couldn't help Mu Mingxue too much with this kind of thing.
Hearing Luo Zheng's encouragement, Mu Mingxue nodded slightly. "Okay!"
She spread out her hands and released a gust of cold air. She was like a piece of paper kite, flying out along a path of wind.
Perhaps it was because she was a little flustered, but Mu Mingxue's petite body kept spinning as she fluttered along the wind path. After a while, she barely managed to stabilize her body.
At this moment, her beautiful eyebrows were slightly furrowed. In fact, she also understood that although this ice lotus was precious, it wasn't a life-or-death item for her. However, when she thought of Luo Zheng watching her from behind, Mu Mingxue became extremely serious. At the very least, she changed from "can't take it or not" to "must get it"!
"Another ten feet!"
Seeing that she was getting closer and closer to the ice lotus, Mu Mingxue's expression became more and more solemn. Although these wind paths didn't intersect with each other, she was still blown unsteadily by the wind.
"We're here!"
Seeing the ice lotus so close to her, Mu Mingxue suddenly stretched out her hand. However, at this time, she discovered that her body was being dragged to the other side by a gust of wind. Her hand, which was originally stretched out, was only two to three inches away from the ice lotus.
Mu Mingxue gritted her teeth, and an ice-blue ribbon appeared in her hand. She wrapped it around the ice lotus. As the ribbon tugged at the ice lotus, an extremely cold aura erupted. Only then did Mu Mingxue's face reveal a hint of joy. She had obtained the ice lotus in the end.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Very soon, she arrived on the other side of the cave. She held the small ice lotus in her hand and examined it for a while. There were seven lotus seeds in the ice lotus. The ice lotus was formed naturally from the Laws of Ice. Just consuming the lotus seeds would bring great benefits to her.
Mu Mingxue looked at it admiringly for a while, then smiled at Luo Zheng, who was on the other side of the cave.
However, at this time, a burly figure walked toward her. It was a Demon Race cultivator. This Demon Race cultivator looked down at Mu Mingxue, and a trace of a sinister smile appeared on his face. "Ten Zhen Yuanyu, sell the ice lotus to me!"
When Mu Mingxue heard this, her expression changed slightly.
After ascending for so long, she had also dug mines. Naturally, she knew that ten Zhen Yuanyu was not worth mentioning in this universe. In addition, she was very fond of this ice lotus. How could she be willing to sell it?
However, this was a Demon Race cultivator at the Divine Realm. Whether it was cultivation or strength, he was much higher than Mu Mingxue!
"Ding dang …"
The Demon Race cultivator did not put Mu Mingxue in his eyes. He casually took out ten Zhen Yuanyu and threw them on the ground. He stretched out his huge hand, which was as big as a palm-leaf fan. "Give it to me!"
Mu Mingxue pursed her lips, and a trace of stubbornness appeared in her eyes. She took two steps back.
"I don't want to fight, but if you don't understand …" The Demon Race cultivator did not expect that Mu Mingxue would dare to refuse and was about to attack.
However, at this time, another burly figure blocked in front of Mu Mingxue. It was Ai Hu, who had also crossed the cave!
Along the way, Mu Mingxue had been following Luo Zheng. When encountering such a situation, Ai Hu naturally would not sit idly by.
However, when Ai Hu blocked in front of Mu Mingxue, the other Demon Race cultivators surrounded them. They formed a small mountain in front of Ai Hu and Mu Mingxue.
On the other side of the cave, there were quite a few human cultivators. Aside from Rao An and Hou Da, there were also the genius cultivators of the Yulan Holy Land. However, when they saw this scene, they did not attack. Instead, they acted as if this matter did not concern them. After all, neither Mu Mingxue nor Ai Hu were from the Yulan Holy Land.
As for the Demon Night Clan cultivators, they would not care about this matter at all …
Ai Hu's gaze was extremely calm. The Jade Gate Celestial Dipper on his forehead flashed with a faint green light. Although Ai Hu's strength was at the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm, and it was not difficult for him to defeat a Divine Realm cultivator, facing over ten Demon Race cultivators at the Divine Realm was still quite troublesome for him.
"Kid, if you understand the situation you're in, then move aside. I just want that Ice Lotus. It's not worth it to give up your life for it!" The leader of the Demon Race cultivators sneered.
Ai Hu did not move aside. He was a decisive person. The words of this Demon Race cultivator did not deter him at all. In his mind, he was only thinking about how to counterattack once the Demon Race cultivators attacked.
Mu Mingxue's face was deathly pale. There was a trace of unwillingness on her face. She looked at the Ice Lotus in her hand with reluctance. Suddenly, a voice sounded by her ear. Her eyes flashed, and she said with a calm expression, "You're right. It's a pity to give up my life for an Ice Lotus. I give up on this Ice Lotus!"
Ai Hu had a puzzled look on his face. However, when he turned his head, he saw Luo Zheng standing on a stone platform on the opposite side of the cave. Luo Zheng's expression was very calm, but Ai Hu could feel that there was a deep murderous intent hidden within this calmness!
From the looks of it, there was no need for Ai Hu to take action. Ai Hu stepped aside. As for the Demon Race cultivator, he chuckled as he caught the ice lotus. "Human Race woman, you're very smart!"
Mu Mingxue smiled. Her smile was very charming. However, these Demon Race cultivators did not know that her smile was not for them. She smiled because she heard Luo Zheng say, "Give the Ice Lotus to them. I'll deal with it later!"
Standing on the stone platform, Luo Zheng's eyes were as calm as water. These Demon Race cultivators were always reckless. However, he was not in a hurry to deal with this matter. That was why he asked Mu Mingxue to compromise for the time being.
His current goal was still the World Tree.
According to Xun's instructions, Luo Zheng chose the 72nd stone platform. The wind path below this stone platform was a relatively remote wind path.
Luo Zheng had observed that from beginning to end, not a single cultivator had chosen this wind path. The reason was very simple. When the blonde woman from the Fiend Night Clan tested the wind path with her fragrant mist, the wind path in this wind path flowed directly to the bottom of the cave.
Everyone's goal was to go up. Who would choose such a wind path that flowed downwards?
However, since Xun had said so, he chose to believe her unconditionally.
Currently, in the entire cave, there were only two or three cultivators who had not followed the wind path to the opposite side. Luo Zheng stood there and undoubtedly attracted the attention of many people.
"That kid seems to have chosen the most unreliable wind path!"
"It's useless. Some people like to take unconventional paths. However, the wind path's wind path flowed downwards. There's no chance at all!"
"Yes, I think so too …"
Due to Luo Zheng's previous performance, everyone couldn't help but discuss.
After making all the necessary preparations, Luo Zheng took a step towards the stone platform. His entire body merged with the fierce wind that blew out from the wind path.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Following the wind!
Luo Zheng's body suddenly sank, falling at a 90 degree angle.
However, the wind path's wind path maintained a certain angle after falling for more than 200 feet. It slowly rose upwards.
Due to the extremely fast wind, in less than a breath's time, Luo Zheng had circled to the right side of the cave.
"Left!" Xun's cold and clear voice transmitted over.
After hearing Xun's voice, Luo Zheng seized the opportunity to hit a stalagmite on the left. His entire body rushed out of this wind path and into another wind path.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1126
Every wind path had a different trajectory, but they would all converge on the other side of the cave.
Luo Zheng wasn't the first cultivator to change wind paths. Ai Hu and a few other cultivators had also changed wind paths several times.
However, Luo Zheng's change of wind paths this time was completely incomprehensible to the other cultivators.
Whether it was Ai Hu or the other cultivators, they were all blindly charging upwards. Their goal was very clear: their only goal was the World Tree.
But this time, Luo Zheng's position was getting lower and lower as he switched from one wind tunnel to another ….
"Now, change again!" Smog's voice rang out again.
Next, Luo Zheng kicked off a towering stone pillar, once again breaking away from this wind path and changing his trajectory once more!
"Right side! Change! "
"Left side …"
Following Smog's series of commands, Luo Zheng almost completed an acrobatic performance that was too much for the eyes to take in!
His entire body relied on the direction of the wind to leap around the cave, but he always maintained his position at the bottom of the cave …
"This guy, is he here to perform acrobatics?" A cultivator stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng had not been able to take away a single rare treasure so far, the way his figure flashed still caused many cultivators to silently admire him in their hearts. If it were them, it would probably be very difficult for them to make such a reaction, especially when they were being swept by a gust of wind.
After changing wind paths 13 times in a row, Luo Zheng actually arrived at the center of the cave.
When Luo Zheng rushed to the center, a strange phenomenon occurred.
At this time, Luo Zheng didn't advance or retreat. His entire body floated in the center, and around Luo Zheng, there seemed to be a slowly rising airflow. It wrapped around his entire body, and he slowly rose up, floating towards the World Tree at the top of the cave!
"This … What's going on?"
"This guy can't be flying by himself, right? It's clearly impossible to fly here! "
"It seems like there was originally a rising wind in that area, and it directly lifted Luo Zheng up!"
Seeing this scene, Mu Mingxue revealed an excited expression. The World Tree was so difficult that Mu Mingxue didn't even dare to think about it. It seemed like nothing could stump Luo Zheng!
Ai Hu's face also revealed an excited expression. Although he didn't obtain the World Tree, he had always been convinced by those stronger than him. For Luo Zheng to be able to accomplish this, only admiration remained in his heart!
As for the cultivators of the Sifting Yin World's Three Holy Lands, their eyes were about to spit fire........................................................
...........
In truth, the Holy Lord of the Demon Race's Holy Land very much wanted to send a voice transmission into the underground palace. He had to seize the World Tree!
His inner world had already solidified, so the World Tree was no longer of any use to him. But if he offered it up, he believed he would receive a decent return.
Since that kid had obtained the World Tree, he probably wouldn't foolishly keep it. He would definitely swallow it …
The Holy Lord of the Human Race's Holy Land's expression immediately became indifferent. His eyes revealed an unconcealable look of admiration. However, he was very puzzled. How in the world had this kid found this path?
There were hundreds of wind paths in this cave, and the changes were almost endless. But Luo Zheng had been able to accurately reach the center of the cave by changing the wind paths. He even knew that there was a gentle, slowly rising whirlwind there. This couldn't be a coincidence!
Luo Zheng also had this doubt in his heart.
When the whirlwind lifted him up, Luo Zheng asked, "Xun, how did you find this method?"
Xun smiled slightly. "When I first came to explore this cave, I already knew the principle behind it. I used the fragrant mist to outline the trajectories of the hundreds of wind paths. Only then did I discover that the wind paths in this cave were actually arranged according to the Nine Tunes Ten Winds Formation!"
The Nine Tunes Ten Winds Formation was an ancient formation. Back then, when Xun led a group of people into the underground palace, there were naturally people who recognized this formation. They quickly realized that if they wanted to obtain the World Seed, they had to enter the heart of the wind formation.
Although Xun had understood this wind formation at the time, she wasn't proficient in it. Although she saw the flaws deliberately left behind in the wind formation, she made a miscalculation while crossing the wind paths, and in the end, she floated to the opposite side of the cave ….
Xun felt very regretful that she couldn't obtain the World Tree. After leaving the underground palace, she carefully studied the Nine Tunes Ten Winds Formation. Although it had been a long time since they last encountered it, Xun had learned her lesson. Coupled with Luo Zheng's precise coordination, she easily passed through it!
Soon, Luo Zheng arrived at the top of the cave. The World Tree hung next to him.
Under countless envious gazes, Luo Zheng reached out and pinched the World Tree. With a gentle tug, the withered vine snapped, and the World Tree finally fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
The World Tree was very smooth, like a pebble that had been washed by water. He stared at it, but didn't see anything special about it. He asked, "Can I directly swallow this World Tree?"
Xun nodded. "After swallowing it, you have to draw it into your dantian. This World Tree will take root and sprout in your inner world …."
"But there's a problem." Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of worry.
"What problem?"
"Since this World Tree is planted in my inner world, it should grow by absorbing true essence, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Xun thought for a moment, then said, "That's right. You're worried about whether it can absorb your chaotic energy?"
Luo Zheng nodded ….
Xun expressed that she wasn't sure. After all, there was no true essence in the dantian. Even Xun had never heard of such a situation.
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He couldn't give up on the World Tree just because he was worried, right? He wasn't that stupid.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to swallow the World Tree, a burly demon martial artist on the other side of the cave suddenly roared, "Human brat! Put down the World Tree, and I can guarantee that you leave the underground palace safely! If you dare swallow it, I can guarantee that this underground palace will be your grave! "
Luo Zheng floated at the top of the cave, looking down at the demon martial artist. A trace of ridicule appeared on his face.
It was this demon martial artist who'd snatched Mu Mingxue's ice lotus just now!
In Luo Zheng's heart, he already owed the life of this Demon Race martial artist … But this fellow still dared to threaten him now. Luo Zheng could only sneer!
Sneering, Luo Zheng swallowed the World Tree. Afterward, Luo Zheng drew out a stream of chaotic energy from his dantian, hooking the World Tree all the way down into his inner world.
Luo Zheng's sea of chaos was still calm. There wasn't even a trace of a ripple!
When other martial artists circulated their cultivation methods, the divine sea within their bodies would often set off perilous waves. However, Luo Zheng's sea of chaos rarely experienced such a situation.
The sea of chaos condensed from chaotic energy seemed to be far thicker than the seas of true essence.
Pop ….
After the World Tree entered his dantian, it sank into Luo Zheng's sea of chaos. A ripple appeared on the surface of the sea of chaos, then it sank and quickly disappeared.
"That's it?" Luo Zheng asked Xun after seeing this scene.
Smog shrugged. "What else do you want? The World Tree has already entered your dantian. There's no way to take it out … It'll take some time for the World Tree to take root and sprout. "
Luo Zheng nodded when he heard this, and then his gaze descended onto that Devil Race cultivator once more!
Seeing Luo Zheng swallow the World Tree, the demon martial artist's heart bled. Of course, he wasn't the only one who felt terrible. The other martial artists weren't any happier.

Chapter 1127
Besides the Demon Race cultivator, the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan cultivators all stared at Luo Zheng with gloomy eyes.
"He really swallowed the World Tree Seed!"
"Can he retrieve it if he disembowels it?"
"I heard that it's impossible. Dantian treasures enter one's inner world directly after swallowing it. If he's killed, his inner world will collapse and everything within it will be destroyed!"
"Then there's nothing we can do …"
After swallowing a Dantian treasure, not only would others not be able to take it out, even the person who swallowed the Dantian treasure would not be able to take it out!
Luo Zheng did not move as he floated at the top of the cave. According to Xun's advice, it was best to rest for a while after swallowing the World Tree Seed so that it could safely sink to the bottom of his Chaotic Sea …
As for the cultivators on the other side of the cave, they all looked at Luo Zheng as if they wanted to swallow him alive, but Luo Zheng ignored them.
Just as everyone was discussing, a smile suddenly appeared on the Demon cultivator's face. Although he was smiling, his smile was extremely ferocious. Anyone could tell that the Demon cultivator wanted to swallow Luo Zheng whole!
"Kid, I've already said that if you dare to swallow this seed, this underground palace will be your grave!"
The platform on the other side of the cave was not large to begin with. When the Demon cultivator erupted with such momentum, the other cultivators all retreated.
"It's the bloodline of the Ancient Ferocious Ape!"
"His Ancient Ferocious Ape bloodline seems extremely pure …"
"When that human kid comes down, let's attack him together. Who knows, the World Tree Seed might not have entered his dantian yet!"
Although Luo Zheng's previous performance had made the cultivators of the three great tenth-rank Holy Lands wary, with the Demon cultivator who had awakened the Ancient Ferocious Ape taking the lead, the others all followed suit.
If they killed Luo Zheng, they might still have a chance to obtain the World Tree Seed. If they did not act, they would not even have a chance to obtain it!
Under the influence of greed, it was easy for these martial artists to lose their reason. After all, if they obtained this World Tree Seed, it meant that their future path would be expanded countless times over. Their fates would also be filled with countless possibilities. No one was willing to stay in such a poor and barren world …
In comparison, the Demon Night Clan members were much more reserved. The blonde woman from the Demon Night Clan led her people to a corner. Although she was disappointed that Luo Zheng had obtained the World Tree Seed, Luo Zheng had obtained it with his own strength. Aside from Luo Zheng, no one else had been able to see the true path of the wind!
The golden-haired woman from the Demon Night Clan was also puzzled. How had Luo Zheng been able to accurately find the most correct wind path among so many wind paths?
Luo Zheng floated at the top of the cave, quietly looking at the restless warriors on the opposite side. His eyes were calm. After waiting like this for about half an hour, he suddenly felt a strange feeling coming from his dantian.
After the World Tree Seed sank into the sea of chaos, Luo Zheng could no longer sense its existence.
Right now, the World Tree Seed was slowly sinking into the sea of chaos until it finally reached the bottom. After it sank to the bottom, thin tendrils suddenly grew out of the originally smooth seed. After these tendrils stretched out, they quickly took root in Luo Zheng's dantian!
After the World Tree Seed took root, Luo Zheng also quickly sensed its existence. In a sense, the World Tree Seed had already become one with Luo Zheng!
"That's enough." The corners of Luo Zheng's lips curled up. A faint killing intent quietly appeared in his eyes that were originally as calm as the sea.
The spiraling winds that supported Luo Zheng originally maintained a delicate balance, but as Luo Zheng's body leaned forward slightly, his entire body slid forward. Soon, he was swept into a wind path and shot towards the other side of the cave!
Seeing Luo Zheng being swept into the wind path and pushed all the way over, the Demon Clan warrior who had awakened the Ancient Ferocious Ape bloodline roared. At the same time, he took out a giant hammer that flickered with a dark golden light from his Sumeru Space. At this moment, his eyes turned red, and the ferocious ape aura that erupted from his body was extremely powerful. Even Mu Mingxue, who was standing far away, turned deathly pale under the pressure of this aura. On the other hand, Ai Hu's face was filled with caution. He also knew that the moment Luo Zheng descended, there would be a fierce battle!
This Demon Clan warrior planned to take advantage of the moment Luo Zheng descended to use this dark golden hammer to smash Luo Zheng into a bloody pulp …
Under everyone's watchful eyes, Luo Zheng quickly floated down the wind path, like a small fish that had successfully swam down. There was a faint smile on his face as he calmly took out a sword from his Sumeru Space Ring.
"Thunder Wind Divine Sword. This brat … came from Cloud Mist Palace?"
The moment Luo Zheng took out that sword, the human Holy Lord's face turned extremely serious.
In that instant, the Holy Lord of the Yulan Holy Land saw through the origins of the sword in Luo Zheng's hand!
From the very beginning, this Holy Lord had been suspicious of Luo Zheng and Ai Hu's origins. According to common sense, if they possessed such strength at such a cultivation, then they definitely weren't unknown existences in the higher realms.
Thus, the Holy Lord's initial plan was to wait until Luo Zheng and Ai Hu left the underground palace before he asked the two of them. If these two were truly independent martial artists, then he would have picked up a treasure. But as Luo Zheng displayed his strength, the Holy Lord became increasingly certain that Luo Zheng's origins were not simple!
Reality proved this Holy Lord's conjecture …
The moment Luo Zheng revealed the Thunder Wind Divine Sword, the human Holy Lord immediately recognized it.
"Xiao Daolai's sword once fell into this brat's hands. This is the only possibility … this brat came from Cloud Mist Palace, so it's not strange for him to display such strength." The human Holy Lord sighed, a trace of disappointment appearing on his face.
The human Holy Lord could see through the origins of this sword, but in the eyes of the martial artists in the underground palace, they could only see the grade of this sword.
"A first-grade divine artifact!"
"It's indeed a first-grade divine artifact. How did this brat get it?"
"As the saying goes, don't show off your wealth. You're only at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, yet you dare to show off a first-grade divine artifact. Haha, we don't want to kill you, you're courting death!"
The crowd was originally waiting for the Demon Race martial artist to make a move so they could swarm over. When they saw Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Divine Sword, the greed in their eyes became even more intense!
After all, the Holy Land of the Asura World couldn't be compared to the core great worlds. Although they were the geniuses of the younger generation of the Holy Land, their vision was still far inferior to that of the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces. This first-grade divine artifact was extremely extraordinary even in the eyes of the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces, but in the eyes of these martial artists, it was a treasure that was enough to make them go crazy. It was comparable to the World Tree Luo Zheng had swallowed.
Everyone's thoughts flashed quickly, but in fact, it only took a moment.
As Luo Zheng flew over at an extremely fast speed, the Demon Race martial artist who had awakened the Ancient Era's Ferocious Ape raised his dark golden giant hammer!
An earthy yellow light condensed on the giant hammer, instantly causing the Demon Race martial artist's aura to become several times heavier. Then, a roar was heard from the Demon Race martial artist.
"Violent Earth, Heaven Splitting Earth!"
Generally, the Demon Race martial artist's most common skill was the Body Refining Technique. However, this Demon Race martial artist relied on his Ancient Era's Ferocious Ape bloodline to make his physical body not inferior to those Body Refining Technique. Moreover, he specialized in the Law of Earth. With the combination of these two divine abilities, the power of his hammer was even more obvious!
Seeing the Demon Race martial artist's all-out attack, the other martial artists couldn't help but gasp. Perhaps this hammer could smash Luo Zheng and his sword into pieces? Although Luo Zheng's sword was a first-grade divine artifact, sword-type weapons weren't thick, so it was normal for it to be smashed into pieces …
Mu Mingxue looked indifferently at Luo Zheng's smiling face. Her heart was also filled with worry. However, when she looked at Luo Zheng's smiling face, an inexplicable confidence emerged in her heart. He would definitely be able to deal with it!
The moment the Demon Race martial artist swung his hammer, Luo Zheng suddenly threw out the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in his hand.

Chapter 1128
When Luo Zheng chose to face the Demon Race warrior's hammer head on, many people thought he was crazy!
After all, under such circumstances, a Divine Sea Realm warrior's chances of winning weren't too high.
Generally, when human martial artists fought with fiends, they would all choose other methods instead of clashing head-on.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's Thunder and Wind Divine Sword suddenly emitted a cold light. At the same time, endless killing intent surged out from Luo Zheng's body!
The surging killing intent spread out, even suppressing the Ancient Ferocious Ape aura that the Demon Race warrior emitted. Then, everyone saw the five foot long sword in Luo Zheng's hand chopping down on the giant hammer!
"Boom!"
When the long sword and the giant hammer collided, there was a dull sound that wasn't crisp at all.
What happened next left everyone flabbergasted!
The Law of Earth that wrapped around the dark golden giant hammer was easily shattered by Luo Zheng's sword.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's sword strike was unstoppable, and it slashed the hammer apart from the middle!
One must know that the Demon Race warrior's hammer had already exploded with all his strength. If it was placed in the lower realms, not to mention a mountain, even a continent would be smashed in half!
But Luo Zheng didn't shrink back in the slightest. On the contrary, as his sword chopped down, the great hammer seemed to be made of tofu. It was directly cut in half, forming an inconceivable shape … and at the same time, the demon martial artist's mortal body was cut in half!
It wasn't that the Demon Race warrior didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng.
The scene of Luo Zheng falling into the Abyss of Samsara was seen by everyone. Everyone also knew that this guy at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm couldn't be underestimated, so they were secretly vigilant.
But just now, this Demon Race warrior had the absolute advantage. It was also because he attached great importance to Luo Zheng that he unleashed the power of his bloodline. He only needed to wait for Luo Zheng to be sent over by the wind and give him the most fatal blow!
But he didn't expect that Luo Zheng would use such a domineering method to meet his giant hammer head on with a long sword!
What was even more unexpected was that the power that erupted from Luo Zheng's sword was far from what he had imagined!
"Pu!"
A body the size of a small mountain, coupled with a giant hammer that was nearly ten feet long, was split into two halves by Luo Zheng. The ghastly blood spurted out in all directions. Many warriors hurriedly circulated their True Essence to protect their bodies, blocking the spurting blood …
Luo Zheng gently held the sword horizontally. The blade slightly surged, and the blood on it instantly disappeared. Then, with a slight twist of his hand, he stabbed his finger, and the long sword directly entered his spatial ring.
Within the Sumeru Space, Luo Zheng had planned out an area and constructed a row of sword racks, specifically for storing sword-type weapons. The Lightning Wind Divine Sword entered the Sumeru Space and landed on one of the sword racks.
"Ancient Vicious Ape? Heh … "Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the corpse of the Demon Race martial artist, then reached out and took the spatial ring of the Demon Race martial artist. Immediately, he forcefully erased the Demon Race martial artist's spiritual imprint. Then, he forcefully knocked the spatial ring against the ground, causing all the items in the spatial ring to flow out!
Inside the spatial ring of a warrior, there were all sorts of things, all sorts of things …
Luo Zheng picked up the Ice Lotus from the messy pile of items. He didn't look at anything else. There were even over a hundred Zhen Yuanyu, but Luo Zheng was too lazy to bend over and pick them up.
He held the Ice Lotus in his hand and walked in front of Mu Mingxue. He indifferently said, "If you encounter this kind of situation in the future, don't try to be brave. Just look for me …"
The look in Mu Mingxue's eyes could no longer be described with the word excitement. In her eyes, Luo Zheng was like a god descending to the mortal world. These words were easy to say, but how many people could actually do it?
Luo Zheng's light words carried a lot of weight. She was very clear about it!
From picking up the spatial ring to picking out the Ice Lotus, from beginning to end, Luo Zheng was very relaxed, without the slightest bit of vigilance.
Those warriors who had originally planned to swarm him maintained a shocking silence.
At this time, the various thoughts in their minds had already vanished. Looking at the miserable state of the Demon Race warrior, they were very clear about the result of fighting with Luo Zheng. This kid's strength was completely monstrous. Reaching Divine Realm warriors like them were nothing in front of Luo Zheng. There were even some warriors who couldn't help but feel a lingering fear in their hearts. They had also been prepared to fight …
As for the other Demon Race martial artists, as they saw Luo Zheng throw all the junk in his spatial ring to the ground and humiliate their fellow Demon Race martial artists, their hearts were filled with anger. The Demon Race martial artists were the most particular about integrity. For the honor of their race, they could sacrifice their lives, but dying in battle was their supreme glory.
But in front of them, no one dared to come up and face Luo Zheng. They didn't even dare to criticize Luo Zheng …
"Let's go. Refining this Ice Lotus should be of great benefit to you." Luo Zheng faintly smiled, then turned around and left.
Mu Mingxue nodded. She put away the Ice Lotus and followed behind Luo Zheng. When she passed by the Demon Race warrior's corpse, she saw that the ground was littered with items. There were many rare treasures among them. The hundreds of Zhen Yuanyu were not a small amount of wealth.
A trace of reluctance appeared on her face. Since this Demon Race warrior had died under Luo Zheng's sword, these items were originally Luo Zheng's spoils of war. It was a bit of a waste to just throw them on the ground.
But Luo Zheng didn't pick them up. She also didn't pick them up. If she followed Luo Zheng, at least she wouldn't embarrass him.
After hesitating for a while, she graciously said, "I don't want it." Then, she quickly followed behind Luo Zheng.
After that, the Night Demon Clan's and Human Clan's cultivators left one after another.
As for the Demon Race martial artists, they collected the corpses of their fellow Demon Race martial artists and gathered up all the miscellaneous items in their spatial rings. All of the Demon Race martial artists had gloomy expressions on their faces.
"The Holy Master … won't let this human brat go …"
"This human brat will leave the underground palace sooner or later. How can the Holy Master let him leave safely?"
"The Holy Master will avenge us!"
After collecting the corpses, the Demon Race warriors also followed.
Everyone floated through the wind tunnel to the other side of the cave. Then, after going around in a circle, they returned to the abyss!
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it and jumped down.
Xun had already told him that the Abyss of Samsara was like this.
If one continued to fall down the abyss, they would be able to preserve their lives and obtain good opportunities.
The Ancient Heavenly Sovereign even gave them a chance to regret, bestowing each of them a divine rune for returning …
Mu Mingxue followed closely behind Luo Zheng and jumped down. The other warriors also jumped down one after another.
"This Abyss of Samsara really doesn't have a bottom. If we keep falling like this, when will we reach the end?" Luo Zheng asked as he fell.
Xun faintly smiled, "The Abyss of Samsara really doesn't have a bottom. However, since this abyss is named Samsara, the Ancient Heavenly Sovereign must have used a special method to connect the beginning and end of this abyss. In truth, it is a ring."
"Ring?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"When you fall to the bottom of the abyss, you will unknowingly return to the top of the abyss. You will feel like you are constantly falling, but in fact, you are constantly rotating in a ring. This makes you feel like you are in a bottomless abyss … Although the Celestial Lord is someone with great means, it is impossible for him to set up such a bottomless abyss that is beyond the rules," Xun explained to Luo Zheng in detail.
Luo Zheng nodded. He now understood a little more about the Abyss of Samsara …
"After the two tests just now, you have actually already made a full circle in this' ring '. Next is the second circle," Xun continued.
"How many circles did you make in the past?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Four circles. After four circles, the things we faced were too dangerous, so I gave up," Xun answered truthfully.
Although Xun's cultivation was only at the Extreme Divine Realm back then, she was already a King at that time. She had a priceless body in the Demon Night Clan and could even command the Ancient Heavenly Sovereigns. Therefore, she did not lack any resources. However, out of consideration for her own safety, Xun chose to give up.
"But this time, you can't give up," Kaori added.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1129
Xun had high hopes for Luo Zheng.
It could even be said that she had entrusted everything to Luo Zheng.
After ascending, she could gradually come into contact with her old subordinates and even get help from Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable.
However, she had a premonition that the person who could help her return to the throne would be Luo Zheng!
This opening of the underground palace was the result of a freak combination of factors. However, it could also be a manifestation of Luo Zheng's luck.
The origin of this ancient Heavenly Venerable was extremely mysterious. Xun had regretted that she had not been able to pass through the fourth circle of the abyss. However, she had always vaguely felt that this underground palace of the Luo Yin World hid some big secrets. These secrets were very special even for the entire universe!
Therefore, Xun had added this sentence …
However, Luo Zheng only nodded slightly. Xun smiled secretly when she noticed Luo Zheng's expression. Her worries were unnecessary.
Ever since she had known this guy, she had never seen him give up!
Back then, on the Massacre Sword Mountain, every step was difficult. At that time, even though Luo Zheng had reached his limit, he still had to use his brain to throw out the sword …
This was a little guy who would not give up until he reached his limit. Why would he need her advice?
As the queen of the Demon Night clan, she was the sharpest sword of the Demon Night clan. Over the past 100,000 years, she had killed with every step she took. Every inch of her path was filled with blood. She had led the warriors of the Demon Night clan to conquer many great worlds. She did not know what warmth was.
Although she was huddled up in Luo Zheng's body, Xun felt a sense of relief. This feeling of relief was very strange.
As they continued to descend into the Samsara Abyss, they encountered more and more dangers. It was normal for them to die if they were not careful. However, even in such an environment, Xun could sleep without worry — even though she did not need to sleep. All of this originated from her trust in Luo Zheng.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Luo Zheng did not know that Xun was thinking about all these things. As they continued to descend, his expression became more and more serious.
Although the previous round of the Blade Mountain Punishment didn't pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng, this already showed that it wasn't a simple matter to pass through the Abyss of Samsara!
If the next step was too dangerous, he would consider letting Mu Mingxue activate the returning rune first. Luo Zheng did not care about the lives of others, but since Mu Mingxue had chosen to follow Luo Zheng, he would consider her safety first.
Just as he was thinking, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill coming from below. The surrounding temperature seemed to have dropped a lot in an instant. "The temperature has dropped …"
"It's a trial of extreme cold," Xun's voice rang out.
As Luo Zheng continued to descend, the temperature in the Abyss of Samsara became lower and lower!
Not long after, some white frost started to appear on the walls of the abyss. As they continued to descend, there were white ice spikes that clung to the walls of the abyss.
At this time, the temperature had dropped to a frightening degree. Luo Zheng felt his body temperature plummet, and an invisible chill pervaded the surroundings. As he fell, the air brushed against his face like sharp claws scraping against his face …
As he continued to descend, Luo Zheng had no choice but to circulate his power through his body. If he didn't do so, all the blood in his body would freeze! But soon, Luo Zheng discovered that relying purely on the circulation of his power was no longer enough to help him resist the chill.
Because the chill here seemed to be able to freeze the air …
A milky white aura drifted around. Because the air had already frozen, the speed of its flow was abnormally slow.
Not only the air, but even the speed of Luo Zheng's descent had slowed down a lot!
The air in this area was like water, and could produce a certain degree of buoyancy. Therefore, Luo Zheng was only slowly descending.
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng drew out the Primal Chaos Qi, which turned into a flame and wrapped around himself.
The moment the flames ignited, they were enveloped by the cold mist. The burning flames were quickly extinguished at a speed that was visible to the naked eye!
"This chill …" Luo Zheng's face turned solemn.
Right now, Luo Zheng was unable to move an inch, and it was the same for other warriors …
At first, some warriors wanted to use their protective true essence to protect their bodies. But under this temperature, the nature of everything changed drastically. The moment they condensed their true essence, their protective true essence was frozen. Then, countless white cracks spread out from the surface of their protective true essence, and with a crisp sound, the protective true essence shattered …
What was even more peculiar was that after a shield formed by condensed True Essence was shattered, the True Essence would gradually dissipate into the world.
However, the frozen true essence didn't dissipate, but turned into fragments of different colors and slowly flew in all directions, embedding themselves in the milky white abyss walls!
Since their protective true essence had no effect, many warriors were like Luo Zheng, operating the power of the Law of Fire, trying to wrap themselves in flames to maintain their body temperature.
Luo Zheng used the Primal Chaos Qi to stimulate the Law of Fire, but the flames only lasted for three or four breaths of time. The other warriors were even worse. Their flames were almost extinguished as soon as they condensed …
In this way, if they wanted to pass through this area, they could only rely on their willpower to hold on.
What surprised Luo Zheng was that Mu Mingxue's performance in this part of the abyss was very outstanding. Perhaps it was because she majored in the Ice Cultivation Method, but the low temperature in this area didn't bring her too much trouble. Compared to other warriors, and even compared to Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue was much calmer.
However, although the temperature was terrifyingly low, to warriors, it wasn't a fatal threat.
These warriors either crazily operated their strength, stimulating the true essence in their bodies to crazily circulate in their bodies, using this to obtain a portion of heat to maintain the blood flow in their bodies.
Or they crazily urged the true essence in their bodies to condense flames. Although these flames could only last for a short period of time, it was enough to provide a lot of heat. Not to mention that several warriors gathered together could share the heat of the flames …
This situation lasted for about an hour or so.
Even the Extreme Divine Realm warriors were all deathly pale, and their lips were dark purple, without a trace of blood.
Warriors were originally able to endure extreme environments that mortals couldn't imagine, but an environment as extreme as this was extremely rare … Before this, there were already several warriors who couldn't endure such low temperatures. They pinched open the purple dots of light, and used the Divine Runes of Return to return. Although the rewards in this Samsara Abyss were tempting, they had already reached their limits. They couldn't just throw away their lives like this, right?
Just when everyone thought that if they endured like this, they would finally be able to pass through this extremely cold area, a rhombus-shaped ice crystal the size of a person suddenly appeared from the milky white cold air below!
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng felt as if his thoughts were about to be frozen, and his reactions were much slower.
When the rhombus-shaped ice crystal whistled upwards at an extremely fast speed, and was only fifty or sixty feet away from Luo Zheng, he was startled. His body suddenly twisted, and he dodged this huge ice crystal!
Luo Zheng dodged, Ai Hu dodged, and Mu Mingxue also dodged.
However, a human warrior behind them couldn't dodge, and this huge ice crystal directly smashed towards that human warrior.
If it was an ice crystal at an ordinary low temperature, not to mention such a huge ice crystal, even if an iceberg came crashing down, it wouldn't cause any harm to the warriors present.
However, the degree of condensation of this ice crystal was far beyond the imagination of ordinary people. The moment the ice crystal hit the Human Clan cultivator, the cold air it released froze the Human Clan cultivator. Then, with the huge impact, the Human Clan cultivator was directly smashed to pieces!
"Clang …"
When the Human Race cultivator's body shattered, a series of crisp cracking sounds could be heard, like glass or porcelain being smashed.

Chapter 1130
The Abyss of Samsara in this underground palace seemed to be much milder than the many legendary fierce places in the Upper Realm.
After all, this abyss was deliberately built by the ancient Celestial Lords. These warriors even saw this underground palace as a trial, a trial where they could obtain great opportunities.
Now, they realized that they had misjudged …
In this abyss, the consequence of being careless was to die directly!
After that martial artist was smashed into pieces, the speed at which his broken limbs fell was relatively slow, and they were suspended above everyone's heads …
"There's another one!" A martial artist screamed.
As soon as that voice was heard, everyone heard a whistling sound from below, shooting straight up into the sky!
But this time, Luo Zheng was on the left side of the abyss. The diamond-shaped ice crystal was only the size of a person, so it was unlikely to hit him.
In this abyss, dozens of warriors were falling at the same time, and the diamond-shaped ice crystal was rising at an astonishing speed. Even after discovering these ice crystals, it was not easy to avoid them.
Previously, when everyone was passing through the Knife Mountain Punishment, they maintained a certain distance from the abyss wall. When those giant blades appeared, they borrowed the strength of the abyss wall to adjust their falling position! But now, the abyss wall was covered with clusters of ice thorns, so this method was obviously no longer suitable.
This diamond-shaped ice crystal was like an uncertain death god, depending on who was unlucky …
"Whoosh …"
Almost in the blink of an eye, this diamond-shaped ice crystal shot towards Mu Mingxue at an extremely fast speed!
Seeing the diamond-shaped ice crystal coming straight towards her, Mu Mingxue's beautiful face turned pale. She began to try her best to avoid the ice crystal, but she could not fly or borrow strength from anywhere. It was too difficult to avoid it.
She almost bent her soft waist into the shape of a bow, but she still could not avoid the ice crystal.
"That human girl is finished …" The other warriors all thought so in their hearts.
Mu Mingxue almost stopped breathing at this moment. Her eyes were fixed on the diamond-shaped ice crystal, and her face revealed a look of despair. Just now, she had learned from her mistakes. If she was hit by the ice crystal, the only possibility was to be instantly frozen, and then turned into little bits of ice!
Because the speed was too fast, she almost did not have time to crush the Divine Rune of Return.
At that moment, a black streak of light whizzed over at an even faster speed. Before the rhombus-shaped ice crystal could reach Mu Mingxue, the black streak of light had already struck it.
"Clang …"
The black light flew over, and the diamond-shaped ice crystal instantly shattered!
When the ice crystal exploded, it spread a strong cold air. After Mu Mingxue passed through the layer of cold air, her whole body was covered in a layer of snow, as if she was covered in a layer of frost.
She subconsciously turned her head to look at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was holding a longbow in his hand. His entire body was facing down, and the bowstring in his hand was still vibrating. The black light just now was the arrow that Luo Zheng had shot at the most critical moment!
Although she was in despair, there was a belief in her heart. At this time, only Luo Zheng could save her. However, her face inexplicably showed a trace of apology.
She originally did not want to cause trouble for Luo Zheng. In fact, after entering the underground palace, Luo Zheng had been worried about her all the way, so she naturally felt apologetic.
Seeing Mu Mingxue's apologetic eyes, Luo Zheng just smiled. His fingers shook slightly, and a scarlet pill shot towards Mu Mingxue. Luo Zheng had collected a lot of pills in his spatial ring. Although the grade of this Flame Seal Pill was not high, it could stimulate true essence and emit a large amount of heat. Although Mu Mingxue cultivated an ice attribute cultivation method, the cold air that erupted from the diamond-shaped ice crystal was not to be underestimated.
Although the cold air of the diamond-shaped ice crystal was terrifying and its speed was difficult to dodge, in the end, it was just an ice crystal. As long as one did not come into contact with it, it would be fine to shatter it in advance …
Everyone braced themselves. Some of the human martial artists pulled out a row of throwing knives, while the Fiend Night Clan martial artists pulled out their bows and arrows!
Sou sou …
With two whistling sounds, two more diamond-shaped ice crystals shot out from the depths of the abyss!
But this time, as soon as the two diamond-shaped ice crystals appeared, there were two popping sounds. An azure light and a purple light shot towards the ice crystals at the same time.
Kuang, kuang …
With two popping sounds, the two diamond-shaped ice crystals instantly exploded. After releasing a cold air, they dissipated in front of everyone's eyes.
The ones who attacked were two women from the Fiend Night Clan …
Although many martial artists were in a state of competition in this abyss, the only way for them to go further was to work together.
As the abyss continued to descend, all of the martial artists understood this principle, and they no longer held back when they attacked.
Every time a diamond-shaped ice crystal shot up, someone would be the first to attack and shatter it. The ones who contributed the most weren't the humans, but the Fiend Night Clan. Although the Fiend Night Clan's martial artists were skilled in all kinds of weapons, the most common weapon among them was still the bow. Almost every one of them was equipped with a longbow.
At first, only one or two diamond-shaped ice crystals appeared, but the number of them quickly increased.
Three, four …
Six, seven …
More and more diamond-shaped ice crystals appeared at the same time, and the pressure increased. Everyone became more and more united, and for a time, the abyss was filled with the sound of explosions!
This situation continued for less than half an hour, and everyone's expressions became more and more solemn. Now, the number of rhombus-shaped ice crystals had reached twenty at the same time, and if there was even the slightest mistake, someone would die. If the number of rhombus-shaped ice crystals reached a certain level, the result would not be difficult to predict. It would be a disaster for every cultivator.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Some of the martial artists had already realized this, and they chose to shatter the purple light spots in advance, activating their Divine Runes of Return and retreating.
If they really couldn't deal with it, they wouldn't be able to leave even if they wanted to. Although the opportunities in the abyss were tempting, their lives were still the most important …
The fewer people there were, the greater the pressure. After all, there were still so many diamond-shaped ice crystals to deal with!
When the first person chose to retreat, the hearts of the other martial artists were shaken. Soon, a second and a third person activated their Divine Runes of Return and flew up into the abyss.
However, even more martial artists chose to stay!
After all, their positions were different, and their strengths were different, so their hearts were also different. Some people chose to fight with all their might and become the strongest in the world, while others chose to protect themselves and retreat when the time was right. There was no right or wrong choice.
Luo Zheng understood that he had no way out. The competition in the Upper Realm was even crueler, and his path was probably far more difficult than that of ordinary martial artists. Moreover, he wasn't just doing this for himself, but also for Xun.
"Mingxue, adjust your position. Try to maintain a straight line with me," Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue nodded. She naturally understood Luo Zheng's arrangement …
Now that everyone was falling, she adjusted her position and maintained her position above Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng was basically blocking her path.
When the other martial artists saw Luo Zheng's arrangement, they all changed their minds and followed suit. Thus, a rather comical scene appeared. Almost all of the martial artists began to adjust their positions, moving above Mu Mingxue.
It wasn't just the human martial artists; even the Fiend Night Clan and the Demon Race were doing this. They were like a human pyramid, forming a straight human ladder as they fell …
Seeing the human ladder neatly arranged above his head, Luo Zheng revealed a helpless smile. He couldn't blame these people for being opportunistic. Arranging themselves like this really saved him a lot of trouble. Luo Zheng only needed to shatter the diamond-shaped ice crystals that flew up from below. As for the other ice crystals, he could ignore them.
Thus, this "human ladder", with Luo Zheng as the leader, continued to rapidly descend …
After about an hour, the number of diamond-shaped ice crystals began to decrease. Although the surrounding cold air was still dense, the temperature had risen quite a bit.

Chapter 1131
In the abyss that was filled with cold air, a feminine laughter suddenly came, making many warriors nervous again.
"That sound … where did it come from?" A warrior asked with a serious expression.
Although everyone heard the feminine laughter at the same time, they couldn't tell where the sound came from …
"Hehe …"
Soon, everyone heard a second laughter.
Following which, this feminine laughter rose and fell one after another, constantly echoing in everyone's ears.
"What the hell is that?" A demon warrior couldn't help but roar.
But no one answered the demon warrior's question. It wasn't that they didn't want to answer, but because no one knew where the laughter came from!
Luo Zheng's face was full of caution, but he asked Xun in his mind, "What is that?"
Xun hesitated for a moment, then replied, "If I remember correctly, it should be a Snow Demon …"
"Snow Demon?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Xun smiled faintly, "This Snow Demon shouldn't be much of a threat to you."
Luo Zheng was still thinking about the meaning of Xun's words when a snow-white shadow flashed in front of him, then disappeared into the abyss wall!
Just now, the white shadow had quietly flashed. Not only did Luo Zheng see it, but the other warriors also saw it.
"What is that? That white thing seems to be circling around us! "A warrior shouted.
"Snow Demon! I know, this damn thing can only live in the Land of Ice … but isn't this Snow Demon a ferocious creature unique to the Freezing Snow Realm! "Another warrior screamed.
As the warrior's voice fell, white shadows drilled out of the abyss wall one after another. They didn't seem to have a fixed shape, and could freely travel through space. These white Snow Demons kept falling at the same speed as everyone else, and circled around the warriors, getting closer and closer to them!
"Everyone be careful, this Snow Demon can occupy people's souls, like a turtledove occupying a magpie's nest, and make people lose themselves!" A warrior warned.
"Haha, this broken thing can make me lose myself! In your dreams! " A Demon Clan cultivator roared, waved his hand, and threw out a sawtooth flywheel.
The sawtooth flywheel was embedded with many sharp teeth. As it spun, it sliced towards the Snow Demon. However, this time, the attack only lightly penetrated the Snow Demon's body. It did not cause any damage to it!
These Snow Demons were famous vicious creatures of the Freezing Snow World. They had many transformations and were able to read the person that a martial artist cared about the most. Then, they would transform into that person's appearance and confuse the martial artist. Once a martial artist was confused by these Snow Demons, they would invade the martial artist's mind and completely take over their body!
Luo Zheng didn't move. His eyes locked on a snow demon, carefully sizing it up …
In the process of circling, they rapidly changed their shapes. At first, they looked like strange Demonic Beasts, but as they circled around the warriors, they rapidly changed their shapes.
The number of these Snow Demons seemed to be the same as the number of martial artists in the abyss. In other words, every martial artist would have to face one Snow Demon.
Because they were at different heights, Luo Zheng was still at the bottom, which meant that he was the leader.
He quickly realized that the Snow Demon he was facing was like a pile of melting snow. It was constantly melting, and at the same time, it was reforming its body. When the Snow Demon changed, Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling in his heart. It was as if his soul was being probed by this Snow Demon!
"Hehe …" While the Snow Demon was changing its shape, it let out a soft and pleasant laugh.
At this moment, it wasn't only Luo Zheng who was staring at the Snow Demon.
Xun, who was hiding in Luo Zheng's body, was also staring at the Snow Demon. Xun's face showed a trace of expectation. She knew that the Snow Demon could read people's minds. As the Snow Demon circled, it used its innate ability to pry into Luo Zheng's heart.
This innate ability was very rare, and it was also the innate ability that the Snow Demon relied on to survive. Most martial artists' hearts were very firm, and it was very difficult for them to be confused! Only by understanding the other party's heart could the Snow Demon target its prey and change into the appropriate form!
Soon, the Snow Demon's body gradually transformed into a pair of pure white lotus arms, followed by an exquisite waist and a pair of slender and straight legs. After the tall and slender body was formed, the appearance of the Snow Demon began to slowly emerge ….
When Xun saw the Snow Demon's appearance, disappointment faintly appeared on her face. It was obvious that the Snow Demon's appearance wasn't hers.
"Luo Yan." Suddenly seeing his sister here, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned, but a sneer quickly appeared on his face. Did she think that by changing into his sister's appearance, she could confuse him? This Snow Demon didn't seem difficult to deal with!
At this moment, Luo Zheng held his longsword horizontally, and a streak of azure lightning shot out from the Thundergale Ghost Sword's hilt. It constantly coiled around the sword!
In this world, all ferocious creatures should have a way to restrain them. Since the Snow Demon wasn't afraid of ordinary attacks, the lightning that could ward off evil should be effective!
However, just as Luo Zheng raised his Thundergale Ghost Sword and faced the Snow Demon that was circling around him, a trace of hesitation appeared on his face.
He wasn't confused by the Snow Demon.
Luo Zheng had chased after his sister all the way from the Lower Realm, and the first thing he did after arriving in the Upper Realm was to use the Roar Command to find his sister. However, the result made Luo Zheng very disappointed. Luo Yan didn't respond to him.
There were only two possibilities. Either Luo Yan was outside of the universe and could hear Luo Zheng's voice, or Luo Yan didn't have the Roar Command and couldn't respond to him.
No matter what, he really missed his sister very much …
In fact, the Luo Yan that the Snow Demon in front of him had transformed into was quite different from Luo Yan himself. This was because this Snow Demon wasn't transformed according to Luo Yan himself, but according to the longing in Luo Zheng's heart!
When a person thought for a long time, they would imagine the person they missed to be extremely perfect!
Compared to Luo Zheng, Luo Yan was the most important bond. This bond came from blood being thicker than water, from the relationship between siblings.
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped onto the martial path, the time spent with Luo Yan could be counted in hours. As Luo Zheng's longing increased day by day, Luo Yan became more and more perfect in his heart.
Therefore, the "person" in front of Luo Zheng was actually transformed by the Snow Demon according to Luo Zheng's thoughts …
Luo Zheng knew that this was a Snow Demon, and he also knew that this Snow Demon wanted to occupy his body. However, the moment Luo Zheng raised his sword, he hesitated.
After Xun was taken away by that young man, there was no news of her. Although he was very determined to find Luo Yan, he didn't know when they would meet again. Facing a fake "Luo Yan", he couldn't help but want to take a few more glances …
Under this gaze, Luo Zheng's heart quietly lingered with a trace of tenderness. However, at this moment, a trace of flaw appeared in his state of mind.
At the same time, the Snow Demon's eyes suddenly flashed with a psychedelic color …
When the psychedelic color suddenly flashed, Luo Zheng's eyes also reflected the same color. He was confused in a spiritual illusion. From the outside, Luo Zheng's whole body fell down in a daze, without any movement.
Xun was still curled up in Luo Zheng's body, without any movement.
At this moment, Qinglong's voice was quietly transmitted, "Why didn't you remind Luo Zheng just now? He should have been able to avoid being trapped. "
The Snow Demon might be a fatal existence for some warriors who didn't have a strong martial heart, but for a warrior like Luo Zheng, it wasn't too much of a problem, especially when Luo Zheng still had Smog, Azure Dragon, and the others in his body.
Qinglong remained silent, but it didn't mean that he didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng. However, since Xun was very familiar with the Abyss of Samsara, and she was in charge of the whole process, Qinglong naturally didn't interfere too much.
However, just now, Xun didn't stop Luo Zheng, but let Luo Zheng be immersed in the illusion created by the Snow Demon. Qinglong couldn't understand this.
Xun smiled faintly and replied, "That's Luo Zheng's own choice. Since he misses his sister, let him stay in the illusion for a while. I believe he can break free …"
Hearing Xun's reply, Qinglong's dragon eyes, which were blooming with infinite power, couldn't help but roll up.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1132
The True Dragon Clan and the Demon Night Clan didn't have much interaction.
However, Qinglong had interacted with Xun for a long time in Luo Zheng's body, so he had some understanding of her personality.
Even though Xun had lived for over a hundred thousand years, she was still like a child in front of Qinglong.
Clearly, Xun was dissatisfied with the Snow Demon's appearance of Luo Yan, but Qinglong didn't want to expose her …
Ever since Xun ascended to the throne, she had become the symbol of slaughter in the Demon Night Clan. She controlled the Demon Night Clan's hearts of slaughter and was the strongest weapon against outsiders.
As for the woman called "Yao", she was the complete opposite. Yao represented the Demon Night Clan's discipline and was the hammer of punishment for the Demon Night Clan's inner members!
After ascending to the throne, she became the symbol of the entire clan and was even tainted with a trace of divinity.
After tens of thousands of years of slaughter, Xun was no longer an ordinary member of the Demon Night Clan. Although she wasn't a True God or even a Heavenly Venerate, she was a god-like existence in the eyes of the Demon Night Clan. However, from the emotions that Xun had revealed just now, it seemed like she had feelings for Luo Zheng. This was something that Qinglong had never expected.
However, this matter had nothing to do with Qinglong. The key was that Luo Zheng had revealed a trace of weakness in his heart and had been caught by the Snow Demon. It was best for him to break free from this weakness as soon as possible.
The Snow Demon hadn't deliberately created that illusion. It was just an illusion created by the Snow Demon after she caught Luo Zheng's weakness. It was also the most beautiful fantasy in Luo Zheng's heart …
Under the orange sky, the entire Luo Family was covered in a layer of faint light.
Luo Zheng sat on the roof of the Luo Family's residence and looked at the peaceful Chongyang County with a calm smile on his face. This kind of peaceful day was very rare.
For a long time, Luo Zheng's state of mind was like a taut string that could not be relaxed in the slightest, nor was there any form of relaxation. The portrayal in the illusion was his purest fantasy.
Luo Yan sat quietly at the side. She was flipping through a stack of old calligraphy and paintings. The calligraphy and paintings were just found in the corner of the ancestral house. Because she was very curious, she moved these calligraphy and paintings to the roof, opened them one by one, brushed off the dust on them, and then organized them according to their names.
She organized them very carefully. Whenever she came across some interesting calligraphy or painting, she would unfold it and hand it over to Luo Zheng for his evaluation.
"Brother, look at this piece of calligraphy. It was left behind by the only Zhuangyuan in our Luo family's history. It's too much for it to be abandoned in a corner." Luo Yan presented it to Luo Zheng as if he had found a treasure.
This world was controlled by martial artists. Not to mention the Zhuangyuan, even if it was the Emperor, if he accidentally provoked the sects, the country would be destroyed in a fit of anger … It was not a big deal for a Zhuangyuan to come out of a Zhuangyuan in a family.
However, Luo Zheng still focused on his evaluation …
Time passed quickly. The sun disappeared into the horizon and night fell.
Luo Zheng was still lying on the roof, looking at the stars in the sky. Luo Yan was still by his side, whispering softly.
In this kind of comfortable environment, a trace of tiredness quietly crept in. In Luo Zheng's childhood, there were many times when he accidentally fell asleep on the roof. There was even one time when he directly rolled down from the roof and suffered a terrible fall.
Unconsciously, Luo Zheng had already closed his eyes. With Luo Yan by his side, he seemed to be particularly at ease. There were no more worries, and everything was so smooth …
At this moment, a strange smile appeared on "Luo Yan's" face. She quietly leaned over. That smile on Luo Yan's beautiful face seemed so strange and out of place.
When her head was only three inches away from Luo Zheng, Luo Yan opened her small sandalwood mouth, revealing white sharp teeth.
Luo Zheng, who had already closed his eyes and was snoring slightly, suddenly opened his eyes!
His eyes were very pure. He coldly stared at Luo Yan, but there was a trace of reluctance in those cold eyes. Then he faintly smiled: "This kind of experience is really good. Although I like it very much, I have to kill you … Thank you."
"Whoosh!"
His hand shot out like lightning, instantly entering Luo Yan's body!
At this moment, Luo Yan's entire body began to undergo a strange change. She continuously burst out with a cold laugh, and her hands turned into sharp claws that clawed at Luo Zheng … Unfortunately, this kind of mental attack of the Snow Demon wasn't very strong. It was only exploiting the flaws in human nature. Once the Snow Demon was broken free, its attack could be said to be very weak.
With a slight force, Luo Zheng twisted the Snow Demon in the illusion into pieces …
The surrounding scenery gradually became blurry, and then it turned into a spiral that began to churn unceasingly. It was as if the curtains of a play were suddenly pulled open. Luo Zheng's eyes regained their clarity. He had already broken free from the illusion!
As for the Snow Demon that had been facing Luo Zheng, it also turned into pieces. It was like a piece of paper that was being torn apart, and it gradually dissipated.
If he wanted to kill the Snow Demon, he could either resist it from the beginning, or kill it in the illusion. Luo Zheng chose the latter, because he really wanted to experience the feeling of being reunited with Luo Yan. Even if this was just a trick, it still had a great effect on his heart.
Looking at the Snow Demon's scattered pieces, Luo Zheng didn't feel too happy. Instead, he felt a trace of sadness.
"You're out?" Xun's voice faintly sounded. Her voice was always incomparably cold, but this time, it was mixed with a trace of hidden bitterness …
"En!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled, but he didn't notice Xun's emotions.
Then Luo Zheng turned around and looked at the other warriors behind him. Almost all of the warriors seemed to be immersed in the illusion. These warriors closed their eyes and fell freely. As for those snow demons, they transformed into all kinds of different appearances and circled around the cultivators, whispering something to each other.
There was only one exception, and that was the golden-haired woman from the Yao Night Clan. She seemed to have used some kind of treasure to stabilize her heart. The Snow Demon couldn't change its appearance and could only circle around the golden-haired woman, but it was still unable to attack her heart.
"Mu Mingxue …"
When Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Mu Mingxue, a strange expression appeared on his face.
He saw Mu Mingxue curled up into a ball. She supported her head with one hand and had a smile on her face. Opposite Mu Mingxue, the person that the Snow Demon had transformed into was actually Luo Zheng himself!
"Hehe, this Luo Zheng is much more handsome than you …" Xun's cold voice suddenly sounded again.
Just as Xun had said, the Luo Zheng opposite Mu Mingxue was taller than Luo Zheng by at least three inches, and his appearance was also much more handsome …
This was a very normal phenomenon. People were often like this. If you liked someone, then the image of that person in your heart would be much more perfect than the person in reality. If you hated someone, then the image of that person in your heart would be much worse than the person in reality.
Luo Zheng didn't expect that he would have such an image in Mu Mingxue's heart. It made him feel somewhat ashamed …
"What should we do now? Should we wake them up or wait for them to break free? "Luo Zheng asked.
Although the Snow Demon didn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng, the Snow Demon's attack was no small matter. Once the Snow Demon succeeded, his heart would be confused, and his entire soul would be devoured by the Snow Demon. It was equivalent to death, and his body would become a shell for the Snow Demon!
"Wait first. Although the Snow Demon can confuse people, there is still a considerable possibility that they will break free," Xun dissuaded. If possible, they should try their best to let them break free.
But at this moment, a human warrior not far away suddenly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, a strange smile appeared on his face. "Hehe …" The human warrior let out a feminine smile. He took out a long sword in his hand and floated towards Mu Mingxue!
"This guy … has been invaded by the Snow Demon. He is no longer human. Kill him," Xun said.
Needless to say, Luo Zheng had already felt that the human warrior's eyes were definitely not the eyes of a normal person!

Chapter 1133
After this warrior's body was possessed by the Snow Demon, he was like a puppet.
Although this human warrior was an existence at the Ultimate God Realm, the Snow Demon that had taken over his body probably couldn't even use one-tenth of his original strength.
Xun's order was very decisive. Luo Zheng didn't hesitate either. After being possessed by the Snow Demon, this person could no longer be called a human.
The human warrior swayed. He held a long sword in his hand and wanted to resist the three ghostly shadows. However, the Snow Demon couldn't even draw out his true essence. How could he resist?
Almost instantly, he was killed by the three ghostly shadows!
After dealing with this human warrior, Luo Zheng once again focused his attention on Mu Mingxue.
Although Xun wasn't worried, he was still afraid of the unexpected. After being invaded by the Snow Demon, it was the same as dying. Luo Zheng was naturally worried that Mu Mingxue couldn't escape from the Snow Demon's illusion.
However, just as he turned his head, he saw a cold air suddenly erupt between Mu Mingxue's fingers. Then, a stream of blood shot out from her fingertips!
Then, her body suddenly trembled. She opened her eyes. Her gaze was as clear as water. Seeing Luo Zheng looking at her with concern, she smiled at him and said, "I'm fine."
Luo Zheng's expression was strange. He looked at the wound on Mu Mingxue's finger with some doubt. "This is …"
"Just now, I was afraid that the Snow Demon would confuse me, so I used my true essence to condense an ice spike. Then, I pinched it in my hand … After the time it takes to burn an incense stick, if I don't melt this ice spike, it will explode," Mu Mingxue said with a smile.
The Snow Demon had originally set up an illusion to make the warrior immersed in a beautiful dream and unable to escape. It would use this opportunity to devour the warrior's soul and take over the warrior's body.
However, Mu Mingxue's little trick had a miraculous effect. When she felt the pain, she could use this opportunity to escape from the Snow Demon's dream …
Even Luo Zheng couldn't help but exclaim in admiration. He realized that Mu Mingxue's strength wasn't that great, but her brain was very useful. She knew how to use some small tricks, and at many crucial moments, these small tricks could play a considerable role!
After that, more and more warriors woke up …
Although the Snow Demon was powerful, for a cultivator to be able to persist to this point, their hearts of martial arts wouldn't be too bad. Or rather, it would be very difficult for them to have any major flaws.
Therefore, most cultivators were able to break free from the Snow Demon's illusion. Only a small number of cultivators lost themselves and had their bodies taken over by the Snow Demon. Faced with such a situation, the other cultivators could only choose to kill them.
There were also a few cultivators who, after falling into the illusion, didn't maintain a proper falling posture. Their bodies drifted towards the edge of the abyss and directly smashed into the ice spikes on the abyss wall. The light ones were bleeding from their heads, while the heavy ones were seriously injured. They had no choice but to activate the Divine Rune of Regression and leave this Abyss of Samsara. This could be considered bad luck, because according to their previous experience, one could obtain a reward after circling the Abyss of Samsara once. Now that they had passed through the Snow Demon's illusion, the second circle should be the end.
Sure enough, not long after, another protruding stone platform appeared below them …
After the remaining cultivators saw this stone platform, their expressions were all shaken!
Everyone had risked their lives to stay and fall down from this abyss. Their goal was to see this stone platform!
However, compared to the previous stone platform, this stone platform was slightly different. The entire stone platform was wrapped in a thick layer of ice. Luo Zheng adjusted his direction and landed on the stone platform.
With the momentum of his impact, even if it was a hundred feet thick layer of ice, he would be able to shatter it. However, when Luo Zheng stepped on the ice, there were only two crisp sounds. There wasn't even a single footprint on the three inch layer of ice that wrapped around the stone platform. It was obvious that the ancient Empyrean had done something special.
The other cultivators landed on the stone platform one after another.
However, at this moment, a tragic scene occurred. Hou San, who had followed Ai Hu all the way here, because his position was closer to the outside, he also adjusted his direction after discovering the stone platform. However, he didn't expect that he would slip down from the layer of ice …
"This …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Ai Hu, who was beside Luo Zheng, smiled faintly, "Hehe, I can only wish this fellow good luck." He didn't have a good impression of the seven Hou brothers. To him, it would be best if Hou Da died. Even if he didn't die, Ai Hu might not let him go once they left this underground palace.
Hou San had basically entered the third Samsara Abyss. As for whether he could survive the third Samsara Abyss or activate the Divine Rune of Regression, that would depend on his own choice.
Now that everyone was standing on the stone platform, how could they still pay attention to such a person? They all rushed towards the cave behind the stone platform. It could even be said that they were scrambling to be the first to enter.
If they could obtain extraordinary treasures in the first cave, then the treasures in the second cave would naturally not be ordinary. All the cultivators were filled with anticipation!
"What's in the second cave?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head as he looked at the cultivators' anxious expressions.
"Ancient treasures," Xun replied succinctly. "These are the various ancient treasures left behind by the ancient Empyrean …"
"Ancient treasures? Isn't that … "
"It's useless. 100,000 years ago, I only went in for a stroll and then left," Xun replied.
Even if it was a divine tool, if it wasn't given special protection, it would be difficult to resist the erosion of time. Any magic treasure or weapon would gradually weaken with the passage of time. The ancient Empyrean had established this Samsara Abyss for who knew how many billions of years. Even if the ancient treasures left behind were extraordinary back then, they would most likely have lost their effect by now …
In this cave, the cultivators stood in a row. In front of them was a mountain of treasures.
Swords, halberds, spears, sabers, hammers, bows, axes …
There were all kinds of weapons, but everyone's faces revealed a pained expression.
These weapons were basically divine artifacts back in the day, but after experiencing the ravages of countless years, they had long become a pile of scrap metal!
Although these weapons weren't rusted or damaged, their surfaces were all greyish white and no longer had their original luster.
In the three Holy Lands of the Yin Luo World, even if the cultivators were at the Ultimate Divine Stage, most of them could only wear a secondary third grade divine tool. As for third grade and secondary second grade divine tools, they were extremely rare existences. The grades of these ancient treasures weren't low. The lowest grade was a secondary second grade divine tool. There were even some secondary first grade and first grade divine tools.
It was a pity that the Heaven's Divination Essence in these ancient treasures had long flowed away with the passage of time. The divine patterns engraved on them were also incomplete. After all, the materials used to engrave the divine patterns had a time limit. Some outstanding divine tools might still be the same after a million years, but they couldn't withstand the erosion of tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of years. With such a long time span, they couldn't even be called "ancient treasures" …
It was no wonder that Xun had only walked around once when she came here.
Some cultivators were unwilling to give up. They might not be able to make it to the next cave, and weapons were what they lacked the most. After hesitating for a while, they all entered and began to rummage through the treasures, hoping that luck would favor them and they would be able to find something special.
Thus, the various weapons that were originally piled up like a mountain were picked by many cultivators, one by one.
If they saw an ancient treasure that they were satisfied with, they would still put it into their spatial rings even though they knew that it was just scrap metal. Although these ancient treasures had lost their effects and weren't worth much, they still had a certain collection value. Of course, the value wouldn't be too high …
Mu Mingxue blinked her eyes and then joined the ranks of the people rummaging through the treasures.
Luo Zheng didn't join this group. It wasn't that he looked down on these treasures, but he still had a little doubt in his heart.
Were these ancient treasures the legacy of the ancient Celestial Venerate? It didn't seem right. The ancient Celestial Venerate had meticulously arranged this Abyss of Samsara, and then spread the method and key to open the underground palace nine times throughout the universe. It must have taken a lot of effort. Then, he should have foreseen that the weapons he left behind would inevitably become a pile of scrap metal after hundreds of millions of years.

Chapter 1134
Compared to the previous cave, this cave was obviously smaller, and one could almost see the whole picture at a glance.
There wasn't anything out of the ordinary in the surroundings …
When Luo Zheng saw that Mu Mingxue was carefully picking out the ancient treasures, he naturally wouldn't leave first. Instead, he strolled around the cave.
After wandering around, Luo Zheng was even more certain that there were no other mysteries in this cave.
When Luo Zheng turned back to look, the ancient treasures that had been piled up into a small mountain had been reduced to half in just a short period of time.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head at the sight of this. After the Heaven Evolution Essence had dissipated, the value of these ancient treasures really wasn't that great.
A faint smile hung on his face. Just as he was about to take a step forward, he discovered that not far ahead, there was a sword standing upright on the ground.
"This sword … I'm afraid it can't even be considered an Ancient Treasure. I wonder who placed this sword here." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, but his face once again revealed a doubtful expression.
Although the ancient treasures that had been piled up into a small mountain had dissipated due to the passage of time, strictly speaking, every single one of them was an exquisite item …
As for the sword in front of him, it seemed to be of inferior quality. Even the blade was blunted. Was this really a sword?
Although he didn't get what he wanted in the cave, Luo Zheng was not discouraged. However, at the sight of this sword, Luo Zheng became interested in it.
Thinking up to this point, Luo Zheng took two steps forward and reached out to grab the exposed blade of the sword. Then, he exerted a little force … but it didn't move an inch!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng was even more curious. Although he only used a little bit of strength, it would be easy for him to pull out a sword. This sword seemed to be buried very deep.
Therefore, after Luo Zheng stood still, he firmly grasped the sword with both hands. The sword's edge was already blunt, so it wouldn't cut his hands. However, even if it wasn't blunt, with Luo Zheng's current physical strength, it shouldn't be too much of a hindrance to him.
Grabbing the sword, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted his strength!
A huge force suddenly rose upwards!
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the entire cave began to shake.
The martial artists who were still picking through the abandoned ancient treasures suddenly raised their heads and observed the movements around them. Soon, everyone's eyes locked onto Luo Zheng!
"What is that guy pulling?"
"It looks like a sword. It's definitely not an ordinary item!"
"Quick, let's go and take a look!"
"What's the use of going there? You dare to snatch something from Luo Zheng's hands? "
In the eyes of these martial artists, Luo Zheng had already become an evil star. Who would dare to provoke him?
As Luo Zheng lifted the "sword", countless cracks began to appear under his feet. Then, a black object was pulled out by Luo Zheng from those cracks!
"What … is this?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but step back when he was halfway through.
Luo Zheng originally thought that it was an ancient sword. However, when Luo Zheng pulled out the "sword" halfway, he realized that he had taken it for granted!
What Luo Zheng grabbed was not a sword. Below the sword was a head made of metal, and below the head was a neck connected to a body made of metal.
"A … puppet." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed as he spat out two words.
Puppets were not very common things, but they were definitely not rare either. However, the puppet in front of him was very strange. It was different from the Afo in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, and it was also different from the puppetry techniques in the Central Domain.
On top of the puppet's head, there was a sharp object that looked very much like the body of a sword. The puppet was buried in the ground, and only the "sword body" stood up abruptly …
It was unknown why there was a puppet buried in this cave.
The Abyss of Samsara had been opened six times. In the first five times, no one had discovered this secret. Last time, Xun only wandered around here once and then left. Of course, she couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question.
The other warriors looked over, and their faces revealed a fiery expression. Although they didn't know what it was, the things found in this abyss were not trivial. It would be a lie to say that they didn't want it.
However, when they thought about the miserable state of the Demon Clan warrior who had awakened the bloodline of the Ancient Fierce Ape in the last cave, they could only suppress the greed in their hearts. This greed could drive them to act, but Luo Zheng's strength could stop them!
Looking at the unique puppet in front of him, Luo Zheng also looked left and right.
Thinking carefully, this puppet was originally not a living creature, but a man-made one. Everyone's aesthetic was different, and the shape of the puppet created was also very strange. Therefore, no matter how unique this puppet's shape was, it was not strange.
However, since those ancient treasures had been left here for countless years and had become waste, then this puppet should be no different from waste, right?
When this thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, an almost inaudible voice floated towards Luo Zheng …
"You, you have … alas …"
The voice was dry, harsh, and very weak. Even if Luo Zheng listened carefully, he couldn't clearly hear what the puppet was saying.
However, no matter what this puppet said, it proved one thing, this puppet was still "alive".
Since this was the case, Luo Zheng's interest naturally increased!
Although this puppet had been talking endlessly, Luo Zheng was too lazy to listen. This time, he directly grabbed the puppet's head and pulled it up, dragging the puppet's entire body to the ground. Anyway, this puppet's material looked ordinary, but it was still very sturdy.
"Boom!"
After pulling out the puppet, Luo Zheng threw it to the side, making a loud noise!
Although this puppet's shape was very strange, with a bald oval head and body, and a "sword" ornament on top, it still had four limbs, similar to a human's appearance.
Throughout the entire process, the puppet was still whispering, completely unable to understand what it was trying to say. Perhaps it was too weak, or perhaps it was too old to speak normally.
After Luo Zheng circled the puppet and observed it, he found a small groove on the puppet's back.
Seeing this groove, Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Among martial artists, there were also those who specialized in puppetry. For example, the Cloud Hall's Daoist Master Dameng's puppetry technique was quite formidable, and the energy they provided to their puppets was often their own true essence.
The puppet in front of him was also likely to be powered by true essence.
In any case, there was no harm in giving it a try. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out a top grade true essence stone from his spatial ring and stuffed it into the groove on the puppet's back.
The moment Luo Zheng stuffed the top grade true essence stone into the groove, the puppet suddenly shouted excitedly, "I, I can still …"
Then, the voice weakened again, and Luo Zheng could no longer hear what it was saying.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of confusion, but as he stared at the groove, he instantly understood. A top grade true essence stone had been used up in an instant!
This guy … Luo Zheng was also somewhat speechless. The true essence contained in the top grade true essence stone was far from enough, and the puppet's true essence consumption rate was also astonishing.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took out another piece of Zhen Yuanyu from his spatial ring and stuffed it into the groove …
"I, I can still come back to life! I really can't believe it! "The puppet shouted excitedly again.
Luo Zheng looked at the puppet indifferently, and then asked, "Who are you?"
The puppet looked at Luo Zheng, and then with a "click", "click", the puppet moved its feet, and after a while, it smiled and said, "I … am Shenzi Shenzi! Hehe … "
The puppet probably thought that saying this name would shock the cultivators in the cave, and there was a trace of pride in its tone.
However, after it finished speaking, the cultivators just stared at the puppet in a daze.
"What is Shenzi Shenzi?"
"I've never heard of it …"
"Does this name have a great origin?"
Luo Zheng also asked in his mind. Not only had Xun not heard of it, but even the experienced and knowledgeable Qinglong also didn't know who Shenzi Shenzi was.
"You … don't even know who Shenzi Shenzi is!" The puppet's voice contained a trace of grief and indignation, "I am the world's number one refiner! Are the young people nowadays so ignorant and ill-informed? "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1135
The number one blacksmith in the universe, this title was indeed resounding enough.
Even if these juniors were ignorant and had never heard of Shenzi Shenzi's name, it should still be enough to shock them!
Although the puppet was indignant, there was still a trace of pride amidst its grief and indignation …
However, many cultivators were still staring blankly at the puppet. Of course, Luo Zheng was one of them.
"The number one blacksmith in the universe?"
"What the f * ck are you bragging about? A broken puppet, the number one blacksmith …"
"Isn't the number one blacksmith in the universe, Xu Qingfeng of the Demi-Immortal Tribe?"
Blacksmiths played a very important role in the world of cultivators. Although the Holy Lands of the various races had their own blacksmiths, truly outstanding blacksmiths were still very rare. The Universal Myriad Spirit Stele was often changed because of the existence of these blacksmiths.
The title of the number one blacksmith in the universe was like thunder to most cultivators' ears!
There was no doubt that the number one weapon refiner in the entire universe was Xu Qingfeng. No one dared to doubt this conclusion. The reason was very simple … the supreme artifacts ranked first to tenth on the Myriad Spirit Stele were all made by Xu Qingfeng alone!
Although everyone was puzzled by the origin of this puppet, how could they believe it when it said that it was the number one blacksmith in the universe?
"I'm not bragging! I'm Shenzi Shenzi! Go back and ask your elders, I … "Shenzi Shenzi was dancing with joy, and his words became even more agitated. However, as he spoke, his voice became softer and softer. In the end, the puppet was unable to move, and its voice returned to an inaudible level.
Most likely, the Zhen Yuanyu that Luo Zheng had stuffed in had been used up by this puppet …
"This puppet is quite interesting. I can bring it back to the Holy Land of Yulan to study it." A human cultivator walked forward with a smile, holding ten Zhen Yuanyu in his hand. He wanted to replenish the Zhen Yuanyu for the puppet.
This human cultivator's mind was very flexible. Although this puppet was discovered by Luo Zheng and dug out by Luo Zheng, it seemed that the puppet had its own thoughts and could treat him as a living thing.
This way, the puppet would be able to decide who it wanted to follow!
He gave the ten Zhen Yuanyu to Shenzi Shenzi to please the puppet. If he could convince the puppet to follow him, Luo Zheng would not stop him.
However, he had only taken a few steps when one of his legs was stuck to the ground, and he could no longer lift it. Luo Zheng stared at the human cultivator. Although there was no killing intent in his eyes, the human cultivator did not dare to act rashly. He did not want to die!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He once again took out dozens of True Yuan Jades and stuffed them into the grooves on the back of the puppet.
Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi, "Shenzi," Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi, Shenzi Shenzi … "
Refined God Zi stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng said, "Since you call yourself the number one craftsman in the universe, does that mean you know how to craft?"
"Of course!" Refined Shenzi pointed at the mountain of artifacts. "These are all my creations. They're all mine … What's wrong with them?" Finally, he managed to speak normally. Then, he started to act strangely again. He cried with grief and indignation, "Why? Why are they all dead?!"
Luo Zheng's eyelids couldn't help but tremble. He felt that he had met a lunatic.
It was just a pile of Divine Artifacts. How could they die?
Refined God Child walked over and knelt on the pile of ancient treasures. He grabbed the treasures and looked very sad.
"He is indeed a lunatic." Xun's voice came into Luo Zheng's mind.
However, at this time, Qinglong said faintly, "No, this person … is not crazy."
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He asked, "What do you mean?"
"I'm not obsessed with crafting. However, my fourth brother is an expert craftsman of the True Dragon Tribe," Qinglong said calmly.
So far, only two of the nine True Dragons had awakened. The fourth brother Qinglong was referring to was the fourth in the Nine Dragons Tribe, the Green Dragon.
Qinglong only described his fourth brother as an expert craftsman because the True Dragon Tribe wasn't good at crafting. After all, the Divine Beasts didn't care much about weapons and treasures. They couldn't be compared to the craftsmen of the Human Tribe.
"Although my fourth brother isn't very skilled in crafting, he's always been obsessed with it. Every time he talks about crafting, he believes that each Divine Artifact he crafted has its own soul. It's like they're creatures of his own creation. He even believes that they're related to his bloodline …" Qinglong continued.
It was hard to say whether Refining Shenzi was a master craftsman of the Universe, but Qinglong believed that he must have a special interest in crafting.
Refining Shenzi grieved for a while, then picked up one of the daggers and said, "Although this Flying Lu Dagger is only a second-grade Divine Artifact, I've bound the Heaven's Divination Essence in it and stabilized it with Divine Runes. Although the Heaven's Divination Essence in it will slowly dissipate, it will take at least three hundred million years …" Refining Shenzi murmured, "But now, the Heaven's Divination Essence has completely dissipated. How many years have passed?"
Three hundred million years?
"Heavens, that's so long!"
"Three hundred million years … Can a Heavenly Venerate live that long?"
"I heard that they can. A Heavenly Venerate's lifespan is different for ordinary cultivators like us!"
Even for cultivators with long lifespans, this time span was almost unimaginable.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly when he heard this.
Three hundred million years was just Refining Shenzi's own estimation. The actual time should be much longer than that.
The origin of the ancient Heavenly Venerate was originally very mysterious, but this Refining Shenzi claimed to be the number one craftsman in the Universe. No matter how he thought about it, there was a trace of strangeness to this matter.
"No matter what, a long time has passed. I just don't understand one thing. Since you're a craftsman, why did you become a puppet?" Luo Zheng asked.
Refining Shenzi said coldly, "What do you know? A craftsman is destined to not go far on the Martial Dao. My body is just a shell to me. This puppet body is something I personally created for myself! Only this way can I immerse myself in the path of crafting and obtain a longer lifespan! "
He made himself into a puppet …
This Refining Shenzi wasn't just fanatical about crafting!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's lips curled slightly. There was a crafting workshop in Immortal Mansion!
The workshop hadn't been opened yet, but as Luo Zheng's cultivation increased, he would once again step onto the Path of Extinction. If he could get the token to open the workshop, Refining Shenzi would be able to use it!
It didn't matter to Luo Zheng whether or not he was the number one craftsman in the Universe. However, since Refining Shenzi was able to craft so many divine weapons, his crafting techniques and techniques must be good. The key was that he was a puppet. If he had other origins or was a craftsman from a large clan, Luo Zheng probably wouldn't have considered bringing him into Immortal Mansion.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and asked, "Do you still want to craft?"
"Nonsense, this old man's life is to craft weapons. If I couldn't craft weapons, this old man would've already committed suicide!" Refining Shenzi's voice became louder.
It was just a casual question. There was no need to be so agitated. Luo Zheng was slightly speechless. Then, Luo Zheng said again, "If that's the case, I have a weapon workshop. It's enough for you."
"Good place? Hehe … "Lian Shenzi said arrogantly," There really isn't a forge in this universe that can accommodate me … "He paused for a moment before continuing," But I can make do. "
Refined Shenzi's attitude changed quickly. A person like him wasn't too picky when it came to refining tools. However, he still had to show his existence. How could he be interested in an ordinary place?

Chapter 1136
Luo Zheng grabbed Refined Shenzi tightly into his Spirit Beast Pouch and glanced at him.
The other cultivators all had a trace of envy on their faces …
They didn't know if Refined Shenzi's refining skills were good, but Refined Shenzi had said that he had personally refined the ancient treasures in front of them.
The grades of these ancient treasures were not low either. A blacksmith like this would be a very popular existence in any tenth-grade holy land.
Even if Refined Shenzi was a liar, he had lived as a puppet for so many years. At the very least, he should be able to unravel the secrets of this underground palace!
Now that Luo Zheng had stuffed Refined Shenzi into his Spirit Beast Pouch, the other cultivators were naturally very unhappy.
There was nothing they could do about it. Luo Zheng had no intention of reasoning with anyone in this underground palace. Moreover, he had stuffed Refined Shenzi into his Spirit Beast Pouch because he didn't want Refined Shenzi to reveal too many secrets …
Apart from the cultivators of the three Holy Lands, the three Holy Lords outside the underground palace were also very unhappy.
The human Holy Lord shook his head. "This kid is too much. He shouldn't have taken all the treasures for himself!"
The Holy Lord knew how important a refiner who could refine a divine weapon was to a tenth rank Holy Land. The lack of divine weapons in the Yulan Holy Land was a constant source of headaches for the Holy Lord.
Although the Yulan Holy Land was responsible for some trade, it was only a trade channel for the alliance. The real benefits would never be theirs.
"Haha, let him eat to his heart's content in the Abyss of Samsara. This kid seems to have gained a lot, but he'll have to leave this underground palace eventually. Let's see if he has the life to leave the Asura Yin World!" The demon Holy Lord sneered.
His words made the human Holy Lord's face darken. "No matter what, this kid is from the Thirteen Palaces. If he can return safely, I will ensure his safety. Don't think of such ideas again …"
Luo Zheng, who was in the underground palace, naturally couldn't hear their conversation. After stuffing Refined Shenzi into his Spirit Beast Pouch, he summoned Mu Mingxue and left the cave. As for the pile of ancient treasures, Luo Zheng didn't even look at them.
When Mu Mingxue heard Luo Zheng's call, she hurriedly collected a few ancient treasures and followed behind Luo Zheng, satisfied.
In her heart, she was calculating how many True Origin Jades these ancient treasures could be sold for. Just now, she had carefully selected a dozen or so ancient treasures of extraordinary quality. Although these ancient treasures were not worth much, if they could be sold for a few True Origin Jades, she would be very happy …
The remaining ancient treasures were quickly divided up by the other martial artists until there was nothing left.
It was easy to imagine how depressed the cultivators of the three clans were. In the first cave, Luo Zheng had obtained the World Tree Seed. In the second cave, there was a pile of broken ancient treasures, but Luo Zheng had taken away a puppet of unknown origin that was obviously of great importance. It seemed that they were destined to accompany the Crown Prince in his studies during this exploration of the underground palace!
However, although they felt it was unfair in their hearts, they still followed behind Luo Zheng without any prior agreement.
In fact, they subconsciously believed that Luo Zheng's strength was extraordinary and that he could lead them deeper into the abyss.
"Let's … continue down." Luo Zheng smiled at Mu Mingxue. He slipped and fell into the abyss.
Mu Mingxue didn't say anything. She trusted Luo Zheng completely. She tilted her body slightly and jumped down as well.
The other cultivators, such as Ai Hu and the others, followed behind Luo Zheng and entered the abyss again …
Just as Xun had described, the abyss was actually a "ring". Luo Zheng and the others felt that they were falling continuously in this abyss, but in fact, they were flying around a huge "ring".
Every time they circled around the ring, a new cave would appear!
According to Xun's speculation, there should be a limit to the number of rounds in this ring. The ancient Celestial Venerable should have only set up five rounds of tests in this ring.
100,000 years ago, Xun had passed four rounds of tests. The biggest secret of this Abyss of Samsara should be after the fifth round …
Luo Zheng's goal this time was to reach the fifth round of the Abyss of Samsara.
At present, he had only passed two rounds, and the third round had just begun!
Under this kind of falling, everyone was used to it. Everyone maintained a certain angle, and their bodies sank slightly. This way, if there was any danger, they could adjust their posture immediately to deal with it.
Apart from Mu Mingxue, Luo Zheng, and Ai Hu, the other cultivators who were able to persevere until now were all at the Ultimate Divine Realm.
At this time, Mu Mingxue had already thought of retreating.
Perhaps with Luo Zheng's help, Mu Mingxue could go further. But after thinking about it, she decided to activate the Divine Rune of Regression after observing for a while. She could choose to wait for Luo Zheng outside the underground palace!
This fall lasted for about half an hour, but there was no danger. There was not the slightest movement in the abyss.
But at this time, no one relaxed. After all, from the experience of the previous two falls, the beginning of the fall was generally relatively safe, and the danger often appeared in an instant. So at this time, everyone became more and more cautious!
After all, in the second cave, no one had obtained many benefits. They had only obtained some abandoned ancient treasures. They could only place their hopes on the third cave!
"I've found it. Everyone, be careful." The golden-haired woman from the Demon Night Clan had been looking down the entire time.
Luo Zheng also focused his gaze and looked down into the abyss. He frowned slightly and said, "What is this?"
Everyone saw a blood-red color appear at the bottom of the abyss. The instant that blood-red color appeared, every cultivator's heart suddenly shrank!
"What, what a powerful killing intent!"
"This killing intent … How can we resist it!"
"Maintain your state of mind, and you won't be affected by this killing intent!"
As the group continued to descend, the surrounding abyss walls began to change color. Cracks began to appear on the abyss walls, and within those cracks, there was a red light that flowed, as if it was the blood vessels of some living creature. The endless killing intent was also being released from the abyss walls!
In order to avoid the killing intent, everyone gathered at the center of the abyss and began to move away from the walls.
Under normal circumstances, killing intent wouldn't have much of an effect on cultivators.
After all, killing creatures would cause one to be contaminated with killing intent. Everyone had cultivated to the Ultimate Divine Realm, and it was difficult to calculate the number of creatures that had died by their hands.
Generally, a martial artist's infernal energy was within a controllable range. However, some martial artists who cultivated evil techniques needed to obtain infernal energy. They needed to kill more living beings in order to gather even more infernal energy …
If there was too much killing intent, it would create a heart demon in a cultivator's heart. This was especially true when they cultivated, as it was very easy for them to go berserk.
Looking at it this way, although the killing intent in the abyss was dense, it wouldn't have much of an effect on these cultivators. After all, the killing intent wasn't attached to their bodies. Thus, although many cultivators were a bit nervous when faced with the surging killing intent, they weren't afraid.
However, after a short while, these cultivators discovered that they were completely wrong.
As they continued to descend, the killing intent in the abyss became more and more intense. At first, the blood-red light only flowed along the cracks on the abyss walls. However, as everyone continued to descend, the killing intent condensed into red light spots that floated throughout the abyss.
These light spots were everywhere. Even if they floated in the center of the abyss, they couldn't avoid them. The light spots constantly collided with Luo Zheng and the other cultivators.
As for the red light spots condensed by the killing intent, as long as they touched them, they would directly enter the cultivators' bodies and be smoothly absorbed …

Chapter 1137
Killing was addictive, and as more and more creatures were killed, the influence of the infernal aura would become deeper and deeper.
These red dots of light were highly concentrated infernal aura. A single dot of light was almost equivalent to killing hundreds of thousands of creatures. Under this constant absorption, the impact on them could not be said to be small!
Just like Mu Mingxue, her chest was constantly heaving up and down, and her pair of gentle and quiet eyes were now flashing with a touch of red light.
Like other cultivators, Mu Mingxue's heart was also restless. Everything she saw, she could not help but want to tear it apart! Even if she tried her best to restrain herself, her rationality was rapidly disappearing …
"Hu …"
She suddenly condensed a cold aura!
But that cold aura was not released to other cultivators, but to cover herself!
She did not open her protective true essence, and releasing it like this was equivalent to cutting herself. In an instant, she almost froze herself!
It was also because of the invasion of this cold aura that Mu Mingxue's spirit was lifted, allowing her to maintain her clarity of mind!
The other cultivators could no longer hold back at this time!
The first to erupt was the Demon Race cultivators …
The Demon Race was originally extremely warlike and bloodthirsty. The infernal aura in their bodies was originally much more than that of other cultivators. Such a huge amount of infernal aura directly stimulated the originally restless blood in their bodies!
"Roar!"
A Demon Race cultivator roared. Under the tension of the muscles all over his body, his meridians bulged like earthworms, and he slammed into a human cultivator next to him.
And the human cultivator was not to be outdone. There was no fear on his face, and he actually chose to meet the Demon Race cultivator head-on!
"Peng!"
With a muffled sound, after the violent collision, the two were simultaneously repelled and bounced back on the abyss wall!
Whether it was the Demon Race cultivator or the human cultivator, they were seriously injured under this collision. Blood flowed from their eyes, ears, mouth, and nose, but no pain could be seen on their faces. The two cultivators slammed the abyss wall, and with the momentum of the impact, they launched another attack on each other!
Previously, everyone avoided the infernal aura on the abyss wall and gathered in the center of the abyss. This time, under the influence of this strong infernal aura, they fell into a frenzy, killing each other, and suddenly became a mess!
"I'm going to tear you apart!"
Another Demon Race cultivator madly roared. A Demon Race cultivator had been caught by this Demon Race cultivator.
It was not that this Demon Race cultivator's strength was inferior to this Demon Race cultivator, but her heart was more resolute. Although she was affected by the infernal aura, she did not completely lose her reason...... she was still bitterly holding on, and because she was caught off guard by the Demon Race cultivator!
Compared to the Demon Race's burly and muscular body, the Demon Night Clan's woman was slender and slender. How could she break free from his grasp?
As long as the Demon Race cultivator used a little bit of strength, the Demon Night Clan woman would be torn in half.
........... to.......................
...... but at..............
.......
................................ to....
. Luo Zheng held her bow with an indifferent expression.
The lives of the cultivators of the three Holy Lands had nothing to do with Luo Zheng, but in the end, these Demon Race cultivators were Xun's people. Although Xun did not say anything or suggest that she help the Demon Race, compared to the Demon Race, Luo Zheng still had a good impression of the Demon Race ….
Luo Zheng's eyes were still clear. It was not that the infernal aura could not affect Luo Zheng.
In fact, when he touched the red dots of light, his heart had also sped up, and he had fallen into an indescribable frenzy.
The red dots of light condensed from the infernal aura were simply too powerful.
If a person's heart was pure and did not have the slightest desire to kill, then no amount of infernal aura would be able to disturb their state of mind.
For example, if some ignorant children were thrown into this abyss and had them absorb the red dots of light, it would not affect them at all. This was because the world of children was incomparably pure!
However, which cultivator who had stepped onto the Martial Dao had not grown up in the midst of slaughter?
Luo Zheng could not be considered to be a bloodthirsty person, but the desire to kill still existed in his heart. When the infernal aura entered his heart, it would magnify his Heart of Slaughter by countless times. The more infernal aura he absorbed, the more his Heart of Slaughter would be magnified ….
However, the infernal aura's effect on Luo Zheng was only limited to a few breaths of time. After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng would continuously store the infernal aura he had absorbed into the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
When Luo Zheng had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain and stabbed one of his swords into the mountain, he had established a connection with the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
He could store all the infernal aura he had absorbed into the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and he could also 'extract' his own infernal aura from the Slaughter Sword Mountain. However, Luo Zheng had not completely mastered the Slaughter Sword Dao, so after returning to the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had rarely used the infernal aura.
Since there was an endless stream of infernal aura being absorbed, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest taboo. However much he absorbed, he stored. Thus, the infernal aura did not affect Luo Zheng at all!
However, Luo Zheng did not know how much infernal aura this Slaughter Sword Mountain could hold ….
Ever since he had comprehended the 'Yi Shen Sword', Luo Zheng had begun to re-examine the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Up until now, Luo Zheng had not been able to fully display the might of the 'Yi Shen Sword'. No matter how much he tried to comprehend it, he always felt that something was missing. It was like a puzzle. Luo Zheng was able to easily put together 99 pieces, but there was only one last piece left, which was also the most important piece of the puzzle.
Empyrean Yi Sword-wielding was the master of the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Perhaps the most important secret of the 'Yi Shen Sword' lay within the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
Many martial artists fell as they fought each other. They were like moths circling in the air, constantly colliding but quickly separating. Fortunately, it was impossible to fly freely in this abyss, so relatively speaking, the speed at which they killed each other was also reduced.
However, in less than an incense stick's worth of time, besides the demon martial artist whose head had been blown off by Luo Zheng's arrow, a Yao Ye Clan martial artist and two human martial artists had also fallen.
Although Mu Mingxue had been bitterly persevering, as more and more infernal aura accumulated in her body, she had finally lost herself!
Her originally brown eyes had now turned scarlet. With a light wave of her hands, ten slender ice blades appeared at her fingertips.
"You …. Die!"
When a martial artist was in a frenzy, they would prioritize attacking the person closest to them. Luo Zheng had always been by Mu Mingxue's side. Naturally, he would be Mu Mingxue's first target.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh ….
As Mu Mingxue's ten fingers danced like shuttles, transparent ice blades flew towards Luo Zheng.
Facing those ice blades, Luo Zheng could only reveal a bitter smile. Then, he waved his fists, and a sharp fist light appeared!
Bang bang bang bang ….
The fist light danced out, directly shattering all the ice blades.
While shattering the ice blades, Luo Zheng continued to approach Mu Mingxue ….
With Mu Mingxue's current strength, it was destined that she would not be able to harm Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng approached, she suddenly reached out to grab Mu Mingxue.
Although Mu Mingxue was in a frenzy, her fighting instincts were stimulated to the extreme by the killing intent. With a slight twist of her waist, she stretched out her leg and abruptly kicked Luo Zheng's chest. With a flip, two ice hairpins appeared in her hands, and she stabbed them towards Luo Zheng's ears!
To a martial artist, killing intent was not only harmful. In fact, killing intent could stimulate a martial artist's fighting instincts to the extreme. The strength Mu Mingxue displayed this time was at least 30% higher than usual. If an ordinary martial artist were to face Mu Mingxue's series of attacks, it would be very difficult for them to guard against it.
Unfortunately, Mu Mingxue's opponent was Luo Zheng. He still had a faint smile on his face. He tilted his head back slightly, avoiding the two ice hairpins from Mu Mingxue. Taking advantage of the time when Mu Mingxue crossed her arms, Luo Zheng single-handedly locked her slender arms and pulled her in front of him.
Even if her hands were locked, Mu Mingxue did not give up resisting. She twisted her hands, trying to break free from Luo Zheng's grasp.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1138
Luo Zheng had forcibly cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique with his magic treasure body. At that time, the world within his body had undergone the most fundamental change.
If the Exalted Tool Refining Technique had allowed Luo Zheng to embark on a completely different path of Body Refining, then the Primal Chaos Secret Technique had allowed Luo Zheng to embark on a completely different path of Cultivation.
The True Dragons weren't sure if the world within their body, which was built on the foundation of Primal Chaos, could really evolve into another Divine Realm, or how far Luo Zheng could go on this path.
But they knew that if they continued down this path, Luo Zheng was destined to surpass their imaginations in the future.
This source of energy flowed from Luo Zheng's chest all the way down, spreading towards his dantian and escaping into Luo Zheng's inner world.
At this moment, the area of Luo Zheng's inner world was growing larger and larger, and the number of species born within it was also gradually increasing.
An ape was nimbly climbing through the shrubs, feeding on a sweet berry.
This ape had already evolved a trace of intelligence, and knew to avoid some of the ferocious beasts and poisonous insects on this land. Apart from this, what this ape was most interested in was the unimaginably huge tree at the end of the land.
There seemed to be something special on that tree, and it exuded a boundless attraction.
But with the ape's strength, it was still unable to climb such a tall tree …
Today, this ape's harvest was pretty good. After picking a lot of berries, it decided to return to its cave, where there were still baby apes crying piteously for food. They lived in groups.
At this moment, the ape suddenly heard an explosion, causing it to tremble in fear.
At this moment, the ape finally raised its head and began to look up at the starry sky for the first time!
The deep starry sky deeply attracted the ape's attention. This was the first time in Luo Zheng's inner world that a creature began to consciously look up at the starry sky.
Where was the depths of the sky …
Where was the place beyond the sky?
The ape already knew how to think, but with its experience, it clearly couldn't imagine it. It didn't even have the concept of "sky". It was only instinctively curious and thinking.
"Boom …"
Following that explosion, a multicolored thin line appeared in the sky.
That thin line terrified the ape, because the color of this thin line was very similar to the color of a seven-colored snake on the land. It looked like a long seven-colored snake.
This snake constantly spiraled in the sky, as if it was about to split the sky …
Not long after, this snake began to slowly curl up, forming a ball, which looked like some unknown round fruit.
The source of energy had a fatal attraction to any creature, even the creatures in Luo Zheng's inner world.
That round fruit looked very delicious, and the ape couldn't help but extend its claws towards the ball in the sky................
After the first round ball appeared, the second round ball quickly appeared, followed by the third, fourth, and fifth round balls …
The ape stretched out two claws and then retracted the fingers on one of the claws. There were nine claws. It already knew how to count. Nine claws meant nine.
........
At this moment, the strange cry of a ferocious beast rang out beside it.
The ape stopped observing the astronomical phenomenon. On this land, although apes were smart, they were far from being a match for some ferocious beasts. To fight these ferocious beasts, these apes had to become even smarter.
At this moment, it hugged its bountiful harvest of berries and followed a hidden path back to its cave.
On the whole land, all the creatures were looking up at the sky at this moment.
However, other than that ape, the other creatures looked up at the sky out of the most instinctive restlessness, from the attraction of the source of energy. They didn't have the most basic intelligence, and didn't know how to think.
Vast amounts of source of energy gathered continuously.
According to Professor Chi Long's method, they began to construct stars …
A martial artist's inner world had all the essential elements of life, but there were no stars.
Even in a true god's inner world, there were still no stars.
Even if a true god in the divine realm cultivated both energy and body, opened nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, and cultivated an extremely mature inner world, they couldn't merge the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier into the inner world.
If a true god could do this, then this true god wouldn't be far from becoming a Saint.
As the nine stars condensed continuously, they emitted a resplendent seven-colored radiance, illuminating Luo Zheng's inner world. As for Luo Zheng, he was endlessly absorbing the source of energy!
Lie Yu had only absorbed a few thousand drops of source of energy, and was already close to a saturated state. At this moment, he could only look on helplessly as Luo Zheng absorbed it.
The expression on Lie Yu's face was quite interesting, because the scene before him made him very confused.
Luo Zheng had been lying in the lake formed by the source of energy for a long time. In Lie Yu's opinion, the amount of source of energy that Luo Zheng could absorb shouldn't be much more than his. Ten thousand drops should be about enough, and the absorption process shouldn't exceed ten breaths' time.
However, almost an hour had passed, and Luo Zheng was still lying in the lake with his eyes closed.
'Isn't he too greedy? If he can't absorb it, there's no need to force himself … '
Seeing so much source of energy, yet being able to absorb so little of it, Lie Yu was indeed unwilling. He understood Luo Zheng's thoughts very well.
However, their cultivation was limited, and there was a limit to the amount of source of energy they could absorb.
Not to mention him and Luo Zheng, even if the Thunder Toad came here personally, it wouldn't be able to absorb all of the source of energy in the lake. It would be a miracle if it could absorb one-thousandth of it. After all, the source of energy here represented the power of a Saint.
However …
Suddenly, he saw eight small vortexes appear around Luo Zheng! At this moment, he saw the source of energy begin to flow through these eight vortexes and into Luo Zheng's body.
'Eight Dao Pillars! Sigh … '
The Collapsing Mountain Clan's body refinement technique was actually the most primitive. They didn't know how to cast Dao Pillars. Opening eight Dao Pillars and casting nine stars of the Spirit Altar was a complete body refinement technique. However, the Collapsing Mountain Clan didn't use this technique, so they didn't open Dao Pillars or cast nine stars.
Of course, the Collapsing Mountain Clan was also very special. Although their body refinement technique was primitive, it wasn't necessarily bad. However, seeing this scene now, Lie Yu felt somewhat unbalanced. After all, the source of energy that Luo Zheng was absorbing was probably far more than his, perhaps more than twice as much.
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally stopped absorbing the source of energy. However, this guy was still lying in the lake with his eyes closed.
'Still reluctant to come up?' Lie Yu's eyes widened.
He really didn't believe that Luo Zheng could still absorb it …
However, just as this thought appeared in his mind, the entire lake formed by the source of energy suddenly began to ripple. A huge vortex formed, and with Luo Zheng as the center, it continuously converged towards him!
"Crash!"
Seeing this turbulent momentum, it was easy to imagine the ferocious speed at which Luo Zheng was absorbing the source of energy!
According to this speed of absorption, it could no longer be described as a 'drop'. It was calculated in terms of 'rise' and 'dou'.
'How, how is this possible!'
Even if the entire Collapsing Mountain Clan jumped into this lake and began to madly absorb the source of energy, they still wouldn't be able to achieve such an effect, right? How much source of energy could this guy bear? He couldn't have absorbed all the source of energy here, right?
This terrifying thought suddenly emerged in Lie Yu's mind.
Their Collapsing Mountain Clan relied on the source of energy. If Luo Zheng really absorbed all of it, then it would be a disaster.
"Crash …"
The huge vortex continuously revolved around Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was the center of this vortex, continuously absorbing the source of energy, converging into the world inside his body and condensing into the nine stars …
The nine stars became brighter and brighter, illuminating Luo Zheng's world inside his body. When the brightness of the light reached a certain limit, the seven colors became difficult to distinguish and began to become a blinding light. This light was the color of the sun! Seven suns were produced inside Luo Zheng's body!
When the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier were forged to a certain degree, Luo Zheng's world inside his body also began to tremble unceasingly, and the sea of chaos also began to surge.
The seven suns emitted a huge gravitational force, triggering the tides of the sea of chaos.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally stopped absorbing the source of energy. Even if his world inside his body was very special, the amount of source of energy he could bear at this stage was ultimately limited. If he continued to absorb, the gravitational force emitted by the source of energy would be able to turn his world inside his body into a mess, and possibly even tear it apart.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1139
Right now, Luo Zheng wasn't strong enough, so it wasn't time for him to stand up for Xun.
Therefore, Xun being in Luo Zheng's body was a secret that couldn't be leaked.
Once Yao found out, she would be hunted down endlessly! Xun had left the Fiend Night Clan for a long time, so it would be difficult for her to fight against Yao.
Now was definitely not the time to leak this secret.
However, when the blood-red power of faith was reflected on Luo Zheng's body, this secret couldn't be kept.
Rumble … Rumble … Rumble …
Under the control of the murderous aura, Ai Hu continued to attack the blonde woman's tri-colored light barrier.
However, at this moment, the blonde woman had forgotten to fight back. Her eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng's body, and her gaze was filled with confusion.
"Why is my Queen a man? Why … "the blonde woman muttered.
Outside the underground palace, the confusion in the eyes of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land's Holy Leader gradually disappeared, but his expression became even more serious. "My Queen has disappeared for a long time. It seems … she's in this human's body!"
As for the Demon Holy Leader and the Human Holy Leader, their expressions were even more interesting.
Not long ago, the two Kings of the Fiend Night Clan had used the Roar Command to curse each other. Now, it seemed that the King of Slaughter, who had disappeared for a long time, was in this underground palace!
Luo Zheng's face also darkened. The trouble they were facing now was probably unprecedented!
Whoosh ~
The power of faith transmitted from a distant space was extinguished by Xun, and the blood-red light suddenly dissipated. After losing the power of faith, the blonde woman's tri-colored light barrier lost a red light, but it was still more than enough to block Ai Hu's attack.
Even if she extinguished the power of faith reflected on Luo Zheng's body, it was meaningless.
Not long after, Yao's laughter rang out in the universe.
"Hahaha, I thought this game of cat and mouse would continue for a while. I didn't expect it to end so quickly. Xun, you're even more stupid than I thought!" Yao used the Roar Command to spread her voice throughout the universe, so it naturally reached Luo Zheng and Xun's ears.
At the same time, everyone in the universe knew that the Demon Night Clan's King of Slaughter had been found.
"My king, where are you?!" Empyrean Divine Arrow's voice also sounded. His tone was urgent. As one of Fumigate's strongest former subordinates, Empyrean Divine Arrow had been paying close attention to Fumigate's movements. Now that he heard Yao's words, Empyrean Divine Arrow naturally became nervous.
In the Misty Clouds Palace, Yun Luo's expression changed slightly. She lowered her head and murmured, "This is troublesome …"
It was not suitable for Yun Luo to interfere in the internal conflicts of the Yao Night clan. If it was just some ordinary matter, it would be fine, but facing the massive Human Race Alliance, the Yao Night clan would take a step back.
However, this was an internal battle between two Kings of the Night Demon Clan. The Night Demon Clan would never back down in a battle of life and death! If Yun Luo forcefully interfered, she might involve the Alliance's Celestial Venerables and the Demon Night Clan's Celestial Venerables. Now that the great era had arrived, many Celestial Venerables were hiding, waiting for the new Mandate of Heaven to descend. It would be unwise for Yun Luo to involve herself now.
But Luo Zheng …
"Too careless … I hope you can turn this misfortune into a blessing …" Yun Luo could not help but shake her head.
Luo Zheng was still falling with Mu Mingxue, but his brows were tightly furrowed. This was purely an accident. Even Xun did not know that the blonde woman would suddenly use the power of the three Kings, which exposed Xun!
"Now … what should we do?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun's expression was not any better. After thinking for a while, her eyes revealed a trace of fierceness. "Continue downward. Let's get through the Abyss of Samsara first! We'll think about other problems later! "
The current situation was very unfavorable for them!
Previously, in Zeji City, Xun could force Ling Lan to make a King's Oath and use it to deceive everyone.
However, the Purple Bamboo Holy Land's Holy Lord outside the underground palace would not listen to Xun's orders. Although Xun was the King of Slaughter, people in high positions were often more aware of the situation than those below them. Xun's position as King was already on the verge of collapse.
That Holy Lord was now blocking the entrance of the underground palace. As long as Luo Zheng and Xun left the Abyss of Samsara, their fates could be imagined. In short, they definitely could not leave!
However, staying in the Abyss of Samsara was not a solution. First of all, the Abyss of Samsara could not prevent Holy Lord level experts from entering. The reason why these Holy Lords were not willing to force their way in was that they valued the various opportunities and secret treasures in the underground palace. If they forced their way in, they would probably destroy the entire abyss.
Even if Luo Zheng stayed in the Abyss of Samsara, it would only exhaust Yao Yao's patience. When her patience ran out, they would sooner or later force their way into the Abyss of Samsara.
Luo Zheng did not have time to pay attention to other warriors, including Ai Hu. He dragged Mu Mingxue toward the abyss wall. When his body touched the wall, his whole body turned horizontally and his legs exerted force on the abyss wall!
"Whoosh!"
He stepped diagonally upward. In this way, Luo Zheng's falling speed increased by more than 30%!
Although his falling speed was not considered slow, Luo Zheng did not have much time left. He had to pass through the Abyss of Samsara as soon as possible. As for the road ahead … Both he and Xun were in a mess!
Immediately after, he adjusted his position and approached the abyss wall again. He stepped again!
"Whoosh …"
His speed increased again!
Under this repeated step, Luo Zheng dragged Mu Mingxue and left the group of frenzied warriors far above.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Ai Hu was still bombarding the golden-haired woman's dual-colored light screen. The golden-haired woman was still staring blankly at Luo Zheng's rapidly falling figure. She was only a Divine Realm warrior, but because she had the ancient bloodline of the Night Demon Clan, she was placed in an important position by the Sacred Master.
According to the rules of the Night Demon Clan, someone with such a bloodline should have been sent to the core area of the Night Demon Clan to cultivate. However, she had grown up in the Purple Bamboo Holy Land, and the Sacred Master had treated her kindly, so she had hidden the matter of her bloodline. She did not expect that after being forced into a dead end by this human warrior, such a big thing would happen when she used the power of the three kings!
The sound of the roar reverberated through the universe, so it naturally reached her ears. This was a dispute between kings. She faintly felt that she had unintentionally done something wrong …
Xun and Luo Zheng did not hate the golden-haired woman. After all, she did not know that her identity was exposed here. It was purely a coincidence!
As Luo Zheng rapidly fell, the surrounding scenery changed once again. The abyss wall was originally blood-red and filled with a murderous aura, but now the abyss wall was surrounded by white light!
It was an extremely pure purification power!
The white purification power was like snowflakes, constantly revolving in the abyss and quickly entering Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue's bodies.
This purification power did not have much of an effect on Luo Zheng. After all, the murderous aura he had absorbed had been completely sent into the Slaughtering Sword Mountain. However, this strange purification power calmed Luo Zheng's anxious heart a little. This purification power was originally able to purify the chaotic thoughts in one's mind.
As the purification power entered Mu Mingxue's body little by little, the murderous aura in her body rapidly decreased, and the red light in her eyes gradually dissipated!
Not long after, the murderous aura in Mu Mingxue's body was completely cleared, and her expression returned to normal!
"Luo, Luo Zheng …"
Mu Mingxue fell into a frenzy. Her thoughts had been dominated by the murderous aura just now, so she naturally did not know what had happened.
"Leave the Abyss of Samsara," Luo Zheng simply said. He did not need to explain too much to Mu Mingxue.
Mu Mingxue's expression froze. Probably because she heard that Luo Zheng's tone was not good, her face showed a trace of silence. She pursed her lips and just said, "Hmm" … She also knew that she would be a burden to Luo Zheng if she followed him in. Leaving the underground palace as soon as possible was a good thing for Luo Zheng.
Probably feeling Mu Mingxue's mood, Luo Zheng could only turn his head and smile at Mu Mingxue, "It's not what you think. I have other troubles!"
"What troubles …" Mu Mingxue's eyes flashed with a trace of concern.
"You will naturally know in the future." After saying that, Luo Zheng once again approached the abyss wall. With a stomp, he sped up and rushed down.

Chapter 1140
Mu Mingxue also knew that she couldn't share Luo Zheng's burden even if it was just an ordinary problem.
Moreover, looking at Luo Zheng's face, she knew that he had indeed encountered a considerable amount of trouble this time. When she was powerless, she would naturally try her best to be well-behaved …
After activating the Divine Rune of Regression, a purple light enveloped her, and her falling momentum quickly stopped. Then, the purple light brought her upwards at a rapid speed.
Luo Zheng's current falling speed was more than three times faster than before. His entire spirit was in a state of high tension.
He didn't expect that this trip to the underground palace would cause such a big trouble …
But nothing was fixed in the world. Everyone's fate was different, and Luo Zheng's fate was impossible to predict.
But now, Luo Zheng was facing a predicament, but it wasn't a hopeless one!
Now, Luo Zheng had to make the best use of his time and explore the Abyss of Reincarnation. Back then, Xun had only stopped at the fourth circle of the Abyss of Reincarnation, but she had concluded that there was an even bigger secret in the fifth circle. Perhaps, this secret could help Luo Zheng get out of this predicament?
The whistling sound of the wind blew madly in Luo Zheng's ears, and his speed became faster and faster …
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw another stone platform appear in front of him.
"The third cave!" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
"No need to go in," Xun's voice came at the same time. "There are all kinds of protective treasures in the third cave. Although those protective treasures are good, it's too much of a waste of time to take them down!"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and then he nodded. He didn't adjust his position, but continued to fall rapidly. His gaze even stopped at the third cave.
After quickly passing through the third cave, Luo Zheng entered the fourth circle of the Abyss of Reincarnation!
"The fourth circle is a bit troublesome … You have to be careful," Xun warned.
"Understood," Luo Zheng replied seriously. At the same time, he held his long sword in his hand. The dragon scales on his body lit up one by one, and a majestic power began to accumulate in his body.
Hiding inside Luo Zheng's body, Xun suddenly smiled when she saw Luo Zheng's serious expression. Although she had warned Luo Zheng, she was still confident that Luo Zheng could pass the fourth round. She had to admit that she seemed to have given Luo Zheng too much pressure …
"Don't worry … since we have already been exposed, I will help you on the remaining path in this deep abyss!" Xun thought to herself.
Since there were Yao Night Clan cultivators in the Abyss of Samsara, and the Purple Bamboo Holy Land's Holy Master was watching the entrance of the underground palace, Xun Yi didn't plan on taking action at first.
However, things were different now. Her greatest enemy, Yao Yao, had already discovered her existence. There was no need to hide anymore. She would do her best to help Luo Zheng pass through the Abyss of Samsara.
As Luo Zheng descended at high speed, ghostly wails and howls could be heard from the bottom of the abyss. Waves of eerie ghostly energy could be felt from below, as if there were tens of thousands of ghosts wailing. At this moment, the Abyss of Samsara seemed to have turned into an abyss that led to hell!
"Roar …"
"Wu … wu …"
Countless ghosts were clinging to the walls of the abyss below!
These ghosts were of different sizes. When they heard the commotion above them, they all looked up. When they saw Luo Zheng, they all opened their mouths and roared.
Faced with such a large number of ghosts, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He directly charged down.
Of course, hesitating was useless. He couldn't fly, so there was no way he could avoid these ghosts. The only way he could escape from the Abyss of Samsara was if he crushed the Divine Rune of Return. However, that was obviously an unrealistic idea.
Because Luo Zheng's speed was too fast, the ghosts didn't even have time to react. Luo Zheng had already shot forward!
However, after falling for several li, the ghosts clinging to the walls of the abyss finally reacted. They jumped out of the abyss wall in advance and surrounded Luo Zheng.
"Ah … wu … wu …"
A ghost that looked like a gorilla jumped along the abyss wall. Its entire body was emitting a pure black ghostly energy. It wanted to hug Luo Zheng.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword in his hand stabbed out!
These ghosts didn't have a physical body. The Ghost Divine Shadow and the wind blades couldn't harm them. However, lightning had a miraculous effect on these ghosts!
Therefore, Luo Zheng's sword only activated the Law of Lightning within the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword!
"Pa —"
An azure bolt of lightning streaked across the pitch-black abyss, illuminating the densely packed ghosts on both sides of the abyss. That scene made one's scalp tingle.
This bolt of lightning struck the gorilla-like ghost, causing it to instantly vanish into thin air …
However, Luo Zheng's attack didn't frighten these ghosts. On the contrary, it aroused their ferocious nature even more!
One by one, the ghostly creatures pounced down from the abyss wall. At the same time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard all sorts of wails. It turned out that the ghostly creatures that Luo Zheng had swiftly swept past had also left the abyss wall and were chasing down …
However, their falling speed was far slower than Luo Zheng's. They could only be left behind by Luo Zheng. However, as more and more ghosts passed by, they completely blocked off the top of the abyss!
In other words, all around Luo Zheng, including the top of his head, were now filled with ghosts …
"All of you, die …"
"Pa pa pa …"
As bolts of lightning reverberated in the abyss, the ghosts were all killed by the lightning released by the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword!
However, there were too many ghosts. Even though Luo Zheng was madly brandishing the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword, with his strength alone, he still left some openings.
The first ghost finally attached itself to Luo Zheng's body. Although the ghost was light and weightless, the moment it attached itself to Luo Zheng's body, streams of Yin-Hell energy invaded Luo Zheng's body!
"Scram!"
Luo Zheng lightly twirled his sword. A bolt of lightning didn't shoot out. Instead, it circled around his body like a silver dragon!
"Pa!"
This bolt of lightning once again smashed the ghost into smithereens.
As soon as he dealt with the first ghost, another two or three ghosts immediately attached themselves to Luo Zheng's body!
"Awoo …"
As more and more ghosts attached themselves to Luo Zheng's body, streams of Yin-Hell energy continuously invaded Luo Zheng's body …
This Yin-Hell energy seemed to be very special. It didn't bring much pain to Luo Zheng. However, other than the cold, Luo Zheng did feel that his reaction speed was slowly decreasing!
"Wu wu wu …"
When Luo Zheng's speed decreased, even more ghosts attached themselves to him.
Ten, a hundred, a thousand …
If one looked at it from another angle, Luo Zheng's figure had already completely disappeared. The ghosts attached themselves to each other, tightly wrapping Luo Zheng within. They formed a huge ball and slowly fell into the abyss …
These ghosts' bodies were extremely light. Being wrapped like this, they seriously affected Luo Zheng's falling speed.
"What should I do …" Being wrapped in layers of ghosts, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed. Although he could still rely on the Thundergale Divine Sword to release lightning, and each lightning bolt could annihilate ten ghosts, his killing speed was far from being able to keep up with the increasing speed of these ghosts!
The most troublesome thing was that with the invasion of the Yin-Hell energy, Luo Zheng's body became more and more sluggish. His speed also rapidly decreased.
Luo Zheng also tried to force the Yin-Hell energy out of his body. However, it didn't seem to have any effect. The Yin-Hell energy quickly circulated within Luo Zheng's body. It even moved within his meridians, approaching his Dantian step by step!
Just as Luo Zheng was fretting, Xun's faint voice transmitted over. "Let me do it …"
At this moment, Xun's figure left Luo Zheng's body and overlapped with the ghosts. At the same time, a red light passed through the boundless space and converged on her body!
Before, Xun was afraid of exposing her position and didn't dare to use her Faith Pond. However, she no longer had this taboo.
(Reversing the time, the next chapter will be updated tomorrow during the day ^ _ ^ Thank you everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1141
In the temples, there were statues of Buddhas and gods. As more and more people came to worship them, there would be an endless stream of incense.
As the saying went, if you believed in something, then there would be something. If you didn't believe in something, then there would be nothing. When hundreds, thousands, or even hundreds of millions of people worshipped someone, then even a clay Buddha could become a god.
This was actually the power of incense at work. In the eyes of the cultivators of the Upper Realm, this was the power of faith!
A single bit of faith might be insignificant, but when millions, billions, or trillions of bits of faith gathered together, it would be like countless streams converging into a river, countless rivers converging into a river, countless rivers converging into an ocean, and countless oceans converging into a pool of faith within the Yao Night Clan.
The cultivation of the kings of the Yao Night Clan wasn't very strong in the entire universe. The three kings were merely Realm Lords. However, with the power of faith absorbed by the countless kings' statues and the power of faith gathered by the millions of people behind them, they had the ability to defeat a Celestial Venerable!
As the power of faith continued to gather around Xun, her aura became more and more powerful, and the blood-red light in her eyes became more and more intense!
"Break for me!"
In the abyss, a thin streak of blood-red light suddenly emerged from the giant sphere formed by countless ghosts clinging to each other!
Whoosh …
Then, there were two more, three more, four more … and then countless more!
Accompanied by the wails of thousands of ghosts, an incomparably beautiful red sun appeared in the abyss. The power of faith swept through all the ghosts as easily as crushing dry weeds.
A moment later, the red sun dissipated, and Luo Zheng began to descend again. Xun stood by Luo Zheng's side.
Dense power of faith flowed around Xun's body, slowly solidifying into a blood-red armor. Sharp spikes extended from the armor's shoulders all the way to the back. The spikes grew longer and longer, and the longest spike was at least two to three meters long! The two rows of spikes formed a pair of enormous "wings" that took up almost the entire space of the abyss and supported Xun.
The contrast between the huge spiked wings and Smoky's slender body was a strong visual impact.
At this moment, she had transformed into a god revered and worshipped by trillions of living beings. A supreme sense of nobility emanated from her body. With just a glance, one would feel a sense of submission. Even Luo Zheng, who had an extremely strong willpower, was no exception!
The power of faith was actually powerful to this extent!
Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of unfamiliarity in his heart as he looked at Xun. It was as if Xun had been completely reborn at this moment …
In fact, this was indeed the case. After absorbing a certain amount of Faith Power, Smoky had been tainted with Divinity. Although there was a big difference between her and a True God, the aura she exuded was almost the same as a True God!
"Give me the gun and continue to speed up … I'll get you through the rest of the journey as soon as possible. This won't last long," Smoky said coldly.
"Why can't it continue …" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun sneered, "How could that bitch let me continue to draw from the Faith Pool?"
Luo Zheng's expression changed. He took out the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear and handed it over …
After receiving the spear, Smoky waved it and said coldly, "Turn around and get ready!"
Luo Zheng understood Smoky's meaning. His body suddenly twisted, his legs facing up and his whole body curled up into a ball. At this moment, Smoky brandished the spear and fiercely hacked down at Luo Zheng from above!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's whole body suddenly straightened. His legs stepped on the spear at an extremely fast speed!
Whoosh!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was whipped down by Smoky's spear. His speed was extremely fast as he shot down …
…
…
Outside the boundless space, Yao's face rippled with a faint smile. Her long skirt dragged on the clean and spotless ground.
A man from the Nightfiend Clan in embroidered clothes was following behind Yao Yao. The man had silver hair, an extremely handsome appearance, and an extremely tall figure. The biggest difference between him and a human cultivator was his sharp and erect ears. In the Nightfiend Clan's sense of beauty, the straight and erect ears were an important indicator ….
The Demon Night Clan had more females, and they were usually more talented than the males. Therefore, in the various large worlds of the Demon Night Clan, there were extremely few males who stepped into the World Lord realm. It was even rarer for someone like him to be a Great World Lord.
"Yue Ye," Yao's voice calmly sounded.
"Yes, my queen." The embroidered clothed man called Yue Ye placed his hand on his chest.
"Seal Smoky's Faith Pool, then send Mie, Sha, Jue, and Sha to the Sifting Yin World!" Yao ordered.
Hearing this, Yue Ye revealed a hesitant expression, "But the Elder Council …"
"They don't know how to speak." Yao's face was expressionless. As the King of Punishment and the ruler of the Court of Justice, who in the Demon Night Clan dared to go against her?
"Those who speak will all be dead," Yao Yao added.
Sealing the Pond of Faith was a taboo.
This was because the three Faith Pools of the Demon Night Clan would constantly absorb the faith energy of the trillions of citizens of the Demon Night Clan through the three king statues.
Once a Faith Pool was sealed, Smoky would not be able to extract faith energy from his own Faith Pool, and the faith energy of the trillions of citizens would not be able to be poured into the Faith Pool!
The number of kings in the Demon Night Clan was not constant. Smoky would fall, and so would Yao. However, the three kings would not fall because the Demon Night Clan could appoint a new king.
Strictly speaking, the three Faith Pools did not belong to any one of them. Instead, they were one of the most precious assets of the Demon Night Clan …
Forcefully sealing the Faith Pools would definitely result in retaliation from the Elder Council!
But that didn't really matter. The current Elder Council no longer had much of an effect on Yao Yao. The King of Life had remained silent, and more than ninety percent of Kaori's former subordinates had been wiped out. Who in the Daydream Clan could go against her?
Yao did not choose to seal the Faith Pools because she hoped that Smoky would take the initiative to use the faith energy within the Faith Pools. That way, she would be able to track Smoky down.
However, Smoky naturally knew what Yao was thinking, so after ascending, Smoky had never thought of using her Faith Pools …
However, the golden-haired woman with the bloodline of the Ancient Demon Night Clan had accidentally released the power of the three kings, causing Smoky to be exposed.
Since she was already exposed, Smoky no longer hesitated. She would do her best to help Luo Zheng pass the trial of the Abyss of Samsara as quickly as possible.
Most importantly, Smoky was unable to fully unleash the power of the faith energy. Firstly, she was too far away from the Faith Pools, and secondly, she was not in her complete form. Otherwise, how could the Holy Lord of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land stop her when she left the Abyss of Samsara with Luo Zheng?
Therefore, before her Faith Pools were sealed, she had to make the best use of her time!
Luo Zheng fell rapidly, and Smoky followed by his side. She held the spear in her hand with one hand. When faced with any danger that appeared in the abyss, she would defeat it with one strike …
Originally, in this Abyss of Samsara, it would take at least four hours to pass through one round. However, with Xun protecting him all the way and Luo Zheng descending at an extremely fast speed, he actually passed through the fourth round in less than an hour!
"There's another cave!"
"I'm not going!"
Although the treasures in the cave were important, they had no time to care about other things. Smoky had obtained great benefits in the fourth cave, and 100,000 years ago, she had planted a section of the extinct Holy Thunder Bamboo in the fourth cave. The cave's environment was very suitable for the growth of the Holy Thunder Bamboo.
Now that 100,000 years had passed, who knew how long the Holy Thunder Bamboo had grown? If Luo Zheng took it away, he could even comprehend the supreme profundity of the sixth level of the Thunder Elemental Law!
But now, Smoky had to help Luo Zheng pass through the fifth circle quickly!
Perhaps with Luo Zheng's own strength, he could pass through the fifth circle, but there was not much time left. Now, he had to go as fast as he could. As for the Holy Thunder Bamboo, there might be a way to obtain it after passing through the fifth circle!
Whoosh …

Chapter 1142
Strands of fine lightning intertwined with each other, forming a thick lightning line that hung in the abyss.
Every time Luo Zheng touched it, the abyss would erupt with a thunderous roar, and at the same time, several lightning balls would explode madly in the abyss!
The power of these lightning balls was extremely terrifying, and the Law of Thunder contained within them had already broken through the limit of the fifth layer. The Law of Thunder contained within them had reached a level that Luo Zheng could not comprehend!
Under such power, even the body of a Divine Artifact would find it difficult to resist.
However, Luo Zheng still clenched his teeth and sped down. His speed had reached the limit, and even if he wanted to stop, it would be impossible.
"Crack!"
A lightning ball exploded below Luo Zheng, and the blazing white light from the lightning ball was reflected in his eyes. A huge impact began to press down on Luo Zheng.
"Boom … …"
The huge impact not only stopped Luo Zheng's falling momentum, but also bounced him high up into the abyss, and his whole body spun around in the air.
After Luo Zheng stabilized his body, a trace of blood escaped from the corner of his mouth!
"Too hasty … …"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly, but there was no sign of compromise on his face. Taking advantage of the falling momentum, he once again rushed down.
Seeing this scene, a faint smile appeared on Xun's cold face. Her whole body gently floated behind Luo Zheng, and her lotus-like white arm passed through Luo Zheng's armpit, and then she closed her eyes … …
As soon as Xun finished speaking, the spiky wings formed from the Power of Faith began to bend. Not only did the pair of wings wrap around her, but they also wrapped around Luo Zheng!
"Continue!"
"Whoosh … …"
Under Xun's protection, Luo Zheng's falling speed suddenly increased by several times.
The thick lightning lines were triggered again and again, and more and more lightning balls exploded in the abyss, and violent roars echoed in the abyss.
However, no matter how powerful the lightning balls were, they could not penetrate the protection of the pair of wings!
All the way down, there was no obstruction!
After passing through this area filled with lightning balls, they were greeted by lightning spirits that already had their own consciousness!
These Thunder Spirits floated in the abyss. They were very cute, and from time to time they would let out soft cries, as if they were pets that could be adopted!
However, it was precisely these adorable lightning spirits that contained fatal power. Back then, Xun, who was still at the Extreme Divine Realm, had chosen to retreat because of these lightning spirits.
At that time, Smoky was already able to use the power of faith, but the amount she could use was limited, far less than now.
Dang Xun hugged Luo Zheng and continued to fall head first. Those Thunder Spirits gathered together and began to launch round after round of attacks.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The power of thunder surged forth once more, but Smoky's wings were indestructible. Instead, those Thunder Spirits that weren't able to dodge in time were directly smashed apart, disappearing …
"This …"
A strange look flashed across Luo Zheng's face.
Before, Ancestral Gragon had secretly eaten a lot of power of faith, but at that time, Luo Zheng didn't have a clear and direct understanding of the power of faith.
Now, Luo Zheng finally understood. Even though Smoky was still a remnant soul, and her soul had only recovered to about 60%, but if she used all of her power of faith, normal Sector Lords wouldn't be her match. She even had the qualifications to fight against Sky Sovereigns!
Unfortunately, from what Smoky said, that bitch called "Yao" seemed to have a way to stop her from extracting the power of faith. It seemed that Smoky wouldn't be able to use this mysterious and powerful power soon.
"Huhuhu …"
The time it took to pass through the fifth circle of the abyss was only half an incense's time slower than the fourth circle.
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw the bottom of the abyss …
At the bottom of the abyss, there was a quiet deep valley, surrounded by unknown plants. Although the light here wasn't strong, these plants still grew very luxuriantly.
"Pu, pu …"
When falling into the deep valley, Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted, and with both feet facing down, he stood firmly on the ground.
On the other hand, Xun had completely retracted her pair of spikes. Her wide wings had also retracted in an instant, condensing into twelve blades that were neatly inserted into her back, forming two smaller and more condensed wings!
"This valley … is the end of the abyss?"
In this secluded valley, Luo Zheng looked around at the sudden change in the environment.
Previously, every time he circled the abyss, he would find a cave. Logically speaking, there should also be a cave at the end of the valley.
Smoky's eyes flashed slightly, and the two blades on her back suddenly separated, rapidly circling in the air, and began to cut the plants at an extremely fast speed.
Not long after, the plants at the bottom of the valley were all cut into pieces. Not long after, the entire valley was empty, and on the side of the valley, there was indeed a small cave …
Compared to the previous four caves, this cave in front of him was much smaller.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate, nor did he ask Smoky, because she had never been here before, so naturally, she didn't know what was in this cave.
Striding forward, he walked towards the cave, while Smoky floated behind Luo Zheng, a trace of curiosity in her eyes. After all, she wasn't able to explore to this level in the past. Now that she followed Luo Zheng again, she really wanted to understand the mysteries within.
Who was this ancient Celestial Sovereign? Why did he build such an underground palace? What kind of inheritance could he obtain?
Because the cave was very narrow, Smoky shrank the blade-like wings again, turning them into a small spider pattern, and attached them to her back.
The Faith Power was completely under Smoky's control, and the shape it could transform into was completely controlled by Smoky …
Luo Zheng walked in front, leading Smoky through the narrow cave. Not long after, they entered a stone house. This stone house was obviously cut from the inside of the cave. The surrounding stone walls were horizontal and vertical, and there was even a stone bed.
There was nothing left on the stone bed, only a thick pile of dust …
Perhaps the bedding and the things inside the mat had been placed here before, but even divine tools couldn't withstand the erosion of hundreds of millions of years. Ordinary things that had been placed here for hundreds of millions of years would probably become a pile of dust, or even dust would cease to exist!
No matter how one looked at it, this stone house was nothing special. After all, any cultivator would only need a few breaths of time to cut out such a stone house.
"The back door," Smoky's eyes fell on a corner of the stone house, where there was a small door.
Luo Zheng nodded, and then opened the door according to Smoky's request …
The moment Luo Zheng opened the door, a huge attractive force pulled Luo Zheng in.
Smoky originally wanted to stabilize her body and resist this attractive force, but a trace of surprise quickly appeared on her face. Even with the help of her Faith Power, she couldn't resist this attractive force, and it easily pulled her into the small door!
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng and Xun stood side by side in a strange space. This space was filled with stars of various sizes and their numbers were uncountable.
"So many stars … Is this a fantasy space?" Luo Zheng looked at the magnificent stars and asked.
Smoky shook her head, "It's not a fantasy space. Our bodies have been pulled in, and the fantasy space is just a projection."
"These stars seem to be different from the stars in the universe," Luo Zheng murmured, looking at the countless stars.
He cultivated the Stellar Battle Body and watched the stars every night, so he was very familiar with the arrangement of the stars in the universe. Although he couldn't count all the stars in the universe, he was very sure that the stars in the universe weren't arranged like this.

Chapter 1143
Luo Zheng and Smog silently watched the scene in front of them. As the stars shrunk and appeared in front of them, it was a shocking sight.
But, the reason they had jumped down from the abyss was not to look at these stars …
At this time, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He reached out and grabbed his spirit beast bag, pulling out the puppet Refined Godchild.
After Refined Godchild was discovered by Luo Zheng, he forcefully stuffed it into the spirit beast bag. After being pulled out by Luo Zheng, Refined Godchild looked around in a daze.
"You, you … you broke into Old Monster Jade Qilin's mansion?" Refined Godchild asked.
Luo Zheng and Smog's eyes brightened. Luo Zheng also knew that this Refined Godchild was someone with a great background. But, he had been too busy rushing through the Samsara Abyss to bother with him.
Now that they had reached the bottom of the abyss, the best breakthrough point was naturally Refined Godchild …
"Wrong, wrong." Refined Godchild chuckled. "It should be said that the entire Samsara Abyss is Old Monster Jade Qilin's mansion! But, this galaxy was created by me with the help of Old Monster Jade Qilin. Every star in this galaxy is aligned with the stars in the galaxy, resonating with each other. This is the galaxy's star disk, and Old Monster Jade Qilin uses it to cultivate a transcendent divine might called the Star Plucking Art … "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Smog glanced at each other again.
As they saw the stars in the sky, they were puzzled. But, Refined Godchild's words deepened their doubts.
"Star Plucking Art? Transcendent divine might? "Smog asked, staring at Refined Godchild.
A transcendent divine might could only be created by an Empyrean. The number of Empyreans in the universe was constant. Smog might not have seen the supernatural powers of transcendent divine mights, but she had heard the names of cultivation methods before.
There was only one transcendent divine might that used the power of stars to cultivate. One was the incomplete Stellar Battle Body that Luo Zheng cultivated, and the other was the Dual Constellation Forest that a demon Empyrean cultivated. Besides this, she had never heard of a transcendent divine might that used stars to cultivate. This Star Plucking Art also sounded strange.
"I've never heard of such a transcendent divine might …" Qing Long's voice sounded out. Even the experienced and knowledgeable Qing Long hadn't heard of it.
At this time, Smog's eyes turned to the tumbling stars. She asked, "The universe is of the Heavenly Dao. Of the Heavenly Dao, what is it?"
The Heavenly dao had its own will, its own name!
Xun began to suspect the origin of this Primordial Heavenly Venerate.
There were of the same number of Empyreans, and of the same, of the same, there were 128 Empyreans of 128 Empyreans.
Every time an Empyrean appeared, an Empyrean had to fall. This was an ironclad rule that no one had been able to surpass.
Thus, many Great World Lords were able to make breakthroughs in their cultivation, but without an Empyrean position, they were unable to shoulder the Mandate of Heaven and become an Empyrean!
It was also because of this that since ancient times until now, any World Lord who was conferred the title of Empyrean would have historical records. 3.6 billion years ago, in the Great Yan Era, every Empyrean's name and surname were recorded in the records, including when the Empyrean fell and where the new Empyrean was born. There were no exceptions.
But this ancient Empyrean's origins had never been found. As for the Jade Qilin Old Monster that Refined Shenzi spoke of, he might have been referring to that ancient Empyrean. But, they had never heard of an Empyrean Jade Qilin that existed in the universe.
Hearing Smog's question, Refined Shenzi was even more puzzled. "The heavens are naturally the winning heavens. The stars of the heavens are connected together, forming a galaxy. Why do you ask?"
"Winning heavens!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows jumped.
Smog's eyes flashed. Though she had guessed it already, she was still slightly shocked to hear Refined Shenzi's answer.
Seeing Luo Zheng and Smog's reaction, Refined Shenzi wasn't an idiot. He knew that he had fallen into a deep slumber. Because of this puppet body he made for himself, it had an almost endless lifespan. That was why it could surpass the lifespan of those Empyrean Sovereigns …
Before, he was injected with Zhen Yuanyu by Luo Zheng. After awakening, Refined Shenzi deduced that he had been asleep for at least 300 million years based on the ancient treasure he made.
Now that he was inquiring about the name of the Heavenly Dao, he found it strange at first. Then, he was stunned. His metal head, which was originally spinning, froze there for a long time. He didn't speak …
After a while, Refined Shenzi spoke. "The Heavenly Dao … has changed?"
"It's the Heavenly Dao now." Smog answered.
The last Heavenly Dao, the Winning Heavenly Dao, had gone through an Evolution Era and finally collapsed.
Luo Zheng still had a fragment of the Heavenly Dao in his possession …
The end of a Heavenly Dao meant the end of an Evolution Era. With the destruction of all living beings and the fall of all stars, the next Heavenly Dao would be ushered in!
Refined Shenzi thought he'd been asleep for 300 million years, but in reality, he'd been asleep for an Evolution Era. Even he didn't think he'd spend such a long time in slumber …
"No wonder, no wonder … The treasures and weapons I made have all turned into a pile of scrap metal." Refined Shenzi slapped his metal head. "Even if the Heaven's Divination Essence within them had completely disappeared with the passage of time, it shouldn't have disappeared so completely! I was still wondering … The Heavenly Dao changed! Naturally, the Heaven's Divination Essence became useless! "
The Heaven's Divination Essence …
It was created when a refiner observed a trace of the Heaven's Divination Dao and sealed it into a weapon. In truth, it was a refiner's understanding of the Heavenly Dao.
After this Heavenly Dao changed, the Heaven's Divination Essence of the previous Heavenly Dao was completely useless. Therefore, when Refined Shenzi examined the ancient treasure, he didn't even notice a trace of the Heaven's Divination Essence.
"I didn't think Jade Qilin would have a way to bring an old man like me across an Evolution Era. Heh heh." Refined Shenzi smiled. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, his arrogant expression returned. "No wonder you juniors haven't heard of me. I'm the universe's number one refiner! Hahaha … "
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Before, he'd suspected this guy was bragging, but now it seemed that Refined Shenzi really was the strongest refiner in the previous Heavenly Dao!
This was good news for Luo Zheng. The refinery in his immortal abode was still empty. If Luo Zheng was lucky enough to open it, this puppet would be the perfect candidate. What kind of weapon could it refine?
He'd leave this question for later. Now, there was a more important question …
"So that Jade Qilin old monster was the Heavenly Master in the previous Heavenly Dao?" Luo Zheng asked.
Refined Shenzi nodded and walked toward the stars in the sky. He casually plucked a star, and all the stars in the Milky Way sped up. Soon, a path formed by stars extended from the Milky Way to the crowd.
"Back then, in order to have a long lifespan, I begged Jade Qilin Heavenly Master to find the rarest materials in the universe and help me refine this puppet body. The price was to stay in Jade Qilin's mansion and help him refine weapons for four hundred thousand years! This puppet body is driven by Zhen Yuanyu, and I can't absorb the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. Jade Qilin Heavenly Master would send me a large amount of Zhen Yuanyu every once in a while, but later, he disappeared without a trace … "
After losing Zhen Yuanyu, Refined Shenzi had been in a deep sleep. He didn't know what happened later.
"I helped Jade Qilin Heavenly Master to refine this Milky Way. He should have died long ago, but I don't know what he left behind. You … come with me," Refined Shenzi said faintly, with a hint of sadness in his voice.
After all, no matter who woke up from a dream that lasted for billions of years, it was normal for them to feel sad when they found that the world had changed and even the Heavenly Dao had been reincarnated.
Luo Zheng and Xun looked at each other, then followed Refined Shenzi and walked toward the slowly rotating "Milky Way" along the starlight …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1144
As they walked along the Avenue of Stars, the experience was very subtle.
Luo Zheng and Xun couldn't help but look at the stars around them …
There were countless stars in the sky, and he didn't know what method Divine Refinement God Child had used to copy the stars from the previous Heavenly Dao and condense them into an astrolabe of such a size …
Just like the stars Luo Zheng communicated with, these stars were very different in size and volume.
Some stars were dozens or even hundreds of times bigger than a person, but most stars were as small as grains of sand, very small.
"Eh …"
As Luo Zheng walked on the Avenue of Stars, he noticed a small blue star floating next to him. It was only the size of a fingernail, but it looked very beautiful, as if the entire surface of the planet was covered by an ocean. However, because it was too small, Luo Zheng couldn't see it clearly.
In addition to this small star, there was also a fireball many times bigger than this star floating next to it.
"Very beautiful!" Xun said lightly.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to reach out and grab the blue star, Refined Shenzi stopped him, "Don't be fooled by the number of stars in this astrolabe. However, each star is very important and is connected to the entire Milky Way. This star cannot be taken away! "
Hearing Refined Shenzi's words, Luo Zheng shrugged and let go of the small blue star, then continued to walk forward.
The Avenue of Stars didn't seem very far, but as they walked, they found that the distance was very far. At first, Refined Shenzi was leading the way, but his whole body was clattering, so it was natural for him to walk slowly …
After walking for half an hour, Luo Zheng found that the distance between them and the center of the Milky Way didn't decrease at all.
"How long will it take to walk like this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hehe, at this speed, it will take about two days and two nights to cross half of the astrolabe. When I made this astrolabe, it took me hundreds of years to complete every star …"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes, and without waiting for this guy to finish, he grabbed Refined Shenzi and started running on the Avenue of Stars …
Luo Zheng had to hurry up and walk slowly. Was there something wrong with his brain?
At this speed, in less than half an incense stick's time, Luo Zheng had crossed half of the Milky Way and arrived at the center of the Milky Way, where there was a huge ball of light, emitting scarlet dazzling light!
The size of this ball of light was about 10,000 feet in diameter. The stars that were like grains of sand around this ball of light were almost negligible!
"Is this the sun of the last Evolution Era?" Luo Zheng stared at the huge star and asked.
Among the stars, the Milky Way's's light, the sun's, the stars''s's, when it shines, the stars', the stars would dim, no star could outshine it!
Lian Shenzi nodded and fiddled with a star on the astrolabe again …
Then, the sun's eyes, a palace, a palace, a palace hidden hidden inside the Milky Way!
"Refined," Refined Refined Shenzi, This palace is the core of the Wheel of Reincarnation. Jade Qilin Old Monster has always been cultivating here. Maybe … he's still alive? "Refined Shenzi said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Xun's faces showed a hint of nervousness.
It was not good news for them if the Jade Qilin old monster was still alive. They did not know what method the Jade Qilin old monster had used to cross an Evolution Era. It should be known that the Great Extinction at the end of an Evolution Era was difficult for even a Celestial Venerate to overcome. Since such a thing had happened, it was not impossible that the Jade Qilin old monster was still alive.
"The Wheel of Reincarnation?" Xun asked after thinking for a while.
Refined Shenzi nodded lightly, "The Wheel of Reincarnation is a spatial artifact that I created. We're now in the Wheel of Reincarnation."
"The Wheel of Reincarnation, is that the Abyss of Reincarnation?" Luo Zheng asked.
Refined Shenzi smiled, "Yes!"
Xun and Luo Zheng finally understood that the underground palace was a spatial artifact. No wonder everything in the Space of Reincarnation was so strange.
When Luo Zheng followed Refined Shenzi into the sun, they saw an empty palace. There was no sign of Jade Qilin Old Monster or his body.
After all, too much time had passed. If Jade Qilin Old Monster really did pass away here, even a Celestial Master's body would've been reduced to dust!
Clang, clang, clang …
Refined Shenzi wandered around the empty palace and shook his head in disappointment, "Jade Qilin Old Monster, you entered the Six Paths of Reincarnation before me. Ai …"
Xun also wandered around the palace. Her interest was piqued by some runes in a corner of the palace, "These runes should be used to control the Wheel of Reincarnation?"
"Yes." Refined Shenzi nodded.
"Since the Wheel of Reincarnation is a spatial artifact, does that mean it can fly away?" Xun asked again.
Refined Shenzi smiled, "Nonsense. The Wheel of Reincarnation I made can do more than just fly away. You're underestimating the number one blacksmith in the universe!"
Xun's eyes lit up upon hearing this.
At this moment, Luo Zheng noticed a strange object floating in the air on a large dragon throne at the side of the palace.
It looked like a headband or a crown. It was made of neither gold nor iron. Its surface emitted a faint golden glow. Floating in the air, it attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
"What's this …" Luo Zheng asked curiously. He reached out his hand to take the crown.
Xun and Refined Shenzi were discussing how to control the Wheel of Reincarnation. Hearing Luo Zheng's voice, they both turned around. When they saw the crown, Xun's eyes flashed. But then she thought of something and said with a puzzled expression, "Luo Zheng! Don't touch that first … "
Refined Shenzi also said, "Strange, strange. Why is this thing still here?"
However, Xun was still a bit slow. When Luo Zheng's finger touched the crown, it suddenly shook!
At the same time, the Wheel of Heaven in the universe also began to shake!
Tens of thousands of Great Realms away, a sleeping Celestial Master suddenly opened his eyes. This Celestial Master cultivated a very special cultivation method. His cultivation method was to sleep!
Now that the Great Era had begun, many Celestial Masters were rushing to cultivate. This Celestial Master was no exception. However, when he woke up, he looked at the sky and the stars in the sky …
"Why is the Heavenly Dao shaking? Is there a new Celestial Master ascending the throne? " This Celestial Master was shocked. "But 128 Celestial Masters are all here. How can there be a 129th Celestial Master? This … is impossible! No one can forcibly ascend the throne! "
This Celestial Master wasn't the only one who was shocked. In fact, at this moment, all the Celestial Masters in the universe were looking at the sky. Every Celestial Master revealed a puzzled expression. What was happening in front of them was beyond their scope of understanding!
At the beginning of the Great Era, there were no Celestial Masters in the universe. Thus, there was no one to inherit the Heavenly Dao's Mandate of Heaven!
But as time passed, millions of years, tens of millions of years …
The universe, which had suffered a great extinction, began to give birth to thriving vitality. Various races were slowly born and evolved over the course of hundreds of millions of years under various fortuitous encounters …
Then, the various races began a competition!
The number of Celestial Masters that could inherit the Mandate of Heaven was limited. As the saying goes, the first to enter the pavilion is the king!
At this time, whoever could break through to the World Lord realm would be bestowed the title of Celestial Master and inherit the Mandate of Heaven!
In this Great Era, the human race was at the forefront. Thus, the human race had the most Celestial Masters. The total number of Celestial Masters in the three human factions was far from what the other Celestial Masters could compare.

Chapter 1145
The rules of the Heavenly Dao were ironclad laws that were nearly insurmountable.
After becoming an Empyrean and inheriting the destiny of the Heavenly Dao, one could use the laws of karma to create their own transcendent divine might and their lifespan would also be greatly extended.
However, the number of Empyreans was far too few. In the entire universe, there were 100,000 great worlds and each great world had its own World Lord. In addition, there were some World Lords that ruled over several or even dozens of great worlds. The number of World Lords might have surpassed 100,000!
But, there were only 128 Empyreans that could inherit the Mandate of Heaven …
Thus, whenever an Empyrean died, there would always be a life or death struggle occurring in the universe.
But this time, there was an exception.
For no apparent reason at all, another Empyrean position had appeared …
This extra Empyrean position was to forcefully inherit the Mandate of Heaven. This caused the Heavenly Dao to shake and even the rules of the Heavenly Dao to become chaotic.
At this time, all of the Empyreans had dignified expressions. They had never encountered such a situation since they were born. Just what would happen if another Empyrean position appeared? Why would another Empyrean position suddenly appear in the universe? What would happen to that extra Empyrean position …
After this matter occurred, it immediately attracted the attention of many great influences in the universe.
The shaking of the Heavenly Dao continued …
At the bottom of the Samsara Abyss, Xun had already arrived beside Luo Zheng. She looked at the trembling crown with a dignified expression.
"This is the Mandate Crown." Xun whispered to herself. "The Mandate Crown is only born when an Empyrean falls …"
In the past, Xun had once led the Demon Night Clan to participate in the struggle for the Mandate Crown. Because a beast race Empyrean had reached the end of his life and was unable to reverse the situation, he perished and the Mandate Crown appeared. Xun had gathered the many tribes of the Demon Night Clan and seized the Mandate Crown from the hands of several other races!
And the one that finally inherited the Mandate of Heaven and became an Empyrean was Empyrean Divine Arrow!
It was also because of this that Empyrean Divine Arrow had followed Xun from start to finish …
Hearing Xun's explanation, Luo Zheng revealed a strong interest. "Then, if I wear the Mandate Crown now, won't I be able to become an Empyrean?"
"No," Xun shook her head, "Those who bear the Mandate of Heaven have to go through the third Spirit Transformation and step into the Sector Lord realm before they can wear it. If their cultivation isn't enough, they won't be able to bear it!"
The so-called Three Transformations of the Divine Transformation Realm were the Divine Sea, Divine Extreme, and Divine Transformation Realms!
The Divine Sea realm was the opening of the Divine Sea. The Extreme Divine Realm was the birth of life within one's inner world. As for the Divine Transformation realm, it was the process of transforming one's soul into a divine being within one's inner world.
Of course, the Divine Transformation realm was not the true Divine Transformation realm. The so-called 'divinity' here was only relative to the millions of lives within one's inner world. After reaching the Divine Transformation realm, the more lives one had in their inner world, the stronger they would be, and the more powerful a Divine Transformation realm martial artist would be!
Only after passing through the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation Stage would one be bestowed with the title of Lord of a Realm. Only then would one have the right to bear the Mandate of Heaven …
Luo Zheng nodded. It seemed that the Crown of Heaven's Will was not a trivial thing. However, it was useless now. "Then, the Crown of Heaven's Will is useless now …"
"It's useless!" Refined Godchild was speechless. Although the Heavenly Dao had changed, the rules of bearing the Heaven's Will still hadn't changed. To any race or martial artist, the Crown of Heaven's Will was an extremely important existence. Yet, this brat actually said that it was useless!
Smog lightly smiled. "It is indeed useless now. But, once Luo Zheng completes the Three Transformations of the Divine Transformation in the future, it will be of great use. I'm just curious. If one of the 128 Empyreans is forcefully shoved in, I have no idea what will happen …"
Refined Godchild wasn't aware of Luo Zheng and Smog's current situation.
The Crown of Heaven's Will was something that everyone could compete for. But, it wasn't able to give Luo Zheng a fundamental increase in strength. Moreover, Yao had already begun to move. Perhaps even leaving the underground palace would be a problem. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to continue cultivating here until he broke through to the World Lord realm and began to bear the Heaven's Will, and then become an Empyrean. This was clearly unrealistic …
In comparison, figuring out how to leave the underground palace was a far more realistic matter.
However, what they didn't know was that the 128 Empyreans in the universe were crazily calculating the position of the Crown of Heaven's Will!
At the same time, outside the underground palace.
All the martial artists that entered the underground palace had already returned …
For these martial artists, exploring the underground palace this time could be considered a decent harvest. Besides the second cave, they had also obtained decent lucky chances in the third and fourth caves.
However, a considerable number of martial artists had also perished. Over half of the martial artists from the Demon Night Clan, the human race, and the demon race's Holy Lands had perished!
The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan had already received the news. She would follow Yao's orders and wait here. The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan never imagined that such a great event would occur during this trip to the underground palace!
It wasn't difficult for the Holy Lord to choose between two kings. Yao had already sent Mie, Sha, Jue, and Sha to the Asura Yin World. The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan might still have some reservations about Yao's orders, but as the Holy Lord of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land, she had to be responsible for the entire Holy Land. She was well aware of the consequences of disobeying Yao. Now that Yao was the leader of the Demon Night Clan, the consequences of disobeying Yao were obvious.
Now, all she needed to do was wait here and leave everything else to them. With her strength, killing Xun and Luo Zheng wouldn't be difficult. But if Xun resisted, it would be difficult for her to bear the crime of killing a king …
The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan stood outside the underground palace and watched the entire process through the martial artists of his clan. Naturally, he hated Luo Zheng to the bone. He didn't care what grudges Luo Zheng had with the Demon Night Clan, but he would never let Luo Zheng off.
As for the human Holy Lord, he was now in a dilemma. He knew that Luo Zheng was a martial artist of Cloud Mist Palace, but the current situation was beyond his control. He didn't know how to intervene …
At the bottom of the Abyss of Reincarnation.
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the palace. Under Refined Shenzi's guidance, he sat in the middle of the Divine Runes.
"To control the Wheel of Reincarnation, you need to fully comprehend the 3,600 Divine Runes. How much time you need will depend on your comprehension …" Refined Shenzi's voice sounded from the side of the palace.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and memorized the Divine Runes. At the same time, he tried to activate them.
Just like Refined Shenzi said, the Wheel of Reincarnation was a huge spatial treasure. If he could control it, he could use it to leave this place.
The 3,600 Divine Runes were inherited from the previous Evolution Era. They were extremely unfamiliar to Luo Zheng, and it would be difficult for him to grasp them. He could only make the best use of his time.
Two hours later, the Divine Runes around Luo Zheng gradually lit up …
But at this moment, only a hundred Divine Runes had lit up. At this speed, it would take him around thirty-two hours to light up all the Divine Runes.
However, as Luo Zheng became more familiar with the patterns of the Divine Runes, the speed of lighting became faster and faster.
Four hours later, he had lit up close to three hundred Divine Runes.
Six hours later, he had lit up more than a thousand Divine Runes.
Eight hours later, all the Divine Inscriptions started to glow. At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes abruptly snapped open.
"Is it done?" Xun asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. Then, he spread his hands in the air.
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the entire underground palace began to tremble.
At the entrance of the underground palace, all the warriors' faces changed. They didn't know what was happening inside the underground palace, but the space outside the palace began to collapse.
"The underground palace seems to be moving!"
"How is that possible? The Abyss of Reincarnation can move?"
"Who knows what's going on!"
Seeing this, the three Saint Lords had different expressions on their faces. They stared blankly at what was happening in front of them.
The Wheel of Reincarnation was a spatial treasure. Under Luo Zheng's control, it began to climb up rapidly.

Chapter 1146
The moment the Wheel of Reincarnation came out of the ground, the three sacred lords appeared above Zeji City at the same time!
Looking at the Wheel of Reincarnation, the three sacred lords frowned …
The Asura Yin World's martial artists had speculated many times about the origin of this underground palace. Some even guessed that this palace was a space treasure.
When they really saw such a huge magic treasure, they were still very shocked.
However, the three sacred lords came from different factions, so they all had different thoughts!
The Holy Lord of the Eventide clan naturally wouldn't allow Xun to leave this place. She naturally had to stop him with all her might. Although she was a little hesitant, she knew that she had no other choice. If she let Xun go, her entire Purple Bamboo Holy Land would be implicated!
However, before she could do anything, the demon race's sacred lord's eyes flashed and he sneered, "Demonic Great Palm!"
Although the sacred lord of a tenth rank sacred land wasn't a sector lord, he had the cultivation of a sector lord. Just how strong was he?
When the demon race's sacred lord attacked, the heaven and earth origin energy above Zeji City began to become chaotic. It formed a huge palm in the sky that wasn't much smaller than the Wheel of Reincarnation!
In the depths of the Wheel of Reincarnation, the palace around Luo Zheng had completely disappeared. Only he and the three thousand six hundred godly runes remained!
Standing here, Luo Zheng could see everything that was happening outside. Seeing the huge palm form, his eyes flashed with a trace of seriousness.
It would be best if he could use the Wheel of Reincarnation to leave this place. If the Wheel of Reincarnation was destroyed, he could only use the Gen token to return to the immortal estate. However, that was Luo Zheng's last path of retreat. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he wouldn't take that step!
That large handprint contained the power to annihilate all things. This was the strongest attack that Luo Zheng had ever seen!
Even if Luo Zheng had a divine artifact body, he would probably vanish under this palm. Although Lian Shenzi was very confident in the Wheel of Reincarnation, Luo Zheng and Xun's expressions were very serious at this moment.
Rumble ….
The giant palm imprint slammed into the Plate of Reincarnation, and the entire Plate of Reincarnation trembled and sank down several feet!
Luo Zheng's feet were firmly rooted to the ground. His hands moved like shuttles as he controlled the divine runes, doing his best to stabilize the Wheel of Samsara's height.
"Hehe … Even though he's a sector lord, he's still not strong enough to break my Rebirth Plate!" Lian Shenzi sneered.
The Holy Master of the Demon Race had a cautious look in his eyes. He had used 70% of his strength to execute the Great Demonic Palm Imprint. However, he hadn't been able to destroy the Samsara Plate. This was clearly beyond his expectations.
As for the Holy Lord of the Night Demon Clan, she seemed to be thinking about something. She let out a long sigh, flipped her hands, and a huge bow that was dozens of feet long appeared beside her. Her figure flickered as she grabbed the bowstring and retreated …
Buzz!
As she released the bowstring, an invisible arrow suddenly shot out from the bow, shooting toward the Wheel of Reincarnation!
Dong!
The Wheel of Reincarnation was struck by the invisible arrow. Even with a loud bang, the Wheel of Reincarnation remained firm and unshakeable.
Seeing this, the Holy Lord of the Night Demon Clan revealed a look of relief. She didn't want to attack Xun, but if she wasn't strong enough to break the Wheel of Reincarnation, then it wouldn't be her responsibility.
In her heart, she hoped that Xun would leave as soon as possible …
The image of the three kings was deeply ingrained in the hearts of the Night Demon Clan members. Even though Xun had been gone for many years, Xun's statue couldn't be replaced. As long as she didn't die, she would be the king of the Night Demon Clan!
The two Holy Lords had both attacked …
As for the human Holy Lord, he had no reason to attack. Luo Zheng was, after all, a member of the Alliance. He should stand by Luo Zheng's side. However, Luo Zheng was involved in the internal strife of the Night Demon Clan, and he didn't want to get involved.
If he got involved, then the Alliance and the Night Demon Clan would become enemies. The human Sacred Land in the Sifting Yin World would probably have to move.
In this kind of situation, everyone was selfish. He had no choice but to think for himself.
The demon Holy Lord was still unwilling to give up. The stronger the Wheel of Reincarnation was, the more interested he was. A spatial treasure like this was a priceless treasure to any Sacred Land. It was extremely important!
Rumble, rumble …
Huge palm prints covered the Wheel of Reincarnation. The entire Wheel of Reincarnation was shaking, but it was only limited to shaking. The demon Holy Lord was unable to break the Wheel of Reincarnation.
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He didn't expect the Wheel of Reincarnation to be so sturdy that it could withstand the attacks of a Realm Lord.
However, in the next moment, that smile disappeared from his face. He saw Mu Mingxue.
The demon Holy Lord stopped attacking, but the white clothed Mu Mingxue floated in the air and slowly approached the demon Holy Lord.
Mu Mingxue's body was bound by grey chains. Her body was slanted, and her hair was drooping. She seemed to be unconscious.
"You're Luo Zheng, right?"
A huge roar resounded through the sky. It was like a bolt of lightning that entered the Wheel of Reincarnation.
"I'm not interested in your life. That's a matter between you and the Night Demon Clan! Hand over the Wheel of Reincarnation and that puppet! I can let you go! "
As the demon Holy Lord spoke, he used his huge hand to grab Mu Mingxue. Mu Mingxue's petite body was like a doll in the demon Holy Lord's hand. He only needed to use a little bit of strength, and Mu Mingxue would die.
When he saw this, Luo Zheng's expression instantly darkened. If he handed over the Wheel of Reincarnation, he would die just like Xun. The Night Demon Clan wouldn't let them go.
Xun's eyes flashed, and a faint 'Chuan' character appeared on her forehead. In her heart, sacrificing Mu Mingxue was something she didn't need to consider. After all, she was just an Ascender from the human race. She wasn't important at all. However, she knew Luo Zheng's personality. Perhaps Mu Mingxue was an insignificant person, but Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't sacrifice her. Although he was different from everyone else, he had never let his guard down.
As expected …
After Luo Zheng activated a divine imprint, his voice rang out from the Wheel of Reincarnation. "What if I don't hand over the Wheel of Reincarnation?"
When he heard Luo Zheng's reply, the Demon Clan's Holy Master smiled widely. Two small black snakes appeared from his sleeves. The snakes slithered along his wrist to Mu Mingxue's body and coiled around her.
The Demon Clan's Holy Master was afraid that his threat wouldn't work. Apart from Mu Mingxue's good looks, no matter how one looked at it, she wasn't worth sacrificing the Wheel of Reincarnation.
"If you don't hand over the Wheel of Reincarnation, the consequences are simple. Hehe." After the Demon Clan's Holy Master finished speaking, the two small snakes coiled around Mu Mingxue's white neck and flicked their tongues. "These Tie Li Snakes can make human females suffer a fate worse than death …"
Luo Zheng's expression darkened as he stared at Mu Mingxue. After pondering for a moment, a cold smile appeared on his face. He suddenly said, "I understand. However, you seem to be the Holy Master of a tenth rank Holy Land?"
"So?" The Demon Clan's Holy Master coldly snorted.
"I don't know if this tenth rank Holy Land is important to you? I remember that the tenth rank Holy Land of the Demon Clan in the Asura Yin World should be in the north. I don't know if you'll feel heartache if I raze this tenth rank Holy Land to the ground! "
"You dare!" Hearing this, the Demon Clan's Holy Master's expression changed.
However, Luo Zheng waved his hand and activated over a hundred divine runes. The Wheel of Reincarnation slowly rotated and shot towards the north!
The Wheel of Reincarnation was a spatial treasure used by Heavenly Sovereigns. Its speed was extremely fast. Relying on the Wheel of Reincarnation, Luo Zheng could block the Holy Master's attack, but he couldn't counterattack. Among the 3,600 divine runes, there was no such ability.
However, with the Wheel of Reincarnation's enormous size and immovable shell, it could rampage through the Demon Clan's Holy Land …
"Boom!"
The Demon Clan's Holy Master caught up from behind and slammed his palm on the Wheel of Reincarnation again. He wanted to stop Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1147
The power of the Demon Race's Holy Master's palm was terrifying, but it couldn't stop the Wheel of Samsara in the slightest!
"If you don't stop, I will kill this human woman right now!" At the same time, the Demon Race's Holy Master spoke again.
Luo Zheng coldly snorted, "If you dare to kill her, I will raze your Holy Land to the ground!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all!
Under his control, the Wheel of Samsara sped up even more. As the massive Wheel of Samsara flew through the air, it stirred up violent tornadoes and madly rushed around!
The speed of the Wheel of Samsara was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
Flying through a great world was originally an extremely long process. In order to save time, most cultivators would choose to use the great world passageway!
There was a considerable distance between the Asura Yin World and the Demon Race's Holy Land. Even a Divine Sea Realm cultivator would need a considerable amount of time if they didn't use the great world passageway.
However, under the Demon Race's Holy Master's pursuit, in less than two hours, Luo Zheng saw some exaggerated black buildings. It was a large city of the Demon Race! He had already arrived at the Demon Race's territory …
Without any hesitation, he controlled the Wheel of Samsara to crash downwards!
"Rumble …"
The massive Wheel of Samsara crashed downwards, plowing a hundred-mile-long and several-mile-wide ravine in the Demon Race's city!
Looking down from the sky, a huge scar had appeared on the Demon Race's great city in an instant. As for the Demon Race, who knew how many of them had died ….
Seeing this scene, the Demon Race's Holy Master's eyelids couldn't help but twitch.
This guy …
The Demon Race's large city in front of him was only a border city. Even if it was destroyed, the Demon Race's Holy Master wouldn't feel any heartache. However, if he allowed this guy to continue causing trouble, once he reached the core of the Demon Race's Holy Land, he was afraid that his countless years of accumulation would be destroyed in an instant!
"Rumble …"
The Wheel of Samsara continued to rampage through the city. Everywhere it passed, it brought about a devastating disaster!
All of the Demon Race martial artists in the city flew up into the air, staring at this behemoth in shock and anger. In front of the Wheel of Samsara, these burly Demon Race martial artists were as small as mosquitoes. They didn't know why they would suffer such a calamity.
Some Demon race martial artists even tried to counterattack. But, even a Saint Lord couldn't shake the Wheel of Samsara. The attacks of those Life and Death and Divine Sea realm martial artists were like tickles to the Wheel of Samsara. They couldn't even leave a mark on it!
The Wheel of Reincarnation continued to crush the entire city. After swaying for ten rounds, it almost destroyed half of the city. Then, it slowly floated into the air.
"I'll give you a chance to regret it," Luo Zheng's cold voice came from the Plate of Samsara.
The Demon Race Saint Lord's face was very ugly. Using a human girl to threaten a Divine Sea realm junior was already a very shameful thing. If it weren't for the importance of the Wheel of Samsara, how could he, a Saint Lord of a tenth grade Holy Land, do such a thing?
But now, he was being threatened by Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng didn't give the Demon Race Saint Lord any time to think. In fact, Luo Zheng had a considerable psychological advantage. He knew that if he showed his fear, he would only kill Mu Mingxue.
"Whoosh …"
The huge Wheel of Samsara suddenly moved forward, continuing to advance into the depths of the Demon Race's Holy Land!
In the Demon Race city, which was mostly destroyed by Luo Zheng, countless Demon race martial artists floated in the air. They looked at the Wheel of Samsara and the burly figure in the sky. Some of them recognized the identity of the Demon Race's Saint Lord!
"It's our Saint Lord!"
"Why didn't the Saint Lord stop that big plate!"
"Woo woo woo, my home is destroyed …"
Hearing the wails of the Demon race martial artists below, the Demon Race martial artist was also upset. At this moment, his face was full of unwillingness. He didn't want to let Luo Zheng go. The temptation of the Wheel of Samsara was big enough for him. Not to mention, the secrets of the Wheel of Samsara were definitely more than that!
But what could he do if he didn't let Luo Zheng go?
Only this human woman in his possession could threaten Luo Zheng. But now it seemed like his threat was of no use at all, and he'd even lost a city instead. Under the crushing pressure of the Wheel of Samsara, countless Devil Race cultivators in the city had been killed or injured!
This kid seemed to be a decisive guy. If he continued to hesitate, then the Holy Land's losses would be more than that. The number of Demon race martial artists killed or injured would increase by ten times, or even a hundred times!
In the end, the Demon Race Saint Lord clenched his teeth and took a step forward. The Law of Space around him flashed. He crossed the space and arrived in front of the Wheel of Samsara.
"Stop!"
The Demon Race Saint Lord grabbed Mu Mingxue and stood in front of the Wheel of Samsara.
The Wheel of Samsara suddenly slowed down in its flight and finally stopped a few dozen feet away from Mu Mingxue.
"Have you thought it through?" Luo Zheng asked coldly. "Let Mu Mingxue go and we'll pretend this never happened!"
Never happened …
The Demon Race Saint Lord's heart was filled with anger. His city had been destroyed. How could Luo Zheng say something like that?
But he already knew that there was no room for negotiation with Luo Zheng. In the end, a trace of helplessness appeared on his face. He loosened his grip on Mu Mingxue and the black chains on her body dissipated.
With his other hand, he gently tapped Mu Mingxue's forehead. A black ray of light shot out from Mu Mingxue's forehead. At that moment, Mu Mingxue slowly woke up.
The moment Mu Mingxue used the Divine Rune of Return to leave the Abyss of Samsara, she lost consciousness. She had no idea what happened after that. So when she saw that she was in the Demon Race Saint Lord's hands, her eyes widened. She had no idea what was going on.
"Let her go!"
At that moment, Luo Zheng's voice sounded.
"Luo Zheng!"
Mu Mingxue suddenly turned around and saw a dazzling golden behemoth. Her face revealed a look of surprise. What exactly was this huge disc? Why did Luo Zheng's voice come from it?
The Demon Race Saint Lord clenched his teeth and loosened his grip. Mu Mingxue shook her shoulders. Her heart was filled with a hundred thousand whys … Why would the Demon Race Saint Lord listen to Luo Zheng?
But since she had regained her freedom, how could Mu Mingxue be willing to stay? With a light kick of her legs, she left the Demon Race Saint Lord's hand and floated towards the Plate of Samsara.
"Luo Zheng?" Mu Mingxue shouted with a face full of surprise.
"Come over here, below!" Luo Zheng said.
When the Plate of Samsara was hidden deep underground, there was only one entrance. Moreover, it was an entrance that Heavenly Venerate Yu Lin had meticulously arranged.
However, after Luo Zheng gained control of the Wheel of Reincarnation, he sealed the entrance. Through the divine runes, Luo Zheng discovered that there were many entrances to the Wheel of Reincarnation. One of them was at the bottom of the Wheel of Reincarnation!
The Demon Race Saint Lord stood to the side, silent …
Luo Zheng said, "You, get the hell away from me!"
Hearing this, the Demon Race Saint Lord's face suddenly flashed with a fierce light. He was a dignified Saint Lord. How could he endure being scolded by a junior like this?
"Brat …" The Demon Race Saint Lord clenched his teeth and said.
"I don't want to talk nonsense with you. If you don't want your tenth rank Saint Land to be destroyed, then get the hell away from me!" Luo Zheng's voice came from the Plate of Samsara again. His tone was unquestionable.
The Demon Race Saint Lord let out a long sigh. In the end, he could only leave this place …
In fact, the Demon Race Saint Lord originally had a plan. If the human woman wanted to enter the Plate of Samsara, Luo Zheng would definitely open an entrance. He could take advantage of this opportunity to cross space and enter the Plate of Samsara.
But this chance wasn't great. Moreover, with this brat's vengeful personality, if he failed, his tenth rank Saint Land would really be destroyed.
After thinking it over, he chose to retreat.
This was because he didn't know that the Plate of Samsara contained a Crown of Heaven's Will.
The Crown of Heaven's Will caused the Heavenly Dao to tremble. Only the 128 Heavenly Venerates could sense it.

Chapter 1148
Mu Mingxue carefully walked through the empty world.
The background of the palace had completely disappeared. She felt that she was walking on the floor, but the ground below her was transparent. She could clearly see the mountains and rivers below. This feeling was very strange …
"Luo Zheng, where is this?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
"The Wheel of Samsara." Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue's face revealed a trace of depression. This answer was equivalent to not answering. Where did this huge space magic treasure come from?
Seeing Mu Mingxue's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and briefly explained what happened after Mu Mingxue left. After hearing this, Mu Mingxue suddenly understood.
"So this Abyss of Samsara is a huge space magic treasure." Mu Mingxue's face also revealed a look of surprise.
Space magic treasures weren't something rare. They existed in both the higher and lower realms. But to be able to block the full power attack of a Sector Lord, this was inconceivable …
Sector Lord, Lord of a Sector …
Amongst the trillions of living beings in the universe, Sector Lords were peak existences other than Empyreans!
She was actually forced by Luo Zheng to let her go. Mu Mingxue didn't know how to express her feelings.
Thinking about it, that demon Holy Lord used her to threaten Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng didn't abandon her and escape. Instead, he thought of a way to save her. She couldn't help but feel a trace of sweetness in her heart.
"Where do we go now?" After thinking, Mu Mingxue asked again.
"Now … let's leave this Asura World first. If we don't leave now, I'm afraid we won't be able to leave." Hearing Mu Mingxue's question, Luo Zheng's expression became serious again.
Although the Plate of Samsara was extremely sturdy and was able to block the attacks of the Saint Lord, there were simply too many experts in the universe. Although the Saint Lord was a Sector Lord, he wasn't the Lord of a Sector. A true Sector Lord would only be stronger than him!
Now that Xun's identity had been exposed, Na Yao's actions would definitely not be slow. She would definitely send people to hunt him down. World Overlords, Great World Overlords, and even Empyreans were possible!
The situation was still very grim. Now was definitely not the time to relax.
"Where do we go after leaving the Asura World?" Xun asked the same question.
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
A hint of hesitation appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he thought of this.
Return to the Alliance?
The Three Thousand Realms of the Alliance could accommodate him. Moreover, Luo Zheng had entered the Lingyan Pavilion of the Alliance and had many privileges in the Alliance.
But now that Luo Zheng and Xun's identities were exposed at the same time, would Yun Luo still protect him?
When it came to Xun, the Yao Night Clan definitely wouldn't compromise …
Perhaps Luo Zheng's talent was enough to attract the attention of the Alliance, but Luo Zheng was still only a Divine Ocean Realm junior. Would she make an enemy of the Yao Night Clan's King of Punishment for a Divine Ocean Realm junior?
One could imagine that Na Yao was willing to pay any price to kill Xun. If Luo Zheng returned to the Alliance, she definitely wouldn't let him go …
In the end, whether Yun Luo could protect Luo Zheng or not was definitely a big question mark. Because by then, the two races would have already involved negotiations between Empyreans!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng shook his head, "No, we won't return to the Alliance!"
"Then … where will we go?" Xun smiled.
"Let's go into hiding first," Luo Zheng replied. After hearing this question twice in a row, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
He didn't have much time to think about it now. The forces in the Upper Realm were tangled and complicated. It wasn't like the situation when Luo Zheng was in the Lower Realm. In this situation, it wasn't a life and death struggle. Instead, it was a situation where the races could kill each other, and at the same time, they could coexist peacefully in the Asura World …
Therefore, Luo Zheng had no choice but to reconsider his path.
From the beginning of his ascension, Luo Zheng's biggest goal was to find Luo Yan.
Even now, he didn't relax at all towards this goal. However, Luo Zheng still had no clue where Luo Yan was.
If Luo Yan wasn't in this world, where could she be? Could it be that Luo Yan had already surpassed the Heavenly Dao and this world …
As he controlled the huge Wheel of Reincarnation, he thought about his next step.
The Wheel of Reincarnation sped through the skies of the Asura World, passing by countless cities along the way.
Among them were cities of the Yao Night Clan, the Human Clan, and naturally, the Demon Clan. Every time it passed by a city, it attracted countless shocked gazes.
After several hours, the Wheel of Reincarnation had crossed almost half of the Asura World and arrived at one side of the Great Realm!
Even though the Great Realm Passageway was wide, it couldn't accommodate the huge Wheel of Reincarnation. If he wanted to cross the Great Realm, he would have to forcibly pass through it. However, since the Wheel of Reincarnation was a spatial treasure used by Celestial Venerables, this wasn't a problem for it. After Luo Zheng activated several divine runes, the Wheel of Reincarnation charged into the depths of space. As its surface flashed with a blazing white light, it began to shuttle through space.
However, just as the Wheel of Reincarnation entered the depths of space, a violent tremor transmitted over!
Rumble!
Under the violent tremor, Mu Mingxue almost lost her footing and fell to the ground.
Looking along the transparent wall, Luo Zheng's face was covered in a layer of frost, while Xun's expression became unsightly!
As for Lian Shenzi, this matter originally had nothing to do with him. However, ever since Luo Zheng activated the Wheel of Reincarnation, he hadn't rested at all. He found it strange. "You … You seem to have offended quite a few big shots!"
Four people appeared around the Wheel of Reincarnation. They were cultivators of the Yao Night Clan, and there were both men and women among them!
Luo Zheng couldn't see through their cultivations, but the sharp auras they exuded were even stronger than the Demon Clan's Saint Lord …
Xun's gaze was fixed on the four of them. Aside from the coldness in her eyes, there was also a trace of grief. She lowered her head and said indifferently, "It's Mie, Jue, Sha, and Sha … These four people used to follow me …"
As the King of Slaughter, Xun represented the strongest sword of the Yao Night Clan. Naturally, the cultivators by her side were the strongest as well.
The four of them were the most talented geniuses of the Yao Night Clan. They had followed Xun all the way until now!
A hundred thousand years ago, when Xun was exploring the Abyss of Reincarnation, the four of them had accompanied her. At that time, Mie, Jue, Sha, and Sha were only at the Ultimate God Realm!
At that time, they were the younger generation of the Yao Night Clan. However, at that time, Xun had already been bestowed the title of King, and they became her King's guards!
Mie had almost sacrificed his own life to protect Xun when she was exploring the Abyss of Reincarnation …
A hundred thousand years later, the four of them had become Realm Lords. Their status and strength were far greater than ordinary Realm Lords!
The four of them had a deep friendship with Xun, but now they were sent by Yao to kill her.
Actually, Yao had many experts by her side that she could use. Some of them might not be weaker than the four of them. However, Yao had sent them to kill Xun. She must have had enough confidence. At the same time, it was a blatant show off.
The people closest to you have chosen to betray you. What right do you have to fight me?
That was Yao's unspoken words. That was Yao's intention!
Hearing the sudden change in Xun's voice, Luo Zheng controlled the Wheel of Reincarnation to fly forward. He turned around and stared blankly at Xun. He didn't know how to comfort Xun …
"Rumble …"
At that moment, another violent tremor came.
One of them was a white-robed Fiend Night Clan warrior. He held a light green spear in his hand, and with a thrust of his spear, he almost flipped the Wheel of Samsara over!
"What a powerful stab!" Luo Zheng's eyes focused. He controlled the runes and finally stabilized the Wheel of Reincarnation.
At that moment, Xun said, "Let me talk to them."

Chapter 1149
"Mie …"
Xun's voice floated out from the Wheel of Samsara, echoing throughout the space.
Swoosh swoosh swoosh …
The spear in Mie's hand spun in a circle, then he knelt down on one knee, his eyes filled with a profound light.
"My King."
He was dressed in snow-white robes, and his long silver hair fluttered behind him. His handsome face was even more beautiful than a woman's.
Mie, Jue, Slaughter, and Slaughter were all women. Besides Mie, who was a man, the other three were all women.
Now that Mie knelt down, Jue, Slaughter, and Slaughter followed suit.
Within the Wheel of Samsara, Xun stared at the four in a daze, then asked, "Are you … all right?"
It was just a simple greeting, but the four trembled slightly, their thoughts drifting back to the past.
Seven hundred years ago, a strange phenomenon occurred in the universe. A crack appeared in the Heavenly Dao, and a corpse fell from it, landing on the Mysterious Purple Planet.
Rumor had it that it was the body of a True God …
The Upper Realm's clans heard the news, and they sent cultivators to the Mysterious Purple Planet to investigate the whereabouts of the corpse. Because this was no small matter, they sent Mie, Slaughter, and the other three to the Mysterious Purple Planet.
That day, Xun personally sent the four off in her own Locked Space Hall.
Although the journey to the Mysterious Purple Planet was a battle between the strongest cultivators of the various clans, Xun was very confident in the four of them. If the four of them worked together, they would not be defeated by anyone below the Heavenly Venerate level.
In the universe, Heavenly Venerates rarely fought, so this mission did not put too much pressure on the four of them.
However, not long after Mie, Slaughter, and the other three left, Xun, who was in the Locked Space Hall, felt a little uneasy. She had a bad premonition, but she did not know where it came from.
Normally, when she had this kind of feeling, Xun would ask the Heavenly Venerates of her clan to divine it. But this time, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate was still in seclusion, so she did not want to disturb him …
But at that moment, Xun heard the sound of chains swinging. Then, Yao appeared at the entrance of the Locked Space Hall, wearing the azure Vast Sky Armor and wielding the Sacred Lightning Chain Hammer.
The Vast Sky Armor and the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer were the two supreme artifacts of the clan. They were ranked in the top fifty of the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele. Xun immediately understood what it meant for a fully armed Yao to appear in front of her.
It was also at this moment that the Holy Slaughter Spear appeared in Xun's hand. At the same time, ripples appeared on Xun's Faith Pond. She began to draw out her Faith Pond so that she could quickly enter a combat state.
At her peak, with the Pond of Faith behind her and her Holy Spear, she could even kill a Celestial Venerable! After all, she was the most powerful sword of the Yao Night Clan!
However, the premonition in her heart was still very bad. Yao Yao didn't act immediately. She merely swung the Holy Lightning Chainhammer in her hand. Bolts of lightning were like little snakes that constantly revolved around the chainhammer. The bolts of lightning were only as thick as a finger, but they contained the ultimate profoundness of the eighth level of the Law of Lightning. At the same time, they also contained the fatal law of karma …
Only the warriors who had tried the Holy Thunder Chain Hammer knew what it felt like. However, all the warriors who had tried it were already dead.
Ten breaths of time …
The entire Spatial Lock Hall remained silent. Panic began to appear on Xun's face. Ever since she had been crowned King, there had never been a problem with her Faith Pond. But on this day, she discovered that she was unable to draw out the power of faith.
"You sealed the Faith Pond!"
"In the Yao Night Clan, this is a capital crime …"
"The Council of Elders will not let you off!"
Yao Yao didn't speak. She slowly walked towards Xun. Her spiked high heels emitted clear sounds as she stepped on the floor, echoing throughout the Spatial Lock Hall. Even though she had a meticulous plan, no one dared to bear the crime of killing a King. Thus, she could only do it herself.
"Why?" Xun coldly asked as she stared at Yao Yao. The Holy Spear's tip shimmered with a cold light, but after losing the power of faith, Xun's actions were better than nothing. It was impossible for her to be Yao Yao's match.
Hearing Xun's question, Yao Yao smiled. "Why? Let me think … because I hate you. It's that simple. "
…
Not long after, countless Holy Lands of the Yao Night Clan began to shake. All of the King statues began to dim.
Several hundred Great Worlds, over a thousand tenth rank Holy Lands, and many other influences of the Yao Night Clan began to dim. At the same time, they learned that their King had met with a calamity.
In the Yao Night Clan, this was a heaven-shaking, earth-shattering event. The change of King concerned the rise and fall of the Yao Night Clan, and Xun had only been in power for 100,000 years …
But soon, the Yao Night Clan members discovered that Xun didn't seem to have died. This was because the King statue continued to shimmer with a tenacious light. That light hadn't been extinguished, meaning that their King hadn't gone far.
The matter of the two Kings fighting was soon exposed. Or, it could be said that Yao Yao didn't plan on hiding it to begin with.
But, the Yao Night Clan was controlled by three Kings to begin with. The Council of Elders was the weaker party, and the Empyreans of the clan each had their own supporters. Xun's former subordinates were quickly wiped out!
By the time Miejue Sha and the others returned, it was already too late …
Seven hundred years had passed. When the four of them met with Xun again, they were enemies and not friends. When they heard Xun's concerned greeting, they couldn't help but feel pain in their hearts!
As Xun's former subordinates, as well as Xun's closest comrades, they had been betrayed and forced to live.
Miejue slowly stood up. Faced with Xun's greeting, a helpless smile appeared on his face that was even more beautiful than a woman's. The other three also had similar expressions … after Xun left, it was easy to imagine what their circumstances had been like.
"King, I'm sorry!" Miejue lowered his head and said. After he spoke, he deeply bowed once more.
Their friendship with Xun was so deep that even after seven hundred years, it still couldn't be erased.
But today, they were burdened with a heavy reason. If they hesitated too much, then everyone in the clan they were originally in would die, including their wives, children, fathers, daughters, and even the other clans in the clan. They would all be implicated!
"Hah …" Xun sighed. She naturally knew that since these four people were willing to hunt her down, they must have some unspeakable secret that she didn't know about!
Yao Yao was the King in charge of punishment, so Xun was well aware of her methods. It might be difficult for Miejue and the others to submit to Yao Yao, but it was hard to say if she used other methods …
At the same time, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and the Wheel of Reincarnation was activated again!
After Miejue bowed, the long spear in his hand emitted an invisible wave of energy!
Luo Zheng had seen this wave of energy several times before. Even when Xun released it with her weak Sword Spirit Body, its penetrative power was terrifying!
This was the supreme spear technique of the Yao Ye clan, the Invisible Spear Technique. It was also the spear technique that the King of Massacre specialized in. When Xun taught this spear technique to Miejue, it was also with the permission of the Elders.
With Miejue's cultivation, this spear technique was tens of thousands of times stronger than what Luo Zheng had seen before!
The invisible wave pierced through space and pierced the surface of the Wheel of Reincarnation, causing a loud explosion!
"Dong!"
The Wheel of Reincarnation didn't shatter, but there was an obvious dent on its surface!
At the same time, Miejue, Massacre, and Slaughter chased after the Wheel of Reincarnation from behind, constantly exerting a powerful force on the Wheel of Reincarnation.
"Rumble, rumble …"
Luo Zheng frowned and didn't say a word. He just focused on controlling the Wheel of Reincarnation to fly all the way through the vast universe. Miejue, Massacre, and the other three chased after him relentlessly. Their attacks were fiercer and fiercer than the previous one.
In the endless space of the universe, under the relentless pursuit, cracks began to appear on the surface of the Wheel of Reincarnation!
"Crack, crack …"
The Divine Runes around Luo Zheng exploded one by one!
"These guys are too strong. Even the Wheel of Reincarnation can't withstand such destruction!" Refined Shenzi smiled bitterly. "I don't think this Space Magic Treasure will be able to hold on for long!"
Mu Mingxue's face was filled with nervousness. She didn't even dare to breathe loudly. Her usefulness right now was negligible. She could only keep quiet to avoid causing trouble for Luo Zheng and the others.
"Let me out," Xun suddenly said.
"No." Luo Zheng immediately shook his head and refused. Now that Xun's soul had recovered by over 60%, her sword spirit body had also been greatly strengthened. With her current strength, she might be able to contend with a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse, or even a first level martial artist like Hall Master Shen. But, facing these existences that surpassed ordinary World Lords, Xun wouldn't be able to last a single round.
"The Faith Pond hasn't been sealed yet. I can block them for a while." After saying this, Xun activated several Divine Runes around Luo Zheng.
Then, holding the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear, she suddenly appeared outside the Wheel of Reincarnation. As soon as Xun left the Wheel of Reincarnation, the sharp spikes condensed from the power of faith unfurled, forming a giant wing. Xun lightly flicked her spear and blocked Annihilation's path.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1150
The moment Mie saw Kaoru, his eyes softened. He retracted his spear, which he had intended to stab her with, at that moment.
The four people who were attacking the Wheel of Reincarnation stopped at the same time.
Xun flapped her wings and stood behind the Wheel of Reincarnation. She looked at the four of them and asked, "Why … did you stop?"
The four of them were silent …
They'd been through a lot to chase Xun all the way here. The conflict in their hearts was like a sharp awl that had been nailed into their hearts.
During the pursuit, the four of them had been filled with conflict, but the enormous Wheel of Samsara had been a buffer in the end.
What would happen if they destroyed the Wheel of Reincarnation?
Would they really kill Xun?
The four members of Extermination and Slaughter exchanged glances with each other. Their eyes were filled with bitterness.
Xun understood the look in their eyes. She also understood their situation. She gently waved the spear in her hand and a faint smile appeared on her face. In this smile, there was a hint of unflinching in the face of death. "Who will do it!"
No one moved …
Although Xun could extract the power of faith, she wasn't strong enough to fight them in her current state.
With their strength, they could kill her in an instant.
However, the four of them were as stiff as statues. They followed behind the Wheel of Reincarnation, but none of them charged forward.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The Wheel of Reincarnation flew through the stars, but the two sides were in a strange stalemate.
Right at this moment, a bell-like laughter resounded in the universe once more. It was Yao's voice ….
"Hehe, if you're not going to attack, I'm going to! I haven't used the Eternal Night Punishment in a long time! "
The four of them's faces darkened when they heard Yao's voice.
The Eternal Night Punishment was one of the cruelest punishments in the Yao Night Clan!
If Xun used the Eternal Night Punishment, then their tribe would experience the most painful torture and die. This kind of punishment did not come from the physical pain. In fact, the Eternal Night Punishment was to extract the souls of their tribesmen and place them in the special Soul Torture Prison of the Yao Night Clan. There was almost no life and death in the Soul Torture Prison, only eternal torture!
Usually, only the most heinous traitors of the Yao Night Clan would be subjected to the Eternal Night Punishment.
But now, they were going to use it on their loved ones …
"I'll give you a hundred breaths to consider. After that, you won't have any regrets!" Yao's voice became extremely sweet, as if this was her most enjoyable moment.
When this sentence echoed through the universe, Mie rushed forward and went straight for Xun, who was standing at the end of the Wheel of Reincarnation!
Xun held her spear, and formless spear intent gathered. She used the same spear technique as Mie, but even with the power of faith, her spear's power. It wasn't even one-tenth of Mie's power!
However, she didn't retreat, and her face was expressionless!
Just as Mie rushed towards Smoky, he threw the spear in his hand to the side. His entire body crashed into the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear!
"Puchi!"
The tip of Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear pierced through Mie's chest and came out from his back. Under the great impact, his body slid down the spear to Smoky's side. Blood flowed down the spear and dripped onto Smoky's fair hand …
Xun panicked. She stared blankly at Mie's face, which was more beautiful than a woman's. She opened her mouth but didn't know what to say.
.. Whoosh!
In the blink of an eye, another figure dashed over as well. It was Jue's figure!
Seeing this, Kaori reflexively changed her target. She knew what Jue's goal was …
But at this moment, Mie held the spear in his chest tightly. He didn't allow Xun to escape from his powerful grip!
.. Whoosh …
Jue's body was also skewered by the spear.
. Whoosh … Whoosh …
The remaining "Sha" and "Sha" followed closely behind. At this moment, the four of them were filled with determination and did not hesitate in the slightest.
Miejue Sha and the other three were skewered by this nine feet nine inches long Ancient Blood Plum Spear.
Xun's mouth was slightly open. She stared blankly at Xun and Xun. She couldn't say a word.
At this moment, Mie let go of the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear's shaft with a dejected smile on his face. He looked up at Smoky and said with a hint of sadness, "My king … no, can I call you by your name?"
Xun nodded blankly.
"Smoke, I, I … Actually, I …" Mie's beautiful face was flushed red at this moment.
He stuttered for a long time, but he couldn't say it.
"Mie likes my Queen." Jue, who was standing behind Mie, spoke first.
Although the King of the Demon Night Clan was high and mighty, they weren't allowed to marry other clansmen. This was because the position of King couldn't be passed down. If a King fell, a new King would be selected from the Demon Night Clan. Only the purest ancient Demon Night Clan warrior could become the King of the Demon Night Clan.
Xun nodded blankly. "I understand …"
"Do you remember the Southern Sky Ferry? We had just broken through to the Life and Death Realm and were training there. I put something interesting there. My Queen, if you can go there and find it … May my Queen soar again! "
"May my Queen soar again!"
"May my Queen soar again!"
"May my Queen …"
When the four of them finished speaking, a soft muffled sound came from their bodies.
Their Inner Worlds were forcefully disintegrated …
At their level, their Inner Worlds were already very rich. There were millions of creatures inside, including Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors.
However, the disintegration of the inner world was just like the collapse of the Heavenly Dao in the universe and the extinction of all living things. These powerful warriors of the Life and Death Realm, Spirit Sea Realm, and all kinds of Ferocious Beasts died at the same time without any room to resist. This was the law of the inner world!
The moment their Inner Worlds disintegrated, Xun and Xun's bodies lost all signs of life.
Xun let go of the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear in her hand and took a few steps back in a daze. The four of them still maintained their standing posture. Their eyes were still wide open as they stared at her with a dazed smile …
A sense of helplessness rose in Xun's heart as she knelt on the ground with a plop.
Not long later, Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and Refined God heard a loud roar. It was like an enraged female leopard that had just lost its cubs.
Luo Zheng retreated from the messy runes. With no one chasing him, Luo Zheng let the Reincarnation Plate fly freely in the universe. At the same time, he opened an exit and arrived at the back of the Reincarnation Plate.
He saw Xun sitting alone on it. Beside her, there were four dead warriors standing under the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear.
Any one of these four had the power to sweep through the universe. They were even stronger than normal Great Sector Lords. Even their corpses emitted powerful auras.
Luo Zheng gently floated over and quietly stood behind Xun …
Xun was his sword spirit. He and Xun's minds were connected. Even though Luo Zheng stood behind Xun and couldn't see her devastated expression, he could feel the pain.
The four of them were facing a situation of certain death. They had already planned for it.
King killing, they weren't willing …
But going against Yao's will meant seeing their wives, families, and tribes fall into the Eternal Night Punishment. They weren't willing either.
In this conflict, they could only choose this method. Dying under Xun's spear … Only by committing suicide could they not be considered going against Yao's will.
"Xun, get up." Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Xun didn't move …
"Get up!"
Xun still didn't move.
At this moment, with a thought, Luo Zheng began to control his sword spirit. Xun floated up from the ground.
She was his sword spirit body, and Luo Zheng had been able to control it. However, when Xun's soul took over the sword spirit body, the sword spirit body was often controlled by Xun herself, as if it was her own body.

Chapter 1151
Xun stared blankly at Luo Zheng, as if she was a wooden puppet.
There was nothing more sorrowful than a dead heart. Even her thoughts had become dull …
Seeing Xun like this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of pity. With a thought, he manipulated her Sword Spirit Body and pulled her into his arms.
Xun lowered her hands and still didn't move.
They didn't die by your hands …
Yao was very happy to see this scene. Either the four of them die, or you die …
I'll definitely help you kill Yao, definitely!
Luo Zheng didn't say these words out loud. These thoughts were constantly circulating in his mind!
"Thank you," Xun suddenly said at this moment.
"What?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Xun's blank eyes regained a trace of color. She and Luo Zheng were connected. Under Luo Zheng's thoughts, she could feel the determination in Luo Zheng's heart!
"I won't compromise. That bitch, I'll kill her!" Xun said softly.
She was heartbroken because of the death of the four people, but Xun was a remnant soul who had reached this step. Her obsession wouldn't be broken so easily!
Seeing that Xun regained a trace of color, Luo Zheng's mouth curved up slightly. But he continued to ask, "Bitch? Who's that bitch? "
"Yao! I want to kill that bitch with my own hands! "Xun's voice became louder, and a trace of killing intent appeared in her eyes!
Luo Zheng continued to encourage her, "Louder!"
"I'll kill you, Yao!" Xun almost screamed. Her voice was originally very pleasant, but this scream was very high-pitched and full of emotion, like the roar of a young girl.
At this moment, the color in her eyes became more and more intense, and the killing intent became more and more intense.
Luo Zheng suddenly pointed. Facing the sky full of stars and the entire universe, he continued to say, "They can't hear you. They can't hear you. Louder!"
Xun wanted to continue to raise her voice, but Luo Zheng stretched out his finger and pressed it between her lips. With a faint smile, a Roaring Token appeared in his hand. Luo Zheng secretly activated the Roaring Token. "Now they can hear me …"
Xun's body tensed up. Her chest contracted slightly, and she roared at the Roaring Token.
Then, a high-pitched and full scream resounded in the entire universe. It was a declaration that resounded through the universe.
"Yao! I'll kill you! "
A violent scream suddenly exploded in the ears of the trillions of living beings in the universe. Many living beings were shocked, and even some ferocious beasts that had yet to develop intelligence became restless, causing a few small-scale beast tides to occur …
Not long after, Yao Yao's voice sounded again. "Hehe, kill me? Xun, do you think you can sit back and relax just because those four men of sacrifice sacrificed themselves for you? Since I'm willing to send Exterminator here, you can't even predict this kind of thing! Do you think you can escape? "
Xun's eyes were calm. She was about to use the Roaring Token again when Luo Zheng snatched the Roaring Token from Xun's hand.
"Bitch, do you still remember me?" Luo Zheng said to the Roaring Token with a faint smile.
"You? Hmph, the little ant beside Xun. Of course I remember you, "Yao replied.
"In the Lower Realm, you wanted to kill me several times. Do you still want to kill me now?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"Hmph, you're just an insignificant ant. It was only because you met a wisp of Xun's remnant soul that you had the opportunity to ascend to the God Realm. Now, Xun will die, and so will you," Yao said indifferently.
In fact, Luo Zheng's speed of improvement did make Yao feel a trace of danger. She had never seen Luo Zheng before, but as Xun said, Luo Zheng had the destiny of a great era. If he obtained a qualification in the Illusory Battlefield and became the favorite of this era, it would be a real threat to her!
"What if I don't die?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Before Yao could answer, Luo Zheng immediately activated the Roaring Token again. "Then you admit you're a bitch?"
"You!" In the beginning, Luo Zheng had called her a bitch. She was flustered and exasperated. However, as a ruler, she didn't care about what a junior called her. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to do it again!
However, Luo Zheng's Roaring Token was almost endless. Before Yao could say anything, Luo Zheng said, "I forgot. You don't need to admit this. You're a bitch, and you're the ruler of the Demon Night Clan. Together, you're the Bitch King!"
"Pfft!" Xun, who was standing at the side, suddenly laughed.
Mu Mingxue, who was in the Wheel of Samsara, couldn't help but cover her mouth and laugh. She already knew that Luo Zheng was using the Roaring Token. At the same time, she was also certain that the person who used the Roaring Token in the Lingwu Holy Land's mine was Luo Zheng!
That was the first time Luo Zheng had used the Roaring Token.
Mu Mingxue still remembered what Luo Zheng had asked her. At that time, he was looking for a woman called Luo Yan. She didn't know if he had found her or not …
Mu Mingxue and Xun weren't the only ones who were amused. Many warriors in the universe couldn't help but laugh when they heard this.
Yao Yao was the ruler of the Demon Night Clan, yet she was being mocked by Luo Zheng just like that. They didn't know where the Demon Night Clan's face went.
In fact, even the cultivators of the Daydream Clan couldn't help but laugh at the sight of this!
Yao Yao was the most respected ruler of the Demon Night Clan, and she was their totem of faith. However, there were also factions within the Demon Night Clan. The three rulers each had their own supporters. Moreover, there were a considerable number of people in the Demon Night Clan who didn't like the current King of Punishment. This was especially true for the group of old fellows led by the Elder Council.
After all, the rule of the three rulers was a rule that had been established since the Demon Night Clan was born. Now, the King of Life was in a state of silence. Yao Yao was going to kill Xun. If Yao Yao had her way, the Demon Night Clan would definitely be ruled by one ruler in the future. The old fellows in the Elder Council were already complaining in private, but they didn't dare say anything. However, these old fellows weren't easy to deal with. They were just waiting for an opportunity to retaliate.
Now that they heard a little human being humiliating Yao Yao, not only were they not angry, but they were also very happy. It was as if they had vented all the grievances they had accumulated over the years.
"Heh, this little guy is quite bold!"
"But Yao Yao has already locked onto Xun. This little guy will probably die sooner or later. I wonder where he got his courage from."
"Don't underestimate anyone. Those who are bold aren't necessarily reckless. Perhaps he really does have some backing …"
"Speaking of which, this little guy's voice is exactly the same as the voice of that mysterious youth who cursed Empyrean Spirit Fire and Empyrean Still Water over a year ago. Then, his Roar Command …"
If Mu Mingxue could think of this, how could these powerhouses not?
Over a year ago, a mysterious youth had jumped out. The Roar Command in his hand seemed to be free. Not only did he curse at Empyrean Spirit Fire, he even used it to count numbers … and then chatted with that mysterious young girl.
That mysterious young girl was one thing. After all these years, no one had been able to discover her origins. Then, over a year later, that mysterious young girl fell into a deep trance and that mysterious youth seemed to have disappeared.
Afterwards, Xun's voice suddenly resounded through the world. Then, not long after, the voice of that mysterious youth was heard once more.
No matter how stupid one was, they would be able to deduce that the mysterious youth was the one speaking now. Xun's Roar Command should also have come from this mysterious youth!
"Hey, human brat, where did you get so many Roar Commands in your hand?" Sure enough, at this time, an Empyrean used the Roar Command to ask Luo Zheng this question.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid in the slightest. He had already provoked Yao, so he wasn't afraid of provoking another Empyrean. "Is it any of your business?"
The Empyrean was somewhat annoyed by Luo Zheng's words. "Brat, do you know who you're talking to?"
"Empyrean, right? So what?" Luo Zheng replied.
"Since you know, aren't you afraid of dying? I can find you through the Fiend Night Clan. "The Empyrean sneered.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng activated the Roar Command once more. This time, he laughed arrogantly. "Hahaha … since I can withstand the pursuit of the Fiend Night Clan's King of Punishment, one more Empyrean isn't much of a problem. Why should I be afraid?"
His words were truly arrogant to the extreme. Xun reached out and covered the Roar Command. She smiled and shook her head. "Alright, I'm fine …"

Chapter 1152
It was very dangerous to expose one's identity in the Upper Realms.
A roaring command that could be used infinitely was enough to cause many Empyreans to fight over it.
However, Luo Zheng had still spoken without hesitation. This meant that Luo Zheng was ready to throw caution to the wind.
Xun understood that Luo Zheng still had that immortal mansion to rely on. However, not only was Luo Zheng being targeted by Yao, but he was also being targeted by many Empyreans.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could contend against a Divine Transformation Realm expert, but what about a Divine Transformation Realm expert? A Realm Master? Not to mention an Empyrean!
In this way, Luo Zheng had completely sealed off his path of retreat. He was too impulsive.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to care in the slightest. It was as if as long as he could control his emotions, he could control everything.
At that moment, Luo Zheng looked at the corpses of the four Empyreans and asked, "How should we deal with them?"
Xun sighed softly, then said, "Preserve their corpses for now. If I can return to the Fiend Night Clan one day, I will bury them in the Fiend Night Clan's King Tomb."
Being buried in the Fiend Night Clan's King Tomb was the highest honor a deceased Fiend Night Clan cultivator could receive. Apart from the King Tomb, only cultivators who had made special contributions to the Fiend Night Clan were qualified to be buried there.
Although Xun couldn't bury them in the Fiend Night Clan's King Tomb now, that didn't mean she couldn't do it in the future.
The corpses of Realm Masters wouldn't rot even after ten thousand years, so storing them wasn't difficult. Luo Zheng followed Xun's instructions and carefully stored the corpses away.
Xun floated at the tail of the Wheel of Samsara, then stopped in front of a spear.
Before Annihilation committed suicide, he'd thrown his spear out. Now, it was stuck in a crack on the Wheel of Samsara's surface.
"This is the Northstar Spear. It was forged from the Northstar Heavenly Crystal. Back then, I gave it to Annihilation. He's still using it …" Xun said softly.
The Northstar Spear was only a grade one divine artifact. Although it was on the Myriad Spirit Stele's list, its ranking wasn't reliable. It was only around the seven thousandth place.
With Annihilation's ability, he could have gotten a supreme artifact, but he insisted on using this spear …
She reached out and pulled out the North Star Spear. Her slender fingers gently stroked the spear shaft. Not long after, a smile appeared on her face. She turned around and placed the spear into Luo Zheng's spatial ring.
The Wheel of Samsara was still flying into the deep space …
The 100,000 worlds in the universe all saw the same deep space, but from different angles, the arrangement of the stars was also slightly different.
After returning to the hall of the Wheel of Reincarnation, Xun said, "Let's head north …"
"North?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Xun nodded slightly. "Yes!"
Before he left, Mie had left behind a message. He had mentioned the Southern Sky Ferry.
It had been a very long time since Xun and the four of them had trained at the Southern Sky Ferry.
At that time, Mie's cultivation level was not high enough. However, he said that when his cultivation level increased, he would abandon all disputes and travel the entire universe.
"Where do you want to go the most?" Xun asked at that time.
Mie thought for a moment, then pointed to the sky. He pointed to the most dazzling star in the Southern Sky Ferry. "The Northern Twilight Star."
Mie had said more than once that when Ao Xiang left the universe, the first place he would go to was the Northern Twilight Star.
The Southern Sky Ferry was located in the depths of the Demon Night Clan's hundreds of worlds. When Mie mentioned the Southern Sky Ferry, he naturally didn't want Xun to go there. His only target was the Northern Twilight Star.
Under Yao's surveillance, Mie had given her a hint.
Therefore, without any hesitation, Xun turned the Wheel of Samsara around and headed straight for the Northern Twilight Star.
Although Mie had died and they had survived Yao's first wave of attack, Luo Zheng and Xun did not feel relaxed at all.
With Yao's personality, she would never let them go so easily. There would definitely be more powerful pursuers coming after them!
In the face of the next wave of attacks that could come at any time, Luo Zheng had to make all the necessary preparations in advance.
He controlled the Wheel of Samsara and let Mu Mingxue enter the Abyss of Samsara again. She entered the third and fourth caves and took all the treasures left behind by the Celestial Master.
In the third cave, there were defensive treasures left behind. In the fourth cave, there were all kinds of rare materials used for refining weapons. A considerable portion of these materials came from the previous Evolution Era. Many of them had disappeared during this Evolution Era, but in the eyes of Refined Shenzi, they were extremely important.
After finishing all the preparations, the Gen Token appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
In a sense, the Gen Token wasn't a teleportation item. It didn't simply teleport Luo Zheng away. In a sense, it was the Immortal Mansion itself, or it could be said that it was a projection of the Gen Token.
"Hiss —"
As Luo Zheng poured a trace of his True Yuan into the Gen Token, the Gen Token emitted a faint glow. The entire token was like a piece of melted wax as it began to twist and transform! In the end, it transformed into a mini Immortal Mansion the size of a palm!
Xun had seen Luo Zheng use the Gen Token before, so she didn't find it strange. However, Mu Mingxue and Refined Shenzi were very curious at this moment.
Especially Refined Shenzi. As the most powerful weapon refiner in the universe in the previous Evolution Era, he definitely wasn't just good at making weapons. Luo Zheng's token that could change shape shocked him.
"What … is this thing?!"
Refined Shenzi couldn't tell what the token was made of. In addition to the very special Law of Space, it seemed to contain many kinds of Karma Laws that he had never heard of before!
Although the Karma Law contained in each wheel of the Heavenly Dao was different, they were generally similar. Even if it was a Supreme Divine Artifact under the Heavens, he would definitely be able to see through it!
However, this tiny mini Immortal Abode was clearly beyond his knowledge.
Luo Zheng gently tossed the Immortal Mansion to the ground, and it began to expand rapidly.
In the end, it grew from the palm-sized Immortal Mansion to eighty feet long and eighty feet wide. Compared to Luo Zheng's size, the Immortal Mansion was still very small. For example, the walls of the Immortal Mansion only reached Luo Zheng's chest. It was like a miniature version of a man-made scenic spot.
However, it was enough for Luo Zheng and the others to enter.
"Let's go in," Luo Zheng said, then stepped through the "small door" of the Immortal Mansion. In an instant, he disappeared from the entrance of the Immortal Mansion.
At the same time, Refined Shenzi, Mu Mingxue, and Xun also entered.
The moment they entered, the surrounding scenery changed dramatically. The originally small Immortal Mansion became incomparably tall, and the towering walls were at least a hundred feet high.
Mu Mingxue looked around curiously. This Immortal Mansion was indeed very new to her. She really couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng came from. How could a Divine Sea Realm warrior own such an Immortal Mansion?
"This … this Immortal Mansion …" Refined Shenzi was dumbfounded.
Mu Mingxue was just curious. She knew this Immortal Mansion was no small matter, but with Mu Mingxue's eyesight, she couldn't see anything special about it.
But Refined Shenzi was different …
When his eyes focused on the walls of the Immortal Mansion, the two lights on the puppet's head began to flicker.
"Oh my God!"
"Clang, clang, clang …"
Refined Shenzi took a step forward. It was hard to imagine that this old puppet's body could be so fast!
Immediately after, he pounced on the wall, stretched out his claws, and lightly drew a line on the green bricks on the wall.
The blue brick wasn't very sturdy. After being scratched by his metallic claws, a shallow dent was left. But after a moment, the dent actually wriggled and returned to normal.
"This, this is … the blue brick made from Radiant Sand!" Refined Shenzi's voice was extremely excited. He took two steps back and looked at the wall. Then, he said even more excitedly, "It's all … this wall, it's all made from Radiant Sand!"
Mu Mingxue asked curiously, "What is Radiant Sand?" In her eyes, this was just an ordinary blue brick.
"This is the highest quality material! This is impossible! Even if you empty the entire universe, you won't be able to gather this material. Ah … I'm going crazy! "Refined Shenzi seemed to be unable to control his emotions.
(I recommend a book to my friends, The Peerless Blood God ^ _ ^. You can search for it in the Book City.)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1153
Lianshenzi pounced on the brick like a madman, as if he'd seen his most beloved lover.
However, he didn't lie down for long before his gaze once again fell on the spacious plaza in the immortal abode …
"Clang, clang …"
He laid on the ground again and began to carefully examine the ten feet long and wide floor.
"No way …."
After pondering for a while, he let out a high-pitched scream.
Then, he carefully tapped the floor with his claws and shouted in disbelief, "This is the Emperor's Soul Rock, the real deal! I've only seen it once in my life, and it was only the size of a palm! "
Lianshenzi's life was extremely long, even longer than some Heavenly Sovereigns! As he said, the Emperor's Soul Rock was indeed an extremely rare existence.
However, the floor of the huge square in the immortal mansion was cut into pieces by the Emperor's Soul Rock. This sounded very exaggerated.
Looking at Lianshenzi's crazed appearance, Luo Zheng revealed a smile. This time, he brought a knowledgeable fellow with him.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that this immortal mansion was extraordinary, but with his eyesight, he didn't pay attention to the floor and walls. What's more, he didn't expect that the materials used to build this immortal mansion would be so rare, which really surprised Luo Zheng.
At this time, Afo appeared and greeted Luo Zheng with a smile, "Master, you're back."
Luo Zheng had three tokens and was the disciple of the first master of this immortal mansion, so he could be considered half the owner of this immortal mansion.
But before Luo Zheng could say anything, Lianshenzi charged at Afo again.
"Puppet!" Lianshenzi looked at Afo from head to toe, and even tapped Afo's leg and patted Afo's chest, "It really is a puppet! Heavens! There's actually someone in this world who can create such a perfect puppet …. "
Shenzi Shenzi was very proud of his craft!
Even though the puppet he'd created for himself was ugly, it contained extremely perfect Laws of Life. It was exactly because of this that his soul had been able to live until now without withering!
In Refined God Zi's opinion, apart from him, no one else in the universe could do this!
However, when he saw Afo's puppet body, he finally understood what it meant to say that there was always someone better than you out there. His own puppet body was nothing in front of Afo.
Afo looked at Refined God Zi and said, "Don't touch me."
At this moment, Refined God Zi was already in a trance, how could he stop? Even though his hands had stopped moving, he was still circling around Refined God Zi.
Afo could only look at Luo Zheng for help. He didn't know where Luo Zheng found such a weirdo.
Luo Zheng could only shrug his shoulders helplessly and say, "This guy is a Weapon Refiner. According to him, he was a Weapon Refiner from the previous round of the Heavenly Dao."
"Survived a round of the Heavenly Dao?" A strange look appeared on Afo's face. He looked at Refined God Zi and said, "Not bad, to be able to use limited resources to create a puppet body like this. Although it's a little ugly, it's already made the best use of these trashy materials."
Afo's puppet body wasn't something that Refined God Zi could compare to. Refined God Zi couldn't see anything special about the materials used because he'd never seen them before.
However, Afo had lived for so many years and had followed his master for so many years, so his eyes weren't too bad. The materials in the universe weren't good enough for Afo, but Refined God Zi was able to use those trashy materials to create such an ugly puppet body. This meant that Refined God Zi was very talented in the Dao of Weapon Refinement.
"Trash! You said my materials are trash …. "
Refined God Zi couldn't take it lying down. It took Jade Qilin a lot of effort to get these materials, and now they're trash in Afo's eyes?
But on second thought, Refined God Zi was discouraged ….
Light Sand was used to make bricks, Emperor's Soul Rock was used to pave the floor. If Refined God Zi was the master of this residence, he'd also think his materials were trash ….
Afo didn't ask why Luo Zheng had returned to the residence. He was just a servant left behind by his master to serve Luo Zheng. He'd only do his best to help Luo Zheng with whatever authority he could gain in the residence.
Luo Zheng's purpose in returning to the residence was to settle Mu Mingxue and Refined God Zi down.
Along the way, Mu Mingxue's curiosity grew stronger and stronger. This Immortal Mansion was an existence she couldn't comprehend, but she also understood why Luo Zheng was so fearless before. It would be very difficult for outsiders to break into this Immortal Mansion, right?
Shenzi was walking at the back. He was a bit numb at this point. Every material in this place was a supreme treasure in his eyes. He wanted nothing more than to take all of them, be it the pavilions, the railings, or the floor tiles.
But after seeing too much, he'd eventually become numb. But when he passed by the pavilion in the middle of the pond, his eyes were fixed in one direction!
There were several passages in the pavilion, each one leading to a different hall. There was a library, an alchemy room, and a crafting workshop ….
"A crafting workshop!"
Refined God Zi remembered what Luo Zheng said before. At that time, Luo Zheng said there was a crafting workshop that was enough for him!
Looking at the crafting workshop now, Refined God Zi didn't have a heart. But if he did, his heart would've been beating wildly by now.
This immortal abode was extraordinary in every way, so this crafting workshop was definitely no small matter.
"Clang, clang …."
Thinking of this, Refined God Zi's footsteps quickened, heading straight for the crafting workshop.
However, Refined God Zi was only halfway to the workshop when he heard a loud "Bang!" With a loud bang, he slammed into a transparent barrier. Then, he fell to the ground, unable to move.
Seeing this, Afo was speechless. "He … Seems like he's out of True Yuan Stones?" Afo saw at a glance that the energy used to power this puppet was extremely inferior. It was actually powered by True Yuan. Maintaining this puppet would consume a lot of True Yuan.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but smile bitterly. When he came to Refined Shenzi's side, he heard Refined Shenzi moaning. Luo Zheng took out a True Yuan Jade and helped Refined Shenzi up. Then, he poured the True Yuan Jade into the groove on his back.
Soon, Refined God Zi was able to move again. The first thing he asked was, "This, this crafting workshop … Why can't I enter?"
Luo Zheng shrugged, shook his head, and said, "Simple, I don't have the authority to enter this workshop."
"Ah …."
Lian Shenzi let out a miserable shriek as he lay on the invisible barrier. He stared at the crafting workshop as if he wanted to see through the door. "How do I get the authority?"
"It depends on luck," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Luo Zheng would definitely continue on the True Path. After all, Luo Zheng only had three tokens. However, Luo Zheng wasn't sure if he could get the token to open the crafting workshop. Why would he promise Refined God Zi anything?
Lian Shenzi was naturally very disappointed to see that he had no chance of entering the tool refinement workshop, and he turned to follow Luo Zheng out of the workshop. "Luck? You want me to rely on luck? What kind of luck do I need to open the crafting workshop? "
Afo, who was leading the way, said calmly, "With your crafting skills, even if you can open the crafting workshop, you still don't have the authority to use it!"
"How is that possible?!"
How could Refined God Zi be convinced by Afo's doubts?
Others could question everything about him, including his life, anything about him, but he absolutely would not allow others to question his refining skills. He was willing to become this inhuman and ghostly puppet just so that he could live in this world and study his refining skills. How could he allow others to question him?!

Chapter 1154
Disgruntled, Refined Shenzi followed Luo Zheng into the library.
Luo Zheng planned to settle Mu Mingxue and the others down here. Mu Mingxue's cultivation method inheritance came from the Great Thousand Realms she came from. Luo Zheng wouldn't comment on the quality of the cultivation method, but he would advise Mu Mingxue to choose a suitable cultivation method for herself.
The process was similar to the last time. It was worth mentioning that Refined Shenzi couldn't move a single step after entering the library. He wasn't interested in the various cultivation methods at all, and he couldn't cultivate them in his current puppet form. However, he was obsessed with the books on the art of refining weapons. After entering the library, he refused to leave.
After settling them down, Luo Zheng left the divine residence once more. With a light tap of his finger, the divine residence rapidly shrank back into the palm-sized Gen Token.
Luo Zheng activated the Gen Token and returned to the divine residence extremely quickly. If Yao Yao's pursuers suddenly attacked, he would be able to force his way into the divine residence. After all, if they wanted to capture him, they would have to destroy the Plate of Reincarnation. Although the Plate of Reincarnation was in tatters, it wasn't something that could be destroyed in an instant.
After making all the necessary preparations, Luo Zheng controlled the Plate of Reincarnation once more and continued to fly through the starry sky.
…
…
The core great realm of the Yao Night clan, Xing Ming Realm …
The structure of this great realm was very unique. It was a huge realm, and it was actually formed by a huge mountain. The mountain was called Xing Ming Mountain.
It was a mountain large enough to fill the entire great realm. The foot of the mountain rose and fell from the edge of the realm all the way to the center of the great realm, which was the peak of Xing Ming Mountain.
Because the mountain was the size of an entire great realm, even though it was several million feet tall, one could only see it from the depths of the universe. Only then would one be able to tell that it was a mountain. However, the members of the Yao Night clan who lived there couldn't sense the existence of this' mountain '.
Several Fiend Night Clan cultivators had gathered in front of the gates of the Punishment Seizing Palace in the Hall of Punishment!
There were both men and women among these Demon Night Clan cultivators, but the average lifespan was over a million years. There were even some that had reached over ten million years. There were even a few that had entered the Five Signs of Decay. Their life force had been exhausted and there was no longer any possibility of prolonging their lifespan. They could only watch as they slid step by step into the abyss of death. Even though they were World Overlords, they still couldn't escape the restriction of their lifespan and couldn't touch the threshold of eternal life …
"Let Yao out!"
"We have to communicate with the Elders Guild about this!"
"We can't let her do as she pleases!"
Those old men from the Demon Night Clan were members of the Demon Night Clan's Council of Elders.
Apart from the Three Kings, many of the Yao Night clan's internal affairs were decided by the Council of Elders. After all, Yao was only in charge of punishment, Xun was only in charge of slaughter, and the King of Life was only in charge of the continuation of the clan. Apart from that, there were countless other matters in such a large and powerful clan. The Council of Elders was very important.
The battle between the two Kings had begun 700 years ago.
After Yao made her move, the Council of Elders remained silent. Killing a King wasn't a crime in the Demon Night Clan because it was an unimaginable crime. No amount of punishment could make up for it.
However, what if the person who killed the King was another King?
When the Council of Elders believed that Xun would eventually die, they chose to remain silent. After all, Xun had already died and they didn't want to oppose Yao too much. Thus, the Council of Elders waited for the birth of a new King …
They waited for 700 years. Who would've thought that after 700 years, not only did Xun not die, she actually returned to the universe!
After Xun's soul recovered to a large extent, some of the old fellows in the Elders' Assembly became active. Since Xun had the strength to return, then let her return. However, these old fellows had lived for so many years and had experienced too many things. At that time, they could only wait and see what would happen.
Then, not long after that, Yao brazenly sent out Exterminator to hunt down Xun. This matter once again caused a great commotion in the universe …
The old fellows from the Council of Elders couldn't sit still any longer. Yao's actions over the past few years had caused quite a few people to be dissatisfied with her. If this continued, then even a powerful clan like the Nightfiend Clan would collapse from within!
All of the silence erupted on this day. More than twenty old men from the Council of Elders had gathered in front of the Punishment Palace in the Palace of Punishment Name Mountain.
However, the palace's doors remained closed from the beginning to the end …
After waiting for 12 to 14 hours, the old fellows finally couldn't take it anymore and began to berate at the door.
"King is still resting. Elders, please return." The silver-haired Yue Ye stood guard at the door with a faint smile on her face.
"Do you think we old fellows are three-year-old children? I've lived longer than you for a hundred lifetimes! Tell Yao to come out! "
"The Council of Elders isn't just for show. Xun isn't a traitor of the Demon Night Clan. How can you treat her like this?"
"If Yao doesn't give us an explanation, we'll impeach her!"
Hearing the old fellows' words, Yue Ye revealed a cold smile. "Impeach? Hehe … "
In theory, the Council of Elders had the right to impeach the king and appoint a new king. However, this was only in theory. Ever since the Council of Elders had been established, the Demon Night Clan had never exercised this right.
After all, the king's influence on the Demon Night Clan was too deep. The upper echelons of the clan might be able to see the conflict, but the lower echelons of the clan only recognized the king. This was because the king was their spiritual symbol. As for the Council of Elders, it couldn't be compared to the three kings …
Hence, the Council of Elders' threats were practically useless.
Yue Ye coldly stared at the noisy Council of Elders. She did her best to suppress the killing intent in her heart. She was afraid that she wouldn't be able to control herself and would really kill these old fellows.
Although these old fellows from the Council of Elders were all World Lords, and quite a few of them were even Great World Lords in the past. They were once the backbone of the Demon Night Clan, but they had lived for far too long …
Time was like an invisible snake that had drilled into their bodies and eroded their strength.
However, these old fellows represented the 72 great clans of the Demon Night Clan. There were simply too many things involved. Even if she really killed them, it wouldn't be much of an issue. However, it would still cause a lot of unnecessary trouble.
For Yao, he was willing to sacrifice himself and hastily deal with this matter. Presumably, these old fellows wouldn't dare to forcefully charge into the Punishment Palace …
At this moment, a figure silently appeared at the center of the Hall of Punishment. This person wore a plain robe while a jade belt with python patterns on it was tied around his waist. He had a pair of eyes that were like ancient pools, and his figure was tall and slender.
When he saw Yao, he didn't bow and only said indifferently, "My king."
On the throne above the palace, Yao revealed a warm smile. "Broken Shadow, why have you come looking for me?"
This Broken Shadow was another member of the Demon Night Clan.
There weren't many Empyrean Exalts in the Demon Night Clan. In the hundreds of great worlds and countless Holy Lands, there were only four Empyrean Exalts. Tens of thousands of years ago, there were three! Empyrean Exalted Divine Arrow's Crown of Destiny was personally obtained by Xun with the help of Dream God Arrow!
However, this didn't mean that the Demon Night Clan wasn't powerful. It was just that each cycle of the Heavenly Dao only allowed 128 living beings to inherit the Heavenly Dao. No matter how talented the later generations were, they couldn't break through the World Lord boundary!
Thus, in theory, the World Lord realm was the peak of cultivation. No matter how talented one was, without the Crown of Destiny, it was impossible to break through to the World Lord realm!
Empyrean Exalted Broken Shadow was one of Yao's supporters …
Yao was even a bit worried. Did Empyrean Broken Shadow come here with the same goal as those old fellows from the Council of Elders? Did he want to dissuade her?
If that was the case, then things would be troublesome. She had to consider Empyrean Broken Shadow's suggestion …
However, Empyrean Broken Shadow's next words allowed Yao to let out a sigh of relief.
Empyrean Broken Shadow said, "The Heavenly Dao is shaking …"
"The Heavenly Dao is shaking?" Yao's elegant face emitted a trace of ruthlessness from time to time. Although she was also an extremely beautiful person with her brows furrowed, she gave people a kind of fiendish feeling.

Chapter 1155
A single cycle of the Heavenly Dao could maintain an entire cycle.
In the vast majority of cases, the Heavenly Dao was extremely stable. If the Heavenly Dao was shaken, then something major was bound to happen.
Most of the time, a Heavenly Venerate would die and the Crown of Destiny would appear once more …
There were only 128 Heavenly Venerates in the universe, and Heavenly Venerates had extremely long lifespans. It was extremely rare for one to die, and it was also a great opportunity for the various clans.
Even a large clan like the Fiend Night Clan only had four Heavenly Venerates. Adding another Heavenly Venerate was extremely significant.
Moreover, not all four Heavenly Venerates supported Yao.
Although Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow was a strong supporter of Yao, Heavenly Venerate Divine Arrow of the Fiend Night Clan was still in hiding. He was also an unwavering supporter of Xun. As for the other two Heavenly Venerates, one of them stood behind the King of Life, while the last Heavenly Venerate remained neutral. He would even occasionally listen to the Elder Council's orders!
If Yao could obtain another Crown of Destiny, the Fiend Night Clan would have another Heavenly Venerate. This Heavenly Venerate would unwaveringly stand behind her, further solidifying Yao's position.
"The Heavenly Dao was shaken … did a Heavenly Venerate die?" Yao's eyes glowed with a deep blue light.
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow shook his head. "My King, no Heavenly Venerate died."
"No Heavenly Venerate died?" Yao raised her eyebrows. Hearing this answer, Yao was a little surprised. "Why is the Heavenly Dao shaking?"
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow had a trace of confusion on his face. "Although no Heavenly Venerate died, I sensed an additional Will of Destiny appear in the Heavenly Dao!"
Yao Yao was stunned. "An extra Heaven's Will? How could such a thing happen? "
A cycle of the Heavenly Dao only had 128 Wills of Destiny. This was common knowledge in the universe, and it was also an unbreakable law. Yao was also confused by Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow's words.
"I don't know why." Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow shook his head. He didn't know what would happen if an additional Will of Destiny was forcefully shouldered by someone else, but no matter what, the Crown of Destiny was something he had to obtain no matter what. "I've already divined the location of the Crown of Destiny."
"Where is it?" Yao asked.
"In the Asura World," Celestial Master Broken Shadow replied. "But since the day before yesterday, the position of the Crown of Heaven's Will has been constantly changing. It seems to have flown into the deep space and is heading towards the Northern Heaven Region …"
................... haha..... haha......
"My king?" The Broken Shadow Celestial stared at Yao Yao in confusion. He didn't know why she was smiling.
"Xun, previously in the Asura Yin World, under the pursuit of my people, she fled into the deep space and went to the Northern Sky Region!" Yao said with a smile.
.....
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow had never divined the location of Luo Zheng or Xun. Although Heavenly Venerates carried the Will of Destiny, their divinations weren't limitless. If they wanted to calculate the location of a living being out of thin air, they could only do so within the boundaries of a single major world. They couldn't calculate any further than that. After all, the universe was just far too vast.
However, it wasn't difficult to calculate the location of the Crown of Destiny. In reality, after every Heavenly Venerate died, the Crown of Destiny would randomly appear somewhere in the universe. The Heavenly Venerate had to calculate the location of the Crown of Destiny before sending people to steal it.
"The heavens are simply helping my Yao Ye clan! Since that's the case, I'm afraid our Yao Ye clan can't be slow. "A strange light flashed through Yao's eyes. She abruptly stood up from her throne and strode towards the entrance of the palace. Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow followed closely behind her.
Everyone wanted to obtain the Crown of Destiny. If Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow could calculate it, so could other Heavenly Venerates.
Every time the Crown of Destiny appeared, it would cause countless races to fight over it.
Some races were lucky and the Crown of Destiny would directly appear in their sacred grounds. Once a Realm Lord picked it up, they would be conferred the title of Heavenly Venerate. However, for some weaker races, it wasn't a good thing.
This was because Heavenly Venerates who had just inherited the Crown of Destiny were extremely weak. Moreover, there were differences in strength between Heavenly Venerates. Even if a Heavenly Venerate appeared in a small race of a major world, he would often be killed by a Heavenly Venerate from another race. Then, the Crown of Destiny would disappear again and appear in another place.
There was once a period of time when the Heaven's Mandate Crown appeared in an extremely unlucky location. It appeared seven times in a row in the Holy Lands of some small races. Then, during that period of time, seven Empyreans were killed … the truth was that these seven Empyreans all carried the same Heaven's Mandate Crown. To many World Lords, this Heaven's Mandate Crown was a fatal temptation, a smiling god of death.
In the end, the Crown of Destiny was still in the hands of a small race. The Realm Lord of that race also understood that even if he inherited the Crown of Destiny, he would still die without the protection of other Heavenly Venerates. After careful consideration, he offered up the Crown of Destiny and let the large races in the universe fight amongst themselves.
As soon as Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow finished his calculation, he appeared in front of Yao. Naturally, he wanted to inform Yao of this matter and quickly send her to participate in the fight for the Crown of Destiny.
Coincidentally, the Crown of Destiny was with Xun. More importantly, Yao had already sent people to kill Xun. It was clear that their Yao Ye clan had seized the initiative!
Creak …
When Yao walked toward the main entrance of the Punishment Palace, the door automatically opened.
The group of old fellows from the Elder Assembly had been waiting for a long time. Their gazes were all fixed on Yao.
Seeing Yao walk out of the Punishment Palace, Yue Ye revealed a surprised expression. "King …"
"Yao! Are you going to listen to our Elder Assembly's suggestion or not? "
"Two kings killing each other is against the rules of our ancestors. No matter how great your enmity is, you can't …"
"With such a precedent, our Yao Ye clan's three kings will have to protect themselves in the future. It will be difficult for us to prosper!"
The old fellows from the Elder Assembly didn't respect Yao too much. Although there were three kings at the same time, these old fellows' lifespans were in the millions or even tens of millions of years. Moreover, their suggestion to Yao was one of the Elder Assembly's rights.
Yao waved her hand at Yue Ye. Her gaze swept over the group of old fellows from the Elder Assembly, and she said indifferently, "I don't have time to listen to your nonsense."
"Nonsense, you …"
"Our Elder Assembly's suggestion is nonsense. Then why do we still need the Elder Assembly?"
Yao coldly smiled. A faint blue radiance blossomed from her body. Her almost perfect face was filled with unconcealable hostility. "Indeed, the Elder Assembly isn't of much use anymore. If you don't mind, I can directly abolish the Elder Assembly."
"Abolish!"
"You dare …"
Yao's words were like vegetables thrown into a pot of oil. Immediately, the group of old fellows flared up.
The head of the Elder Assembly, an old man from the Yao Ye clan who had lived for more than eight million years, jumped forward. He pointed at Yao's nose and cursed, "We shouldn't have supported you in the past. How could our Yao Ye clan …"
Yue Ye frowned slightly and stood in front of Yao. Even if this old man was the head of the Elder Assembly, offending a king like this was an extremely disgraceful thing. However, this group of old fellows was indeed a bit troublesome.
Yao's face was cold. She said indifferently, "Broken Shadow."
Behind her, the Broken Shadow Empyrean quietly walked out. His gaze met with the head of the Elder Assembly.
The head of the Elder Assembly seemed to have thought of something. His eyes suddenly widened, and he angrily shouted, "Broken Shadow! You dare! You … "
Before the Broken Shadow Empyrean became an Empyrean, he was once a member of the Elder Assembly. Back then, when the Yao Ye clan obtained the Heavenly Fate Crown, they chose someone from the Elder Assembly to inherit the Heavenly Fate. Back then, it was the head of the Elder Assembly who strongly recommended Broken Shadow to inherit the Heavenly Fate!
However, he never thought that a million years later, he would actually die at the hands of Broken Shadow!
Plop.
There was no display of might, nor was there any exchange of blows. He didn't even feel the flow of true essence.
The head of the Elder Assembly, a cultivator of the Yao Ye clan with the cultivation of a Great World Lord, fell to the ground with a loud rumble. His life was taken by a single gaze from an Empyrean.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1156
Everyone from the Council of Elders was stunned when they saw their president fall to the ground.
They never thought that Yao would really dare to kill him, and target their president …
"If you say any more nonsense, I don't mind killing all of you."
After saying that, Yao left with Yue Ye and Sky Sovereign Broken Shadow. She didn't have time to deal with these old fellows from the Council of Elders.
She had originally planned to relax a little in this game of cat and mouse with Xun, but after it involved the Crown of Destiny, she knew that this game should be over.
"Yue Ye, let Youmeng and Eye Scissors take action immediately. At the same time, tell them about the Crown of Destiny. If they find it, bring it back immediately," Yao ordered.
"The Crown of Destiny?" Yue Ye was stunned, but her gaze was fixed on Sky Sovereign Broken Shadow.
Sky Sovereign Broken Shadow nodded, "A Crown of Destiny has appeared. It's most likely by Xun's side."
"I understand." Yue Ye was a smart person. She didn't need to say it twice …
… …
… …
On a star in the universe.
A violent storm was constantly blowing on this star. The storm was like a scar on the star. It was millions of kilometers long and slowly moved on the surface of the star.
This storm was a mixture of fire and lightning. It had already lasted for almost a million years!
Under such a harsh environment, no creature could survive in this storm.
However, at this moment, there was a person sitting in the center of the storm. He raised his hand and was calculating with his fingers!
"Not here!"
After saying that, he raised his hand again and continued to calculate with his fingers!
"Still not here!"
He calculated again.
Suddenly, that person opened his eyes. The light in his eyes was as resplendent as the stars, "I've calculated it! Haha, I've worn out iron shoes to no avail. You're actually coming towards this old man! The Crown of Destiny … should be obtained by this old man! "
After he finished speaking, his figure disappeared into the huge storm. At the same time, the storm actually began to gradually stop!
… …
In the universe, many Empyreans were constantly calculating the whereabouts of the Crown of Destiny.
Every Empyrean had a different method of calculation, but they were all able to calculate the position of the Crown of Destiny. In other words, they had firmly locked onto Luo Zheng's position and were beginning to take action.
This was something that even Luo Zheng had not expected!
He was very confident in his own Immortal Abode, but that was only for Yao. If the Heavenly Venerate came in person, it would be hard to say.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that many Celestial Venerables had already locked onto his position. He continued to control the broken Wheel of Samsara, traveling through the deep space towards the north.
The universe was filled with stars. When one looked up at the starry sky from a great world, one would think that the stars were not far away. However, when one personally traveled through the deep space, one would understand the distance.
The speed of the Wheel of Samsara was extremely fast. Even if Luo Zheng erupted with his full speed, he would not be able to catch up to even one percent of the Wheel of Samsara's speed. However, after flying for an entire month, he had only moved a small distance in the deep space. He was still very far away from the North Horizon Region.
The crux of the matter was that there were no spatial channels in the deep space. The distance between one star and another was unimaginably great. Only martial artists who cultivated the Great Void Shift could break free from this distance and move on their own. As for cultivating the Great Void Shift, one's cultivation had to be at least at the World Lord realm.
Luo Zheng maintained the direction of the Wheel of Samsara and sat down cross-legged to cultivate …
During this time, a small whirlpool began to appear in the center of the Primal Chaos Sea within Luo Zheng's inner world.
Previously, when he had placed the World Tree Seed into his dantian, it had been slowly absorbing his Primal Chaos Qi. This absorption had never stopped.
Luo Zheng had already established a connection with the World Tree Seed. He sensed that after the World Tree Seed absorbed the Primal Chaos Qi, it seemed to transform the Primal Chaos Qi into another type of special energy.
It was not true essence, nor was it pure power of laws. As for what it was, Luo Zheng himself could not say for sure.
Luo Zheng had asked Qinglong and Xun about this before, but the two of them had expressed that they did not understand either.
After all, the Primal Chaos Qi involved things that they did not understand. In the beginning, Qinglong had even doubted whether the World Tree Seed could withstand the Primal Chaos Qi and take root in Luo Zheng's body. However, reality proved that Qinglong's worries were somewhat unnecessary. It was just that some strange reactions had occurred, and Luo Zheng still needed to figure it out on his own.
One day, a month and a half later.
Rumble!
The enormous Wheel of Samsara suddenly shook violently.
At that moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. "They're here!"
After standing up, Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the Wheel of Samsara, and he saw a male and female Yao Ye clan fighter standing in front of the Wheel of Samsara.
"These two people's strength should not be far from Sha Mie's …"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. His strength was still too weak. There was no way he could fight back against such a person.
Or was it because Xun was exposed too quickly? Luo Zheng wasn't able to grow and was chased by such strong enemies. No matter how high Luo Zheng's talent was, he wouldn't be able to contend against these sector lords in a short period of time.
Whoosh … Chapter 1156: Riddled with Holes
Even though the Wheel of Samsara was heavily injured, Luo Zheng did not stop at all. Instead, he urged the Wheel of Samsara to fly through the deep space!
"King said not to hold back. First, destroy the Wheel of Samsara, kill that young man, and take away the Crown of Destiny!" said the Yao Ye clan woman indifferently.
The Yao Ye clan man in long robes smiled faintly. "It's just an easy task. Why don't you just watch?"
After he finished speaking, a light purple crystal sword appeared in his hand. He gently shook the crystal sword, and the crystal sword began to vibrate rapidly!
Weng weng weng …
The crystal sword split into two in an instant, and then from two to four, and then from four to eight …
In just the time it took for an incense stick to burn, countless crystal swords had appeared above the Wheel of Samsara!
"Spirit Crystal Rain!"
As the Yao Ye clan man's voice drifted away, the crystal swords simultaneously fell towards the Wheel of Samsara!
"Pu!"
It was unknown what the crystal swords were made of, but even the extremely tough outer shell was unable to block the penetrating power of the crystal swords!
The first crystal sword instantly pierced the Wheel of Samsara, leaving behind a bowl-sized hole on its surface. Then the second, the third, the fourth …
Pu pu pu pu …
The crystal swords were like an unstoppable storm. It did not take long for the entire Wheel of Samsara to be riddled with holes!
Moreover, after the crystal swords pierced through the Wheel of Samsara, they continued to pierce through it. In the end, the crystal swords actually came out from the bottom of the Wheel of Samsara. In other words, every single crystal sword pierced through the Wheel of Samsara.
After piercing through the Plate of Samsara, the crystal swords once again changed direction and shot back upwards …
"Pu!"
The enormous number of crystal swords covered the entire Wheel of Samsara.
Luo Zheng was sitting at the bottom of the Wheel of Samsara, and he was not spared either. One of the crystal swords pierced through the palace and stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
He sat on the ground, circled around, and dodged the crystal sword. After watching the crystal sword disappear into the ground, Luo Zheng returned to his original position and continued to control the Wheel of Samsara. From beginning to end, his expression did not change at all.
The Wheel of Samsara was indeed a top-notch spatial treasure, but with Luo Zheng's current strength, he was unable to preserve it. He could only squeeze out the last bit of use out of the Wheel of Samsara. Run as far as he could!
Pu pu pu …
Just as Luo Zheng was controlling the Wheel of Samsara, another dozen or so crystal swords fell. Luo Zheng's figure flickered once more, but he still focused on controlling the Wheel of Samsara.
As the crystal swords flew back and forth, the Wheel of Samsara was filled with countless holes.

Chapter 1157
The two Fiend Night Clan warriors were a man and a woman. The man was called Serene Dream, and the woman was called Scissors.
They were Yao Yao's most capable subordinates, and their strength was on par with Slaughter, Extermination, and the other three …
However, after following Yao Yao for so many years, they had naturally gained more benefits than the four of them.
The weapons in their hands were divine artifacts.
The crystal sword in the man's hand was called the "Myriad Life Crystal Sword". As long as he was strong enough, he could split it into two, two into four, and so on. The stronger he was, the more crystal swords he could split. Furthermore, each crystal sword had the same power as the first crystal sword!
On the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, the Myriad Life Crystal Sword was ranked 2120. That was its current ranking.
As for the woman called Scissors, her saber was called Slash. It only had one word. The refiner who forged Slash had a very strange temperament. He had very few weapons, and all of them only had one word in their names. However, every weapon he forged was listed on the Universe Myriad Spirit Stele, and they were all ranked in the top three thousand. In other words, they also contained a karmic law.
When Scissors waved the saber named Slash, the cold light on the saber suddenly became so bright that it was impossible to look directly at it. It was as if a star was embedded on the surface of the saber.
Then, the saber's shaft danced around Scissors' waist …
"Whoosh …"
The saber light fanned out, as if a huge fan had appeared in the deep space!
Everything that was enveloped by the saber light would be cut in half!
The karmic law contained in Slash was very similar to the Black Star Pickaxe's karmic law. However, the Black Star Pickaxe's karmic law was to penetrate, while Slash's karmic law was to sever everything!
Scissors waved the saber in such a manner, intending to cut the huge Wheel of Samsara in half …
However, the moment the fan-shaped blade light reached the Plate of Reincarnation, the enormous Plate of Reincarnation suddenly rose in height and strangely avoided the attack.
The Wheel of Samsara was controlled by Luo Zheng. He couldn't avoid the densely packed crystal swords, but he was confident that he could avoid the slowly spreading saber light. He wasn't a fool. He only knew how to control the Wheel of Samsara to run all the way.
"Haha …"
Deep Dream couldn't help laughing.
It was indeed a joke for Scissors to cut down such a huge weapon.
It was also unexpected that the enormous Wheel of Samsara would be able to dodge so nimbly even when it was riddled with holes … …
There was a trace of anger in Scissor Pupil's eyes. She coldly snorted, and the "Slash" in her hand began to madly dance!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The saber in her hand transformed into a light wheel, and then dozens of saber lights spread out with her as the center. This time, the speed of the saber lights was more than a hundred times faster than before. Moreover, some of these fan faces were vertical, some were horizontal, and some were slanted. There was no blind spot at all. Even Deep Dream had to retreat to avoid being involved in those saber lights.
"Stab stab …"
A teeth-numbing sound came from the Wheel of Samsara. The saber lights were unstoppable. In an instant, the huge Wheel of Samsara was cut into several pieces!
The saber lights were too sharp. Even after the entire Wheel of Samsara was cut into pieces, it still maintained its inertia and flew forward. However, there were a few more thin lines on the surface of the Wheel of Samsara. After flying like this for a while, the Wheel of Samsara began to crack along those thin lines, turning into huge shapeless fragments, constantly floating and rolling in the air …
In one of the huge fragments, the fragment was slowly rotating in a spiral. Luo Zheng's feet were firmly nailed to it, and his whole body was rolling with the fragment. However, his eyes were always on Deep Dream and Scissors, and at the same time, he cast a faint smile.
"It's this guy …" Deep Dream glanced at Luo Zheng. "Xun should be attached to his body as a sword spirit."
"Kill him first," Scissors said faintly. In her eyes, this little guy in the Divine Sea Realm was just a novice who had just embarked on the road of martial arts. There was no need to talk nonsense. Carrying out Scissors' orders was always the first priority.
But at this moment, the Gen Token in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly appeared in his hand. In an instant, it transformed into a mini Immortal Mansion, and then his figure disappeared on the spot.
Seeing this scene, Scissors was slightly stunned. "There's another space magic treasure?"
Space magic treasures were not very common. They really did not expect that after cutting down such a huge Wheel of Samsara, Luo Zheng would hide in a small space magic treasure again.
"You're wasting my time!" Scissors did not hesitate at all and went straight to the mini Immortal Mansion!
However, as soon as Scissors rushed forward, she saw the mini Immortal Mansion shooting forward at an extremely fast speed. Its speed was simply beyond her imagination!
"How can this space magic treasure be so ridiculously fast!" Deep Dream raised his eyebrows. Obviously, what happened in front of him was far beyond his expectations.
The two of them were World Lords, and also outstanding talents amongst World Lords. Their understanding of the Laws and space could be said to be at the peak of existences below the Heavenly Dao. It was just that they hadn't been able to shoulder the Mandate of Heaven and were unable to compare to Empyreans …
But looking at the speed of the mini Immortal Mansion, it was several times faster than their full speed flight. In the blink of an eye, it pulled away from the two of them.
"It's useless no matter how fast it is!"
Scissors snorted coldly. With a slash of her long saber, she directly tore the space. Then, she took a step forward. Accompanied by the strong power of the Law of Space, she crossed hundreds of miles of space.
It was the same for Deep Dream. She took a step forward, shifted space, and stood in front of the small Immortal Mansion.
Although the mini Immortal Mansion was incomparably fast, it was still flying through space. Compared to the two of them who could cross hundreds or even thousands of miles in a single step, it was still much slower …
"Shatter …" Looking at the mini immortal mansion that was coming straight at him, Scissors Pupil waved his "Slash" and slashed down again.
"Whoosh …"
Not only was the mini Immortal Mansion extremely fast, but it was also extremely agile. Facing this slash, the mini Immortal Mansion made a ninety degree turn in the air and dodged the slash!
But just as it dodged the Fiend Night Clan woman's saber, it was greeted by Deep Dream's crystal swords. The densely packed crystal swords were like a beautiful but fatal rain of swords. The mini Immortal Mansion quickly passed through this "rain of swords". From beginning to end, it did not touch a single crystal sword!
After escaping the two's interception, the mini Immortal Mansion continued to fly. Then, the two of them used another spatial shift to intercept it again …
After chasing and intercepting it time and time again, the mini Immortal Mansion managed to escape for quite some time.
The two from the Fiend Night Clan became more and more impatient. They had never imagined that they would be able to destroy the enormous Wheel of Samsara so easily. Now, they were actually unable to do anything to the mini Immortal Mansion in front of them. To them, this was a great humiliation.
Within the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng stood on the plaza while Afo stood behind Luo Zheng. In front of them was a crystal wall that projected the scene of the outside world.
To be precise, the outside of the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was not in the universe, but in this world where everything was enlarged. However, this huge world was covered by the boundary released by the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion like a pot lid.
The mini Immortal Mansion that was being chased was only an illusion of the real Immortal Mansion.
"It seems like we can't shake them off?" Luo Zheng looked at the two who were chasing behind the crystal wall.
Afo smiled, "Master, there's no need to worry. These two have comprehended spatial shift, so the Immortal Mansion naturally can't be shaken off. But two mere Sector Lords … Even if the Immortal Mansion didn't move, they still wouldn't be able to break through."
Luo Zheng nodded. He had no idea how to resolve this crisis, but at least he could guarantee his own safety and Xun's safety. Right now, he could only take one step at a time and see how far Na Yao would go!
This chase lasted for about two days. They were getting closer and closer to a bright yellow star in the middle heaven domain. Although Deep Dream and Scissors took over the chase, they still couldn't do anything to the mini Immortal Mansion …

Chapter 1158
Even with the strength of Deep Dream and Eyes Scissors, they were unable to escape from the sudden grab of the giant hand!
Almost in the blink of an eye, the two of them were ruthlessly pinched by the giant hand.
Tong Tong's face suddenly turned cold. She was ruthlessly pinched by the giant hand along with her saber. The saber in her hand actually bloomed with a circular light screen. After the light screen appeared, it continued to spread, trying to forcibly push the giant hand away.
In addition, Serene Dream did not dare to be caught by the giant hand. She also used her divine ability to try to break free from the giant hand.
"Which Empyrean has descended? We are from the Yao Night clan. We are working for our king!" While struggling, Serene Dream reported her origin!
Hearing this, a sneer came from deep in the sky. "So it's the Yao Night clan. You can scram now!"
After that, the giant hand gently squeezed, and the light screen that Tong Tong had just released shattered with a bang. Then, the giant hand suddenly swung and directly threw the two of them away!
The strength of this Empyrean was unimaginably great. With this gentle throw, Serene Dream and Tong Tong were constantly tumbling in the air. In the blink of an eye, they flew tens of thousands of miles away before slowly coming to a stop …
Both of their faces were filled with unwillingness. They looked at each other and frowned at the same time. Although their strength was extraordinary among Realm Lords, they were still too insignificant in the face of an Empyrean!
A warrior who had inherited the Mandate of Heaven and a warrior who had not were two completely different concepts. Why was an Empyrean called an Empyrean? It was because he had the Crown of Heaven's Mandate on his body, which carried an irresistible Mandate of Heaven!
"What do we do now?" Serene Dream asked with a frown.
Tong Tong smiled coldly. "King and Empyrean Broken Shadow should also be rushing over! Even if this Empyrean takes the Crown of Heaven's Mandate, he might not be able to take it away! "
The Crown of Heaven's Mandate required time to bear. Even if this Empyrean took the Crown of Heaven's Mandate and passed it to a Realm Lord beside him, that Realm Lord would not be able to bear the Mandate of Heaven's Mandate in a short period of time!
Moreover, when bearing the Mandate of Heaven's Mandate, one needed to communicate with the Heavenly Dao and absolutely could not move a single step …
Unless this Empyrean immediately fled after obtaining the Crown of Heaven's Mandate! However, it would still attract the pursuit of other Empyreans!
Every time the Heavenly Fate Crown appeared, it would cause many big clans to fight over it. The two of them regretted it. If Yao Yao had sent them out from the beginning instead of sending Sha, Mie, and the other three to commit suicide, they would have already taken the Heavenly Fate Crown and retreated to the Yao Ye Clan. That would have been a perfect ending!
Just like that, the small immortal abode had already traveled a considerable distance in the sky, heading straight for the nearest pale yellow star.
As the billowing black smoke dissipated, a burly figure emerged from the black smoke. This person was clad in black armor. His eyes were like bells, and his body was broad. He was a Demon Race Heavenly Venerable.
The Demon Race Heavenly Sovereign glanced at the mini Immortal Mansion that had fled into the distance. A faint sneer appeared on his face. Rolling black smoke once again enveloped him as he chased after the mini Immortal Mansion at an even faster speed.
Luo Zheng stood in the immortal mansion and looked at the outside world. The pale yellow star grew bigger and bigger in his eyes!
Mountains, rivers, deserts …
Every detail of the star was clearly displayed in Luo Zheng's vision. Ninety percent of the star's surface was covered in desert, and there were no signs of life on it.
Some stars were inhabited by living beings, and many of the larger stars were occupied by the various clans of the universe. There were some extremely special minerals and resources on these stars, some of which couldn't be found in the great worlds.
The mini Immortal Mansion charged straight for the star's surface. At Luo Zheng's request, it burrowed into a desert.
Luo Zheng had seen the entire process of the Yao Ye Clan's man and woman fighting against the giant black hand. However, for an expert to be able to grab two Realm Lords so easily and throw them away so casually, it had to be a Heavenly Venerable without a doubt.
"I don't know which clan you're from, little guy. All I want is the Heavenly Fate Crown. Hand it over, and I'll spare your life!"
As Luo Zheng was thinking, he heard the Heavenly Venerable's voice enter the immortal mansion. In the sky, a tall and sturdy figure appeared from the black smoke. It was like a giant spirit god looking down on him!
Just a glance from the Heavenly Venerable caused Luo Zheng's heart to beat wildly. That gaze seemed to contain a kind of powerless power. It seemed to be the supreme law of the Heavenly Dao!
"This is a Heavenly Venerable! And a demon Heavenly Venerable at that! "
Although Luo Zheng had heard of Heavenly Venerables for a long time, Heavenly Venerables were far too rare in the universe. Moreover, almost all Heavenly Venerables cultivated in seclusion and wouldn't easily reveal themselves. This was Luo Zheng's first time seeing a Heavenly Venerable!
"He said the Heavenly Fate Crown! He actually came for this … How did this guy know? "Luo Zheng frowned.
Luo Zheng knew that some powerhouses in the universe had the ability to calculate. Not to mention Heavenly Venerables, Daoist Tian Miao was also proficient in the Purple Star Diviner in the lower realms. He could calculate a person's fate to a certain extent.
However, it was hard for him to imagine that in the vast universe, among hundreds of thousands of boundless worlds, he could calculate the location of a tiny Heavenly Fate Crown. This was somewhat unimaginable. Heavenly Venerables weren't gods, nor were they omniscient and omnipotent existences …
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that the Heavenly Dao was originally closely connected to the Heavenly Fate Crown. When he accidentally touched it, all the Heavenly Venerables in the universe were alarmed!
When the demon Heavenly Venerable saw that the mini immortal mansion didn't respond, he smiled sinisterly. The black smoke once again transformed into a giant hand and enveloped the area below.
However, right at this moment, a strange blue thread suddenly appeared in the sky. These threads instantly intertwined to form a huge and dense net that blocked the path in front of the devilish Heavenly Lord.
When the demon Heavenly Venerable saw the blue net, a cold light flashed in his eyes. He waved the giant hand again, wanting to forcibly break through.
Under the demon Heavenly Venerable's urging, the power of the giant hand suddenly increased by more than ten times. The blue net seemed to be unable to withstand it. The threads on it broke one by one, and the entire net seemed to be on the verge of collapsing! However, at that moment, another large net formed by blue threads appeared above the demon Heavenly Venerable's head and enveloped him.
The demon Heavenly Venerable seemed to be very afraid of this large net. He could only withdraw his hand first. His figure flashed and turned into a black smoke to avoid the net. The demon Heavenly Venerable's cold voice transmitted from the black smoke. "Heavenly Venerable Dream Weaver! You … If you want to die, just say it! "
As soon as the demon Heavenly Venerable's voice fell, the blue threads continued to intertwine, gradually drawing an exquisite figure in the air. In an instant, the threads turned into a young and beautiful human woman. She had a faint smile on her face as she looked at the demon Heavenly Venerable not far away.
The Heavenly Venerable Dream Weaver had a frivolous smile on her face as she stared at the demon Heavenly Venerable and said, "Hehe, Old Monster Dark Demon, I'm just looking for the Crown of Heaven's Will. Why would I want to die?"
This devil race Empyrean was the famous Dark Devil Empyrean. This Dark Devil Empyrean was one of the oldest Empyreans in the universe. His lifespan was also considered to be one of the oldest Empyreans. Therefore, others called him Dark Devil Old Monster.
"The second Heavenly Venerable …"
In the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng's face sank again. Two Heavenly Venerables had appeared at once. Luo Zheng was indeed surprised.
Although he was very confident in the immortal mansion, facing an Heavenly Venerable powerhouse …
At that moment, a ball of flame suddenly ignited. The purple flame seemed to contain the power to burn the heavens. A huge amount of heat spread out, turning the entire desert into a fiery hell. Then, a person walked out of the flame. "I thought my speed wasn't slow. I didn't expect Dark Demon and Dream Weaver to be even faster, haha!"
"Another Heavenly Venerable!" Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped, and a wry smile appeared on his face.
The Crown of Heaven's Will was so attractive that it attracted three Heavenly Venerables in the blink of an eye? He wondered if it would attract more Heavenly Venerables …
As soon as this thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind, the figure of the fourth Heavenly Venerable slowly appeared in the sky.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1159
The area of a tenth grade sacred land was already unimaginably huge, and a large world only had two to three sector lords.
Ordinary martial artists only had a pitifully small chance of seeing a Realm Lord once in their lifetime.
As for Heavenly Venerables, although they were scattered across the 100,000 Great Realms, they were all legendary figures in the universe.
From the moment a martial artist stepped onto the martial path, they looked towards the future and broke through their own limits step by step to become even more powerful!
The division of each major realm was just a name that was decided by someone who had reached that step.
The five levels of the physical body, Xiantian, Divine Reflection, Divine Pill, Void Tribulation, Life and Death … Then there were the three Soul Transformation Changes, and finally the Lord of a Realm!
In theory, a Realm Lord was the limit a martial artist could reach. It was the furthest a martial artist could go on the martial path by relying on their own talent and perseverance.
This was because it was impossible to go any further with just perseverance and talent. If a martial artist wanted to continue, they needed the Crown of Heaven's Mandate. Only by shouldering the Mandate of Heaven would they have the qualifications to become a Heavenly Venerate!
In the entire universe, there were only 128 Heavenly Venerables, and there were already four of them in front of him …
At this moment, Luo Zheng was speechless!
Luo Zheng didn't need to use his brain to know that these Heavenly Venerables had come for the Crown of Heaven's Mandate. It seemed that the Crown of Heaven's Mandate was much more important than Luo Zheng had imagined.
What was worse was that the number of Heavenly Venerables was still increasing …
The fifth …
The sixth …
The seventh …
* Buzz buzz buzz … *
At this moment, a sword spirit continuously condensed beside Luo Zheng. Xun's figure floated beside Luo Zheng as she stared at the sky.
"Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow." Xun frowned.
"Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow?" Luo Zheng stared at the seventh Heavenly Venerate. From his appearance, Luo Zheng could tell that this Heavenly Venerate was from the Yao Night Clan. However, he didn't know where this Heavenly Venerate had come from.
"Since Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow has appeared, Yao … should have appeared as well," Xun said calmly.
"Yao!"
When Luo Zheng heard this name, a murderous intent suddenly rushed into his mind.
Luo Zheng had never wanted to kill someone so much, just like Cui Xie, his fated enemy. Although he wanted to kill Cui Xie, if Cui Xie was willing to let Luo Yan go, Luo Zheng could also forget about the enmity between them.
But this woman was an exception …
Xun looked at the sky calmly. A blue light appeared in the deep sky. At the front of the light, there was a person wearing the Sky Armor and holding the Holy Thunder Chain Hammer. He slowly walked over.
This woman was one of the three kings of the Demonnight Clan, the King of Punishment!
Luo Zheng had seen Yao's King statue more than once. He had even smashed her statue several times. However, this was the first time he had seen Yao's true appearance!
The design of the Vast Sky Armor was very unique. It was almost a perfect fit for Yao's figure. The armor on her chest perfectly set off her almost perfect figure. As the armor extended all the way, it suddenly disappeared at her slender waist, revealing the almost perfect curves of her waist. Her slender legs were also tightly wrapped by the armor …
He had no choice but to admit that the Yao who was leisurely walking over was indeed a nearly perfect woman. However, on that extremely beautiful face of hers, there was a kind of ruthless ferocity everywhere.
In their normal state, the kings of the Yao Night Clan were only at the Realm Lord level. After all, kings couldn't shoulder the Mandate of Heaven.
But at this moment, there was a blue light trailing behind Yao. That light was the Yao Night Clan's Faith Pond. The Faith Pond that belonged to Yao was constantly replenishing Yao with the power of faith. This was the battle form of the three kings. With the support of the Faith Pond, Yao's strength was no weaker than any of the Empyreans present!
However, the strongest of the three kings of the Yao Night Clan was actually Xun. After all, she was the King of Slaughter, the strongest sword of the Yao Night Clan.
After her was Yao, then the King of Life …
Right now, Xun was no longer able to use the faith pond. Yao had already sealed her faith pond. However, even though Xun was able to borrow the faith energy from the faith pond, she still wasn't a match for a Sector Lord. After all, her current state was still very weak. She couldn't absorb the faith energy from the faith pond without restraint.
When the several Empyreans in the sky saw Yao, they all retreated a few steps. A trace of fear appeared on their faces.
The Yao Night Clan only had four Empyreans. It was even fewer than the number of humans and devils. However, the three kings weren't any weaker than Empyreans. It was equivalent to having three extra Empyreans. Although the King of Slaughter was nowhere to be seen, the King of Punishment wasn't to be underestimated either.
Empyreans were also divided into high, middle, and low ranks. They were divided according to the Mandate of Heaven they shouldered and the karma laws they obtained. The difference in strength was also not small!
The Empyreans that appeared now were only lower level Empyreans. As for Yao, she was comparable to a middle level Empyrean!
Yao twisted her body and slowly walked through the sky. Her face was filled with arrogance. It was as if she didn't put the Empyreans in her eyes. She walked towards the mini immortal estate in the desert.
"You …"
The Empyreans were currently in a stalemate. For the sake of the Mandate of Heaven crown, they were likely going to fight. However, as Empyreans, they were all constantly weighing their options. Thus, they were currently maintaining a delicate balance. No one was willing to fight for the mini immortal estate for fear of becoming the target of public criticism.
However, Yao walked over as if there was no one present. Empyrean Darkdemon couldn't help but speak up to stop her.
However, as soon as Empyrean Darkdemon spoke, Empyrean Broken Shadow's figure drifted to Yao's side like a ghost. He stared at Empyrean Darkdemon with a wild smile. "Old monster Darkdemon, this is an internal affair of the Yao Night Clan. Do you … want to interfere?"
"Internal affair? What a joke! Since when did the Mandate of Heaven crown become an internal affair of the Yao Night Clan? " Empyrean Darkdemon said with a look of dissatisfaction. His Demon Clan only had middle and upper level Empyreans. However, they hadn't arrived yet. If they hadn't, he would have attacked long ago.
The Yao Night Clan and the Demon Clan were originally at odds with each other. Up until now, the two clans had been fighting each other in dozens of great worlds.
However, Empyrean Exalts rarely took action in a war of this level. Even if a great world was occupied by the other side, it was difficult to attract the attention of Empyreans. After all, Empyrean Exalts of every race were like trump cards. Once they participated in an ordinary war, the ripples they caused were no small matter.
Empyrean Broken Shadow smiled coldly. "The King of Slaughter of my Yao Night Clan is hiding in this immortal estate. Tell me, isn't this an internal affair of my clan?"
"The King of Slaughter? Xun? "Empyrean Darkdemon frowned.
When Xun helped Empyrean Divine Arrow ascend to the position of Empyrean Exalted, she had killed a Empyrean Exalted.
The death of every Empyrean was a huge matter in the universe. It was far too difficult to kill a Empyrean Exalted. Even upper level Empyreans weren't completely confident they could kill a lower level Empyrean Exalted!
However, Xun had done it. She was the first Realm Overlord to kill a Empyrean Exalted, even though she had relied on the power of faith unique to her Yao Night Clan.
Because of this, every Empyrean Exalted remembered the name Xun. It was this woman who had killed a Empyrean Exalted for the sake of not bearing the Mandate of Heaven!
Several hundred years ago …
Xun suddenly disappeared from the universe.
Even though the Yao Night Clan tried their best to conceal this matter, the statues of their kings were scattered all over their sacred lands. It was almost impossible to hide something like this.
To the Empyreans of the other races, this was a good thing. Later on, they received news that the two kings of the Yao Night Clan were fighting each other!
Now, it seemed that this matter was most likely true.
The strongest king of the Yao Night Clan in countless years was actually hiding in this tiny immortal estate? Since she had the Crown of Heaven's Mandate, why didn't she bear the Mandate of Heaven? A trace of suspicion appeared on the faces of the other Empyreans.
Yao didn't pay any attention to the guesses of the Empyreans. When she was a certain distance away from the miniature immortal estate, a faint smile appeared on her face. "Xun, it's time to come out, right?"

Chapter 1160
The Immortal Abode was Luo Zheng and Smog's last line of defense.
If the Immortal Abode was destroyed, Luo Zheng would have no choice but to accept his fate.
Facing so many Celestial Venerables and Yao alone, Luo Zheng seemed to be in a hopeless situation. However, he didn't mind making the situation even more murky.
Then, he took out the Roaring Token. A moment later, Luo Zheng's voice resounded throughout the universe.
"Hehe, bitch, we meet again!"
Suddenly hearing Luo Zheng's words, within Yao's ice-cold eyes, a trace of anger blossomed.
This Divine Sea realm ant had been humiliating her all this time!
As the high and mighty Monarch of the Fiend Night clan, how could she tolerate such a fellow's humiliation?
However, her expression remained calm as she said indifferently, "In my eyes, you're just an ant with a glib tongue. A Divine Sea realm cultivator isn't qualified to talk to me. Let Smog come out!"
Luo Zheng's voice resounded through the universe once more.
"Hmph, in my eyes, you're no king of the Nightfiend clan. You're just a slut. At most, you're a slut king … You want us to come out? Naturally, there's no way. If you have the ability, then come in. There's plenty of good stuff in my Immortal residence. Aside from the Crown of Destiny, there's also my Roaring Command. As far as I know, that thing should be something that surpasses the Heavenly Dao, right? It can be used infinitely … "
After Luo Zheng's voice resounded through the universe, it shocked all the intelligent beings in the hundred thousand great realms.
"This Divine Sea realm cultivator has a Heavenly Will Crown?"
"Legend has it that it's something that can allow a Realm Lord to become a Celestial Venerate. A mere Divine Sea realm cultivator got his hands on it!"
"I … If I have this Heavenly Will Crown, I can become a Celestial Venerate!"
The low-level cultivators only talked about it verbally. The Heavenly Will Crown was a hot potato in their hands. Besides losing their lives, it wouldn't bring them any benefits.
However, the eyes of some Realm Lords turned red.
In every large world in the universe, there was basically a Sector Lord. Of course, there were some extremely barren or large worlds with harsh environments that didn't have a Sector Lord. For example, there were many large worlds like the Asura Yin World and the Psychic World that even had two to three Sector Lords!
When these sector lords heard Luo Zheng's words, it was as if a cat was scratching their souls!
They had already reached the peak of a martial artist's growth. If they wanted to take another step forward, the only thing they lacked was the Heaven's Will!
How could a junior at the Spirit Sea Realm get it?
"Fight for the Heaven's Will!"
"I'll go … beg my grandfather, I want this round of Heavenly Fate!"
"Where is this kid now …"
Some ordinary Sector Lords might be helpless, but there were other Sector Lords who had powerful factions behind them. Some were even the sons of Empyreans, or even the successors of Empyreans!
Some middle and upper Empyreans, due to various reasons, didn't plan to make a move. However, the current situation had changed. Regarding the birth of this Heaven's Will, only 128 Empyreans knew about it. But now, it had spread to the entire universe. Every person, every race, every life form!
"This kid's Roaring Command! It can be used infinitely? "
"Isn't this too exaggerated? Under the Heavenly Dao, who could create such a Roaring Command? I don't believe it! "
"You don't believe it? Have you seen this kid care about the Roaring Command? Even Empyreans wouldn't use it so casually. The difficulty of obtaining this Roaring Command is no longer the same as before. Where did this kid get so many Roaring Commands? "
Luo Zheng took the initiative to say this news, causing even more shock.
Even Empyreans had to pay attention to such a Roaring Command …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yao's brows furrowed even more. What kind of trick was this guy playing?
Then, Luo Zheng put down the Roaring Command. He smiled and asked Xun, "What star is this?"
Xun thought for a moment and said, "This is the 12th star of the middle Heaven Domain. I think it's called Yellowsand Star …" There were many stars in the sky. Although Xun's memory was extraordinary, she wasn't too sure.
Thus, Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Command once more. "It's a great honor to see several Empyreans gather on this 12th star of the middle Heaven Domain, Yellowsand Star. Hehe, I wonder if there will be even more Empyreans descending. To be able to see so many Empyreans, I, Luo Zheng, am extremely honored!"
When Luo Zheng spread these words through the Roaring Command to the entire universe and then into the ears of the several Empyreans on Yellowsand Star, the complexions of these Empyreans changed several times!
"This boy, he wants to muddy the waters even more!"
"He wants to draw in even more Empyreans. Hehe, this boy is quite quick-witted …"
"He's too naive. This move is useless."
Several Empyreans had looks of appreciation in their eyes. There were also some Empyreans that had looks of disdain on their faces.
In the eyes of these Empyreans, this boy hiding in the Immortal Mansion had encountered a situation of certain death today. Perhaps he was throwing caution to the wind. Drawing in even more Empyreans would only make this place even more chaotic. Perhaps he wanted to take advantage of this situation to escape.
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng's move would be useful. But for Empyrean powerhouses, no matter how muddy the waters were, wanting to slip away in the chaos was impossible!
But Luo Zheng still did it. Not only did he throw out the bait, but he also accurately revealed his position …
In truth, revealing his position was purely superfluous. After all, as long as one was an Empyrean, it wasn't difficult to calculate the position of the Crown of Destiny. The key point was that Luo Zheng had succeeded in letting everyone know about the Crown of Destiny. In addition to the Roaring Command, the situation was different.
Most of the 128 Empyreans stood behind some large race. Only a few eccentric Empyreans were alone and didn't have any connections.
Previously, there were still many Empyreans that maintained a wait-and-see attitude. They had already become Empyreans, so the risk of competing for the Crown of Destiny wasn't small and the chances weren't particularly high … But now, they needed to face their own descendants, their own sons, and the pleas of their descendants!
Not long after …
Some of the Empyreans that had been biding their time began to set out for the middle Heaven Region.
This included Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo. These two Empyreans' goal wasn't just the Crown of Destiny, but also the Roaring Command!
The two of them had been ridiculed by Luo Zheng's Roaring Command and were filled with doubts. How could this mysterious youth have so many Roaring Commands?
Now that they heard Luo Zheng personally admit that his Roaring Command was something that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, they were shocked and also convinced. They didn't want the Crown of Destiny, but they had to get their hands on the Roaring Command!
Thus, more and more Empyreans began to leave their great realms and set out for the middle Heaven Region …
"It looks like I was wrong." A cold smile appeared on Yao's face. When she had first discovered Luo Zheng, she should have personally gone to the Asura Yin World instead of delaying and even sending people to kill him. She had wasted a lot of time.
If not for that, she would have already taken the Crown of Destiny and Xun's remnant soul.
Now that Luo Zheng had exposed these things, it was to attract even more Empyrean powerhouses. She had thought of even more. For example, Luo Zheng could compromise with an upper Empyrean and give up his Crown of Destiny to spare his life …
In any case, the current situation was becoming more complicated, which was advantageous to Luo Zheng!
Because of this, Yao no longer hesitated. As the power of faith flooded her body, the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand blossomed with tens of thousands of astonishing arcs of lightning!
Crackle …
Her attack was about to smash down on the Immortal Mansion.
But just as Yao Yao moved, Old Freak Dark Demon's black smoke rapidly spread out. This Empyrean Dark Demon was the first Empyrean to arrive. In addition, the demons were originally overbearing and tyrannical in nature. How could they surrender the prey they found to others?
The black smoke formed dozens of giant hands and grabbed at the Immortal Mansion from different directions.
But just as Old Monster Dark Demon moved, countless tiny shadows erupted from Empyrean Broken Shadow's body. Each shadow was only the size of a palm, but they all contained a unique law of karma, as if they could completely melt anything they touched! Even Old Monster Dark Demon's black smoke hands were no exception. In the blink of an eye, they were completely melted away!

Chapter 1161
The power of a Heavenly Venerate was simply too vast.
If the Empyreans present were to release all of their strength, they would probably be able to shatter the entire Yellow Sand Star into pieces in an instant!
Even though these Heavenly Venerates were fighting for Luo Zheng's immortal mansion, they were still restraining their power. After all, now wasn't the time to fight to the death.
Even so, the might that erupted from them was far beyond what ordinary cultivators could compare to. The level of power of these Heavenly Venerates was beyond the imagination of ordinary people …
Heavenly Venerate Darkdemon roared in shock and anger, and the other Heavenly Venerates joined the battle at the same time.
However, the first target of these Heavenly Venerables was the mini immortal abode below!
Yao furrowed her brows, and a vicious aura flashed in her eyes. She raised the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand. The Holy Lightning Chain Hammer swayed gently, and suddenly, it released a dazzling lightning!
Countless bolts of lightning spiraled around Yao, forming a huge lightning vortex with her at the center.
The Lightning Laws contained within the lightning had already reached the eighth or even ninth level!
Even Heavenly Venerates would have to retreat from such a fierce lightning vortex …
The Heavenly Venerates were both shocked and furious. The Fiend Night Clan's King of Punishment didn't hold back at all!
Yao's expression didn't change in the slightest in the face of the other Heavenly Venerates' reactions. How could she allow others to take away what she wanted?
After the lightning dissipated, she looked down and was slightly taken aback. The mini celestial mansion had disappeared?
"You still hoped to escape? How naive …"
Relying on a spatial treasure to escape in front of so many Heavenly Venerates was simply daydreaming!
After saying that, Yao gently raised her hand, and a huge crack began to appear at the edge of Yellowsand Planet's desert. The crack continued to extend until it circled around the entire desert!
Beneath the desert was soil, and beneath the soil was rock.
"Rumble …"
The desert, along with the soil and rock beneath Yellowsand Planet, and even a piece of the planet's mantle, were all pried up by Yao!
If one looked at it from above the stars, it would look like a giant was holding a spoon and scooping up a large piece of Yellowsand Planet!
That piece of mantle, together with the desert on its surface, was forcefully dug out by Yao and lifted up!
At the bottom of the desert, there was a huge crater that was thousands of kilometers deep …
After digging up the desert, Yao Yao swung the Holy Lightning Chainhammer in her hand again. With a light swing, the lightning hammer at the front of the Holy Lightning Chainhammer smashed into the desert!
"Boom!"
When the lightning hammer drilled into the desert, it once again released a violent lightning bolt. Under the attack of the lightning bolt, the entire desert began to disintegrate and dissipate.
"Sou!"
A small mini Immortal Mansion flew out just as the desert was rapidly disintegrated by the lightning.
With a dispirited sneer on her face, she took a step forward and chased after the Immortal Mansion.
The other Celestial Masters also moved at the same time. Yao's strength might be slightly stronger than theirs, but it was already extremely difficult for a Celestial Master to kill a Celestial Master. Moreover, they had all mastered the Space Diversion Technique!
In an instant, the Celestial Masters passed through space and headed straight for the mini Immortal Mansion.
At the same time, Yao Yao swung the Holy Lightning Chainhammer again. With the rich power of faith pouring into it, the power of this attack was more than twice as strong as before.
"Hmph, do you really think we're afraid of you?"
A blood-red ring of fire suddenly appeared in the Celestial Master's hand.
"Heavenly Calamity Extinguishing Fire!"
The moment the ring of fire was unleashed, the heat it emitted was extremely terrifying. Cracks suddenly appeared in the space surrounding the ring of fire, and it began to collapse continuously. Even the space was unable to withstand the might of the flame. The blood-red ring of fire continued to circle in the air, and it went straight for Yao.
The other Celestial Master wasn't to be outdone either. With a flick of his hands, his figure became erratic as if he was standing on water. Then, he reached out and connected his thumb and index finger, fixing Yao's figure in his hand. Then, he softly uttered a word. "Crack!"
"Crack …"
Suddenly, a strange crack appeared where Yao was standing. The crack spread at an extremely fast speed and soon, it had spread to Yao's body.
Yao Yao's body was currently enveloped in rich power of faith. The power of faith was the foundation of her battle with the Celestial Masters.
However, the crack that appeared in the space was a very strange way of attack. It was also extremely overbearing. The crack directly tore apart the power of faith. Immediately after, a bloody wound appeared on Yao's right shoulder and burst out into a flower of blood!
If the crack continued to spread, Yao Yao's entire body would be split into two!
However, right at this moment, the Vast Sky Armor on Yao Yao's body suddenly flashed with a dense light. A series of cryptic and strange lights appeared from the Vast Sky Armor and forcibly stopped the crack from spreading!
After all, it was the Vast Sky Armor. In the universe, the Vast Sky Armor was a top-notch defensive divine artifact.
Although Yao Yao had survived this calamity with the help of the Vast Sky Armor, another Celestial Master's blood-red ring of fire was directly sweeping toward her.
In addition to these two Celestial Masters, the other two Celestial Masters were also eyeing her covetously … Facing the siege of four Celestial Masters at once was still too much for Yao Yao. She had no choice but to retreat.
It was also because of the delay of these four Celestial Masters that the mini Immortal Mansion Luo Zheng was in once again burrowed into another desert on Yellowsand Planet …
These Celestial Masters were also very clear that no matter how the mini Immortal Mansion escaped, it could not escape from their hands. The most important thing was to deal with the covetous eyes of the other Celestial Masters.
Originally, these Celestial Masters had their own plans. Some wanted to sit down and talk, while others wanted to take advantage of the chaos to steal the Immortal Mansion. However, as soon as Yao Yao appeared, she went straight for the Immortal Mansion in an unusually domineering manner. Naturally, she became the first to stick her head out and attracted the siege of several Celestial Masters.
Now that they had joined forces to force Yao Yao to retreat, one of the Celestial Masters once again chased after the mini Immortal Mansion. No matter what, they had to capture this little spatial magic treasure first.
Inside the Immortal Mansion …
Luo Zheng, Xun, and Afo were paying close attention to the battle in the outside world.
This time, after Afo controlled the Immortal Mansion to burrow into the desert, he smiled slightly and said, "I'll transform the Immortal Mansion again!"
The Immortal Mansion was transformed from the "Gen" token, but it could freely transform into various shapes. This time, when it burrowed into the interior of Yellowsand Planet again, it directly transformed into a palm-sized stone!
Just as the Immortal Mansion was completed, a Celestial Venerate waved his hand, and the huge desert was dug up by another Celestial Venerate from the Yellow Sand Star. They followed Yao's method and followed the same pattern. Under the blazing flames, they directly burned the desert!
The sand of the desert was burned by the flames, turning into transparent crystals. Under the continuous burning, these crystals also began to melt …
Not long after, this piece of desert, which was hundreds of miles long, was mostly burned away. Only some scattered objects were scattered into the huge pit below Yellowsand Star!
One of the stones kept tumbling in the air, fell into the big pit, and remained motionless.
This stone was naturally transformed from the Immortal Mansion!
"Huh?" One of the Celestial Masters showed a look of surprise.
Just now, with a casual grab, the mini Immortal Mansion couldn't have escaped his range. He burned the entire desert, but he still couldn't find the Immortal Mansion?
"There were no spatial fluctuations just now. That spatial magic treasure must be on Yellowsand Planet!" One of the Celestial Masters said faintly.
"Hmph, the Immortal Mansion is here. We'll know with a divination." Another Celestial Master pinched his fingers and calculated. As long as no one was carrying the Crown of Heaven's Will, it wasn't difficult to calculate its location. Moreover, the distance to the Crown of Heaven's Will wasn't far, so the divination wasn't complicated!
After a moment, the Celestial Master looked at Yellowsand Planet and frowned slightly. "It's indeed still on Yellowsand Planet, but what happened just now?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1162
Doubt appeared on the faces of the Empyreans.
As for Yao, the Dark Demon Empyrean, and the Broken Shadow Empyrean also stopped fighting …
It was impossible for the mini Immortal Palace to escape once it appeared on Yellow Sand Star. It was precisely because of this that they fought so fiercely.
But now, the mini Immortal Palace had disappeared?
Escaping from under the noses of the Empyreans was something that absolutely could not happen!
When the other Empyreans saw this, they also began to make calculations.
After some calculations, they quickly came to the same conclusion. This Immortal Palace had not left Yellow Sand Star, but was hidden within Yellow Sand Star.
Under such circumstances, the Empyreans gathered on Yellow Sand Star naturally stopped fighting.
They had all come for the Crown of Heaven's Mandate, and that was their only goal. As for sparring with the other Empyreans, they were not interested in that!
Yao's gaze was cold as she swept her gaze across the surface of Yellow Sand Star again and again, but she did not see any clues. In the end, her eyes, which were filled with hostility, landed on the other Empyreans. If it weren't for these fellows causing trouble, the Immortal Palace wouldn't have hidden itself!
"Whoosh …"
A few more figures flew over from the deep sky. More Empyreans had arrived!
"Empyrean Still Water!"
Empyrean Still Water was a middle level Empyrean amongst the Empyreans. Even Yao's brows immediately furrowed!
"Empyrean Ling Huo!"
When Empyrean Ling Huo descended, his gaze landed on Empyrean Still Water …
The two of them were a pair of famous enemies in the universe, and could also be said to be a pair of living treasures among the Empyreans. They had been cursing at each other for who knows how many years, and had challenged each other countless times, but none of them had fulfilled their promise! There had also been other Empyreans who had tried to bully the two of them, but the two of them acted as if they didn't know anything and continued to do as they pleased …
When the other Empyreans saw the two of them meet, they would probably fight as well. Who would have thought that these two Empyreans would actually greet each other so warmly, as if they had not seen each other for a long time and had never wanted to fight!
When two Celestial Venerables killed each other, the Crown of Life would dissipate upon death. Then, it would randomly appear in some corner of the universe. Thus, after killing the other, the greatest benefits would most likely fall into the hands of the other Celestial Venerables. Unless it was a matter of life and death, Celestial Venerables would not fight with their lives on the line.
Not long after, several more Empyreans descended.
The number of Empyreans surrounding Yellowsand Star had already reached 20!
It was extremely rare for so many Empyreans to gather together …
Even when the Dao Fruit Meeting was held back then, there were only 18 Empyreans. But now, there were already 20 Empyreans on Yellowsand Star.
And these Empyrean powerhouses were virtually all attracted by Luo Zheng!
"What? That immortal mansion like spatial magic treasure is hidden on Yellowsand Star right under your noses? "Still Water Celestial Master smiled faintly and shook his head." Watch me! Hehe! "
After saying that, Heavenly Exalted Still Water raised his head slightly and put his palms together. Then, two rays of golden light emitted from his eyes. The golden light spread out and formed two rays of golden light that swept across the surface of Yellowsand Star.
"It's been a long time since we last met. Heavenly Exalted Still Water's' Eyes of Rebirth 'can see through the myriad of illusions under the Heavenly Dao. I think you should be able to find that immortal mansion." One of the Empyreans smiled faintly.
Still Water Celestial Master's expression was indifferent. Just as they said, the spatial magic treasure was probably just a mere illusion. His' Eyes of Rebirth 'could naturally see through it.
Yellowsand Planet was not a particularly large planet. In just a few breaths of time, the two golden rays of light had completely seen through Yellowsand Planet. Then, a puzzled expression appeared on Celestial Master Still Water's face … …
"This is really strange. It's clearly on Yellowsand Star, but I can't see it! This … is impossible! "
His' Eyes of Rebirth 'was an eye technique that he cultivated from the Heavenly Dao that he bore. It contained the law of karma that could see through everything. Moreover, this law of karma was not cultivated by him, but inherited from the Heavenly Dao. There was nothing in the Heavenly Dao that he could not see through!
Just as they said, how could he not see through the spatial magic treasure when it changed shape?
This simply went against the rules of the Heavenly Dao …
Unless that spatial magic treasure was an object that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
"Even the Eyes of Rebirth cannot see through it?" An Celestial Master frowned as he pondered.
As Celestial Masters, they were well aware of what the Heavenly Dao they bore was. Every Heavenly Dao inherited an extremely powerful law of karma. These laws of karma were the supreme laws of the universe. Everything in the universe, from the smallest grain of sand to the largest stars in the universe, had to operate according to these laws of karma. There had never been an accident before!
Just like how water would boil when it was heated up, and if one's strength was too strong, they would suffer heavenly tribulation …
These could also be considered the laws of the universe, and the laws set down by the Heavenly Dao could not be violated.
Yao's expression grew uglier and uglier. Because of her impulsiveness, she had sent Slaughter, Miejue, and the other three. Not only had she wasted time, but more and more Celestial Masters had gathered before her!
Now, she could not even find that tiny immortal mansion …
It would be fine if she found it. Her biggest goal was to kill Xun, but the Crown of Destiny was also something she had to obtain. However, with so many Celestial Masters in front of her, it would not be easy for her and Celestial Master Broken Shadow to forcefully snatch it away!
"Let me do it. Hehe, who cares what illusion technique it is. This move is the simplest and most crude!" As Celestial Master Ling Huo spoke, a wisp of flame appeared in his hand. After the flame in his hand formed a line, it transformed into the shape of a fire dragon that constantly floated in his hand. "Since I can't see where the spatial magic treasure is hidden, then I'll refine the entire planet!"
After saying that, the wisp of flame rushed out!
After this originally small fire dragon flew out from Celestial Master Ling Huo's hand, it rapidly grew in size, transforming into a huge fire dragon that soared into the sky and directly pounced towards the yellow sand planet!
"Whoosh …"
The huge fire dragon continued to circle, its size still expanding. At the same time, the fire dragon wrapped around the entire yellow sand planet in circles.
All the Celestial Masters retreated for the time being.
Celestial Master Ling Huo's method was an effective method!
It was not difficult for a Celestial Master to destroy a star. If several Celestial Masters attacked together, not to mention a Yellow Sand Star, even a big world would be shattered. The Orange Sea Realm of the Human Alliance was a good example.
This yellow sand planet was considered a relatively small planet among the stars in the heavens, but its diameter was still more than eighty thousand miles. This was also an absolute behemoth!
However, after the fire dragon wrapped around it, the surface of the yellow sand planet turned black and then began to slowly melt …
"Burn the entire planet …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. This Celestial Master Ling Huo was so bold!
When Celestial Master Ling Huo began to burn the yellow sand planet, Luo Zheng faintly sensed a trace of grief. When that feeling of grief was transmitted, Luo Zheng instantly understood that it was the transmission of the will of the stars!
The stars had their own will. When Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he had already understood. Now, Luo Zheng had already triggered more than twenty stars one after another, and the grief of the stars was emitted by those stars that he had triggered!
Unfortunately, he was unable to stop it …
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly and could only watch as Celestial Master Ling Huo incessantly burned the yellow sand planet!
"Boom …"
Under the wrapping of the fire dragon, a huge crack appeared in the middle of the yellow sand planet. It was actually burned by the flames!
However, Celestial Master Ling Huo's flames did not extinguish. Instead, they continued to burn the yellow sand planet.
Under the constant burning, the yellow sand planet's volume began to shrink. The materials that were easy to burn in the yellow sand planet were incinerated.
In the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the yellow sand planet, which originally had a diameter of eighty thousand miles, had shrunk to forty thousand miles …
An hour later, the yellow sand planet had become ten thousand miles in size …
Such a huge planet was burned bit by bit just like that. However, the stone that was transformed from the immortal mansion was still lying there quietly!

Chapter 1163
As Empyrean Ling Huo continued to burn, the rate at which Yellowsand Planet was being burned slowed down.
The surface of the planet was the softest, just grains of sand. Beneath the sand was a layer of soil that was over ten miles thick!
Beneath the soil was rock, and beneath the rock was the mantle. In truth, the mantle was also formed from a type of rock, but it was countless times stronger than ordinary rock. And within the mantle was the star core!
This star core was located at the center of the planet. Aside from being extremely strong, its weight was also astonishing. It was said that a palm-sized star core was comparable to the weight of a mountain!
Although Empyrean Ling Huo's fire dragon was powerful, wanting to burn down the entire Yellowsand Planet in a short period of time was something impossible …
"Leave this Heaven's Will Crown to me. There's someone in my clan who urgently needs this Heaven's Will Crown."
Empyrean Still Water said from the side. Taking advantage of the process of refining the planet, everyone wanted to discuss the ownership of this Heaven's Will Crown.
"Someone in your clan needs it? Empyrean Ling Huo, are you joking? Is it only your clan that has a Realm Lord? "Another Empyrean jumped out and said with dissatisfaction.
There were many Realm Lords in the universe, but the number of Heaven's Will Crown was pitifully small …
Now, there were nearly 20 Empyreans. Following that brat Luo Zheng's Roar Command, the number of Empyreans rushing over would only increase. How would this Heaven's Will Crown be divided?
The key point was that this thing wasn't something that could be divided. It wasn't possible to cut the Heaven's Will Crown into pieces and give each person a piece, right?
Another Empyrean asked, "Hmph, everyone seems to be going in the wrong direction. Haven't you thought about it? This Heaven's Will Crown is the 129th Heaven's Will. If someone were to bear this Heaven's Will, what would happen?"
The moment these words were spoken, many Empyreans fell silent.
Indeed, a Heavenly Dao wheel could only bear 128 Heaven's Wills. This number had never changed.
What would happen if there was an extra Heaven's Will? No one could say for sure!
If it caused the Heavenly Dao to collapse, or even caused the Evolution Era to end prematurely, the risk would be too great …
Just as they were talking, another Empyrean Exalt flew over. When this Empyrean Exalt appeared, old monster Dark Demon laughed loudly and immediately gained confidence. "13th Brother, you're finally here!"
Empyrean Darkfiend was the first Empyrean to arrive. But now, he could only watch helplessly as so many Empyreans appeared. He was even pushed to the edge …
Although Empyrean Darkdemon was called an old monster and was one of the Empyreans with the longest lifespan, the strength of an Empyrean was determined by the Mandate of Heaven. If the Mandate of Heaven carried the Karma Laws, then an Empyrean would be extremely strong!
However, the Mandate of Heaven that Empyrean Darkdemon inherited in the past wasn't considered an extremely powerful Karma Law. Relatively speaking, he was one of the more ordinary Empyreans.
But when they heard Empyrean Darkdemon call out 'thirteenth brother', the complexions of the 20 some Empyreans changed …
Empyrean Profound Demon was the second ranked Empyrean of the Demon Race. Moreover, he was incomparably ferocious and was a middle Empyrean. His strength was on par with Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo, and he was even slightly stronger!
With this fellow's arrival, a third middle Empyrean had appeared on Yellowsand Star!
But when Empyrean Profound Demon appeared, everyone saw thousands of densely packed shadows behind him. These shadows were shaped like skeletons that constantly gnawed at Empyrean Profound Demon's back!
Because Empyrean Profound Demon's protective true essence was extremely thick, no matter how these skeletons gnawed at it, they couldn't break through it.
"Thirteenth brother, behind you … why are there so many cursed skeletons?" Empyrean Darkdemon approached Empyrean Profound Demon and looked at the skeletons with a strange expression.
Empyrean Profound Demon's expression was somewhat unsightly, but he fiercely said, "Don't talk about it. When I arrived, I encountered the Shadow Clan! These guys were like madmen. They tore through space and dared to chase after me! In my anger, I killed many of them! "
"The Shadow Clan dared to chase after you, thirteenth brother!" Empyrean Darkdemon asked with a puzzled expression.
Even the other Empyrean Exalts revealed strange expressions when they heard this.
The Shadow Clan was a very troublesome clan. Even Empyrean Exalts didn't like to provoke them. It wasn't that Empyrean Exalts feared this clan, but after exterminating them, they would release these cursed skeletons before they died!
These cursed skeletons couldn't be eliminated, not even by Empyrean Exalts. They would follow behind and constantly gnaw at the person being cursed.
And the duration of this curse would often last for several years …
Empyrean Exalts weren't afraid of being bitten by these cursed skeletons. But wherever they went, a large group of skeletons would follow closely behind them. This was a very annoying thing!
However, the other Empyreans didn't say anything. In any case, they weren't the ones being cursed. Everyone's attention was still on Yellowsand Star.
Inside the immortal mansion …
"This Yellowsand Star is getting smaller and smaller." Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of worry. If this continued, there would be no place to hide.
Afo's face was still expressionless. He didn't seem to be worried about this problem at all. He said, "It's too conspicuous to turn into a stone now. I'll turn the immortal mansion into a grain of sand first!"
Then, the stone transformed from the immortal mansion began to shrink rapidly. From a stone, it transformed into a grain of sand and then fused into the core of the star!
In the outside world, the Empyrean Exalts were still arguing. When it came to their own interests, these Empyrean Exalts were no different from ordinary mortals. However, how to distribute the Crown of Destiny among so many people was indeed a big problem. Many Empyrean Exalts were secretly on guard.
In a situation where they couldn't reach an agreement, the final result was likely to be a fight!
It was just that after burning for so long, the mini immortal mansion still hadn't been burned out. It wasn't time to make a move yet.
Empyrean Ling Huo looked at the slowly burning star core. With a wave of his hand, a fire dragon appeared in his hand again. The fire dragon circled twice and then fused with the previous fire dragon. With this fusion, the fire dragon's power more than doubled, and the speed of burning the star core suddenly increased!
"Empyrean Ling Huo, I'll also lend you a hand," said another Empyrean Ling Huo.
Almost all Empyrean powerhouses had comprehended the universe's origin laws. Even if some Empyrean Ling Huo didn't cultivate fire-attribute cultivation techniques, their power was still incomparable to that of ordinary warriors.
"Bang …"
Flames were also injected into it.
The fire dragon's power began to multiply!
Such a solid star core shrank at a visible speed under the burning of the flames …
A thousand miles in diameter …
Eight hundred miles in diameter …
A hundred miles in diameter …
All the debris was burned away, leaving behind a solid glass-like substance. It was like a ladle of hot molten iron, slowly rotating in the starry sky and shrinking at the same time!
Ten miles in diameter …
One mile …
One hundred feet …
In the end, the remaining star core was burned into a fist-sized piece. This fist-sized star core was what was left of the Yellow Sand Star that was eighty thousand miles in diameter. Almost all the matter on the entire star had been burned away!
Looking at this black thing, the faces of many Empyreans turned ugly again.
"What about that mini immortal mansion …"
"It can't have really escaped, right? If this spatial law can carry out spatial teleportation … No, if there are signs of spatial teleportation, it's impossible to escape my eyes! " An Empyrean couldn't figure it out. Where was that small mini immortal mansion hidden? Could it be in this fist-sized black star core?
Empyrean Ling Huo also paused for a moment. Then, he stretched out his hand and counted with his fingers. He sneered, "Continue burning! This spatial magic treasure is really interesting! It can actually hide in it all this time! "
Right now, the mini immortal mansion had turned into a grain of sand and drilled into the center of the star core!
However, as Empyrean Ling Huo burned it bit by bit, the mini immortal mansion would still be exposed …

Chapter 1164
A star with a diameter of more than eighty thousand miles was forcibly refined just like that! Only a Celestial Venerable could easily do such a thing.
Even a tiny grain of sand could not escape the Celestial Venerables' perception. Many Celestial Venerables also discovered this grain of sand immediately, and their faces revealed strange expressions once again!
Previously, when the Celestial Venerables saw this mini Immortal Mansion, they did not take it too seriously. It was just a spatial magic treasure, and might not be much in the eyes of a Celestial Venerable.
However, looking at this grain of sand, these Celestial Venerables understood that this was no ordinary spatial magic treasure!
This grain of sand had been tempered by Celestial Venerable Ling Huo's true fire!
Even now, these Celestial Venerables still couldn't see through the mystery of this grain of sand. However, after experiencing the burning of Celestial Venerable Ling Huo's true fire, the only thing that still hadn't been refined was this grain of sand … This grain of sand could only be transformed from that immortal estate.
That grain of sand floated in the deep space for a while, then suddenly flew toward the north!
A Celestial Venerable revealed a cold smile on his face. With a stretch of his hand, a large piece of space collapsed, and the grain of sand was sucked into the collapsed space. Then, the surrounding space folded together and used the power of space to easily bind the grain of sand within!
"Such a powerful spatial magic treasure is really unheard of." A Celestial Venerable shook his head.
There were not many treasures in this universe that could make a Celestial Venerable think like this. Even if a Supreme Divine Artifact appeared in front of many Celestial Venerables, it would be difficult for them to be so moved.
However, this Immortal Mansion was ever-changing. Even Celestial Venerables could not see through it, and it could even resist the tempering of Celestial Venerable Ling Huo's true fire …
Such a spatial magic treasure made the hearts of many Celestial Venerables burn with passion!
Previously, these Celestial Venerables only wanted to shatter this spatial magic treasure and take the Crown of Destiny and the Roaring Token from within. Now, they changed their minds. This spatial magic treasure was definitely a rare treasure.
"You are Luo Zheng, right?" A Celestial Venerable remembered Luo Zheng's name. "Come out. If you can hand over this spatial magic treasure and the Crown of Destiny with both hands, my Shaye Clan may not be a large clan, but it is enough to guarantee your survival!"
"Immortal? Hehe … "Xuan Mo Celestial Venerable of the Demon Clan said casually," Human brat, although you are only at the Divine Sea Realm, I can make an exception and take you as my disciple! The price is your Crown of Heavenly Mandate and this ever-changing immortal residence! "
A cold glint flashed across Yao's eyes when she heard the two Celestial Venerables' words.
The goal of these old monsters was to fight for the Crown of Heaven's Will and the other treasures within it. However, Yao's goal was to kill Xun!
If Luo Zheng really made a deal with these Celestial Venerables, it wouldn't be a good thing for Yao Yao …
But even though the Yao Night clan was powerful, the only Celestial Venerate supporting him was Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow. There really wasn't much he could do against these old freaks.
Although she was furious in her heart, she still remained silent. Previously, she did not expect that the situation would develop to this point.
This Luo Zheng … was too damned. He actually attracted so many Empyreans …
After a while, Luo Zheng's voice resounded in the universe again.
"Haha, I am truly honored. However, thank you for your kind intentions, Celestial Venerables. I have other uses for the Crown of Heavenly Mandate! If you want me to hand it over with both hands, you must be dreaming! "
When Luo Zheng said this, the Celestial Venerables' eyes turned cold.
The Crown of Heavenly Mandate was of no use to a mere Divine Sea Realm martial artist. Moreover, with so many Celestial Venerables surrounding him, did this Luo Zheng really think he could survive?
Celestial Venerable Dark Demon couldn't help but say, "Thirteenth Brother, it's useless to talk to this brat. Let me break this spatial treasure!"
After saying this, the billowing black smoke behind Dark Demon suddenly exploded. He wanted to reach out and grab the grain of sand!
"It's just breaking this spatial treasure. I can do it too. There's no need for you to do it, Dark Demon!" The Celestial Venerable who had previously bound the grain of sand reached out with both hands. His index finger and thumb touched, trapping the grain of sand between them.
At the same time, a crack suddenly appeared in the space around the grain of sand. The crack extended towards the grain of sand!
Crackle …
This Celestial Venerable was proficient in a profound meaning of the Space Laws, and this profound meaning was the Heaven's Mandate recorded in his Crown of Heavenly Mandate. Anything that was touched by this Celestial Venerable would be completely torn apart by space!
In the universe, besides the Vast Sky Treasure Armor and a few other supreme divine artifacts that could block it, there was nothing that could block this shattering power!
Seeing the crack extend to the grain of sand and quickly pass over it, the Celestial Venerable sneered. This spatial treasure would inevitably shatter along with it!
When he withdrew his hands and stared at the grain of sand again, a trace of astonishment appeared in his eyes …
Ever since he had shouldered the Mandate of Heavenly Mandate and become an Empyrean, he hadn't had such a look in his eyes for tens of thousands of years.
The grain of sand that should have shattered was still intact, quietly floating in the distance. His Karma Law that could shatter everything seemed to have lost its effect here?
"Hehe, Old Void Monster, you're no good." Another Celestial Venerable stepped forward. As he shook his head, two divine artifacts appeared in his hands. They were the 52nd ranked divine artifacts on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, the "Demon Gold Awl" and the "Pure Sun Hammer".
This Celestial Venerable's figure flickered and he aimed the Demon Gold Awl at the grain of sand!
Then, he swung the Pure Sun Hammer and heavily hammered the tail of the Demon Gold Awl!
"Dong —"
A crisp sound spread out!
This sound didn't sound strong, but it spread across almost half of the starry sky. There were even martial artists in some great worlds who could clearly hear this sound!
The surrounding Celestial Venerables were still fine, but some martial artists who were a trillion miles away and cultivating on some stars heard this sound. Their hearts seemed to have suffered a heavy blow. Their eyes darkened and they spat out mouthfuls of blood!
Some weaker martial artists even had their hearts directly shattered …
Even though they were separated by such a great distance, because of the collision of these two divine artifacts, tens of millions of lives had perished!
And this was because there were very few martial artists in the starry sky. Only a small number of stars had martial artists living on them. If this were a great world, then this hammer strike would have annihilated all the trillions of lives in that great world!
Just a trace of sound transmitted out, yet it possessed such a terrifying strength. Just what sort of terrifying attack would the grain of sand at the front of the Demon Gold Awl have to endure?
A finger-sized spark blossomed from the tip of the Demon Gold Awl. After the spark dispersed, the grain of sand was still a grain of sand …
The 20 Celestial Venerables present were all stunned.
In the universe, Celestial Venerables were the greatest. This universe contained countless inconceivable mysteries, as well as innumerable insurmountable danger zones …
But these things were nothing in the eyes of an Celestial Venerable. As an Celestial Venerable who had lived for hundreds of millions of years, it was difficult for anything in this universe to surprise them.
But this grain of sand still surpassed their imaginations. At the same time, their interest in Luo Zheng's space magic tool grew even stronger!
"Let me!" Celestial Venerable Profound Demon took a step forward.
As a middle Celestial Venerable, Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's strength was far superior to that of an ordinary Celestial Venerable. A saber appeared in his hand, the Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Saber. This saber was refined from the last Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demon in the universe. It was ranked 27th on the universe's Myriad Spirit Stele!
The Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demon was born with a special innate talent. It was able to disturb the world's origin energy and absorb it without limit … it was also because of this innate talent that the Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demons were exterminated. Their race consumed far too much world's origin energy, something that the Heavenly Dao did not tolerate!
However, the last Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demon was obtained by a refiner from the demon race. Only then was he able to forge the Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Saber!
As this saber slashed out, a saber light like a crescent moon appeared in the sky. The moment this saber light bloomed, the world's origin energy in most of the starry sky began to become chaotic, sending out violent fluctuations!
The world's origin energy contained within this saber light had already far surpassed the imagination of ordinary martial artists!
Weng …
This saber light chopped towards the grain of sand!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1165
An earth-shattering saber-light swept through the void and accurately cut at the grain of sand!
The moment the saber-light soaked through the grain of sand, an extremely thin gap appeared on the crescent-shaped saber-light. This tiny gap had been forcibly created by the grain of sand that was unimaginably tough!
After the saber-light swept past the grain of sand, it rapidly went far away. It probably traversed more than half of the starry sky and thousands of stars before the saber-light's remaining power gradually dissipated …
As for the grain of sand, it was still floating in place, slowly rotating.
Heavenly Venerable Profound Demon's expression was somewhat unsightly. A dignified Heavenly Venerable actually couldn't do anything to a grain of sand. This was simply unimaginable!
He originally wanted to try again, but another Heavenly Venerable stood up …
The Heavenly Venerables present tried to shatter the grain of sand one by one, but despite exhausting all kinds of abilities and using all kinds of karma, the grain of sand was still the same grain of sand.
Luo Zheng and Xun, who were inside the immortal mansion, were no less shocked than those Heavenly Venerables!
All this time, Luo Zheng had indeed regarded the immortal mansion as his greatest reliance. Escaping into the immortal mansion was Luo Zheng's final escape route.
However, Luo Zheng had never imagined that the immortal mansion could withstand the attacks of Heavenly Venerables.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng was very nervous when facing the attacks of these Heavenly Venerables. However, after seeing how these Heavenly Venerables used all kinds of unimaginable methods and how the immortal mansion remained unmoved, Luo Zheng finally understood.
He had still underestimated his master and the origin of this immortal mansion …
Although he knew that his master was someone who surpassed the Heavenly Dao and that this immortal mansion must also be something that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, Luo Zheng naturally didn't expect the immortal mansion to be so sturdy.
Then, what kind of terrifying world was above the Heavenly Dao? How powerful was his master's cultivation …
It was unimaginable …
Luo Zheng's thoughts turned again. The young man who had taken away Luo Yan!
Even Xun looked up to him. Xun's true strength was comparable to that of a Heavenly Venerable, so that young man's strength far surpassed that of a Heavenly Venerable.
Surpassing the Heavenly Dao and becoming a True God …
Luo Zheng came to such a conclusion in his heart, but the corners of his mouth unconsciously revealed a trace of a bitter smile. If he wanted to see Luo Yan again, this was really a long way to go.
Xun floated quietly beside Luo Zheng. Her bright eyes were sparkling. In addition to shock, she was also very excited!
She was more knowledgeable than Luo Zheng and knew that this Immortal's Mansion was extraordinary. However, she was not the owner of this Immortal's Mansion, so she could not accurately estimate how powerful this Immortal's Mansion was. Now, it seemed that this Immortal's Mansion's power was beyond her estimation.
Outside the immortal abode, the twenty-odd Celestial Venerables used several methods, but they were still unable to move this tiny grain of sand.
Only now did they realize how laughable their previous threats were …
This Luo Zheng was hiding inside, and there was nothing they could do!
Yao silently stared at the grain of sand. Her hand holding the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer trembled slightly, but then she gave up.
So many Celestial Venerables had already tried. Her explosive might with the power of faith was probably slightly stronger than those Celestial Venerables, but it was still impossible for her to move this grain of sand …
Yao's eyes revealed a trace of unwillingness. Xun had inadvertently exposed her position, which was equivalent to ending this game of cat and mouse prematurely. This was an excellent opportunity for her. She was only one step away from completely eliminating Xun, and then her ambition of unifying the Fiend Night clan would have no worries.
But she never imagined that because of this Immortal's Mansion, this tiny grain of sand …
"If I let this Luo Zheng go, in the future, with Xun and Luo Zheng, with this Immortal's Mansion …" As she pondered, a strong sense of danger rose in her heart. Yao did not know the details of this Immortal's Mansion, but its performance so far had far exceeded her expectations. Luo Zheng's strength would rapidly increase by relying on the resources of this Immortal's Mansion.
If Luo Zheng broke through to the Realm Lord level and inherited the Mandate of Heaven, and Xun recovered her strength, then her fate could be imagined!
"No, today I must break this spatial treasure." Under the urging of her sense of danger, she waved the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer and smashed it at the grain of sand …
A day later, many Celestial Venerables were still here, staring at the slowly spinning grain of sand.
Now, what attracted them the most was no longer the Mandate of Heaven crown, but this Immortal's Mansion, this extremely strange spatial treasure!
Aside from using the methods they were most proficient in, some Celestial Venerables also used other methods, such as the profundities of origin laws and very special karma laws. In short, all sorts of strange methods were used. The strangest of all was that some Celestial Venerables even used poison.
Smearing poison on a grain of sand, Luo Zheng was also stunned. Although Celestial Venerables used poison and were naturally more powerful than ordinary Realm Lords, could this poison spread to the Immortal's Mansion? It was this grain of sand that had forced these Celestial Venerables into a corner!
On this day, several more Celestial Venerables had gathered, and now there were thirty.
These Celestial Venerables came from various races of the universe, each representing a different power.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As a ray of light slowly condensed, another Celestial Venerate appeared.
When this Celestial Venerate appeared, the expressions of the other Celestial Venerables changed again!
This Celestial Venerate appeared to be a human male, but they knew that this fellow didn't come from the three great human factions. He came from the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
The Demi-Immortal Tribe was actually a mixture of many races, but whether it was humans or other races, those who wished to join the Demi-Immortal Tribe had to undergo a blood transfusion. Only then could they be considered true members of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Although there weren't many Demi-Immortals, each one of them wasn't weak. Even among Celestial Venerables, the Demi-Immortal Tribe's Celestial Venerables were incomparably powerful.
More importantly, any matter involving the Demi-Immortal Tribe would only become more troublesome. While the Demi-Immortal Tribe was powerful, they were also unreasonable.
"Celestial Venerate Qing Ling … Does your Demi-Immortal Tribe also want a share of the pie?" Celestial Venerate Profound Demon sneered when he saw Celestial Venerate Qing Ling.
The Demi-Immortal Tribe was very tolerant and didn't refuse any race in the universe. However, their relationship with the Demon Tribe was very poor.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling glanced at Profound Demon and said, "Participate? A share of the pie? " He shook his head. "Wrong. My Demi-Immortal Tribe has always been involved. As for a share of the pie, that's even more out of the question."
"What do you mean?" Profound Demon asked.
When the other Celestial Venerables heard this, a strange expression appeared on their faces.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling pointed at the grain of sand and said, "The young man in the spatial treasure was originally a member of my Demi-Immortal Tribe."
Many Celestial Venerables frowned when they heard this.
"You say he's a member of your tribe? Hehe, I can also say that this human brat is a member of the Demon Tribe! "Profound Demon sneered.
The other Celestial Venerables chimed in. Whether or not Luo Zheng was a member of the Demi-Immortal Tribe, they didn't choose to believe Celestial Venerate Qing Ling's words.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling's expression was as calm as ever. "Luo Zheng has already passed my Demi-Immortal Tribe's test. He has the supreme title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, which is of great significance to my Demi-Immortal Tribe …"
The Celestial Venerables revealed a trace of surprise when they heard the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, but it quickly disappeared. Golden Heavenly Immortals were extremely rare and had only appeared a few times in the past Yan Era. However, given the Celestial Venerables' experience, it wasn't too shocking.
Besides, who knew if Celestial Venerate Qing Ling was spouting nonsense? Making up a reason and saying that the human brat in the immortal residence was the one he wanted to take away? And conveniently take away the Crown of Heavenly Fate and the spatial treasure? This must be a dream, right?
"So what if he's a Golden Heavenly Immortal?" asked one of the Celestial Venerables.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling smiled faintly when he sensed their hostility. "You don't need to be nervous. I'm not here to compete with you for the Crown of Heavenly Fate. Although it's important, my Demi-Immortal Tribe doesn't care!"
One of the Celestial Venerables snorted. "Pretending to be aloof? Then what are you doing here?"
The Demi-Immortal Tribe had a very strange way of doing things in the universe. Other races worked hard for the continuation and expansion of their own race, but the Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't care about these things. They often did some unimaginable things.
Not to mention some of the crazy actions of this race in the universe, occasionally, they would even give up a few great realms to other races …
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling said faintly, "I'm here to say something to all of you."
"What is it?" asked Old Monster Dark Demon.
"My Demi-Immortal Tribe will kill anyone who dares to kill Luo Zheng, even if they're a Celestial Venerate." Celestial Venerate Qing Ling's voice drifted over.
The 30 some Celestial Venerables were stunned for a moment before anger lit up their faces.
"Celestial Venerate Qing Ling, you don't have the strength, do you?" An Celestial Venerate sneered.
"Do you think this universe belongs to the Demi-Immortal Tribe? Do you think you can dictate our life and death? "Another Celestial Venerate coldly said.
Killing an Celestial Venerate wasn't an easy matter. Battles between Celestial Venerates were long and drawn-out. To the 100,000 great worlds, this was simply a disaster. When two Celestial Venerates fought, countless lives would be buried with them!
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling shrugged. "Old Patriarch, I'm here to deliver the message."
Old Patriarch …
As these words came out, many Celestial Venerables fell silent.
The Old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Tribe was a character on the same level as the leaders of humanity's three great influences – Empyrean Oracle, Empyrean Original Sin, Empyrean Thunder Law, the Demonnight Clan's Empyrean Thoughtless, and the demon race's Empyrean Demondawn.
These Celestial Venerables were also the only upper Empyreans in this universe.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling didn't look at the expressions of these Celestial Venerables. He continued to say, "The second message is for Luo Zheng." After he finished speaking, he looked at the grain of sand and lightly said, "The Old Patriarch said that if you have time, you should make a trip to the clan. It would be best if it was before the Dream Realization Battlefield opens. The Old Patriarch has important matters to discuss with you."
After he finished speaking, Celestial Venerate Qing Ling glanced at the several Celestial Venerables present. Then, his figure turned into motes of light and vanished from everyone's sight. This fellow had actually left …
However, the temperament of the Demi-Immortal Tribe had always been like this. The Celestial Venerables present were already used to it.
The Old Patriarch said that they couldn't kill Luo Zheng, so they didn't kill him. It wasn't a big deal. The Old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Tribe had far too mysterious a background. In order to kill Luo Zheng, it wasn't a wise decision to provoke the Demi-Immortal Tribe. But, this didn't mean that the Celestial Venerables present were frightened.
It was just that these Celestial Venerables' goals were the Heaven's Mandate Crown and the immortal palace. As for Luo Zheng's life … they weren't interested in it to begin with.
But now, Yao's expression grew even more unsightly.
If they didn't kill Luo Zheng, how could they kill Xun?
The Demon Night Clan had always had a good relationship with the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Nearly a third of the Demon Night Clan's geniuses had gone through the Demi-Immortal Tribe's tests and trials before they'd made a name for themselves. Some returned to the Demon Night Clan, while the others remained in the Demi-Immortal Tribe …
If she killed Luo Zheng, the situation would become even more delicate. For a moment, Yao seemed to be caught in a dilemma.
"Hey, human brat, did you hear that? The Demi-Immortal Tribe will protect your life. If you obediently come out of the immortal palace, we'll spare you! If you don't come out, we'll sever the world's origin energy and trap you inside for a million years! You're a Divine Sea Realm cultivator with a lifespan of less than a hundred thousand years. Let's see how you deal with this! " One of the Celestial Venerables threatened. Although the Demi-Immortal Tribe had warned them, it wasn't easy for them to give up. They had an endless amount of time to waste on Luo Zheng.
"Heh heh, do you really think we'll be afraid of a single sentence from the Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Profound Demon Celestial Venerate sneered. "Let's see how long you can hide in there, human brat!"
However, as soon as the two Celestial Venerables finished speaking, Luo Zheng's expression turned cold. He turned to Afo and said, "I was a bit hesitant before. Since these fellows refuse to repent, I'll do as you say!"
Afo smiled faintly. "Master is too merciful. A few dead Celestial Venerables aren't worth mentioning, not to mention a few crowns of destiny. Things will only get more interesting from here on out."
As soon as he finished speaking, a streak of light shot out from the grain of sand. It was so fast that even the Celestial Venerables couldn't react in time!

Chapter 1166
This band of black and white light danced out in an instant. Its speed had already surpassed the limit of time!
By the time the Celestial Venerables reacted, the band of light had already linked the five of them together.
The Celestial Venerables present stared at the belt of light in a daze, as if they were still in a daze.
The band of light had been released from the pavilion at the center of the mansion. It was the Life Risking Melee that Luo Zheng had unintentionally triggered when he first ventured into the mansion!
Only one of the living beings linked by the band of light could survive!
"Does this Life Risking Melee also work on Celestial Venerables?" Luo Zheng asked, looking at the band of light outside the mansion. When Luo Zheng had entered the pavilion, he had been linked together with a group of Divine Illumination Realm cultivators. Divine Illumination Realm cultivators couldn't break free, but could it be that Celestial Venerables couldn't break free?
Afo smiled faintly. "Why wouldn't it work? They're mere Celestial Venerables, they've only borne a single strand of the Mandate of Heaven. They can't escape either! "
"Mere Celestial Venerables … they've only borne a single strand of the Mandate of Heaven …" Luo Zheng was speechless. From Afo's tone, it seemed he didn't take Celestial Venerables seriously at all.
"That's right. The Mandate of Heaven is nothing more than the laws of karma in the universe, the laws contained in the Life Risking Melee. Heh heh, if these Celestial Venerables can break free, then they'll be truly amazing …" Afo's expression was incomparably relaxed, as if he wasn't worried about the Life Risking Melee breaking free at all.
The five Celestial Venerables linked by the Life Risking Melee were Old Monster Darkdemon of the demon race, Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow of the demon race, Celestial Venerate Still Water of the demon race, and two other Celestial Venerables.
At this moment, these Celestial Venerables were indifferent, and Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow even smiled faintly. "This band of light seems to be a kind of restraint. I can feel that it's conveying some kind of intention."
"It wants us to fight each other, and only one can survive?" Old Monster Darkdemon froze for a moment, then a cold smile appeared on his face.
"How comical!" Celestial Venerate Still Water waved his hand lightly, and a ripple of water gently rippled. The ripple of water was about to cut the band of light.
However, when the water light passed by, the belt of light was still a belt of light, and the water light was still water light.
"Hmm?" Still Water frowned slightly.
The other Celestial Venerables also used their own methods, but this light belt that was only two fingers wide did not seem to be able to withstand any attacks. It continued to bind the five Celestial Venerables together!
The Celestial Venerables present also had strange expressions on their faces, but they still didn't take this belt of light seriously. In this universe, there were too few things that could threaten their lives. They were living beings that stood at the peak of all things! In the universe, other than Celestial Venerables and Celestial Venerables, there were only a few Super Divine Beasts that could threaten their lives.
But now, no matter what they did, this black and white belt of light still emitted a faint halo. There was no energy fluctuation transmitted, nor was there any reaction …
In the end, Old Monster Dark Demon was the Celestial Venerate with the longest lifespan. He was also the first Celestial Venerate to realize that something was wrong. His figure flashed as he tried to open up some distance, but the belt of light that bound him also extended with him …
Afo looked at Celestial Venerate Dark Demon in the sky and said indifferently, "The Life Extinguishing Melee binds an area of a hundred miles. He … can't leave that area."
A distance of a hundred miles was just a single step for an Celestial Venerate!
After Celestial Venerate Dark Demon rushed out a hundred miles, a strange scene occurred. A huge force suddenly appeared from the belt of light and dragged Celestial Venerate Dark Demon back.
Celestial Venerate Dark Demon's expression changed. He was well aware of how powerful he was. If he erupted with his full strength, he could easily shatter a star with a single punch.
But at this moment, no matter how much he struggled, he could not escape the range of a hundred miles!
After he was dragged back, he gathered his strength for a moment. Then, his eyes widened and an extremely terrifying power erupted from his body.
This power was enough to shatter half of a great world …
But after he rushed out of the range of a hundred miles, his fate was still to be dragged back!
Under this Life Extinguishing Melee, a hundred miles became the law of karma for these five Celestial Venerates. It was a law even more powerful than the law of karma. It was impossible to break free from it!
Seeing this, the remaining four Celestial Venerates who had been biding their time began to panic!
Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow, Celestial Venerate Still Water, and the other two Celestial Venerates also began to move in different directions!
The same scene occurred to the other four Celestial Venerates.
A hundred miles was like a pool of lightning. They were unable to take another step forward!
Huff huff …
The five Celestial Venerates gathered together once more. They could see the shock on each other's faces.
They had shouldered the Mandate of Heaven and represented the supreme law of karma in the universe. But this belt of light had already surpassed them, surpassing their understanding and imagination. Just what kind of power was this?
"If you want to undo this black and white belt of light, you five Celestial Venerates will have to kill each other. In the end … only one of you can survive." Luo Zheng's voice once again spread throughout the universe.
When Luo Zheng's voice spread out, it immediately shocked many creatures in the universe!
Now, the trillions of creatures in the universe roughly understood that many Celestial Venerates had besieged Luo Zheng …
Many martial artists were still sighing. What kind of person was this Luo Zheng? A mere Divine Sea Realm martial artist was able to attract so many Celestial Venerates to besiege him. If they could reach this step, even if they were killed by these Celestial Venerates, it would be worth it. How many people in the universe could do this?
But when they heard Luo Zheng's words, they were somewhat confused.
What did he mean?
Let the five Celestial Venerates kill each other? And … only one of them could survive?
How did this Luo Zheng do it?
In Misty Cloud Palace, when Yun Luo heard Luo Zheng's words, she immediately sucked in a deep breath of cold air!
Now that Luo Zheng was trapped, Yun Luo didn't do anything.
She never imagined that after sending Luo Zheng out to adventure, he would be able to find the Mandate of Heaven's Crown and provoke dozens of Celestial Venerates!
If these dozens of Celestial Venerates gathered together, they might be able to flatten the entire alliance she was in …
This was no longer a level that Yun Luo could meddle in. She couldn't help but sigh.
She had seen people that could stir up trouble, but she had never seen someone that could stir up so much trouble! If Luo Zheng had provoked some Divine Transformation realm powerhouse or even a World Lord powerhouse, she would have taken action without hesitation. But, the ones besieging Luo Zheng were Celestial Venerates, and dozens of them at that!
Now that she heard Luo Zheng's voice, Yun Luo was shocked once more. What did he mean?
Out of the five Celestial Venerates, only one could survive? He wanted to kill four Celestial Venerates at once?
How did this brat do this …
After Yun Luo cultivated the Million Spirit Multiplication Art, her heart was far stronger than an ordinary World Lord's. When one's martial arts reached the peak, cultivating the heart was even more important than cultivation. But at this time, her heart was like a raging tide, tumbling and tumbling, unable to calm down.
Yun Luo wasn't the only one that was shocked.
After Luo Zheng ascended, all those that heard of Luo Zheng's name were now filled with question marks.
For instance, Spirit Martial Holy Land's Hall Master Shen, Hall Master He, as well as the Holy Lord of Spirit Martial Holy Land …
For instance, Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's geniuses, Xue Muyang, Ai Anxin, as well as Ai Hu and the others that were still in Asura Yin World …
Luo Zheng's terrifying talent was something that they could only look up to, but in the end, they still viewed Luo Zheng as a martial artist on the same level. As a Divine Sea realm martial artist, even if he was slightly stronger, they could still accept it.
How long had it been?
In just half a year … this Luo Zheng was already able to contend with Celestial Venerates? From his tone, it seemed he wanted to kill four Celestial Venerates?
Those were four Celestial Venerates!
There were only a few of them in the entire alliance …
"Luo Zheng, just what did he do?"
On a star in the Western Heaven Region, Ai Anxin stood at the polar region of the star. Purple ice crystals were scattered all around her, and it was hard to tell what her expression was.
This person that she once viewed as her greatest rival had already grown to such a degree?

Chapter 1167
This kind of conflict wasn't something ordinary cultivators could participate in.
Yun Luo wasn't qualified, and neither was Xiao Daolai …
Just because they weren't qualified didn't mean they weren't paying attention.
The three great factions of the human race — the Human Alliance, Gods Without Thought, and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region — were all paying close attention.
The Fiend Night Clan, the Demon Race, the Heavenly Immortal Tribe, and the myriad races of the upper realm were also quietly watching …
It could be said that the entire universe was paying attention to this place. On this day, they would deeply remember a name, and the owner of that name was only a Divine Sea realm cultivator.
The five Heavenly Venerates' expressions gradually darkened.
The other Heavenly Venerates also didn't look too good when they saw the black and white belt of light. At the same time, they felt a faint sense of relief that they hadn't been caught up in the belt of light!
The situation in front of them had suddenly become troublesome!
Among the five Heavenly Venerates, only one could survive …
These five Heavenly Venerates were closely related to the other Heavenly Venerates. For example, Old Monster Dark Demon and Heavenly Venerate Profound Demon were from the same clan. If Old Monster Dark Demon made a move, Heavenly Venerate Profound Demon would definitely make a move as well.
If Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow made a move, the Fiend Night Clan's Monarch Yao Yao wouldn't just stand by and watch …
If they really wanted to fight to the death, the price and involvement would probably become very large. It might even cause the entire universe to fall into chaos.
The problem was that they'd paid such a high price and gotten nothing in return. How could the Heavenly Venerates be willing to accept this just because they'd been tricked by Luo Zheng, a Divine Sea realm cultivator?
The Heavenly Venerates' thoughts raced. They didn't choose to make a move. Instead, they all looked at the grain of sand in unison. The black and white belt of light had shot out from this grain of sand.
Old Monster Dark Demon had a faint smile on his face. In a flash, he appeared in front of the grain of sand. He wanted to open his mouth, but he didn't know what to say …
As a Heavenly Venerate, Old Monster Dark Demon was in a difficult position to plead with a Divine Sea realm cultivator. After mulling it over for a while, Old Monster Dark Demon said, "Luo, Luo Zheng, is it?"
"Heavenly Venerate Dark Demon? What's the matter? "
Luo Zheng's faint voice resounded through the universe.
Old Monster Dark Demon raised his head to look into the deep skies. In his heart, he cursed 18 generations of Luo Zheng's ancestors. Was this brat afraid that the beings of the great worlds wouldn't know that he was begging him?
After all, life was more important than face.
The other four Empyreans also cautiously looked over. They wanted to see the result of the negotiation between Old Monster Dark Demon and Luo Zheng.
"What kind of desperate battle is this? I think we should just forget about it. Can you remove this black and white light?" Old Monster Dark Demon said to Luo Zheng in a negotiating tone.
The characters of the fiend race were originally arrogant and ruthless. Even ordinary martial artists found it hard to be so amiable, let alone an Empyrean level character? Old Monster Dark Demon had indeed thrown caution to the wind …
"Remove it? Haha … This Life Risking Battle was originally not under my control. Naturally, there is no way to remove it. "Luo Zheng responded again, his voice still resounding throughout the universe.
Before releasing the Life Risking Battle, Luo Zheng had once asked Afo whether this Life Risking Battle could be removed after it was released.
The answer he got was negative. Ah Fu then told Luo Zheng that this life-or-death battle was set up by his master. Unless he personally came, there was no way to remove it. Otherwise, only one person would be able to survive after being connected by the light belt.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Old Monster Dark Demon took a deep breath. His complexion immediately became incomparably gloomy. "You mean …"
"Only one person can survive. No, only one Empyrean can survive. There is no other path." Luo Zheng's faint voice once again transmitted from the Heavenly Dao. The complexions of the other four Empyreans also sank. This answer was not the one they needed.
Empyrean Still Water's eyes already revealed a faint killing intent. If only one person could survive, then the only one who could survive was himself! In this situation, it was best to make the first move!
Of course, it wasn't just Empyrean Still Water who had killing intent in his heart. The other Empyreans were also the same …
The lives of Empyreans were too precious. They had endured to the peak of the martial way with great difficulty, and had finally shouldered the Mandate of Heaven with great difficulty. But now, they were actually killed by Luo Zheng. No one was willing to die like this.
If you want to die, then die. The one who survives must be me. These five Empyreans all had such thoughts in their hearts.
But they were still waiting …
After all, they only had a one in five chance of surviving. At this moment, they still wanted to confirm whether or not there was another way to break this Life Risking Battle. If there wasn't, then they could only make a move.
So at this moment, the atmosphere in the deep space below the middle Heaven Domain became very subtle!
Although Old Monster Dark Demon had a faint smile on his face as he communicated with Luo Zheng, he was actually also secretly vigilant. Once they made a move, he would still have the strength to protect himself.
"What if the five of us Empyreans stayed here?" After thinking for a moment, Old Monster Dark Demon proposed a second idea.
This black and white belt of light connected the many Empyreans, but it didn't disturb their minds. What if they lived in harmony with each other?
The lifespan of an Empyrean was unimaginably long. If they stayed here for over a million years, would this belt of light be able to bind them for another million years?
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng turned his eyes to Afo. After Afo explained to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng activated his roar command once more …
"The color of this black and white belt of light is time. When the white color of this belt of light completely disappears and this belt of light completely turns black, then the five Empyreans … will all die!"
As Luo Zheng spoke, the eyes of the Empyreans gathered on this black and white belt of light once more. This belt of light was black and white, each occupying half of the area. But if one looked carefully, they could see that these two colors were quietly changing!
The white of the belt of light was slowly being eroded by the black!
At the beginning, the black and white of the belt of light were equally divided. But before long, the black color had already occupied 60% of the belt of light while the white color was constantly shrinking. Now, there was only 40% left.
"How long?" Old Monster Dark Demon asked again.
"Three hours …" Luo Zheng replied.
Whether or not this black belt of light could take the lives of the five Empyreans, no one could say for sure. But at the same time, no one was willing to take such a risk. So when Luo Zheng's voice fell, some Empyreans couldn't hold back and attacked!
The first to make a move was Still Water Celestial Master. A faint water ripple appeared on his body, and a faint water-colored halo appeared behind him. An extremely terrifying aura radiated from him!
"Whoosh!"
Empyrean Still Water's first target was actually Old Monster Dark Demon!
Empyrean Still Water made a move against Old Monster Dark Demon after careful consideration. He was a middle Empyrean and his strength was slightly stronger than the four Empyreans in front of him.
If there were only five Empyreans and no more than twenty Empyreans watching, his chances of winning would undoubtedly be the highest. But behind Old Monster Dark Demon was Empyrean Profound Demon. Empyrean Profound Demon was also a middle Empyrean and his strength was not any weaker than Empyrean Still Water.
Empyrean Still Water would face Old Monster Dark Demon sooner or later and Empyrean Profound Demon would definitely help him. Rather than leaving Old Monster Dark Demon to the end, he might as well kill him first. If he killed Old Monster Dark Demon with a thunderous momentum, Empyrean Profound Demon would also be enraged, but he might not attack!
So he chose Old Monster Dark Demon at the first moment.
"You!"
Among these Empyreans, Old Monster Dark Demon was most wary of Empyrean Still Water. He had a plan in mind. Once these Empyreans were almost done killing each other, Empyrean Profound Demon would attack together with him. This way, his chances of winning would be much higher!
But Old Monster Dark Demon didn't expect Empyrean Still Water to be like a madman and find him first. Naturally, his face was filled with shock and anger.
And when Empyrean Still Water moved, Empyrean Broken Shadow also attacked at the same time!
As for the remaining two Empyreans, they weren't slow either!
When Empyreans attacked, their might was terrifying!
When these Empyreans fought, just the aftershocks of their attacks were enough to shatter a great world.
Not to mention that they were still restricted within a range of a hundred miles.
"Rumble …"
Following an explosion that resounded throughout the middle heaven domain, the curtains to the life and death battle of the five Empyreans finally opened.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1168
When the battle began, nearly 20 Empyrean Exalts all retreated at the same time, afraid of being caught in the crossfire.
As for Yao, Profound Demon Empyrean, and the other Empyrean Exalts, not only did they not retreat, but they also charged forward …
Starting from the realm of Sector Lords, it was very difficult to determine a victor in a battle between fighters.
The reason was very simple, Sector Lords had basically all comprehended Space Shift. They might not be able to defeat their opponents, but escaping wasn't difficult.
With a single Space Shift, they would appear millions of miles away in the next instant!
There had been two Sector Lords who had chased after them for more than ten years, and they had practically covered over a hundred thousand great worlds …
As for Empyrean Exalts, it was even more ridiculous. It was possible to determine a victor in a spar between Empyrean Exalts, but if the other party wanted to escape, killing them was almost impossible!
Unless multiple Empyrean Exalts joined forces, or a few upper Empyrean Exalts with the strongest Karma Law!
But now …
The five Empyrean Exalts were trapped within a hundred mile radius of the battle.
No matter what method they used, be it Space Shift or Mystical Movement, they couldn't break free of the light binding them, nor could they leave the hundred mile radius.
Since the beginning of this Era Evolution, something like this had probably never happened before!
Therefore, the battle within this hundred mile radius was exceptionally fierce!
Luo Zheng and Xun stood in the immortal estate, quietly looking at the sky. The immortal estate was a grain of sand at the very center of the battle!
In the sky, all sorts of illusory colors and light flashed. Apart from that, nothing else could be seen …
Luo Zheng couldn't understand a battle of this level at all!
He could only roughly tell that the extremely profound water laws came from Still Water Empyrean, and that the figures being torn apart should be Yao Ye clan's Broken Shadow Empyrean, and that …
Even if he couldn't understand, even if he could only distinguish the power of laws, the balls of light in front of him still gave Luo Zheng a very strong shock.
As for Xun, she was very excited …
"Will Yao die here?" Xun said faintly.
If Yao died here, it would be a relief for Xun, even though Luo Zheng promised her that he would help her kill Yao.
She knew that Luo Zheng would definitely do something he had set his mind on. However, Xun did not want Luo Zheng to take the risk. She did not want Luo Zheng to take the risk.
She was the Queen of Slaughter, and her will had been tempered through slaughter. The Faith Energy she had absorbed was mainly about slaughter, and it contained the most primitive killing intent of the Yao Ye Clan. Yet now, she was slightly hesitant and even slightly indecisive.
It's a pity that the Life Ending Battle light belt didn't bring Yao into it …
This belt of light was set up by the owner of the immortal abode and was not controlled by anyone. It was completely an idea that Afo came up with on the spot, so it was normal that Yao was not included in it.
"Boom!"
Bang!
"Buzz buzz …"
All sorts of noises could be heard from the blazing light.
Space collapsed and was annihilated piece by piece …
The range of some of the aftershocks was unimaginable!
For example, the Light of Still Water Celestial Lord's' Light of Still Water 'was an arrow of light about three feet wide but infinitely long. Every time the Light of Still Water was released, it would extend infinitely toward both ends. One end would pierce the top of the deep space, all the way to the top of the universe, while the other end would pierce through the deep space and pierce into a large world. Who knows how many innocent creatures would suffer...
Another example was Empyrean Darkdemon's' Dark Star Fist '. Every time he punched out, a massive black hole would form in the air. When the black hole appeared, it would suck in all the surrounding energy, including light!
Every Empyrean was fighting to the limit!
But how tenacious were the vitality and defensive power of an Empyrean? Even after withstanding such a terrifying attack, not a single Empyrean died.
Two hours later …
The Heavenly Dao began to tremble once more …
The twenty-some Empyreans outside of the battle all looked up at the same time, shock and astonishment on their faces.
Although they couldn't see the situation clearly, they knew that an Empyrean had already fallen!
When an Empyrean died and the Mandate of Heaven lost its position, it would cause the Heavenly Dao to shake!
Not long after, a new Heaven's Will would turn into a crown and randomly appear in any corner of the universe.
One hour later …
The Heavenly Dao began to tremble once more …
"The second Empyrean has fallen." In the core Sacred Land of the Human Dao Alliance, Empyrean Cloudfox's eyes were filled with disbelief. The boy Cloudfall favored had really killed Empyreans, and he'd already killed two!
An incense stick of time later …
The Heavenly Dao shook once more …
The third Empyrean had fallen.
Less than half an incense stick of time later, the fourth Empyrean had also fallen!
An Empyrean could live for over a hundred million years. If they used some other methods, it wasn't too difficult for them to live for two hundred million or even three hundred million years.
It had been a long time since an Empyrean had fallen.
But today, in a short four hours, four Empyreans had fallen. They'd died from internal strife. Strictly speaking, they'd been killed by Luo Zheng!
Yao's legs were pressed together as she drifted through space.
Although her expression was calm, she was in a very sorry state …
Overusing the power of faith was actually a great blow to her body.
A crack two fingers wide had appeared on the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand, and the Vast Sky Armor she wore was also riddled with scars.
The breastplate on her chest was mostly cracked and the spikes on her shoulder armor were all broken. The boots that covered her legs were completely torn apart and there was a shocking wound on one side of her thigh. Blood flowed out from the wound and dripped down to her toes. Drop by drop, the blood dripped down. Before the blood fell into the Great World, it would be dried up by the wind and dissipate into the wind.
She'd done her best, but she hadn't been able to save Empyrean Broken Shadow.
In truth, Empyrean Broken Shadow was the third Empyrean to fall. After his death, Yao had left the center of the battlefield. The battle there was too fierce, and even she couldn't withstand the frenzied attacks of several Empyreans.
She'd personally come, but not only had she failed to kill Xun and obtain the Crown of Destiny, but she'd also lost Empyrean Broken Shadow's life.
From then on, the Fiend Night Clan had lost another Empyrean. The old president of the Council of Elders was dead, but losing another Empyrean had a huge impact. When she returned to the Fiend Night Clan, she'd likely be questioned by the other two Empyreans.
Yao exhaled deeply. At this moment, a strong sense of helplessness rose in her heart. That little ant called Luo Zheng and Xun were so close to her, but she couldn't do anything to them!
Could she only give up for now …
Yao was truly unwilling to give up.
She wasn't the only one who was unwilling to give up.
Four of the five Empyreans had fallen!

Chapter 1169
Among the five Celestial Venerables, the only one who survived was Celestial Venerable Still Water.
Even the surviving Celestial Venerable Still Water's aura was waning, and his face was as pale as paper.
As a middle Celestial Venerable, he might be slightly stronger than the other four Celestial Venerables, but in that kind of chaotic battle, his own strength was no longer important. The only reason he could survive was because of a trace of luck.
At this moment, Celestial Venerable Still Water looked at the grain of sand with lingering fear. He had to admit that Luo Zheng did have the capital to be arrogant, relying on this Immortal Mansion!
All the Celestial Venerables deliberately maintained a certain distance from the grain of sand, lest they be swept up by the dual-colored belt of light again.
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's face was gloomy. Just now, in order to rescue Old Monster Dark Demon, he also rushed into the battle. Unfortunately, not only did he fail to save Old Monster Dark Demon's life, he also suffered heavy injuries.
However, unlike the other Empyreans, he did not stay far away from this grain of sand. Instead, he approached it alone. On that gloomy and cold face, there was a trace of a sneer. "What a great life and death battle. It truly has unimaginable power. However, with me here alone, I wonder what's the use of your life and death battle?"
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon was also probing.
He already knew that this Desperate Melee was just a formation that allowed bound beings to kill each other. This type of formation was not rare in the Upper Realm, and all the major races had them.
For example, a Hundred Spirits in One Formation. If over a hundred people stepped into it, only one could survive. Moreover, this person could absorb the flesh and blood of others to strengthen their own body. This was a formation used by the Demon Race to cultivate slaughterers. The only person who survived was an elite of the race!
Another example was the "Feast of Slaughter". This was a formation of the Upper Realm's Blood Spirit Race, and its effect was about the same as the Hundred Spirits in One Formation.
However, ordinary formations had no effect on Celestial Venerables or even Realm Lords.
Just now, even Celestial Venerables couldn't break free from the black and white belt of light. This was the most unbelievable part!
Looking at the overbearing Celestial Venerable Profound Demon, Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile.
"It's indeed useless. However, what's the use of you standing here? A dignified Celestial Venerable standing guard here all the time? "Luo Zheng retorted.
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon snorted. "There's no need for me to stand guard here....... of me.. Realm......... and I....... and I.....
... and.. and... and.. and.
This brat killed four Empyreans. This was a heinous crime. How could they tolerate it? . So.......... and, they let.
. if.......... was...... was. was.. had. was.... was. could... could.... could couldn couldn '''s' '..... was...... was.
...... was. was. one.... was............
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's suggestion was seconded by many Celestial Venerables. After a brief discussion, they decided to send a Realm Lord from their respective clans to stand guard here.
Amongst everyone, the one with the strongest killing intent towards Luo Zheng was naturally Yao. She immediately summoned Tong Tong and Youyou Meng. The two of them had been thrown out by Old Monster Dark Demon, but they had not left. They had been maintaining a considerable distance from the Empyreans, observing the situation! They rushed over when they heard the King's summons.
They were the first to see the mini Immortal Mansion. After they forced Luo Zheng out of the Wheel of Samsara, Luo Zheng stepped into the mini Immortal Mansion.
However, at that time, the two of them didn't take the mini Immortal Mansion seriously. Since the two of them could break the Reincarnation Plate, they could also break the mini Immortal Mansion. Unfortunately, Old Monster Dark Devil beat them to it. At that time, the two of them were filled with despair and self-blame. After all, they couldn't complete the mission given to them by their king.
As the situation developed bit by bit, the two of them suddenly realized that the mini immortal mansion was a complete and utter trap. Not to mention the two of them, even the Celestial Venerables had been tricked by this immortal mansion! Four Celestial Venerables had died.
When they were summoned by Yao, Celestial Venerables were leaving.... These Celestial Venerables said that they would send a Realm Lord to stand guard when they returned to their clans.
However, their true intentions were as clear as day!
Sending a Realm Lord to guard the Immortal Mansion was a small matter. These Celestial Venerables had other goals.
Four Celestial Venerables had died today. It wouldn't be long before the Crown of Heaven's Will, which had disappeared along with the Celestial Venerables, appeared in a random corner of the universe.
Luo Zheng's mini Immortal Mansion only had one Crown of Heaven's Will. Moreover, the Crown of Heaven's Will didn't come from a legitimate source. After all, it was the 129th Crown of Heaven's Will in the universe. But now, there were four empty Crowns of Heaven's Will.
Four Crowns of Heaven's Will could create four Celestial Venerables. It was enough to change the fate of many clans.
Serene Dream and Cislars-cutting Eyes were also somewhat reluctant to be arranged here by Yao.
They were both Great Realm Lords. Their greatest dream was to become Celestial Venerables and obtain the Crown of Heaven's Will. Now that Yao had sent them here to guard Luo Zheng, they naturally wouldn't have a chance to fight for the Crown of Heaven's Will. Even in the Fiend Night Clan, there were thousands of Realm Lords who wanted to be bestowed the Crown of Heaven's Will. The two of them had the best chance.
Although they were unwilling, they couldn't disobey the King's orders.
After Yao made these arrangements, she left without saying a word.
This was a defeat she couldn't accept. In the first round of confrontation after Xun's return to the Upper Realm, she had lost a Celestial Venerate. And she hadn't even seen Xun's shadow!
When she returned to the Fiend Night Clan, she would likely be questioned by the Council of Elders. Even the other two Celestial Venerables would ask her about this. If she wanted to make up for her losses, the only way was to take back the Crown of Heaven's Will. The Fiend Night Clan had to get a share of the four Crowns of Heaven's Will!
All of the Celestial Venerables left in a few hours.
The Middle Heaven Region returned to silence once more.
Under the Wheel of Heavenly Dao, the universe was also silent …
Returning in defeat in front of a Divine Sea realm brat was an indescribable humiliation. No one was willing to use the Roar Command at this moment.
Serene Dream stood guard in front of the grain of sand. He didn't attempt to attack it. Even Celestial Venerables couldn't break through this spatial magic treasure, so Serene Dream couldn't either.
Just in case, Serene Dream even put a distance of several hundred miles between himself and Scissors. Otherwise, if a life-or-death battle of light swept over and engulfed the two of them, one of them would die.
At this moment, a faint luster appeared on the surface of the grain of sand. The originally slowly rotating grain of sand began to rotate rapidly, gradually unfolding and transforming into a palm-sized mini Immortal Mansion. The mini Immortal Mansion continued to expand, rapidly expanding and growing.
Serene Dream stared at the constantly changing Immortal Mansion until it returned to its original size. He looked at this divine artifact Immortal Mansion.
Both he and Scissors had extremely complicated looks in their eyes. They couldn't help but sigh inwardly. There was actually such a supreme treasure in this universe.
Whoosh …
When the Immortal Mansion returned to its original size, it continued to flee toward the north.
Serene Dream and Scissors exchanged a look from afar, then followed behind the Immortal Mansion. Their goal wasn't to destroy the Immortal Mansion, but to "trap" Luo Zheng in it. Wherever the Immortal Mansion went, they would follow!
Inside the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had already entered a meditative state and began a new round of cultivation.
The power of the Immortal Mansion came from his master, the first Immortal Mansion Master. It wasn't his own power.
He couldn't stay in the Immortal Mansion forever like a coward.
However, Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's suggestion did cause some trouble for Luo Zheng. If they really sent Realm Lords to guard outside the Immortal Mansion, it would be tantamount to isolating Luo Zheng from the rest of the world. He wouldn't be able to take a single step out of the Immortal Mansion.
Luo Zheng couldn't think of a way to break the Immortal Mansion. If he left the Immortal Mansion now, he would be instantly killed by the two Realm Lords of the Fiend Night Clan. He could only let the Immortal Mansion move toward the North Horizon Region and take one step at a time.

Chapter 1170
"Hehe, I seem to have missed out on something interesting …"
It was the laughter of a young girl.
Luo Zheng had heard this voice before. The first time he used the Roar Command, this young girl had responded to him and even sang a beautiful ballad.
After that, this young girl seemed to have been silent for more than a year.
Unexpectedly, at this time, the young girl's voice once again resounded throughout the universe.
"It's nothing. I was just besieged by a bunch of Celestial Venerables," Luo Zheng replied using the Roar Command.
Besieged by a bunch of Celestial Venerables …
Luo Zheng's indifferent tone instantly left countless intelligent creatures in the universe speechless.
As for the Celestial Venerables who were rushing back to their clans, they all had indifferent expressions on their faces. They were naturally extremely angry at this moment, but so what if they were angry? They couldn't pull Luo Zheng out of that spatial magic treasure, so they were still helpless.
This guy not only had an indestructible spatial magic treasure, he also had an unlimited number of uses of the Roar Command. They couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could still shout all day long in the universe!
The Celestial Venerables felt sullen like they had never felt before!
"Amazing!" the mysterious girl praised.
"It's just so-so," Luo Zheng's voice was indifferent. After he finished speaking, he placed the Roar Command in front of him.
If it wasn't necessary, Luo Zheng wouldn't respond to this mysterious girl. He didn't have any connection with this mysterious girl, and the two of them had only communicated once through the Roar Command.
However, Luo Zheng understood that the Roar Command in this girl's hand should be the same as his own, and could be used infinitely.
Luo Zheng's Roar Command was passed down from his master, and it wasn't a product of this cycle of Heavenly Dao. The Roar Command in his hand was the same as the Immortal Mansion, a product that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
Thus, Luo Zheng guessed that this mysterious girl wasn't someone from the universe …
She might also be an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
The only reason Luo Zheng wanted to communicate with her was to track down Luo Yan's whereabouts!
"Only average? This is a group of Celestial Exalts, the supreme existences of the universe. Let me see, without those few Heavenly Wills, hmm … the Heavenly Wills of Shadow, the Heavenly Wills of Darkness, the Heavenly Wills of Strength, and the Heavenly Wills of Earth, without those four … you're really amazing!"
When the mysterious young girl said this, all the Empyreans in the universe, including the unknown Sector Lords, changed their expressions!
The origin of this mysterious girl had always been a mystery …
Previously, when she was bored, she would only use the Roar Command to sing to trigger the Beast Tide.
In any case, many of the Empyreans knew that this mysterious girl's background was absolutely extraordinary. She was definitely a character that they couldn't afford to offend. But, they knew too little about her. Moreover, no Empyrean was so idle as to waste their Roaring Tokens on meaningless conversations with her. There weren't that many Roaring Tokens in the universe. At critical moments, there would never be enough Roaring Tokens.
But in front of them, this mysterious girl had casually pointed out these four Heavenly Wills. This had a completely different meaning!
To shoulder the Heavenly Wills was in truth to shoulder the Karma Laws of the universe. An Empyrean that shouldered the Karma Laws had absolute authority in this domain and controlled the limit of the Laws.
The Heavenly Wills of Shadow was the crown of Heavenly Wills that Empyrean Broken Shadow had shouldered. Thus, Empyrean Broken Shadow controlled the most powerful 'Shadow Division Technique' in the universe. In theory, he could infinitely divide his own shadow and fill the entire universe …
However, while this method could be used to exterminate an entire race or even slaughter a great world, it wasn't too useful to other Empyreans.
After all, no matter how many shadows there were, they couldn't compare to the strength of the main body. This couldn't be blamed on Empyrean Broken Shadow's own strength, but the Heavenly Wills he shouldered were relatively weak. For instance, in the battle between the five Empyreans just now, although Empyrean Broken Shadow had created countless shadows and was constantly moving through them, these shadows were drawn into the attacks of the other Empyreans just as they appeared and were completely annihilated.
As for the Heavenly Wills of Darkness, they controlled the limits of the Dark Laws. The Heavenly Wills of Rebirth and the Heavenly Wills of Earth each had their own wondrous uses, but in the end, they were still considered relatively weak Karma Laws.
After these four Empyreans perished, the Heavenly Wills were removed from the Heavenly Dao and transformed into four new crowns of Heavenly Wills.
Within these new crowns of Heavenly Wills, a new Heavenly Wills would be born, a new Karma Law.
And within these new crowns of Heavenly Wills, the Heavenly Wills would not be repeated. This new Karma Law might be a lower Karma Law, but it might also be a higher Karma Law!
If a World Overlord were to inherit a higher level Karma Law, then that World Overlord was likely to become the strongest upper level Empyrean in the universe. This possibility was far too terrifying. It could directly change the fate of an entire race …
The Demi-Immortal Race used this rule to rise from a first class race to a super first class race!
At the start, the Demi-Immortal Race had two Empyreans, but one of them had a Karma Law called the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth!
The Karma Law of Rebirth was able to bring the dead back to life.
This Karma Law couldn't be considered too formidable. After all, this Karma Law didn't have much of an effect in battle.
But at that time, an extremely powerful World Lord appeared within the Demi-Immortal Race. Within the Talent Pagoda, this World Lord obtained the title of 'Golden Demi-Immortal'. This World Lord had been waiting for the chance to shoulder the Heavenly Wills.
After waiting for nearly 200,000 years, an Empyrean finally perished. This World Lord had also been waiting for this chance. The Demi-Immortal Race seized the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth and allowed this World Lord to shoulder the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. But the result was not satisfactory.
This was because what he received was a lower Karma Law. It belonged to the lower Karma Law category. In his entire life, he would only be a lower Empyrean …
Thus, the Demi-Immortal Race killed him.
Then, the Empyrean with the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth resurrected him.
After he died, the Heavenly Dao shook and the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth dissipated. After he was resurrected, he returned from an Empyrean to the World Lord realm.
Not long after, the dissipated Heavenly Wills of Rebirth appeared once more. It was captured by the Demi-Immortal Race once more and was used to shoulder the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. But this World Lord was still not satisfied. The Heavenly Wills of Rebirth he received a lower Karma Law!
Killed again, resurrected again, shoulder the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth …
The Demi-Immortal Race took full advantage of this rule and 'spawned' all sorts of bizarre Heavenly Wills of Rebirth.
For example, there was the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth that could see through all souls. There was also the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth that could control the movements of the stars. There were all sorts of bizarre Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. There was even a Heavenly Wills of Rebirth that was the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. With this Heavenly Wills of Rebirth, one's voice could be heard anywhere in the universe. There was no need to use the Writ of Rebirth. The Writ of Rebirth was a good thing, but for a grand Empyrean to only have this little use was a bit too much.
Most Heavenly Wills of Rebirth didn't have much use. Or rather, in the eyes of the Demi-Immortal Race, they didn't have much use.
After thirteen cycles, the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth disappeared thirteen times. On the thirteenth cycle, the Demi-Immortal Race finally spawned a higher Karma Law. It was the strongest Karma Law in the universe, and it allowed this World Lord to become an upper Empyrean!
In the end, he became the Clan Chief of the Demi-Immortal Race, and led them to this day ….
After the Demi-Immortal Race used this rule, other powerful races fought to imitate them. For example, the Devil Race, the Demon Race, and the Human Race all wanted to use this method to create an upper Empyrean.
Resurrecting the dead was difficult, but if a race paid a high price, they could do it. They just wouldn't do it as casually as the Demi-Immortals.
After the Human Clan's' Gods Without Thought 'obtained the Crown of Heaven's Will, they also elected a Realm Lord to carry the Heaven's Will and become an Empyrean. In a situation where they were not satisfied with the Heaven's Will, they killed the Realm Lord and resurrected him. In the end, they discovered that they could not resurrect the Realm Lord …
In addition to the Gods Have No Thoughts, the Devil Race and the Demon Race also did the same thing. In the end, they all came to the same conclusion: once a World Lord was killed, he couldn't be resurrected!
The same method, but the results were completely different!
After many Empyreans thought about it, they came to the same conclusion. It seemed that after the Demi-Immortals used this rule to 'cheat', the Heavenly Dao had changed its own rules so that this loophole no longer existed.
But this also pointed to a problem. The Heavenly Dao itself had its own thoughts, and it was constantly repairing itself.
Or, it could be said that there was someone managing the Heavenly Dao. When this person discovered this loophole, they changed the rules of the Heavenly Dao so that the Empyreans couldn't use this method to obtain the upper Karmic Law!
Who was this person? Where was he?
The answer had always been a mystery ….
But from what this mysterious young woman said, it seemed she knew the Heavenly Wills like the back of her hand!
Was she the manager of the Heavenly Dao?
When they combined this with the fact that her singing was able to cause a beast tide to erupt from a hundred thousand great worlds, as well as her unlimited use of the Roar Command, the Empyreans all came to the same conclusion.
Luo Zheng didn't know that the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth involved so many problems. It was only after Smoky explained the analysis to Luo Zheng that he realized what was going on!
If this mysterious young woman was the manager of the Heavenly Dao, he would have directly asked her … but before he could speak, the other Empyreans couldn't hold themselves back.
"Little girl, you weren't present at the scene, so how do you know which Empyreans died and which Heavenly Wills dissipated?" An Empyrean used the Roar Command to ask.
The mysterious young woman giggled. "Do you want to know?"
"Yes …" The Empyrean said.
"Don't worry, I won't tell you," the mysterious young woman replied. Then, she added, "You bunch of old fogies, you won't shamelessly beg me, right?"
As these words were spoken, the Empyreans scattered throughout the hundred thousand great worlds all revealed looks of anger. But in the end, they didn't act out. These young people were each more rude than the last, each more abnormal than the last. Whether it was Luo Zheng or this mysterious young woman, they were all existences that couldn't be provoked.
"Heh …" Hearing the mysterious young woman's answer, Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
"What are you laughing at?" The mysterious young woman turned her spearhead towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and said, "I'm not laughing at anything, but I have a request."
What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that before he could ask, the young woman spoke first. "You're looking for Luo Yan, right?"
This answer caused Luo Zheng's heart to beat several times faster. She seemed to know something!
"Yes, I'm looking for a woman called Luo Yan. Do you know of her existence?" Luo Zheng quietly asked. Although his voice was calm, he was actually very excited. Moreover, this excitement was difficult to conceal!
But the mysterious young woman's answer left Luo Zheng disappointed.
"I don't know. But last time in the universe, you said that you were looking for Luo Yan." The mysterious young woman seemed to sense Luo Zheng's emotions and her voice contained a hint of pride.
This time, not only were the Empyreans angry, but even Luo Zheng wanted to gnash his teeth at her …
Xun coldly snorted. She looked towards the deep sky and said, "Don't bother with her. She's just another idiot woman!"
Luo Zheng shrugged and prepared to put away the roaring token. He didn't expect that the mysterious young woman would speak again. "But I can help you ask around. But there's a condition!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1171
Help me ask? Condition?
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Just as he was about to put away the Roaring Token, he froze.
Then, he grabbed the Roaring Token and activated it again!
"You can help me?" Luo Zheng asked excitedly.
"Mm, I'm just helping you ask … I can't guarantee that I can find this Luo Yan." The mysterious girl's voice rang out again.
"You said you have a condition. What is it?" Luo Zheng asked again, his tone a little nervous.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was weighing the pros and cons in his mind. What kind of condition would this mysterious girl ask for?
As long as it was within his power, Luo Zheng would do his best to do it. It was just that he could not leave the immortal estate right now. The mysterious girl had entrusted him with some matters, and he was afraid that he would not be able to complete them. This way, it would still be quite troublesome for Luo Zheng, but the method was still thought of by people. How could he easily give up when it involved Luo Yan?
The mysterious girl was silent for a while, then giggled. "My condition is to tell me a story. It's too boring to stay here!"
"Plop!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's forehead was directly pressed to the ground.
He slowly raised his head, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
Xun shrugged again and said expressionlessly, "I already said, this is an idiot woman …"
Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Naturally, there were more than a hundred Heavenly Venerables, hundreds of thousands of realm lords, and trillions of living beings in the universe.
"Using the Roaring Token to tell a story. Is there anything more extravagant than this in our universe?"
"I'm afraid only Luo Zheng can do this, right? Most Heavenly Venerables only have a hundred Roaring Tokens. I'm afraid that before the story is finished, the Roaring Token will be gone. "
"Indeed, she knows how to pick people. But how bored must this woman be to make such a request …"
The big and small races in the universe were also stunned by this woman's request!
What he didn't know was that this mysterious girl was indeed bored to death in the universe …
Luo Zheng rubbed his forehead and took a deep breath. Although this request was extremely ridiculous, he could still fulfill it.
No matter what this woman's identity was, since she had a way to help him find out the whereabouts of Luo Yan, let alone telling a story, even if it was a mountain of swords or a sea of flames, he would still rush forward without hesitation!
Others might find this request very difficult. After all, the number of Roaring Tokens was too rare. For Luo Zheng, this was not a difficult task.
This story had to be told …
He took a deep breath and prepared for a while.
Luo Zheng had read a lot of poetry and books. He had read a lot of rare books, such as "The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants" and "The Legend of Demons and Ghosts". Although it was a long time ago, he still remembered some of them.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to open his mouth, he frowned slightly. He could still remember some of the general contents of these stories, but it was still difficult to tell them from the beginning. After all, Luo Zheng had embarked on the path of martial arts after childhood. Even if he were to read books, he would not read those fabricated legends!
That's right …
In the blink of an eye, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
His own memories might not be reliable, but he still had the memories of the Vast Thousand Worlds!
In that mass of memories, there were all the memories of the Vast Thousand Worlds. In these memories, he could easily find some stories.
After a thought flashed through his mind, the memories of these stories were like a wave, gushing towards him in an endless stream. Moreover, there were a lot of stories that even Luo Zheng himself had never read or heard of.
In the Vast Thousand Worlds, the stories that circulated the most widely were naturally the stories that were most popular.
The name of this story was "Yue Nu Wang Qing". I'll choose this one!
Thus, Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Token and said, "If you can really help me find the whereabouts of Luo Yan, I will naturally tell you this story!"
"En," the mysterious girl responded faintly.
"A long time ago, there was a mountain called the Yue Nu Mountain. At the foot of the Yue Nu Mountain …"
This "Yue Nu Wang Qing" was a story that was widely circulated in the four Divine Kingdoms a thousand years ago. Luo Zheng had never read it before. Now, he recited it word by word according to the memories in his mind. His faint voice resounded throughout the entire universe.
Although Luo Zheng was telling the story to the mysterious girl, the creatures in the entire universe were naturally unable to avoid the sound of the Roaring Token. Thus, trillions of creatures had no choice but to listen to Luo Zheng's story …
A single person telling a story to all the creatures in the universe. Since ancient times, this was probably the first time such a thing had happened!
Luo Zheng recited the story bit by bit according to the memories in his mind. Gradually, he became immersed in the story …
In all fairness, this story was indeed very fascinating!
It told the story of a Yue Nu Wang Qing's husband who was framed by a scoundrel, and the Yue Nu Wang Qing's revenge story was very tight.
Just like this, Luo Zheng spoke for two hours. In these two hours, he had only told a small part of the story …
"Under the Yue Nu Wang Qing's sword, an unforeseen event suddenly occurred …"
When the story reached this point, it entered the most critical moment.
All the creatures in the universe passively listened to Luo Zheng's story. Perhaps some of them, because of their different cultures and languages, were unable to distinguish what Luo Zheng was saying.
However, the vast majority of creatures still listened to the story in their hearts. Not only ordinary mortals, but even Divine Sea Realm experts, World Lords, and many Heavenly Venerables stretched their necks to listen to Luo Zheng's story …
After this abrupt end, the universe returned to tranquility …
Luo Zheng didn't know that when he stopped, many creatures in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds began to curse!
"Motherf * cker, the story stopped here halfway. Isn't this playing with us!"
"If you want to continue, then don't say it. If you want to say it, then finish it!"
"I don't have a Roaring Token. If I had a Roaring Token, I would definitely curse this guy …"
"It's just a made-up legend. Is there a need for all of you to be so excited?"
Luo Zheng stopped not because he couldn't continue, but because Mu Mingxue had left the Book Collection Pavilion and was walking towards Luo Zheng, asking him for advice on a cultivation problem.
The mysterious young girl was very patient and didn't rush him.
But after a while, another voice sounded out in the universe. "And then? What unforeseen event occurred with the Yue Nu Wang Qing's sword? "
This was the voice of an Empyrean …
After listening to half of the story, this Empyrean was unable to endure the itch in his heart. He actually used the Roaring Token to question Luo Zheng.
Empyreans were also mortals who had walked step by step to become Empyreans. They hadn't reached Divine Transformation yet, so although their mental states were much stronger than ordinary martial artists, this twisting and turning story was still able to move the strings in their hearts.
Hearing this Empyrean's question, Luo Zheng was also taken aback. Only then did he realize that there were other people besides the mysterious young girl listening to his story. Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Wait a moment, I'll tell you the story later."
"Can you hurry up? Don't stop at such a critical moment!" Another Empyrean used the Roaring Token to urge Luo Zheng to tell the story.
"What are you dilly-dallying for …" The voices of several Empyreans resounded throughout the universe as they took turns to urge Luo Zheng.
"What are you all rushing for? This story was told to me by Luo Zheng. He can tell it whenever he wants to. What right do you all have to say?" The mysterious young girl actually spoke up for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't be bothered to pay attention to the urging of these Empyreans. He calmly discussed with Mu Mingxue for about an hour before raising the Roaring Token again.
"Continue! After that unforeseen event, the Yue Nu Wang Qing also threw her life to the back of her mind … "
The story of "The Yue Nu Wang Qing" took six hours to recount. When it came to the extremely moving and tragic plot at the end, even Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart. The cultivation and strength of the martial artists in the Vast Thousand Domains might not be enough, but to be able to write such a story, they were also people with great talent.

Chapter 1172
Many "listeners" in the universe were thinking about the story Luo Zheng was telling …
Of course, not all creatures liked to listen to these things.
Many warriors needed to cultivate in seclusion and couldn't be disturbed. When they reached a critical point in their cultivation, a single thought could cause them to go berserk.
The sound of the Roaring Command could be said to be pervasive in the universe. Whether it was deep underground or deep in the sky, it could be transmitted without any hindrance. This sound was irresistible.
Normally, it was fine for Empyreans to use Roaring Tokens. They didn't have many Roaring Tokens in their hands. It was possible that one Roaring Token would resound throughout the universe in a day, or it might be quiet for ten days to half a month. Even so, for some martial artists undergoing tribulation or breaking through bottlenecks, it was still a considerable risk.
But now …
Luo Zheng used the Roaring Command to tell a story, and it lasted for several hours.
It was quite a torture for these warriors.
Some warriors even gave up on cultivating, but in the end, they still felt resentment towards Luo Zheng.
However, these warriors might not be able to afford a Roaring Command in their lifetime. Even if they were angry, Luo Zheng couldn't hear them.
Not long after today's story, Luo Zheng heard a clanging sound behind him. He saw Refined God Zi rushing towards him at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, he used his claws to grab Luo Zheng's arms. He said in an extremely excited tone, "Luo Zheng …"
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
"I, I …" Refined God Zi kept gesturing, as if he couldn't even speak clearly. After a while, he said, "Can you open the crafting workshop? The Book Immortal said you can do it! "
After opening the crafting workshop, he would have to go to the True Extinction Path again. Every time he passed a stage, Luo Zheng would be able to obtain a token.
Luo Zheng's cultivation and strength had improved a lot. He was confident that he could go one step further on the True Extinction Path, or even two more steps …
However, the tokens obtained by exploring the True Path of Extinction were randomly distributed. In addition to the Weapon Refining Workshop, there were also Alchemy Rooms, Cultivation Pagoda, and so on. Even Luo Zheng couldn't guarantee this.
Thus, he smiled faintly and said, "This time, when I return to the immortal residence, I will definitely explore the true path of extinction again. However, I cannot guarantee that I will be able to open the weapon workshop."
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Lian Shenzi sat down on the ground. Even though his expression couldn't be seen from his metal head, he looked very depressed.
"What's wrong? How much did you gain in the Book Collection Pavilion? "Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Lian Shenzi suddenly stood up and said excitedly, "Yes! Oh my god … "
One sentence couldn't express Lian Shenzi's excitement. As a refiner of the previous universe, he was naturally a very conceited person, arrogant to the point of insanity.
At first, when he was reading the books on weapon refining, he didn't think much of it. The immortal residence was a miraculous thing but in Lian Shenzi's eyes, the owner of the immortal residence was too wasteful. Using great resources to pave the ground and build walls was like a cow chewing on peonies. The degree of waste was outrageous.
However, as he flipped through these books on the Dao of Weapon Refinement, he was immediately immersed in them and was unable to extricate himself.
Lian Shenzi himself was an extremely intelligent person. In the path of weapon refining, he had proposed many bold ideas. However, being able to propose these ideas didn't mean they could be realized.
When he flipped through these ancient books, he found that many of his ideas were actually real. Moreover, not only did the other party complete his ideas, but he also perfected them a lot more than what he had imagined …
After all, these books and inheritances came from outside the universe, above the Heavenly Dao!
When Refined God Zi came out of these books, he felt dizzy. He was so shocked that he couldn't even stand straight.
Because of this, his interest in the weapon refining workshop was even stronger. However, he couldn't enter the workshop, so he could only stare at it.
However, at this time, the immortal reminded Lian Shenzi that Luo Zheng could open the workshop. Hearing this, Lian Shenzi ran out ecstatically and begged Luo Zheng to open the workshop no matter what.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse Lian Shenzi's request. When he brought Lian Shenzi into the immortal residence, he also wanted him to take control of the workshop.
Luo Zheng had already passed two stages of the True Path of Extinction. Luo Zheng, who had broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, had broken through to the True Path of Extinction. However, Luo Zheng couldn't guarantee what kind of token he would get.
After some preparations, Afo led the way. Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and Lian Shenzi followed closely behind. Naturally, Xun floated by Luo Zheng's side. They passed through the immortal residence's lobby and went straight to the True Path of Extinction.
When Luo Zheng first explored the True Path of Extinction, it was in the Lower Realm. At that time, Luo Zheng relied on the "Power Transfer", which allowed him to transmit power to any corner of the Great Thousand World.
It was also because of this that he passed the first two stages of the True Path of Extinction.
However, now that Luo Zheng had ascended to the Upper Realm, his connection with the Great Thousand World was weak. He could only rely on himself now.
However, Luo Zheng's strength was no longer the same as before. After his cultivation improved, his strength also increased greatly. Once again in this vast fog, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and stepped into the True Path of Extinction.
Luo Zheng already had four tokens in his hand. They were the "Xun" token to pass through the immortal residence, the "Zhen" token to open the True Path of Extinction, the "Gen" token to enter the immortal residence, and the "Kan" token to open the library.
Since the Eight Diagrams were the tokens, there should be four more tokens left on the True Path of Extinction. They were the "Li" token to open the workshop, the "Dui" token to open the alchemy room, the "Kun" token to open the cultivation tower, and the "Qian" token to open the cultivation tower …
To be able to obtain that token, it was also dependent on luck. Afo also said that there was a certain possibility of obtaining a duplicate token on the True Path of Extinction.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
As Luo Zheng slowly moved forward, the scenery around him gradually changed. Yin and Yang energies appeared again, entangling into human figures …
The Sacred Race …
A race with the same golden bloodline as the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Luo Zheng still didn't know what the connection between the two was, but the Sacred Race was indeed a perfect race.
These figures formed one after another, and the Sacred Race cultivators charged straight at Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp glint as he held the Thundergale Divine Sword in his hand. The sea of chaos within his body rippled as his strength began to surge like the tide!
During this pursuit, he relied on the Wheel of Samsara, the smoke, and the immortal residence …
As for Luo Zheng himself, he didn't contribute a single bit. Luo Zheng's cultivation was still too low, and he still needed to temper himself.
"Kill!"
With a light wave of his sword, dozens of ghostly shadows shot out from his sword. Each ghostly shadow charged towards the Sacred Race cultivators from different directions!
"Puff, puff, puff …"
When the phantoms closed in, they easily tore the Sacred Race cultivators to pieces, turning them into Yin and Yang energies that dissipated. Their efficiency was surprisingly high.
The beginning of the third stage of the True Path of Extinction wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng.
Just the phantoms alone were enough to tear the Sacred Race cultivators apart. Luo Zheng maintained a relatively high speed as he advanced.
But after about an incense stick's worth of time, the Sacred Race cultivators formed by Yin and Yang energies suddenly increased in strength. Almost all of them were at the late stage of the Divine Sea realm.
"Sacred Race elites?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
These Divine Sea realm Sacred Race cultivators were clad in golden armor with exquisite patterns engraved on it. They held various divine artifacts in their hands, clearly different from the Sacred Race cultivators he encountered before.
The phantoms released various fist moves, but they were much less effective against the Sacred Race elites. On the contrary, the Sacred Race elites could easily tear the phantoms apart and then surround Luo Zheng.
Facing the first Sacred Race elite charging at him, Luo Zheng casually swung his Thundergale Divine Sword!
"Ding!"
A crisp sound rang out, and Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise. His sword had been caught by the leading God Race elite with a trident!
He coldly snorted and gently flipped his longsword. The sword light was like lightning, circling around the Sacred Lord elite's neck. As golden blood spurted out, Luo Zheng's figure had already shuttled back a thousand feet …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1173
Luo Zheng's figure flew back and forth, and his sword light was like a wheel of light.
Although these Sacred Race elites had their own consciousness, and their moves weren't weak, Luo Zheng could still easily kill them.
In an incense stick's worth of time, he had walked through nearly half of the True Extinction Path!
Mu Mingxue, Lian Shenzi, Xun, and Afo stood at the starting point of the True Extinction Path, silently watching Luo Zheng's slaughter.
"In less than two years, master's cultivation speed isn't slow. Two years ago, master was only in the first layer of Life and Death realm." Afo commented. Two years ago, Luo Zheng had passed through the second section of the True Extinction Path without relying on his own strength.
Mu Mingxue secretly glanced at Afo. In two years, he had crossed a whole realm! Was this just not slow? This cultivation speed was already heaven-defying. In the past, she had spent an entire nation's worth of resources to break through to this realm …
Xun nodded indifferently, "It's indeed not slow, but it's still not enough. Isn't the Illusory Battlefield about to open? Before that, Luo Zheng still needs to improve his strength!"
As for Lian Shenzi, he stared at Luo Zheng without moving. He didn't care whether Luo Zheng had improved or not, or how much. All he cared about was the crafting workshop that he yearned for day and night!
Before long, all the Sacred Race elites had been wiped out by Luo Zheng ….
Strangely, the yin and yang Qi on both sides of the True Extinction Path didn't condense again, and Luo Zheng was running wildly on the True Extinction Path by himself.
"The third section's difficulty is this low?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of an opportunity to easily pass through the True Extinction Path. Since there was no resistance, Luo Zheng's speed increased a bit.
However, this situation didn't last long. Before long, the yin and yang Qi began to slowly flow and converge again. This time, all the yin and yang Qi converged at a single point, which then rapidly transformed into a human figure!
"He's here?" Looking at the figure, Luo Zheng's face turned solemn. The layout of the Path of True Extinction was both real and illusory. It was impossible for there to be such a flaw. This person must be very strong.
Not long after, the human figure became clearer and clearer. It was a young man in plain clothes. He was barefooted and did not have any weapons in his hands.
"Spirit Sea Realm? Early stage? "
Luo Zheng looked at him with a puzzled expression. This young man's cultivation was almost the same as his. Those Sacred Clan elites were all at the Spirit Sea Realm, and some of them were even at the later stage of the Spirit Sea Realm. Now, there was a warrior at the early stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, which confused Luo Zheng.
After the young man was fully formed, a strange smile suddenly appeared on his face, and then he began to run wildly!
"Whoosh …"
He was running on one side of the Real Dead End Path. As he sprinted forward, he approached Luo Zheng. His speed was even faster than Luo Zheng's.
"He's so fast?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. His grip on the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword tightened. As long as this young man dared to approach, he would immediately kill him!
Ten zhang …
Fifty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
"Ghost Shadow!"
When the young man crossed the distance of thirty zhang, Luo Zheng's Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword gently swayed. Instantly, seven ghost shadows appeared and shot toward the young man behind him.
"Haha!"
A chuckle came from behind him. The young man jumped up and twisted his body slightly.
Somehow, Luo Zheng felt his vision blurred, and the young man easily dodged the seven ghost shadows.
"What kind of movement is this? So strange!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was about to chop down the young man's head.
At this moment, the young man said, "Wait, don't rush …"
As he spoke, he reached out his hand and flicked Luo Zheng's sword!
"Weng —"
It was also a light flick. The force was not great, but the sword in Luo Zheng's hand began to vibrate rapidly. It almost made Luo Zheng lose his grip!
As the power of dragon scales swarmed over, the vibration of the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was forcibly suppressed. Luo Zheng retreated a few steps, the tip of his sword pointed downwards. Facing the young man, his face revealed a look of vigilance.
The young man saw Luo Zheng so fast and suppressed the power of his "flick". He was also somewhat surprised. Then, a faint smile appeared on his face. He said to Luo Zheng, "You are the new master of this Immortal Mansion?"
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked. This guy in front of him was also formed by yin and yang qi. But he seemed very special. Not only was his strength extraordinary, but he actually came to talk to him?
"Me? Haha … "The young man laughed.
But at this moment, Afo's voice floated into the Real Dead End Path, "Xian An, he is your junior brother."
Junior brother …
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. Master had taken in more than one disciple. This young man in front of him was master's other disciple? In other words, his senior brother?
The young man called Xian An's smile deepened, and he sized up Luo Zheng more carefully, "Haha, it seems that I was right to leave this wisp of soul here. I didn't expect master to take in a disciple in the end …"
As Xian An spoke, he seemed to have thought of something and suddenly said, "Wait! Since master is willing to take you in as a disciple, could it be that you have cultivated … the Secret Art of Primal Chaos? "He sized up Luo Zheng, his eyes revealing a look of disbelief.
The Master of the Immortal Mansion, for countless years, had only taken in two disciples. He also divided his life's unique skills into two parts and taught them separately. This Xian An should be Luo Zheng's second senior brother.
Xian An remembered master once said that after his two unique skills found their inheritors, he would not take in any more disciples in the future, unless there was someone with a physique suitable to cultivate the Secret Art of Primal Chaos. Master always kept his word. Since Luo Zheng had become master's third disciple, then this person in front of him must have cultivated the Secret Art of Primal Chaos!
Luo Zheng stared at this "second senior brother" indifferently. His face was indifferent, but in his mind, he was weighing their strength.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was difficult to find a match among the Divine Sea Realm warriors. But this person in front of him gave Luo Zheng a faint sense of danger.
"Answer me, junior brother! You really cultivated the Secret Art of Primal Chaos? "Xian An stared at Luo Zheng, still wearing a faint smile on his face.
"There's no need to tell you," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Xian An smiled, put his hands together and squeezed them. He chuckled and walked slowly towards Luo Zheng. "Interesting, interesting. Master's new junior brother seems to be very arrogant … Although my body is just an illusion of Yin and Yang Qi, and although my cultivation is only at the Divine Sea Realm, I think junior brother shouldn't be able to get past me! If junior brother respectfully salutes me and dispels my doubts, I'll let you pass, okay? "
As he spoke, he was getting closer and closer. He was only a few feet away from Luo Zheng.
"This proposal sounds good," Luo Zheng smiled, "But … it's still necessary!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng's sword light suddenly flashed, and the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword chopped down towards Xian An's head!
"Whoosh!"
"Ding!"
Xian An's feet were nailed to the ground. His body didn't move half a step, only slightly tilting his body. With a light sigh of his fingers, the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword trembled violently and flew out of his hand!
Luo Zheng seemed to have expected this move. He didn't chase after his sword, but instead crossed his hands. The power of ten thousand dragon scales poured into his fists. The power of this punch was boundless, and he didn't hold back in the slightest as he smashed it towards Xian An!
"Hehe, junior brother, I'm a member of the Divine Race. In terms of strength, the difference between you and me is …"
"Bang!"
Xian An didn't put Luo Zheng's strength in his eyes at all. He laughed as he tried to receive Luo Zheng's fists. Moreover, he only used one hand.
Xian An couldn't be blamed for being arrogant. The Divine Race was originally a perfect race, the origin of all living creatures. Humans were just a type of race born from the Divine Race, inheriting one of the Divine Race's advantages …

Chapter 1174
"Puff!"
A mouthful of golden blood spurted out.
The Yin and Yang energies were very special. The creatures they transformed were no different from the real thing.
Xian An stretched out his hand to wipe off the golden blood at the corner of his mouth, and his gaze towards Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression.
"Master's foresight has always been very unique!" Xian An laughed as he got up. He stretched his body, "Those who can be accepted as disciples by Master are all dragons and phoenixes among men. Senior brother is also the same. However, junior brother, you shouldn't be my opponent. I'll give you one more chance. Come and bow to me, your second senior brother, and then..."
Before he could finish his words, Luo Zheng turned around. With a thought, the longsword shot back toward him. Luo Zheng held the longsword in his hand and shot along the True Path of Extinction. He couldn't be bothered to listen to this guy's chatter.
Looking at Luo Zheng's departing figure, Xian An's eyes widened. Then he moved his legs and madly chased after Luo Zheng!
Ever since he became Master's disciple, Xian An had been bullied by his senior brother...
Unlike Luo Zheng, Master was in the prime of his life. He wanted to find a successor for his two great techniques.
Senior brother became Master's disciple only a hundred years earlier than Xian An. Because of this difference of a hundred years, he had been bullied by his senior brother for countless years. Until now, he had not been able to turn the tables!
If this continued, the possibility of turning the tables in the future was extremely small!
Now that he had finally found a junior brother, how could he let him go?
If he came in person, he would naturally be suspected of bullying the weak. With Xian An's true strength, one look was enough to kill Luo Zheng.
However, the body formed by the Yin and Yang energies was just right for the Divine Sea Realm.
"Don't run! Junior brother! " Xian An suddenly jumped up. His strange figure flickered in the air. He easily overtook Luo Zheng and arrived in front of Luo Zheng.
"Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng also jumped up. His arms circled around his side. His long sword fell slightly and then suddenly rose up.
In this sword strike, Luo Zheng's power was completely unleashed.
His situation was different from Xian An's, his only goal was to pass through the True Path of Extinction. Since Xian An wanted to find trouble with him, he could not be blamed for being ruthless!
Looking at Luo Zheng's sword, Xian An wore a calm smile on his face. Even though he was only at the initial stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, which was similar to Luo Zheng's cultivation, the difference between the two of them was too great …
"This sword is not bad at all! Master doesn't use a sword, so you must have comprehended it yourself, right? Under the Heavenly Dao … they are considered top-notch geniuses, hehe! "
Seeing the sword coming down on his head, Xian An still did not dodge. His hands crossed slightly, and it was the most common move, to meet the blade with bare hands!
A normal martial artist would be able to use this move if they were confident. But, this move required a perfect grasp of strength and the direction of the sword. It had to be precise to the extreme! If there was even the slightest mistake, both hands would be crippled …
Moreover, Luo Zheng was already a Spirit Sea Realm martial artist. Xian An had already recognized Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, but he still dared to snatch Luo Zheng's long sword with bare hands. He was extremely confident in his own strength!
The five feet long sword's edge pierced into Xian An's palms. The long sword went straight in, but its speed slowed down instantly.
One inch, five inches, nine inches, twelve inches …
When the long sword went in twelve inches, it was abruptly stuck between Xian An's palms. The tip of the sword stopped abruptly in front of Xian An's chest.
"Hehe," Xian An smiled, "With the cultivation of the initial stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, the strength you can unleash is comparable to the strength of a Peak God Realm warrior. Excellent, but far from enough!"
Luo Zheng's gaze sharpened. Not counting the Empyreans, World Lords, and those Peak God Realm warriors, this Xian An was indeed the strongest opponent he had ever faced in the same realm!
In the Human Dao Alliance, excluding those Empyrean descendants who lived in seclusion, Ai An was his strongest opponent. But Luo Zheng was still able to leave her far behind. But this Xian An's cultivation was also at the initial stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, yet he could snatch his sword with bare hands!
However, this battle wasn't fair at all. Xian An's strength had long since reached an unimaginable level. Even the Empyreans of the universe couldn't compare with him. For him to fight Luo Zheng like this was the same as a peerless powerhouse suppressing his strength to the same boundary to challenge Luo Zheng. Whether it was combat experience, strength, or comprehension of Laws, the disparity was far too great.
"Too much nonsense!"
Luo Zheng suddenly pulled out his longsword. After a swing, he once again stabbed at Xian An!
Xian An chuckled. Using the same method, he once again snatched the sword with bare hands. After clamping Luo Zheng's Thunder and Wind Divine Sword with both hands, his left and right palms gently rubbed together. The sword's hilt spun in Luo Zheng's hands!
Taking advantage of this opportunity, his ghostly figure approached Luo Zheng, and his shoulder suddenly collided.
"Bang!"
Under this collision, Luo Zheng was sent flying, but Xian An also retreated several steps. Once again, a look of surprise appeared on his face. "What a tough body!" He pinched his shoulder and let out a hiss. Then, he gently pinched it with his hand, and a crisp cracking sound rang out. The broken bone had been reconnected.
Then, he casually threw his longsword over, and it stuck in front of Luo Zheng. The sword's body shook incessantly. At the same time, he laughed, "What the hell, what is your body made of? It's actually so strong!"
How could Luo Zheng pay attention to this person?
In a physical confrontation, Luo Zheng had never been at a disadvantage, but under the collision just now, he was sent flying by this person!
This Sacred Clan … is really extraordinary. I originally thought that within the same realm, I was invincible. This Xian An's cultivation is only at the Divine Ocean Realm, but he can actually suppress me in the area I'm most proficient in …
He had also come to the same conclusion in his heart. The disciples that his master had taken in were indeed no small matter!
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that the current Xian An had already surpassed the Heavenly Dao. Even if it was above the Heavenly Dao, he was still an all-powerful figure! Although he was in awe, he wouldn't accept his fate. In Luo Zheng's mind, there was no such thing as' accepting one's fate '.
He flipped over, pulled out the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword again, and rushed towards Xian An once more!
"Bang!"
The same move, the same method, the same result!
Luo Zheng fell to the ground once more, and the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword stabbed into the ground once more.
After Luo Zheng crawled up, Xian An smiled and said, "Junior Apprentice Brother, you should accept your fate. You aren't even 30 years old, and your Senior Apprentice Brother is someone who has lived for several epochs. If I really am defeated by you, then I've really seen a ghost. My many years of life have been wasted on a dog's body. No, even a dog that has lived for so many years can become a spirit …"
As he spoke halfway, he suddenly stopped.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly became incomparably cold. A faint wisp of sword intent was attached to the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword, constantly swallowing in and out.
The terrifying aspect of the 'Yi God Sword' was that it was extremely powerful. After being sealed as an Empyrean, it could even injure a True Divinity!
But this wasn't the most terrifying aspect of the Yi God Sword. In the billions of years of the universe, countless geniuses had come up with countless wonderful martial skills. Among them, there was no lack of incomparably terrifying martial skills. When used in conjunction with an Empyrean's Mandate of Heaven, they might not be weaker than the Yi God Sword.
But when these heaven-defying martial skills were used, they either had to pay an enormous price or required an extremely long time to charge up!
When martial artists faced their enemies, they would take one step and break three steps. Martial skills that required a long time to charge up were also a major disadvantage …
But the Yi God Sword was very special. It didn't require charging up, and it could be used as one wished.
When Luo Zheng entered the state of severing his emotions, this sword suddenly shot out!
"You still dare to receive it head on?"
Just as his voice fell, Luo Zheng's sword had already arrived in front of Xian An.
Xian An could already see that Luo Zheng's sword was extraordinary, but as the Second Senior Apprentice Brother, how could he be afraid? He still stretched out his hands, intending to receive Luo Zheng's sword head on!
The sword was still received by Xian An!
But at the same time that he received Luo Zheng's sword, the sword intent left the sword and shot straight at him!
"Yi God Sword!"
This sword shot out explosively, capable of cutting the heavens, breaking through ten thousand Daos, and exterminating a True Divinity!

Chapter 1175
At this moment, the power contained within the sword intent caused his expression to change greatly, and he secretly complained in his heart.
Almost in an instant, he let go of the long sword in his hand, his body constantly leaning backwards, wanting to avoid this terrifying sword intent!
However, if this Sword of the God Yi Sword were to be used, it would contain an extreme amount of power that even Luo Zheng himself would not be able to control …
The sharp sword intent went straight for Xian An, entering his chest and coming out from his back without any pause. The golden blood bloomed like golden flowers, and then turned into black and white Yin and Yang Qi, gradually dissipating!
"You should've done this from the start!" Mu Mingxue watched from afar, her lips curled up as she let out a sigh of relief.
No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, in Mu Mingxue's heart, he was already undefeatable!
Luo Zheng couldn't fight against sector lords and empyrean level figures. But when did he ever lose to divine ocean realm and extreme god realm warriors?
Mu Mingxue's insight wasn't as good as Xun's, or even better than Refined Shenzi. Refined Shenzi was immersed in the art of refining, but he was also a sector lord back then.
Different heights meant different things. Refined Shenzi and Xun saw Xian An appear. Even though he was only divine ocean realm, he gave them a mysterious feeling. They also felt that Luo Zheng would be in trouble.
But how could Mu Mingxue see that?
She only saw this unarmed guy snatching Luo Zheng's sword two or three times, and Luo Zheng didn't even have the strength to fight back!
As she watched Luo Zheng suffer one setback after another, she was extremely nervous in her heart and hated Xian An as well. He called Luo Zheng Junior Brother but attacked so ruthlessly. This person was definitely not a good person.
However, it wasn't long before she saw Luo Zheng erupt with this shocking sword strike and injure Xian An, so she naturally felt happy in her heart …
Xian An's smile froze on his face!
Even though he was only divine ocean realm, how sharp was his insight?
The moment Luo Zheng's sword intent was released, he already knew that this sword intent was inherited from the emotion severing divine dao!
The emotion severing divine dao's specialty was to kill decisively. The moment the sword was used, all emotions would be removed …
But emotion severing divine dao could only touch the edge of divine dao after reaching sector lord realm! Even empyreans couldn't use it to the extreme. But Luo Zheng's sword seemed to contain a considerable amount of power!
Was this guy really only divine ocean realm?
Xian An even suspected that Luo Zheng was the reincarnation of a True God that possessed the memories and comprehensions of an entire lifetime!
Under Luo Zheng's sword, he glanced indifferently and a cold light appeared in his eyes again. His aura became cold again and it was difficult to feel a trace of warmth from his body. At the same time, on the edge of the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword, a wisp of constantly pulsing sword intent emitted a faint blue light.
He didn't give Xian An a chance, and the "Single Sword of God Yi" gathered a boundless force and shot towards Xian An …
"You … if you have something to say …"
Xian An used his hand to lightly pat the ground. His figure flashed and became erratic in Luo Zheng's eyes. It was as if he couldn't see clearly. He used his extremely strange escape technique to avoid Luo Zheng's sword!
"Pu!"
A few drops of golden blood dripped …
In the next moment, Xian An appeared beside Luo Zheng with a bitter smile on his face. "We can talk …" Before he finished, Xian An's expression changed again.
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. His eyes still flashed with cold light. Thunder Wind Ghost Sword drew an arc of sword light in the air. It was still God Yi's Sword, still had unparalleled speed, still had terrifying power.
Although Xian An's movement technique was extremely strange, he could only barely avoid his vitals each time!
God Yi's Sword could be called one of the most powerful sword techniques in the universe. Whether it was speed or power, it had reached the pinnacle of sword techniques.
If Xian An's original body was here, he wouldn't suffer any losses even if Luo Zheng attacked him tens of thousands of times. However, the current Xian An was only at the Divine Ocean Realm … dodging Luo Zheng's attacks was quite difficult!
"Pu!"
Another splash of golden blood bloomed on Xian An's leg. The wound was so deep that bone could be seen.
"I have something important to tell you. Can you stop … let's have a good talk!" Xian An's face revealed an anxious expression. However, his words had no effect on Luo Zheng! Now that Luo Zheng had entered the emotion-severing state, although he couldn't block all of his spiritual fluctuations, he wasn't interested in Xian An's nonsense.
"F * ck! This Primal Chaos Secret Technique is really abnormal … "Seeing that Luo Zheng was still attacking him with his sword, Xian An used his escape technique again to avoid Luo Zheng's God Yi's Sword …
Luo Zheng's God Yi's God Yi was indeed powerful, but Xian An didn't think much of it! What made him depressed was the Primal Chaos Secret Technique.
The reason was simple …
This God Yi's God Yi's sword technique had an extremely high requirement on the warrior's True Essence. The speed of True Essence consumption was outrageous!
A Divine Ocean Realm warrior who cultivated the True Essence system could only use it twice before having to stop to replenish his True Essence …
However, this guy in front of him didn't have True Essence in his body, but Primal Chaos Qi!
In his early years, Xian An heard his master mention that Primal Chaos Qi and True Essence were very similar in nature!
For example, True Essence could be visualized and materialized, while Primal Chaos Qi could materialize directly. True Essence could form a world inside the body and nurture life, while Primal Chaos Qi was the foundation of all things!
Because of this conjecture, his master hypothesized the Primal Chaos Secret Technique and was quite proud of it. This Primal Chaos Qi was thousands of times denser and denser than True Essence. Once cultivated, the Primal Chaos Qi inside the body would be thousands of times more than a warrior who cultivated the True Essence system!
Later, after he finished compiling the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, his master sighed and said that no one in the universe could cultivate this Primal Chaos Secret Technique. If he did meet such a person in the future, he would definitely take him as his third disciple …
Therefore, Luo Zheng was able to unleash strike after strike without any hesitation. He unleashed the "Single Sword of God Yi" without pause, while Xian An did not even have the time to speak. He could only flee like a rat.
Streaks of sword intent pierced through the Path of True Extinction. It was like an invisible saber, cutting countless cracks in the ground. Luo Zheng walked slowly, closing in on Xian An step by step …
Every time he stabbed out, there would be more golden blood on the ground, and more wounds would appear on Xian An's body!
Afo, who was watching the battle, was also surprised. As a "high level" puppet, his appearance wasn't much different from a human's. His expression was more colorful, but he said, "I didn't expect Xian An to be suppressed by Luo Zheng!"
Mu Mingxue looked at Afo curiously, thought for a while and said, "Isn't that normal? After all, Luo Zheng has weapons, that person … is unarmed and is only in the Divine Sea realm. "She wanted to say that Xian An, who was in the early stage of the Divine Sea realm, could fight Luo Zheng like this, which was already very good. But she was in the Immortal Abode and could faintly feel that this place was extraordinary, so she didn't want to refute Afo.
Afo smiled faintly, "You don't understand. Xian An has the blood of the Sacred Clan. Even in the Sacred Clan, he is a top existence. How can someone who was accepted as a disciple by master be weak? How can he be treated as an ordinary Divine Sea realm martial artist? "
The "master" that Afo mentioned was naturally Luo Zheng's master …
Xun, Lian Shenzi, and Mu Mingxue didn't know Xian An's background, but Afo knew very well!
As someone who surpassed the Heavenly Dao, the current Xian An, even in the world above the Heavenly Dao, could stand on his own. Even though he was only in the early stage of the Divine Sea realm, which was the same level as Luo Zheng, his strength should be much stronger than Luo Zheng!
But Afo was just expressing his feelings. If master knew that Luo Zheng had such strength, he would be very pleased. As for the battle on the Path of True Extinction, Afo naturally wouldn't stop it.
"Puff …"
Another stream of golden blood burst out!
More than half of Xian An's body was cut into pieces by Luo Zheng, turning into streams of Yin and Yang energy and gradually dissipating.
Only his head and the upper half of his body were left lying on the ground, but there was no room for him to dodge …
But Luo Zheng's attack slowed down. He walked in front of Xian An, squatted down and asked, "Speak, now we can talk."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1176
Luo Zheng's goal was to pass the third section of the True Extinction Path.
And this fellow was the one who had tried to snipe him in the third section …
Although Luo Zheng also believed that this fellow was his second senior-apprentice brother, Luo Zheng didn't hold back in the slightest.
This fellow was too strong. Once he was given a chance, Luo Zheng would likely be defeated by him!
Now that this' second senior-apprentice brother 'didn't have any room to resist, it was a good time to talk.
Looking at Luo Zheng's smiling face, Xian An rolled his eyes. He wasn't happy at all. "How can you treat your senior apprentice brother like this!"
He had been bullied by his elder senior-apprentice brother for countless years. Now that he had met a junior apprentice brother, he had thought that he would be able to turn things around. But now he was treated like this. How could Xian An not be depressed?
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. "You want to talk about this?" As he spoke, Luo Zheng had already raised the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword in his hand, as if he would cut down at any moment.
"No, it's not that …" Xian An was really depressed.
Luo Zheng paused for a moment before asking, "What do you want to talk about?"
"Aiya, your senior apprentice brother is doing this for your own good! Who told you to be my junior apprentice brother? "Xian An said, still depressed." If elder senior-apprentice brother knew of this, I'm afraid he would punish me again! "
Luo Zheng still looked at Xian An, not speaking.
"I saw that when you entered the immortal mansion, you only practiced the 'Primal Chaos Secret Arts'. Did the other cultivation methods come from the library?" Xian An asked.
Luo Zheng nodded. Although he didn't know how Xian An had seen through this, Luo Zheng really hadn't chosen any cultivation methods from the library.
The library contained all sorts of martial arts. Even transcendent divine mights weren't rare. Luo Zheng believed that the best cultivation method was the one that suited him. When he entered the library, besides the 'Primal Chaos Secret Arts', he had only searched for source Laws to meditate on …
"Aiya, what a waste! This is just guarding a mountain of treasure … "Xian An said, curling his lips.
"Your body is disappearing. Can you speak quickly?" Luo Zheng reminded him.
The Yin and Yang energies transformed into Xian An's body. Due to the severe damage, the small half of his body above his chest was slowly turning into Yin and Yang energies and dissipating …
Xian An himself did not mind at all and only said, "This wisp of my soul is unable to divine your fate! But if his master's disciple couldn't even cross the Heavenly Dao, then that would be a joke! But to be honest … if you only rely on your Emotion Severing Divine Dao, the difficulty of crossing the Heavenly Dao is still unimaginably great! Since Master isn't here, Senior Brother will guide you on behalf of Master! "
"His neck is about to disappear," Luo Zheng reminded him expressionlessly.
The small half of Xian An's body had almost completely dissipated. Even his neck was slowly dissipating, turning into Yin and Yang Qi.
"I know!" Xian An didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "I don't need you to remind me!"
"Then why are you spouting so much nonsense?" Luo Zheng said.
"…" Xian An fiercely glared at Luo Zheng, gnashing his teeth. Then, he said, "A long time ago, I heard Master mention that when combined with the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, there are some cultivation methods that can undergo a qualitative change. Since Master isn't here right now, I can recommend several cultivation methods to you. You can enter Immortal Mansion and choose from them. These basic cultivation methods are the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy Book, Thunder Calamity Annihilation, and Eight Song Flying Smoke …"
"These three are all transcendent divine mights?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xian An's face revealed a disdainful expression. "Transcendent divine mights? Only those fellows in this universe would dare to call themselves' transcendent '! Hehe … these aren't transcendent divine mights, so your Senior Brother can't say for sure. I only want to tell you that in the past, your Senior Brother also relied on these three cultivation methods to travel unhindered through the universe and cross the Heavenly Dao. As for you … although you are a bit lacking, you shouldn't be too far off! "
As he spoke to here, his entire head began to disappear. It turned into yin and yang energies, completely dissipating!
But just as it dissipated, a point of light appeared from the yin and yang energies. It circled around Luo Zheng, and then a consciousness entered into Luo Zheng's mind. "Work hard and climb up. Your Senior Brother will be waiting for you. Once you reach the top, I will have a good look at you! Hahaha … "
Then, the point of light began to rapidly rise, rising higher and higher until it reached the pink enchantment at the top of the Immortal Mansion. Then, it completely disappeared …
… …
… …
Above the Heavenly Dao, in the endless Divine Realm.
Within the dense fog, there was a glittering jade palace.
At the top of one of these jade palaces, there was a blue ox kneeling there. On the back of this blue ox sat a small boy.
This boy held a flute in his hand. He placed it near his mouth and was softly playing …
Not long after, in the distance, a figure rapidly leapt up from the jade palaces, waving towards the boy!
"Elder Senior-apprentice Brother! Elder Senior-apprentice Brother! "
The figure leapt up and landed on the jade palaces where the boy was!
"Boom!" A loud sound rang out. Even the tiles on the top of the jade palaces were smashed.
"Moo …"
Perhaps it had frightened the blue ox, which let out a dissatisfied cry of protest.
The boy put down the flute in his hand and stared at the person with an unfriendly gaze. He said coldly, "Junior Brother, why are you so flustered?"
"Hehe, Eldest Senior Brother, I have a Junior Brother!" The person laughed shamelessly.
Hearing this, the boy's face revealed an astonished expression. "Junior Brother? You mean … Master has found a suitable person to practice the Primal Chaos Secret Technique? "
"Yes! But … that guy is only at the Divine Ocean Realm. He's still struggling under the Heavenly Dao! "
The person who spoke was Xian An!
However, Xian An was only his nickname. His real name was Yu Shenfeng! Even in the endless Divine Realm, he was a well-known figure.
"Divine Ocean Realm …" The boy's face revealed a thoughtful expression. He pinched the flute at his waist, stretched out his fingers, and gently pinched! A mysterious halo of light spread out from his palm!
Even an Empyrean couldn't recklessly calculate the fate of someone in the universe … unless the person being divined was standing right in front of them. Only then could this calculation be completed. When the Crown of Heaven's Will was divined, it was because there were very few Crowns of Heaven's Will and there were very few variables that allowed them to calculate the specific location!
However, this boy was trying to calculate Luo Zheng's fate.
After the faint halo rose, it slowly rose. The boy's fingers kept pinching, but his face revealed a puzzled expression. He could not calculate it!
When the halo completely disappeared, the boy waved his hand again. Another halo spread out, and he continued to calculate!
"Eh …"
The boy's face revealed a surprised expression. "This person seems to be a Fateless One? I can't calculate his fate! "
"A Fateless One?" Xian An's expression changed slightly.
"Under the Heavenly Dao, there's nothing I can't calculate except for a Fateless One … Now, there's only one explanation." The boy stared at his fingers and frowned. Then, he coldly glared at Xian An and said, "You cultivate the Heavenly Eye Divine Ability. A strand of your soul can see through the fate. Since you met this junior brother in the Immortal Mansion, why didn't you investigate?"
"This …" Xian An's face revealed an innocent expression. "Eldest Senior Brother, I guided junior brother in choosing a cultivation method!"
"Useless fellow!" The boy gently patted the green ox. The green ox struggled a few times and stood up. "I'll go to the Forgotten Love Pavilion …"
After it finished speaking, the green bull moved its four hooves and soared into the sky.
At this time, Xian An slapped his head and said, "Eldest Senior Brother, there's one more thing. That guy seems to be walking the Emotion Severing Divine Path!"
"Emotion Severing Divine Path?" The boy turned his head and revealed a pondering expression. "Isn't he only at the Divine Sea Realm?"
Xian An shrugged. "I find it strange too. He comprehended a lot of the Emotion Severing Divine Path. My soul clone condensed to the Divine Sea Realm cultivation, but it was destroyed by his sword intent!"
"Really useless …" After speaking, the green ox carried the boy and quickly left.
Looking at the departing figure of his eldest senior brother, Xian An's face was gloomy. He sat down on the top of the jade pavilion and revealed a resentful expression …
For countless years, he had been despised by his eldest senior brother. He was already used to it.

Chapter 1177
Luo Zheng was running at full speed on the True Path of Extinction.
The second half of the third section of the True Path of Extinction was secretly changed by Xian An. Xian An himself was the only test.
Now that Luo Zheng had defeated him, the Yin and Yang energies no longer condensed. Without any resistance, Luo Zheng easily passed through the remaining section.
Not long after, Mu Mingxue, Refined Shenzi, and the others appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
After passing through the True Path of Extinction, a white light flashed in the sky and slowly descended. It was an immortal mansion token …
Luo Zheng and the others focused on the token, their eyes indifferent.
Refined Shenzi screamed, "Token! Is this the token to open the crafting workshop?! "
The one who was most concerned about the result of the True Path of Extinction this time was none other than Refined Shenzi …
Afo said indifferently, "Aside from the Qiankun and Qiankun tokens, the other six tokens are all possible. The Li token is needed to open the crafting workshop. There's only a one in six chance."
"One in six!" Refined Shenzi screamed. The probability wasn't too high, but it made him excited. His metal head kept shaking.
Luo Zheng's lips curled up. To Luo Zheng, as long as the token wasn't the same, it was fine …
As the token slowly descended, Luo Zheng reached out and caught it in his palm. He flipped the token over.
"What is this? What token is this?!" Refined God Zi waved his pair of sharp claws, dancing with joy, looking particularly excited.
Luo Zheng turned his hand, smiling as he pointed the token at Refined Shenzi. The front of the token was engraved with a big "Li" character.
"Hahahaha …" Refined Shenzi suddenly laughed wildly. "It really is the Li token! I, Refined Shenzi, am unstoppable. How can the heavens not follow my will … "
Mu Mingxue, Xun, and even Afo couldn't help but roll their eyes at Refined God …
This immortal mansion was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, something that was above the Heavens. It had nothing to do with Shenzi Shenzi's fate!
In terms of luck, this was Luo Zheng's luck.
After receiving the Li Writ, everyone moved back to the main courtyard of the Immortal Mansion. Following the path in the pavilion, Luo Zheng activated the Li Writ in his hand, and the door of the Equipment Refining Workshop was opened.
Luo Zheng was the first to step in, and Lian Shenzi impatiently followed behind Luo Zheng …
After entering the Equipment Refining Workshop, Luo Zheng looked around and his face revealed a look of surprise.
All sorts of materials were placed around the crafting workshop. There were stacks, piles, and all sorts of materials.
"These materials …" Luo Zheng saw a pile of wood not far away. The wood had been cut into inch-long blocks, and the strange thing was the growth rings on the wood. They looked like strange ghost heads.
Luo Zheng wasn't proficient in the art of refining. Although he felt a special power from the wood, he had no idea what it was.
He wasn't the only one. Mu Mingxue didn't know either. Xun's knowledge was much higher than Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue's, but she didn't know what it was either …
He wanted to grab one, but before he could reach out, Shenzi Shenzi's sharp cry rang out.
"Stop!"
"Clang, clang …"
After screaming, Shenzi Shenzi quickly squeezed to Luo Zheng's side, then reached out his hand and said in a trembling voice, "This, this is … the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood!"
If time went back for a while, Shenzi Shenzi wouldn't be able to call out the wood's name …
During this time, Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi had been reading about the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood from the books in the library!
"What's the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood?" Luo Zheng asked.
Shenzi Shenzi continued in a trembling voice, "This tree has no bark or leaves! It only has a bare trunk! "
"How can it grow without bark or leaves …" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
"Hahaha … I learned about the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood from the library. It's a legendary item! I didn't expect it to really exist!" Shenzi Shenzi said excitedly, "The Chaos Dead Spirit Wood relies on the countless souls buried beneath it to grow! Although it didn't have leaves or bark, it had roots that could absorb nutrients from the corpses. The Chaos Undead Spirit Wood grew at an extremely slow rate. For example, the Chaos Undead Spirit Wood in front of him would need at least three hundred million years to grow from the seedling stage! It also needs to absorb trillions of souls to survive. My god … This kind of tree really exists! "
The difficulty of growing the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood was beyond imagination …
Not only was it slow to grow, but it was also a very fragile tree that could only survive by absorbing souls. Therefore, it had to keep burying corpses beneath it!
It would be fine if it took a few hundred years. Some large races and holy lands could bury the corpses of their martial artists under the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood to become its food.
However, the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood in front of them needed hundreds of millions of years to grow …
What did hundreds of millions of years mean?
Even a Heavenly Venerable's lifespan was limited to that …
Moreover, there couldn't be any mishaps during these hundreds of millions of years. The slightest mishap would cause the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood to wither and die.
The difficulty of growing the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood was obvious.
Some time ago, Shenzi Shenzi found the records of the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood in the books. He didn't think it was possible for something like this to exist in this world. Even a Heavenly Venerable couldn't cultivate it. The slightest mishap during these hundreds of millions of years would result in a false hope!
But now, this pile of Chaos Dead Spirit Wood appeared in front of Shenzi Shenzi. Shenzi Shenzi was so excited that he couldn't believe his eyes!
Seeing the indifferent expressions of Luo Zheng and the others, Shenzi Shenzi impatiently explained the origin of the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood …
"But what's the use of this?" After Luo Zheng heard this, he looked at the piece of wood curiously. This Mixed Yuan Dead Souls Wood was indeed something with a great background. After hundreds of millions of years of careful care, it was impossible for something like this to appear in the universe.
Shenzi Shenzi laughed and proudly said, "This Chaos Dead Spirit Wood can burn the most perfect flame! Chaos Primordial True Flame! This is one of the most perfect flames! "
"The most perfect flame?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Now was the time for Refined Shenzi to show off. He was already more knowledgeable than the others when it came to crafting materials, not to mention that his knowledge had expanded by more than ten times after reading so many crafting books in the library.
"Yes, one of the three most perfect flames. The perfect flame here means that these three flames are the most suitable for weapon refinement!" Shenzi continued: "There are two other perfect flames outside of Chaos Primordial True Flame. One is Yang Spring Essence Flame and the other is Divine Flame … These two perfect flames can't be obtained so easily. Yang Spring Essence Flame is said to only exist in Yang Spring while the other Divine Flame is said to be born in a Divine Flame Cauldron!"
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in Shenzi Shenzi's display.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed when Shenzi Shenzi mentioned the Divine Flame Cauldron.
The black flame in the Divine Flame Cauldron was a Divine Flame? One of the three perfect flames?
Lian Shenzi didn't notice Luo Zheng's strange look. He continued to talk about his knowledge, even though he didn't know much about it. He didn't have much time to learn …
However, Shenzi Shenzi's eyes suddenly fell on a cauldron not far away!
"Pa …"
He casually tossed the Chaos Origin Undead Spirit Wood in his hand, and then rushed toward the crafting furnace with clangs!
The cauldron was placed in a corner of the cauldron. It had a very unique design, thin at the bottom and thick at the top. It looked like a big wine pot, but at least it lacked the spout.
When Lianshenzi pounced on the furnace, he opened the side of the furnace and a rainbow light shot out. The furnace was still burning, and there was a red-hot sword embryo inside!

Chapter 1178
This sword embryo was a piece of star jade iron. When Refined God Zi's eyes fell on it, it was as if he was glued to it, unable to look away.
The sword embryo was a crude embryo, and after absorbing the flames of the furnace for countless years, it began to emit a rainbow light!
The process of refining was extremely complex.
There were many steps to the forging of a sword, and the higher the grade of the weapon, the more troublesome the refining process!
And the most important step was smelting!
There were many unimaginable materials in this world. For example, this "Star Jade Iron Essence" was taken from a type of star called the "Dark Star". This type of Dark Star was very small in size and did not emit light. Even finding a Dark Star was extremely difficult.
However, the matter on this dark star was extraordinarily heavy.
Often, a fingertip sized material would weigh as much as a hundred thousand mountains!
Such a heavy piece of material was almost indestructible …
If one obtained a piece of star jade iron, it would be difficult to even preserve it. After all, it was too heavy …
In the past, a peerless powerhouse had once taken a piece of Star Jade Iron from a dark star. But, there was no way to store Star Jade Iron. When this piece of Star Jade Iron fell to the ground, it directly penetrated through the ground, forming a small hole. And, the depth of this hole was unknown!
Storing star jade iron was indeed a big problem. Someone once tried to put this piece of star jade iron into Sumeru Space, but the terrifying weight instantly caused Sumeru Space to collapse.
But methods were thought of by people, and martial artists always had to overcome one problem after another!
Someone used a slightly weaker material to create a bracket. The star jade iron was placed at the top of this bracket, and then the bottom of the bracket was made of three hundred thousand giant logs. This rectangular base had eight million divine runes condensed on it …
The weight of the Star Jade Iron was supported by the brackets, and the brackets transferred the weight to the huge chassis. At the same time, 8 million divine runes were activated, and these divine runes were used to reduce the pressure from the upper part of the chassis!
Even so, when the star jade iron was placed on the bracket, the base still sank a few hundred feet into the ground due to the weight, forming a giant hole!
Only when all eight million divine inscriptions had been activated and formed a powerful force of ascension did the ground stop descending. Only then was this piece of Star Jade Iron supported …
But the eight million divine runes were constantly consuming Zhen Yuanyu. In order to keep this piece of star jade iron in the great world, every day it would consume ten thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. In a year, it would be a huge expense!
And yet, this star jade iron was casually lying in the center of the furnace …
The weight of the star jade iron was exerted on the furnace, and the weight of the furnace was exerted on the ground. What kind of weight was this?
Refining Shenzi walked around the furnace a few times and explained the origin of the star jade iron!
Even Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and Xun were shocked. Only Afo's expression was calm. Afo had seen this kind of thing too many times, so it wasn't surprising.
However, Luo Zheng was the current owner of the immortal mansion, so he naturally couldn't say such things.
"No wonder …" Luo Zheng also understood.
The star jade iron was placed here like an ordinary object. This meant that the entire immortal mansion's structure was sturdy to a degree that Luo Zheng couldn't imagine. No wonder the immortal mansion didn't budge even after a group of Celestial Venerables bombarded it for half a day outside!
After Refining Shenzi finished speaking, a frown appeared on his face. "This sword embryo has been here for countless years. With how heavy it is, I can't process it at all. I can't even move it at all, let alone forge it …"
Just a small piece of star jade iron was already unimaginably heavy. This sword embryo was four feet long, and it was so heavy that even a great realm wouldn't be able to bear it!
Luo Zheng deeply agreed with Refining Shenzi's words. At the same time, he smiled faintly. "Even if I can process it, I'm afraid I can't lift it …"
When Fu heard the conversation between the two of them, he walked towards a corner of the Weapon Forging Workshop and retrieved a pair of light green pliers.
It was a very common clamp, but since it appeared in a workshop, it was bound to be unusual.
For example, if an ordinary clamp made of metal touched the raging flames in the furnace, it would melt instantly. However, Afo placed the green clamp into the furnace and used it to hold the sword embryo firmly. He smiled. "You can give it a try."
Seeing this, Refined Shenzi reached out with his sharp claws. The body he had built for himself was for refining weapons. His claws were just enough to grab the end of the pliers. Then, Refined Shenzi tried to use the pliers to lift the body up.
The result was obvious. The sword embryo didn't budge at all!
It was as if it was embedded in the furnace and couldn't be moved by even a hair's distance!
Of course, the embedding was an illusion. It could only be said that the sword embryo was so heavy that it was impossible to measure its weight …
According to Refining Shenzi, a piece of star jade iron the size of a fingertip was as heavy as a hundred thousand mountains. This sword embryo was probably as heavy as ten million or even tens of millions of mountains!
If anyone could pick up this sword embryo, they would probably have the strength to lift up a "Boundless Universe"!
Refining Shenzi let go of the clamp and moved to the side.
Luo Zheng took the clamp from Refining Shenzi and looked at the four foot long sword embryo. Luo Zheng also clamped the clamp on the sword embryo. Then, his eyes narrowed slightly. All the dragon scales in his body were activated and surged towards his arms!
At this moment, Luo Zheng unleashed all of his strength. The muscles all over his body seemed to be inflated and inflated. His bones also made a faint sound …
"It still hasn't moved." Not far away, Mu Mingxue stared at the sword embryo and gently shook her head. No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to lift a Vast Thousand Domains. How could he move this sword embryo?
In the end, Luo Zheng could only let go of the clamp. With a helpless smile on his face, he returned the clamp to Afo.
Afo returned the clamp to its original position. When he returned to the crafting furnace, there was another clamp in his hand …
It was a pair of jet-black pliers, and there seemed to be lines on the surface of the pliers.
"This clamp, is it made of wood?" Luo Zheng showed a curious look on his face.
Everyone knew that fire and wood restrained each other. Even if the clamp was made of metal, it would probably melt instantly in the seven-colored flame. Wouldn't this clamp be burned instantly?
"Master, you can try it first." Afo smiled and said.
Luo Zheng nodded and reached out to take the clamp. His face suddenly changed. "Huh? This clamp … is weightless! "
Everything in this world had weight …
Even the air had weight. If the clouds floating in the sky were to condense together, they would turn into water, and the weight of the water would be equal to the weight of the clouds. Although paper and feathers were very light, they still had a certain amount of weight!
However, the caliper in Luo Zheng's hand was a little too light. In any case, when Luo Zheng held it in his hand, it didn't feel as light as a feather. Instead, he couldn't feel the weight of the caliper at all.
Afo continued to smile and said, "Master, you can try it with this clamp!"
Luo Zheng looked at the clamp curiously. But since Afo said so, he just looked at it for a while, then put the clamp into the furnace and clamped the sword embryo again!
When the clamp just clamped the sword embryo, a strange feeling was transmitted to Luo Zheng's hands …
It seemed that at this moment, the sword embryo itself also lost its weight! He controlled the clamp to lift it gently, and the sword embryo was lifted up by Luo Zheng as if it was weightless. At the same time, he pulled it out of the furnace!
The sword embryo was still flashing with seven-colored flames. This sword embryo was just a rough embryo. Its surface was bumpy, and it didn't look good. But no one doubted that after this sword was refined, it would definitely become a peerless weapon!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1179
Two strange lights began to shine from Refined Shenzi's head.
Even though his puppet body was very simple and crude, it was still able to express his emotions. Clearly, these two lights meant that he was very excited.
"Why, why is this happening?!"
That unimaginably heavy piece of Star Jade Iron, and such a large piece at that, was easily picked up by Luo Zheng!
This was completely beyond Refined Shenzi's imagination.
"Give it a try, you can do it too." Luo Zheng smiled at Refined Shenzi. Then, he handed the clamp over to Refined Shenzi.
Refined Shenzi took the clamp and found that it was as light as a feather. "Amazing! This clamp is amazing! "
Even though Refined Shenzi had high hopes for this place and knew that the items here would be extraordinary, this was still beyond his imagination.
He looked at the caliper in his hand from top to bottom. After looking at it for a long time, he couldn't see anything special about it. How could it turn something unimaginably heavy into something weightless?
"This pair of pliers is made from the Immeasurable Growth Stone. In theory, this pair of pliers can lift any heavy object," Fu said indifferently.
"Immeasurable Heaven's Will!" Fu's words elicited a strange cry from Shenzi.
Afo looked at Refined Shenzi in surprise. "What is immeasurable Destiny?"
"It's a Heaven's Will from the previous Evolution Era. The Immeasurable Heavenly Sovereign's Crown of Heaven's Will contains this Immeasurable Heaven's Will!"
The Immeasurable Destiny was actually a type of karmic law. The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was able to lift almost anything, including the sun, moon, and stars.
"Oh." Afo said. Then, he turned to Luo Zheng. "Master, you don't need to worry about the weight of this sword. The Immeasurable Growth Stone should still be available in the workshop. Once the Starjade Iron is forged, all you need to do is make the Immeasurable Growth Stone into the hilt and you'll be able to wield the sword as you please …"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Judging from the materials alone, this sword is indestructible …
However, the actual strength of this sword would depend on Refined Shenzi …
"Hehe, hehe …"
Lian Shenzi was overjoyed. He held the pliers in his hand and skillfully manipulated the sword embryo!
"Clang!"
As he fiddled with it excitedly, he even threw it up lightly and released the clamp at the same time.
"Ah …" This scene gave Mu Mingxue a fright!
The sword was only four inches long, but it carried the weight of tens of millions of mountains. If it were to hit someone, that person would be turned into meat paste! This guy …
Lian Shenzi was very skilled. He waited until the sword embryo that weighed tens of millions of mountains flipped in the air before it fell to the ground. Then, he used the clamp to firmly hold the sword embryo in place! He, Shenzi Shenzi, had been immersed in the art of forging for hundreds of millions of years. How could he fail?
But when Lian Shenzi placed the sword in the furnace, he asked, "I can forge weapons with these pliers, but how do I process the Star Jade Iron?"
Ordinary hammers wouldn't be able to refine it …
However, Refined Shenzi knew that since the sword was here, there must be suitable tools in the workshop.
"Follow me." Afo smiled and led Luo Zheng, Refined Shenzi, and the others into the workshop's storeroom.
In addition to all kinds of tools, there were also countless rare materials neatly arranged. It was like a mountain of treasures. Refined Shenzi was dazzled by the items in the storeroom. He began to dance with joy …
The workshop was the best place for Refined Shenzi. Being able to enter this place was a blessing for both Luo Zheng and Refined Shenzi.
However, it would take some time for Refined Shenzi to take control of the workshop. The time to forge the sword wasn't on the agenda yet. Since he entered the workshop, he hadn't taken a single step out.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, went back into the library.
After his second senior brother's yin and yang avatars were killed, he'd recommended three martial arts to him.
They were the 《Ten Thousand Laws Enemy》, 《Thunder Calamity》, and 《Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke》.
There were countless martial arts techniques in the library. Since his second senior brother had recommended them with great care, Luo Zheng would pay attention to them. Whether or not he wanted to cultivate them depended on whether they were suitable for him.
There were still sector lords outside the residence, guarding it anyway.
After the Celestial Venerables left, each of the major clans sent their own sector lords to follow the residence.
Of course, these sector lords still kept a considerable distance. After all, not even Celestial Venerables could escape from this battle. If multiple sector lords were caught in it, they wouldn't have a good ending.
Thus, Luo Zheng could only curl up in the residence and cultivate peacefully …
One month …
Two months …
Three months …
The residence continued to float in the boundless depths of space …
The universe quieted down.
During this time, many Celestial Venerables remained hidden.
Although they hadn't been able to obtain the Crown of Destiny in Luo Zheng's hands, now that four Celestial Venerables had fallen, four brand-new Crowns of Destiny would appear in the world once more.
Obtaining a Crown of Destiny was equivalent to having another Celestial Venerate in the clan. Many clans in the universe were planning to fight for the Crown of Destiny …
Six months later!
The Heavenly Dao shook …
The first Crown of Destiny appeared.
Seven months later, the Heavenly Dao shook once more …
The second Crown of Destiny appeared.
Eight months later, nine months later, the remaining two Crowns of Destiny appeared as well.
Surrounding these four Crowns of Destiny, the Fiend Night clan, demons, humans, and many other factions unleashed all of their abilities and engaged in fierce battles.
Only Celestial Venerables and sector lords could participate in a major event like the Crown of Destiny. The impact on martial artists below the realm lord level was negligible.
However, even though many Celestial Venerables fought fiercely over the four Crowns of Destiny, not a single Celestial Venerate died. In fact, only six Sector Lords died!
At the realm of Sector Lords, who had mastered the art of spatial teleportation, it was actually very difficult to kill them.
From this, one could see just how monstrous the Battle of Destiny was. It had only appeared once, but four Celestial Venerables had died …
Of the four Crowns of Destiny, the Gods of Thoughtless, led by Celestial Venerate Original Sin, had obtained two!
The other two had been taken by the Fiend Night clan and demons!
However, of the four Celestial Venerables, Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow had originally belonged to the Fiend Night clan. This time, he had taken back one of the Crown of Destiny, which could only be considered as making up for the Fiend Night clan's losses.
As for the demons, it was the same.
However, the Gods of Thoughtless hadn't lost a single Celestial Venerate last time. This time, they had obtained two more Crowns of Destiny, which greatly strengthened the Gods of Thoughtless!
The Gods of Thoughtless had originally been the largest of the three major factions of the human race. They controlled four thousand great worlds, and Celestial Venerate Original Sin was one of the few upper Celestial Venerates in the universe. His Destiny contained an extremely powerful law of karma. This time, Gods of Thoughtless had obtained two more Celestial Venerables. This caused the other races, including the Human Alliance and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, to worry …
Luo Zheng didn't know the situation in the outside world. During this time, he couldn't leave, so he went into seclusion to cultivate.
Time flew by …
One year …
Two years …
Three years …
Four years …
In the blink of an eye, five years had passed.
To most martial artists, five years was but the blink of an eye.
For example, Mu Mingxue's lifespan was far from being considered "young". However, to Luo Zheng, five years was equivalent to one-sixth of his life!
In these five years, Luo Zheng had undergone three major tribulations and successfully stepped into the mid-stage Divine Sea realm.
As for the World Tree, it was slowly taking shape in the Chaos Sea within Luo Zheng's body. A tree trunk had even emerged from the surface of the Chaos Sea …
On a certain day, five years later, the Heavenly Dao shook again.
This time, it wasn't the Crown of Destiny that had appeared. The Heavenly Dao carried one hundred and twenty-eight Crowns of Destiny, so there wouldn't be a new Crown of Destiny.
However, this time, the Heavenly Dao shook, and all living beings in the universe and the hundred thousand great worlds were paying close attention.

Chapter 1180
Strictly speaking, the opening of a Great Era in the universe was also the arrival of a crisis.
Before the crisis arrived, the Heavenly Dao had already sensed it, which was to bestow great fortune upon the geniuses of the universe!
This was the so-called fate of the Battle of the Great Era!
Those who possessed this fate would be the favored children of this era, and their fortune would be completely different from that of ordinary people!
However, the fate of the Battle of the Great Era didn't mean that they wouldn't fall. After this Great Era opened, the geniuses of the Battle of the Great Era would collide with each other and compete to determine the true protagonist of this era!
Legend had it that such a person would lead their race to the great crisis that was about to occur in the universe …
The opening of the Illusory Battlefield was to determine the strongest genius of this Great Era!
During these five years, apart from cultivating, Luo Zheng would also use the Roaring Command to tell stories …
However, the mysterious girl didn't have time every day. She seemed to spend most of her time sleeping and cultivating. Every year, she would wake up once or twice.
The first thing she did after waking up was to force Luo Zheng to tell her stories.
During this time, Luo Zheng also asked about Luo Yan.
She told Luo Zheng that she had already entrusted the matter of finding Luo Yan, but she didn't receive any response.
Although Luo Zheng was disappointed, he still didn't refuse her request to tell him stories.
Although Luo Zheng couldn't be sure, the world above the Heavenly Dao was still too illusory for him. Even the 128 Celestial Venerables didn't know anything about the world above the Heavenly Dao …
The only one who could help him was probably this mysterious girl alone!
After the Heavenly Dao shook this time, the mysterious girl woke up again. However, she didn't rush to ask Luo Zheng to tell her stories this time. Instead, she announced in an incomparably cold voice.
"The Illusory Battlefield has opened. This time, the Illusory Battlefield will take in all the Divine Sea Realm martial artists in the universe …"
After the mysterious girl finished speaking, the stars under the Heavenly Dao started to rotate at a speed visible to the naked eye!
Luo Zheng opens his eyes and sits on the square of Immortal Mansion …
"The Illusion Battlefield is an opportunity for you. If Luo Zheng gets a good ranking in the Illusion Battlefield, the Sector Lords guarding you outside will probably leave …" Xun also looked at the stars and said indifferently.
"I tricked their clan's Celestial Venerable to death, yet they still want to grit their teeth and leave? Even Yao would let go? "Luo Zheng asked. At this moment, Luo Zheng still hadn't realized what the Illusory Battlefield meant.
Xun smiled faintly. "Yao doesn't want to give up. Killing me is an unchangeable goal for her … However, at least on the surface, she should choose to give in!"
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
Not long after, the stars in the sky became more and more dazzling.
Thin rays of light began to project down continuously ….
In the 100,000 great worlds, the total number of Divine Sea Realm martial artists added together was an astronomical number! Now, each light spot corresponded to a warrior of the Divine Sea Realm!
"Weng …"
A circular spot of light appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Without hesitation, Luo Zheng took a step forward and entered it. Then, he sat down on the spot.
At the same time, a circular light spot appeared in front of Mu Mingxue. Her face revealed a trace of doubt as she considered whether she should enter this light spot.
Xun glanced at Mu Mingxue. Although this girl's talent wasn't strong, she was very intelligent. She was also the only girl beside Luo Zheng that Xun didn't dislike. She said, "The Illusion Battlefield is actually a huge illusion space. There's no danger to your life, but for Divine Sea Realm martial artists, it's a cultivation opportunity that you can't miss!"
"Illusion space?"
Mu Mingxue had heard of illusion spaces before. However, she hadn't been in the Upper Realm for long and had never entered one. Hearing Xun mention it, she was still a bit confused.
However, Xun didn't want to say more. It was up to Mu Mingxue to decide whether she wanted to enter the Illusion Battlefield.
Mu Mingxue hesitated for a while. Since Xun said there was no danger in this illusion space and Luo Zheng had stepped into it, she chose to enter as well.
Countless light spots appeared around all the Divine Sea Realm martial artists …
In the Extreme Purple Realm …
This strange little realm didn't belong to the 100,000 great worlds.
At the top of the Indefinite Tower!
Xi Youqin sat on a huge sword.
In front of her, there were countless huge swords circling back and forth!
Compared to a few years ago, Xi Youqin's face had lost a touch of gentleness but had become more mature.
Under the light of the swords, her beautiful face was dazzling …
And her cultivation had already reached the Divine Sea Realm!
She raised her hand slightly and hundreds of thousands of huge swords rolled at the same time. Then, they gathered into a unique sword array and wrapped her in it!
At first glance, there was nothing special about this sword array, but when Xi Youqin stood up and casually flipped her hand, the aura of the entire sword array underwent an earth-shattering change … The entire sword array was now exuding an intense killing intent!
However, when she was controlling the sword array, there was a trace of loneliness on her face. Because of this, her gentle eyes were even colder.
Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng had been separated for seven years …
During these seven years, she was always thinking about Luo Zheng. During these seven years, she was also waiting for the Illusion Battlefield to descend.
Her master told her that when the Illusion Battlefield descended, Luo Zheng would definitely step into it. At that time, it would be the time for them to reunite.
But when would the Illusion Battlefield open?
Thinking of this, Xi Youqin, who was practicing the sword array, showed a trace of waning interest. She flipped her slender and delicate fingers and made a calm gesture. All the huge swords flipped at the same time and formed a flat surface above the Indefinite Tower. All the huge swords seemed to regard Xi Youqin as their king and submitted to her.
She sat down with her arms around her knees. Once the flood of longing started, it was hard to stop. Luo Zheng's clear and blurry figure kept floating in her eyes.
But at this time, Indefinite Old Man appeared behind Xi Youqin.
"Master …" Xi Youqin didn't turn around, but she already felt Indefinite Old Man's movements.
Indefinite Old Man walked toward Xi Youqin with a benevolent face and asked, "Youqin, what's wrong?"
"No, nothing …" Over the years, Xi Youqin had strengthened her martial heart and rarely complained. Even if she was depressed, she knew how to pretend.
But Indefinite Old Man smiled. "Are you thinking of Luo Zheng again?"
"No," Xi Youqin replied coolly.
"Yes, yes. Master has been through this before. How can I not understand your thoughts?" Indefinite Old Man smiled.
His words made Xi Youqin even sadder. She sniffled and said, "So what if I miss him … I don't know where he is!"
Indefinite Old Man placed his withered hand on Xi Youqin's shoulder and said with a smile, "Luo Zheng should have entered the Illusion Battlefield by now!"
"Eh?" Xi Youqin was taken aback. She raised her head and looked at Indefinite Old Man. "The Illusory Battlefield has opened?"
"Yes!"
"It's really opened!" Xi Youqin almost jumped to her feet.
Xi Youqin had been waiting for this day for a long time …
Indefinite Elder nodded affirmatively and said, "All warriors in the Spirit Sea Realm can enter the Illusionary Battlefield. Since you are in the Extreme Purple Realm, the light spot can't be projected here. So, after I take you out of the Extreme Purple Realm, you can enter the Illusionary Battlefield by yourself!"
"But Luo Zheng has also entered the Illusion Battlefield?" Xi Youqin was still unsure.
Indefinite Old Man smiled. "I'm not sure if he can enter the Illusion Battlefield now, but I'm sure he will! But … if you want to see Luo Zheng, you'll have to rely on your own strength! "
Xi Youqin looked extremely confident at Indefinite Old Man's words. "Yes! Master, I understand! I'll do my best in the Illusion Battlefield! "
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Indefinite Old Man nodded in satisfaction. "Then I can rest assured. You're my most outstanding disciple and also the strongest Extreme Purple Yin Body. I hope you can succeed. Now, I'll take you out of the Extreme Purple Realm …"
Luo Zheng had used the Roar Command so many times in the universe. How could Indefinite Old Man, who often left the Extreme Purple Realm, not know about Luo Zheng's movements?
She even knew that Luo Zheng had been trapped in North Sky Region by the sector lords of the various clans …
But for Xi Youqin, she hid this news. If Xi Youqin was strong enough, she would naturally meet Luo Zheng in the Illusion Battlefield.

Chapter 1181
All of the young geniuses in the universe were rubbing their hands in anticipation of the Illusory Battlefield's opening.
All of the Empyrean Exalts and heirs of the Realm Lords were fully prepared!
Some of the supreme divine artifacts that had been hidden from the world had quietly changed hands as well. Perhaps these Divine Sea realm cultivators wouldn't be able to unleash the full power of their supreme divine artifacts, but they would be of great help to their own strength!
Gods No Thought, Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, Human Dao Alliance, Demi-Immortal Tribe, Yao Night Clan, Demon Race, Giant Race, Shaye Clan …
All of the Divine Sea realm cultivators of the upper realms would enter the Illusory Battlefield within five days.
Among them were some Divine Sea realm cultivators who were in dire straits …
For them, this was a chance to change their fates.
For example, if a Divine Sea realm cultivator was trapped in a danger zone in a major world and couldn't escape for over a hundred years, he would just barely be able to keep himself alive.
However, under the light of the Heavenly Dao, he would be able to temporarily enter the light and avoid the danger before him!
The Illusory Battlefield worked the same way as the Illusory Space. Their true body wouldn't actually enter the Illusory Battlefield, only a projection of themselves would enter.
However, under the light of the Heavenly Dao's protection, no Divine Sea realm cultivator would have to worry about their true body's safety. That simple light represented the most fundamental laws of karma in the universe. Even Empyrean Exalts would find it difficult to break through.
In a certain core world of the Yao Night Clan, in the prison of a tenth rank sacred land …
A Yao Night Clan woman's hands were tied up and she was leaning against a giant copper pillar!
Above the prison, black raindrops dripped down from time to time.
These raindrops were extremely corrosive. When they fell on the floor, they would form large pits. When they fell on a human body, they would cause intense stimulation and corrode their flesh!
This was an extremely painful punishment of the Yao Night Clan. The cultivator bound to the pillar would often be riddled with holes, but even if the pain was unbearable, they couldn't choose to die. The pillar behind her had been personally imbued with the power of life by the Yao Night Clan's King of Life. After a day of punishment, the pillar would release a powerful surge of life force that would allow the Yao Night Clan woman to fully recover.
Day after day, year after year, the Yao Night Clan woman endured this punishment. Whether it was her body or soul, it was unimaginable torment ….
This woman was none other than Liu Yu.
Before he ascended, Liu Yu had also hesitated several times.
Even though she was from a lower realm, she knew that with her status and strength, getting involved in the struggle between kings was no different than asking for trouble.
It was just that Xun had suddenly descended, and she had no choice in how things developed.
After the great realm passageway was repaired, Liu Yu chose to ascend after much hesitation.
Yao, on the other hand, didn't forget about her …
The result was obvious. She had been locked up in this prison and had to endure cruel punishments and inhumane torture!
Over the past few years, she had also been able to hear Luo Zheng's voice resounding throughout the universe. Apart from being shocked, she was also secretly gratified.
This little fellow had already displayed all sorts of extraordinary abilities on the Sea God Continent. Now that he had ascended to the Higher Realm for only a few years, he was already able to command the entire universe.
If Luo Zheng knew about her situation, she might have a glimmer of hope to see the light of day again in the future.
However, Liu Yu was in the depths of this prison. It was impossible for her to pass on the news. How could Luo Zheng pay attention to her?
In this life, there was probably no hope.
If she had known that this would happen, she would rather cripple her own cultivation and live a peaceful life in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. It was much better than ascending to the Higher Realm.
Liu Yu finally passed her days in despair.
However, on this day, she heard that voice. It was the voice of that mysterious girl.
This mysterious girl seemed to be an important figure in the Higher Realm. Liu Yu could also sense that some Celestial Venerables were very wary of this mysterious girl.
However, this mysterious girl had been pestering Luo Zheng, asking Luo Zheng to tell her stories.
Those stories were quite interesting. When she was being tortured, no one could communicate with her all day long. Sometimes, she would hear Luo Zheng tell her stories, which became a small sustenance in her spirit.
"The Illusory Battlefield has opened. What does this mean?" Liu Yu lowered her head and pondered. Her talent might be much stronger than Mu Mingxue's, but after ascending, she was bound in this prison. Her knowledge was far inferior to Mu Mingxue's.
However, not long after, a light spot appeared in front of Liu Yu.
"What kind of light spot is this?" Liu Yu's face revealed a trace of confusion.
It was only after the mysterious girl finished speaking that Liu Yu came to a realization …
This light spot was the entrance to the Illusory Battlefield …
All Divine Ocean Realm martial artists could enter the Illusory Battlefield!
Then, could she also enter? Liu Yu's originally slack eyes condensed a light spot!
This was an opportunity, an opportunity bestowed to her by the Heavenly Dao!
With Liu Yu's perseverance, she couldn't watch this opportunity slip away from her hands!
With this thought, Liu Yu struggled to move towards that light spot!
That light spot was only a step away from Liu Yu. However, her hands were tied to the copper pillar, so her range of movement was very limited. She did her best to close her legs together and inch towards that light spot.
Not long after, Liu Yu's toes touched the edge of the light spot.
"Just a little bit more." Liu Yu gritted her teeth.
She exerted all her strength and continued to struggle forward!
Just at this moment, a drop of black raindrop fell on her snow-white thigh.
"Sizzle —"
With a white smoke rising, that drop of black raindrop boiled on its own, constantly corroding Liu Yu's flesh. Not long after, it formed a small pit on Liu Yu's thigh.
Facing this kind of pain, Liu Yu didn't even make a sound. The punishment of these five or six years had already made Liu Yu very troublesome. Once, half of her body was corroded. In the end, she relied on the copper pillar behind her to slowly recover her body!
"Just a little bit more!"
Liu Yu didn't have any room to retreat now. She had to seize this opportunity no matter what!
Her entire body was stretched as straight as a pencil, and her legs were stretched to the limit as far as possible …
Finally, she stepped into the circle of light with her feet!
In the next moment, Liu Yu's entire body was pulled over by a force and firmly fixed on the light spot. Then, her consciousness became empty and she began to immerse herself in darkness.
Five days was a preparation period given by the Heavenly Axiom for many warriors in the Upper Realm.
After these five days, all the warriors who entered in advance were in darkness. They couldn't move, couldn't see, and couldn't leave the light spot …
It was also during these five days that all the Illusory Spaces in the entire universe had strange changes!
Illusory Spaces were not uncommon in the universe. Every major sect, holy land, and race had built their own Illusory Spaces for warriors to cultivate and learn from each other!
However, after the Illusory Battlefield opened, all the Illusory Spaces were completely locked and couldn't be entered.
At the same time, a pyramid began to appear above each Illusory Space …
It was a giant pyramid formed by names!
On this pyramid were the names of all the Divine Sea realm martial artists in the entire universe's 100,000 great worlds. And, the number of names was rapidly increasing …
In the universe, there were 128 Empyreans, over 200,000 World Lords, hundreds of millions of Divine Transformation realm powerhouses, and over 100 billion Divine Extreme realm powerhouses!
As for Divine Sea realm martial artists, they were counted in the hundreds of millions, in other words, trillions!
Out of curiosity, the beings of the Hundred Thousand Great Realms continued to investigate.
Currently, the Illusory Battlefield had yet to officially open and the names on the pyramid weren't ranked in order. Now, all the names were gathered at the bottom of the pyramid. Wanting to find a martial artist's name was no different from looking for a needle in a haystack …
However, all the races, Empyreans, and World Lords had already cast their gazes towards the pyramids of their own races. They hoped to see the names of the geniuses of their races appear at the top of the pyramid!
In these five days, the number of names on the pyramid continued to rapidly rise. More and more Divine Sea realm martial artists entered the Illusory Battlefield.
Luo Zheng sat on the ground, his eyes closed in meditation.
60 hours, five days and five nights later …
As a cold voice sounded in his ears, he suddenly opened his eyes.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1182
When Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes, the entire world had undergone an earth-shattering change in an instant.
His projection had entered another world, a gigantic Dream Realization Space …
Such a gigantic Dream Realization Space was equivalent to 50 big worlds!
In fact, this Dream Realization Space was divided into 50 parts, which were 50 big worlds. The trillions of warriors were scattered in these 50 big worlds.
Luo Zheng was assigned to a big city in one of the big worlds. At this moment, the big city was crowded with warriors of various races, all of whom were at the Divine Sea Realm!
After getting up, Luo Zheng looked around at the surrounding scenery.
The Illusory Battlefield was extremely realistic. It could even be said that this space was originally a real world. It was just that during normal times, the Illusory Battlefield was in a sealed state. Only when it opened would cultivators be able to enter.
The city in front of him didn't seem to be a human city.
All the buildings were black and red. In the cracks of the buildings, there was a faint red light constantly flowing. It was as if the stone used in these buildings was wrapped in a layer of flowing magma …
"A city of the Demon Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
The trillions of warriors of the 100,000 big worlds were assigned to this Illusory Battlefield according to a certain pattern …
Luo Zheng was in the North Sky Region. His position was relatively close to the Demon Clan, so he might have been assigned to the Demon Clan by accident.
As far as the eye could see, most of the surrounding cultivators were tall and sturdy Demon Race cultivators. Only a small number of Human Race cultivators and other races were present.
When these Demon Race cultivators and Luo Zheng's eyes met, they also revealed unfriendly gazes.
Luo Zheng didn't care about these gazes at all.
It didn't matter which area he was assigned to.
The competition in the Illusory Battlefield was for the young masters of the entire universe. In other words, each person would have to face trillions of opponents!
Trillions, trillions. When facing trillions of Divine Sea Realm warriors, it didn't matter whether the opponent was a human, a demon, or another race. What mattered was whether he could climb to the peak of this Illusory Battlefield.
Luo Zheng thought so, but the other human warriors didn't think so. The human warriors assigned to this city all frowned and were extremely depressed.
Some of them were relatively close to the territory of the Devil Race. For example, the Holy Land of the Human Race in the Yin Luo Realm might be assigned to the Human Race or the Devil Race.
However, there were also some martial artists from the Human World who were unintentionally assigned to this place. This sort of assignment had a certain degree of randomness to it, so they were rather unlucky.
In truth, when facing martial artists of the same race, there was also competition. Since this place was called a battlefield, then everyone was their own opponent. Race wasn't important in the Illusory Battlefield.
The Illusory Battlefield had just opened. All the races were very curious about this new world and were constantly observing it …
Not long after, a cold voice rang out.
"Flying and fighting are prohibited in all major cities. Those who violate the rules will die immediately … There are still four hours before the city gates open!" This voice belonged to the mysterious girl. After the Illusory Battlefield opened, she seemed to have changed into a different person. Her words became extremely cold. She softly explained the rules of the Illusory Battlefield without a trace of emotion.
The rules of the Illusory Battlefield were very important. Luo Zheng focused on memorizing the rules word by word.
As soon as the mysterious girl's voice faded away, they heard a rough voice …
"All the human warriors, get your ass over here!"
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, hundreds of Devil Race warriors gathered together like a small mountain, encircling the warriors of the other races!
In this area, besides Luo Zheng, there were more than ten human warriors gathered together. Hearing the rough voice, the human warriors revealed a trace of fear on their faces …
Fighting was prohibited in the city. Logically speaking, these Devil Race warriors wouldn't dare to fight in the city!
But these human warriors, after thinking for a while, actually behaved very obediently. They followed the orders of the Devil Race warrior and walked over.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of indifference. He turned a deaf ear to the Devil Race warrior's words.
"Why don't you go over?" At this moment, a voice came from beside Luo Zheng. This was also a human warrior. He was wearing a gray cloak and holding a slender pipe in his hand. He blew out smoke rings with a very calm expression.
"Why should I go over? Fighting is prohibited in the city. This group of Devil Race warriors can't eat me, "Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Hey, it shouldn't be just that, right?" The human warrior smoking the pipe said, "The leader of the Devil Race warriors should have a good background. If you disobey him, it may be very troublesome."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, "Maybe you're the troublesome one …"
After saying this, the two of them smiled brightly.
The Illusory Battlefield gathered all the young elites of the universe. But overall, there was a mix of good and bad.
The weak warriors were like clumps of grass that could only be gnawed by sheep. The strong warriors were sheep!
But the top warriors were wolves in the Illusory Battlefield. They were the top existences in the food chain.
Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior understood each other's meaning. They were both wolves, but even among wolves, there was still a difference in strength. There was also the Wolf King!
Between them, there must be a victor!
"You two! Come over here! Are you deaf? " After these Devil Race warriors pushed the human warriors aside, one of them walked towards Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior.
Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist were leaning against the wall. The two of them acted as if they hadn't heard anything. They didn't even bother to talk nonsense with these Demon Race martial artists. This was because in the eyes of Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist, these Demon Race martial artists weren't even sheep, they were just grass.
The two of them leaned against the wall, quietly waiting for the city gate to open …
When these Devil Race warriors saw the attitude of the two of them, they took a big step forward and surrounded the two of them.
"Human brat, do you know whose territory this is? If you don't listen to us … "
Before one of the Devil Race warriors could finish speaking, Luo Zheng glanced at him and a cold light flashed in his eyes. He then faintly spat out a word, "Scram!"
With Luo Zheng's current strength, every movement of his had an invisible majesty. When the Devil Race warrior was stared at by Luo Zheng, he almost couldn't help but take two steps back, as if he had been pushed by Luo Zheng. When he recovered, his face was flushed red, but when he looked at Luo Zheng, there was a trace of fear in his eyes.
The cloaked warrior took a deep breath from his pipe and gently blew out a smoke ring. His eyelids drooped, as if he didn't see this scene.
At this moment, another voice interrupted, "What are you doing?"
The one who spoke was a Devil Race warrior in silver armor at the back of the crowd. His silver armor seemed to be a rare treasure. Judging from its color, it could be classified as a second-grade Divine Artifact. And because this armor was a defensive tool, it could be compared to a first-grade Divine Artifact.
"Young Master Hao! There are two Human Race warriors here who don't intend to obey your orders! "A Devil Race warrior said.
Young Master Hao squeezed through the crowd. His ten foot tall figure looked down at Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior indifferently, and then said in a cold voice, "I'll give you two a chance. Obey me and line up over there!"
Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior quietly glanced at each other.
This Young Master Hao could barely be regarded as a sheep …
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "Obey you? What's in it for me? "
"After killing you twice, I will let you go!" Young Master Hao replied coldly, as if killing Luo Zheng twice was a gift.

Chapter 1183
Regarding this kind of proposal.
Luo Zheng just smiled. The cloaked martial artist said to Luo Zheng, "Don't bother with them. Nothing good comes out of their filthy mouths!"
"It's my fault," Luo Zheng didn't say anything else.
Seeing the attitude of these two human martial artists, Young Master Hao's face faintly revealed a trace of anger. After thinking for a moment, he took two steps forward and put his huge head close to them. He grinned and said, "You … don't regret it!"
The cloaked martial artist suddenly raised his hand in front of his nose and said, "To be honest, I regret it a little!"
Young Master Hao was slightly surprised. He heard the cloaked martial artist continue, "Because your mouth is too smelly …"
The Young Master of the Demon Race was finally completely enraged. He stood upright and roared, "You, follow behind these two people. As long as they leave the city, kill them without mercy!"
"Yes, Young Master!"
All the Demon Race martial artists present, after hearing the Young Master's order, stood guard beside Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist.
An hour was gone in a flash.
At this moment, the cyan light curtain around all the cities in the Illusory Battlefield disappeared at the same time …
Many martial artists couldn't wait to rush out of the city. What followed was endless killing!
"Time's up. Let's go out of the city?" The cloaked martial artist said to Luo Zheng lightly.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Then, the two got up at the same time and walked out of the city along the streets.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
As Luo Zheng walked forward, he noticed a light red streamer in the sky flying back from outside the city.
These martial artists were the ones who had been killed outside the city.
According to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield, after dying outside the city, the body would dissipate and turn into a streamer and return to the city. Not long after, they would be resurrected again …
For the younger generation of martial artists, this was not only a holy land to compete with the weak, but also an excellent place to gain experience!
When Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist got up and walked out of the city, two teams of Demon Race martial artists followed behind them. They were ordered by Young Master Hao to follow them all the way. They were determined to kill them as soon as they left the city.
However, they did not know just what kind of people these two human martial artists were!
"I don't want to fight with you for the time being." The cloaked martial artist was on Luo Zheng's left side. The city gate was right in front of him, but he still said this.
"It doesn't matter. I can wait," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
"That's good." The cloaked warrior smiled happily.
The other cultivators generally rushed out of the city gates. They either pounced on their targets or quickly left the city. In short, they were all extremely vigilant and would never stay in front of the city gates.
However, after the two of them stepped out of the city gate, they still maintained a slow pace as they slowly advanced!
The actions of the two confused the Demon Race cultivators who were following them. These Demon Race cultivators originally thought that Luo Zheng and the cloaked youth would escape at once, so they were still on guard against this move. However, the two of them seemed to treat the ten Demon Race cultivators as if they were nothing but thin air …
Was he confident? Or stupidity?
"It's Young Master Hao's order. Kill them every time they leave the city. Kill them every time until all the Illusory Light on them is taken away!"
The leader of the Demon warriors said. As soon as his voice fell, all the Demon warriors rushed towards the two of them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior turned around at the same time. Both of them had a similar smile on their faces. It was the smile of a wolf that saw a sheep...
Luo Zheng did not use a sword.
He just used the chaotic energy to condense a wind blade, which slowly rotated on his fingertips!
Such a light cyan wind blade was like a blade of death for these Divine Sea Realm martial artists!
"Puff puff puff puff …"
To Luo Zheng, the Demon warriors in front of him were not sheep, but grass. They could not see Luo Zheng's figure clearly. Their lives were quickly harvested by Luo Zheng as if they were grass!
As for the cloaked martial artist, he placed the smoking pipe behind his head. He also didn't use his own weapon. Instead, he only used his palms to form countless hand seals that gently patted the heads or chests of these Demon Race martial artists. Soon after, the sound of bones shattering rang out. These Demon Race martial artists were like watermelons as they were smashed to pieces by this cloaked martial artist's hand seals …
When these Demon warriors died, their bodies would dissipate. Then, many yellow light spots and a red light spot would emerge from them!
A red light spot would wrap around the warrior's soul and slowly fly back to the city to wait for resurrection.
As the yellow light spots drifted, they gathered towards Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior. These yellow light spots were the Illusory Battlefield's Illusory Points!
The first stage of the Illusory Battlefield was the ranking based on Illusory Points!
When the Illusory Battlefield was in its initial state, everyone had the same number of Illusory Points, which was 100 points!
After death, half of the Illusory Points would dissipate, reducing it to 50 points...
After death, the Illusory Points would be reduced to 25 points. Then, it would be halved until there was nothing left!
The cloaked cultivator had killed five Devil Race clansmen. It was the first time these five Devil Race clansmen had left the city. Each of them had a hundred Fantasy Points in their bodies, and each of them contributed half of their Fantasy Points. Thus, he had absorbed two hundred and fifty Fantasy Points.
Luo Zheng killed six Demon warriors, so he naturally absorbed 300 Illusory Points. In addition to his own 100 Illusory Points, he had 400 Illusory Points.
At the same time, a thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. That thought told Luo Zheng his current ranking...
"The overall ranking is 8.8 billion... and in this Great Thousand World, it's 1.9 billion..." Seeing this ranking, Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile. This ranking was too low. He didn't expect that the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, and the warriors inside were already fighting with their lives on the line!
As for the cloaked warrior, his face revealed a helpless smile. He killed five Demon warriors, so his ranking could only be lower than Luo Zheng's.
However, the two of them didn't care too much about this ranking...
The Illusory Battlefield had just opened...
The number of Illusory Points contained in these "grass" was too low. Their goal was sheep.
Sheep could only get fat by eating grass. Wolves could only get fat faster by eating sheep...
At the same time, the powerhouses of all the races in the universe were paying attention to the rankings on the pyramid!
Although the Illusory Battlefield had only opened for less than half an hour, the bottom of the pyramid was still at the bottom of the pyramid.
Most of the names were still lying at the bottom of the pyramid, but some names were slowly rising. Their names were rapidly climbing up the pyramid.
After Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior killed the Demon warriors, they stood guard at the city gate.
The majority of the warriors were gathered in the city. They wanted to collect Illusory Points as soon as possible. Guarding the city gate and killing people was naturally the fastest way to accumulate Illusory Points.
However, the methods displayed by the two of them just now were too ferocious.
Originally, a large number of Demon warriors were preparing to leave the city, or were considering whether to leave the city or not...
In the end, they saw such a bloody scene at the city gate!
A group of Demon warriors who boasted of their bravery was immediately intimidated. With their strength, if they left the city like this, wouldn't they be slaughtered?
Therefore, they all blocked the city and refused to come out!
Because the Demon warriors in front were blocking the road, the Demon warriors in the back were unable to leave the city. The Demon warriors in the back didn't know what was happening in front, so they began to curse!
But no matter how much the Demon warriors in the back cursed, the Demon warriors in front refused to leave the city. In the end, the numerous Demon warriors could only choose other city gates...
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng knew that his wishful thinking had failed. The other party wasn't a fool. If he stood naked at the city gate, they wouldn't foolishly rush up and be slaughtered. Although one wouldn't truly die in the Illusory Battlefield and life wasn't worth anything, they would still lose Illusory Points.
After the two of them looked at each other helplessly, they could only leave the city gate. However, the two of them left in different directions.
The two of them knew that there would be a battle between them in the end, but this battle was obviously not now. At the very least, they had to wait until the other party accumulated enough Illusory Points before this battle was worth it!
After leaving the city gate, Luo Zheng chose a route and continued to advance at a leisurely pace. However, he was thinking about how to accumulate Illusory Points faster.
It was obviously unrealistic to stand at the city gate and cut the grass. Killing a warrior would only give him 50 Illusory Points. Moreover, if he killed a warrior who had been massacred once, his Illusory Points would decrease again. He would only have 25 Illusory Points left after a second kill. This was definitely not a solution...
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on a mountain not far away. After pondering for a moment, he leaped onto the mountain.

Chapter 1184
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't stay here any longer.
His figure flashed, maintaining a height of ten feet above the ground as he flew away like an eagle.
By the time Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist had completely left, the group of martial artists that had originally been hoarding in the city were like a tide, squeezing out of the city!
And the moment they left the city, they scattered, trying to keep as much distance as possible.
This was the rule of the Illusory Battlefield!
Once one left the main cities, danger lurked everywhere.
They could be the hunter, or they could become the prey of other martial artists.
An ordinary-looking demon martial artist rushed out of the city gates at the same time as the other martial artists. The moment he left the city gates, a strange smile appeared on his face.
"Purple Flame Emperor Explosion!"
A purple flame suddenly burst out from the body of this Demon Race martial artist!
The mysterious Fire Attribute Laws formed rings of fire that spread out from the Demon Race martial artist like a tidal wave.
At this moment, there were over a hundred martial artists rushing out of the city gates!
As the purple flames swept out, all of the demon martial artists simultaneously released their protective true essence or astral essence in an attempt to resist these terrifying purple flames.
But the power of these purple flames was incomparably tyrannical. Beneath these purple flames, their protective true essence was like paper, instantly burning away. Then, as if these purple flames had a life of their own, they drilled into the cracks and began to burn the bodies of the martial artists!
"Ahh!"
"It's painful, these damned flames …"
"Be careful …"
In the blink of an eye, all of the martial artists' bodies were engulfed in raging flames, turning them into flaming men.
Some of the flaming men used their escape techniques and flew into the air, but the faster they flew, the more intense the flames burned. They only flew halfway through the air before they turned to ashes and scattered in the air …
Some of the fiery people unleashed translucent ice shields in an attempt to keep the flames away from their bodies. However, the power of the flames was far beyond their imagination. The ice shields melted in an instant and were burned to ashes by the flames!
All of the burned martial artists had a red light shoot out from their bodies as they fled back into the main city.
As for the remaining dreamy motes of light, they were absorbed by the demon martial artist.
Woosh woosh woosh …
The demon martial artist stood in front of the city gates, a cold smile on his face. As he looked at the martial artists in front of the city gates, a purple flame slowly pulsed in his hand.
Just now, this Demon Race martial artist's flames had spread out to a radius of ten thousand feet. But when the purple flames spread towards the city gates, they instantly dissipated without a trace!
At this stage, the Illusory Battlefield's main city was an absolutely safe zone. Any attack would be dispelled at the main city gates.
It wasn't just this main city, but the entire Illusory Battlefield and all of the 50 great worlds' main cities were like this!
In a short period of time, the demon martial artist had absorbed 5000-6000 fantasy points...........
....................
Up until now, there were still many martial artists who hadn't realized the situation they were in. After all, the vast majority of people in this city were from the Demon Race. A moment ago, Luo Zheng and that cloaked martial artist were not of the same race, but outside the city gates, the Demon Race martial artists were actually killing each other.
The demon martial artist faintly smiled, "Is that important?"
"Humph, we are all demons. With your methods, I never thought …" A demon angrily said.
The demon martial artist interrupted him, "I don't want to listen to your nonsense. I only know that in this Illusory Battlefield, there is no such thing as a race. All losers will be eliminated, and all of you … will become stepping stones for me to become the supreme ruler of this world!"
Hearing the words of this Demon Race cultivator, many Demons revealed expressions of anger, but even more Demons came to a sudden realization!
Although many demon martial artists had mentally prepared themselves for the opening of the Illusory Battlefield, it was clear that their understanding was not deep enough. This Illusory Battlefield was a battlefield where only the fittest were eliminated. Out of the trillions of martial artists, this was a battlefield where only the strongest martial artists would be selected.
Here, holding onto the concept of race was nothing short of a joke!
The Demon Race cultivator actually walked towards the city gate. The purple flame in his hand was raging. Then, he stretched his hand into the city gate. The moment his hand crossed the "boundary", the purple flame was extinguished by the rules of the Illusory Battlefield. Then, he said, "My name is Long Qin … …"
After that, he suddenly turned around. He also knew that the martial artists in the city gate would not come out to die. Staying here was a waste of time.
"Long Qin!"
"It's him …"
"The ninth generation descendant of the Demon Flame Boundary's Master!"
"It's our bad luck to be assigned to the same main city as him!"
"Humph, what bad luck? All the Divine Sea Realm martial artists from the 100,000 Great Worlds are here. Which main city doesn't have a few freaks? He wondered if this dragon bird was stronger than the two human martial artists from before. I really hope they will fight! "
After Long Qin's figure disappeared from their sight, the martial artists in the city rushed out again.
Throughout the entire Illusory Battlefield, in the initial stage, things like blocking the city gate kept happening …
At the same time, the names of many martial artists had stood out on the pyramid!
In the 100,000 Great Worlds outside the Illusory Battlefield, there were countless Illusory Spaces. Above each Illusory Space, the names on the pyramid were constantly rising and falling!
All the races and forces were paying close attention to the rankings.
…
"Whoosh!"
A wind blade shot out from Luo Zheng's fingertip.
Not far ahead, there were several Blue Horn Deer creeping on the ground. These Blue Horn Deer looked very docile, but in fact, they were also Level 10 Ferocious Beasts.
The wind blades suddenly shot out and pierced through the chests of the Blue Horn Deer. Along with unwilling screams, the Blue Horn Deer died. Their Five Treasures and Six Palaces had been destroyed by Luo Zheng's wind blades.
The dead Blue Horn Deer gradually disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight. At the same time, many pale yellow Illusory Points flew towards Luo Zheng's body.
"Killing Ferocious Beasts in the wild also gives me Illusory Points, but this Blue Horn Deer only gives me one Illusory Point?"
Facing this result, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. Killing Ferocious Beasts was also a way to earn Illusory Points. However, the Illusory Battlefield was actually a super-large arena. Its original intention was to encourage martial artists to kill each other and compete for the strongest winner. Therefore, the rewards given by killing Ferocious Beasts were relatively small.
"I wonder how many Illusory Points I can get by killing stronger Ferocious Beasts."
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's figure flashed again. He swept up the hillside and moved forward at a moderate speed.
Along the way, if he encountered any Ferocious Beasts, Luo Zheng would casually kill them.
Ferocious Beasts like the Blue Horn Deer only gave him one or two Illusory Points. The accumulated Illusory Points were very small, but Luo Zheng did not care.
According to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield, the accumulation of Illusory Points at the beginning was not important. When some of the stronger martial artists accumulated enough Illusory Points, Luo Zheng could directly rob them.
If possible, Luo Zheng could even lie here and cultivate, or even find a place to sleep!
However, he had been trapped in the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion for several years. Now that he finally had a chance to leave the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, he wanted to relax in the vast world of the Illusory Battlefield.
Just as Luo Zheng was slowly flying, his eyes suddenly flashed, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.
His body suddenly stopped in mid-air. He turned his head and looked down, "How long do you plan to follow me?"
His voice rang out. The wilderness was completely silent. It was as if there were no other living beings here ….
"Come find me after accumulating more Illusory Points. I'm not interested in you." After Luo Zheng said lightly, he continued to fly forward casually.
There were a total of three people following Luo Zheng. They certainly did not have time to accumulate Illusory Points. Killing the three of them now would only give him 150 Illusory Points. Luo Zheng was indeed not interested.
Following a rough laughter, three burly figures appeared on the ground out of thin air. They were three Demon Clan martial artists.
"But we are interested in you! Haha! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1185
Compared to the other Demon Clansmen, these three Demon Clan martial artists were slightly shorter.
The armor they wore was very special. At first glance, it was black, but under the sunlight, it reflected different colors …
This armor was made of "Light Accumulating Iron." After it was activated, it could constantly change its color according to the surrounding environment. Together with the Divine Inscriptions that could restrain one's aura, it could completely hide the warrior. Even if they were very close, they wouldn't be able to detect their movements.
This method was useful for ordinary Divine Sea Realm warriors, but for Luo Zheng, it didn't mean much.
Luo Zheng's current perception was far more powerful than that of ordinary warriors. Therefore, even if the three of them were carefully hiding, he could still easily detect their existence.
Previously, the three Demons had seen Luo Zheng's extraordinary strength at the city gate. However, when they saw Luo Zheng leave the city alone, they also had the idea of chasing after him!
The three of them weren't weak. When the three of them worked together, they had once killed a Divine Realm warrior. The three of them had followed him silently.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of laziness. Although he had been immersed for several years and was fully prepared, he was like a butterfly that had just emerged from its chrysalis. His spirit had also quietly changed. Right now, he also needed to fight to baptize his spirit.
He looked down at the three Demons below and said indifferently, "Since you're interested, then come at me together …"
The three Demons looked at each other and sneered. In the midst of their laughter, the three of them quietly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
This kind of hiding method was indeed very effective.
Because they didn't just restrain their aura, at least in terms of vision, they completely hid their figures!
Looking at the three disappearing quickly, Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
Since he had nothing to do, he was waiting for the grass to grow and the sheep to grow fat. Only then would he relax in this wild place. Since these guys were willing to appear in front of him, Luo Zheng didn't mind taking action.
In the past five years, Luo Zheng had also dabbled in the three Cultivation Methods recommended by the so-called "Second Senior Brother."
However, in the past five years, Luo Zheng hadn't stepped out of the Immortal Mansion, so there was no one who could compare notes with him. Xun was a Sword Spirit, so it wasn't very suitable for her. The difference in strength between him and Mu Mingxue was too big. Although Mu Mingxue had made great progress in the past five years, she was still not qualified to compare notes with Luo Zheng.
After the three of them concealed themselves, they used the Aura Concealing Technique and rushed towards Luo Zheng from several directions. From the view, their figures had completely disappeared, not even a shadow....
At this moment, Luo Zheng gently closed his eyes, and a perception spread out from his mind!
Under the description of his perception, the environment around him took shape in his mind …
Among them, there were three empty spots, and these three empty spots were rapidly approaching Luo Zheng.
"They're not slow, but it's a pity …"
In Luo Zheng's Inner World, the sapling of the World Tree swayed gently, and then a stream of Chaotic Qi quietly rose along the sapling and was quickly sucked into his body.
At the same time, a faint smoke appeared above Luo Zheng's hands!
"Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke!"
Although Luo Zheng didn't really like his second senior brother, his second senior brother's insight was indeed very unique!
The three Cultivation Methods he had selected were not conspicuous in the Book Collection Pavilion, but after browsing through them, Luo Zheng found that each of the three Cultivation Methods was very suitable for him …
Thinking about it carefully, although there was something wrong with the Second Senior Brother, it wasn't strange for him to have this kind of insight. After all, he was a person who had surpassed the Way of Heaven. In his eyes, Luo Zheng might be like an invisible person, but he could see through him inside and out at a glance.
This Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was a very unique body movement!
In this universe, the vast majority of escape techniques were created by using all sorts of source Laws …
For instance, the Wind Escape Technique used the Wind Laws. As for the Earth Escape Technique, it used the Earth Laws. Although all sorts of different Laws were used to create different cultivation methods, in the eyes of experts, they were all different paths leading to the same goal.
But this Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was different. In fact, this cultivation method was similar to some of the lower realms' lower level cultivation methods.
The smoke in Luo Zheng's hands was visualized by him; it didn't contain the power of Laws!
According to reason, the higher the level of a cultivation method, the stronger the power of Laws it contained. In this universe, the so-called 'transcendent divine mights' were cultivation methods that an Empyrean comprehended through their own understanding of the law of cause and effect!
But the Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was the opposite!
On the first page of this ancient book, there was a pattern drawn on it.
This was a sphere with eight holes, and in this pattern, there was a thin line that ran through these eight holes …
Up until now, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to figure out what this thing was. But, the first step in cultivating this Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was to visualize this pattern!
But under this visualization, the more Luo Zheng looked at it, the more mysterious it became!
The positions of the eight holes, the route that the thin line ran through, all of these were faintly reminding Luo Zheng of something. This pattern seemed as if it wanted to say something, but didn't. It even gave birth to a strange feeling in Luo Zheng's heart!
This sort of feeling was something that Luo Zheng had only experienced once in all these years!
And that was when Luo Zheng was crossing tribulation for the first time on the Divine Kingdom continent.
In the final moment of Luo Zheng's tribulation, a black light that could destroy the heavens and earth appeared. This black light pulled a thin line that constantly circled in the air, weaving together and slowly falling down towards Luo Zheng!
It seemed as if the black light's thin line was disorderly and disorderly, as if it were randomly passing through the air. But, its trajectory seemed to follow some sort of extremely terrifying law!
Although Luo Zheng could faintly feel this law, Luo Zheng couldn't explain it. He couldn't even describe it!
The lines of this pattern recorded in the Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke were not as complicated as the black light's thin line. But, the feeling that Luo Zheng gave off was similar …
Thus, although this body law martial skill couldn't be considered a transcendent divine might and it didn't contain any source Laws, Luo Zheng still continued to cultivate it without hesitation!
Woosh!
As the smoke and dust spread down from Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
At the same time …
A black profound iron broadsword cut through space, quietly appearing behind Luo Zheng!
The moment the broadsword struck out, two other weapons appeared from two other directions …
"Kill!"
"Monarch Slash!"
Facing this sudden attack, Luo Zheng's complexion didn't change at all. He gently shook his body in the air. The visualization diagram had already been memorized in Luo Zheng's mind. His entire body relaxed. He no longer had any killing intent nor did he have any thoughts of counterattacking. It was as if he had resigned himself to death, as if he didn't care at all. Even his state of mind began to cooperate with this movement technique.
As these three people used their swift and fierce methods, they naturally created a series of fluctuations!
In particular, the broadsword wielding martial artist. As he chopped down with his saber, there was a whistling sound, as if even space itself would be cut apart!
But at this time, Luo Zheng was like a wisp of blue smoke, wandering between the heavens and earth …
The broadsword broke through space, directly reaching Luo Zheng's back. The speed of this broadsword could be called lightning fast. An ordinary person wouldn't be able to clearly see the broadsword shadow even if they tried.
But when the broadsword was three inches away from Luo Zheng's body, his body moved along with the broadsword!
It wasn't that Luo Zheng was moving, but that the broadsword had "pushed" Luo Zheng away!
Since the first slash didn't hit, the broadsword wielding martial artist didn't hesitate at all. The broadsword in his hand swung down again. The second slash!
Luo Zheng still maintained a distance of three inches away from him, and still didn't hit!
The third slash!
Still three inches!
Seeing this scene, the broadsword wielding demon martial artist was somewhat stunned.
Although he didn't slow down his attacks, his heart was filled with horror.
What kind of movement technique was this …
He had never seen such a strange movement technique!
This guy's body seemed to be weightless. As long as he swung his broadsword, he would be pushed away by a certain distance. Then he would slash again, and push again!
In this way, he couldn't kill Luo Zheng at all!
He maintained a distance of three inches from Luo Zheng. These three inches … were like a natural moat that couldn't be crossed!
The Monarch Slash was also a swift and fierce saber technique. It was originally thought to be the seven most swift and fierce saber moves of the demon race's great emperor. It contained an extreme saber intent sealed within the Monarch Seven Sabers.

Chapter 1186
When the opponent's seven slashes stopped, Luo Zheng's figure also stopped. He floated motionlessly in the air as if he was drifting with the waves.
When he practiced this 《Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke》, he already knew the peculiarities of this movement technique.
In order to verify the wonders of this movement technique, Mu Mingxue also tried to break this movement technique with her long sword! But no matter how Mu Mingxue attacked, she was unable to hurt Luo Zheng in the slightest!
In this world, there was nothing that was absolutely forbidden …
Even the motionless trees would tremble slightly. The stars in the sky would rotate either fast or slow. It was said that even the hundred thousand great realms would slowly move in their own direction. There were even some great realms that would collide with each other! Of course, this process was calculated in millions or even tens of millions of years!
And this 《Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke》 essentially allowed one to feel any fluctuation, even the slightest fluctuation …
Just this slightest fluctuation was enough to push Luo Zheng's figure away. This was also the reason why the Seven Slashes of the Monarch didn't land on Luo Zheng's body.
In the end, Mu Mingxue's strength was still too weak!
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the three demon race martial artists in front of him naturally couldn't be considered strong. However, they were also suitable to inspect this 《Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke》!
"Hu hu …"
When the first saber-wielding martial artist stopped attacking, the second person's long spear once again pierced towards Luo Zheng!
"Cup Bow Snake Shadow Spear!"
The tip of the spear was like a long snake, spitting out its black tongue as it went straight for Luo Zheng's glabella.
Facing this spear, Luo Zheng still didn't dodge …
His entire body stretched out in an upside-down position, but his eyes were indifferently staring at the spear tip not far away!
This spear tip, which was suffused with a cold black light, remained three inches away from Luo Zheng's glabella … At this distance, Luo Zheng could clearly see the faint lines on the spear tip!
Just three more inches, and the spear would pierce Luo Zheng's glabella …
But these three inches were forever a distance that could only be looked at and could never be reached!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The Demon Race cultivator's complexion became increasingly solemn. The long spear in his hand danced in the air like a shuttle, and a series of sonic booms rang out in the air, like a series of firecrackers!
But no matter how nimble and fierce the spear was, it was unable to pierce Luo Zheng …
Seeing this scene, the faces of the three turned gloomy.
Although they couldn't understand Luo Zheng's strange movements, even an idiot could understand that Luo Zheng didn't see them as his opponents.
To the demons, being humiliated in battle was an unforgivable thing.
"Second Brother, Third Brother, block his path of retreat!" The leading Demon Race cultivator roared, and the black broadsword in his hand slashed out again.
From Luo Zheng's point of view, the 《Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke》 he used actually contained some kind of wind moving rule, and this rule contained some kind of supreme technique, so it could create an insurmountable distance of three inches. But in the eyes of these three cultivators, Luo Zheng was using his own speed to artificially maintain a distance and play with the three of them!
There was a way to break Luo Zheng's strange movements. Under the encirclement of the three, Luo Zheng had nowhere to hide.
But they had greatly underestimated the wonders of the 《Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke》 …
The three of them had indeed blocked Luo Zheng's path of retreat. A saber, a spear, and a sword had firmly trapped Luo Zheng in the center from three different directions.
No matter which direction Luo Zheng retreated, he would bump into the weapon of the other person.
But under the pressure of the three people, a strange scene appeared!
His whole body actually twisted, like a squid that could stretch and shrink freely, and squeezed through the gap between the three people's weapons!
From the beginning to the end, he still maintained a distance of three inches …
"This …"
Seeing this scene, the three Fiend Race martial artists were also dumbfounded.
They even doubted whether Luo Zheng was human …
Whether it was the Demon Clan or the Human Clan, there were some body techniques that could distort one's body. Cultivators refined their bodies, and they could be both hard and soft. If necessary, even the burly Demon Clan cultivators could fold their bodies into an unimaginable angle. This was not a difficult matter.
But just now, the distance between the three people's weapons was only half a foot!
Luo Zheng's body had turned into a flat object, and slipped away from the less than half a foot width. Moreover, in the process of slipping away, he still maintained a distance of three inches. Luo Zheng's body was twisted to the extreme, as if he was a mollusk …
When Luo Zheng escaped from their attack range, his whole body returned to normal, and there was still a faint smile on his face. "Continue?"
Two of the Demon Clan cultivators revealed horrified expressions. In their hearts, they were already thinking of retreating …
The three brothers originally had a trace of confidence that they could take Luo Zheng's life, as well as the fantasy points in his body. However, in this strange battle, their confidence was slowly eroded. They realized that they had picked the wrong target.
"If I don't continue, then I'll take it back?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of coldness. Killing the three people in front of him would give him 150 fantasy points!
Just as Luo Zheng's voice fell, a "pop" sound was heard. It was the sound of a bowstring being shot!
"Whoosh —"
Not far away, the remaining Demon Clan cultivator pulled the bowstring and shot an arrow at Luo Zheng!
"This …"
Luo Zheng also realized that something was wrong. Immediately after, he saw the arrow that was shot directly at him!
"Eight Winding Smoke … Withdraw …"
Before Luo Zheng had time to disperse the faint smoke around his body, the arrow stuck to Luo Zheng's chest …
Just like the previous attack, the arrowhead of this arrow was always three inches away from Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's body, which was as light as a wisp of smoke, was propelled backwards by the arrow!
How fast was the speed of the arrow? Not to mention that this arrow was shot by a Divine Ocean Realm cultivator.
In an instant, this arrow pushed Luo Zheng more than ten thousand feet away. Only when the power of this arrow gradually weakened and the tip of the arrow fell down did Luo Zheng's body finally stop.
What made Luo Zheng even more helpless was that even when the tip of the arrow fell down, his body still kept three inches away from the tip of the arrow, as if he wanted to be hit by this arrow. The moment the arrow fell to the ground, Luo Zheng's body twisted again and forcibly squeezed out of the gap between the tip of the arrow and the ground.
During this process, Luo Zheng's body still kept three inches away from the tip of the arrow and the ground …
Even Luo Zheng himself didn't expect such a situation. He himself was stunned.
"What is this Eight Winding Smoke? Isn't this a crazy body movement …" Luo Zheng was speechless for a while. When he used this body movement, he seemed to involuntarily keep three inches away from the opponent. This inexplicable body movement made Luo Zheng quite speechless. At the same time, he faintly suspected that he had been tricked by that unreliable Second Senior Brother.
When he dispersed the smoke around his body and slowly rose into the air, the three Demon Clan cultivators fled in the opposite direction.
"Sou ~ ~"
These three people secretly followed him. Now that they saw that they couldn't do anything to him, they wanted to escape. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let them go.
Although he was thousands of feet away from these three Demon Clan cultivators, with Luo Zheng's strength, it wouldn't be difficult for him to catch up and kill the three of them!
These three Demon Clan cultivators had basically fallen into a state of despair and had already planned to surrender. Their strength was not on the same level as Luo Zheng's.
Fortunately, this was the Illusory Battlefield. After they died, they still had a chance to be reborn. However, they would probably lose half of their Illusory Points …
They didn't expect that in a moment of desperation, one of them shot an arrow and actually pushed Luo Zheng so far away. Like Luo Zheng, these three people were also stunned. The Demon Clan cultivator who shot the arrow wanted to swear on the spot that he had never seen such a strange scene in his life.
Since they had pushed Luo Zheng so far away, there was no reason for them not to run.
Seeing that this fiend was actually chasing them crazily, the three activated their armor at the same time and slowly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
However, this move didn't mean much to Luo Zheng. In the end, the three people still couldn't escape the fate of being killed by Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1187
Red dots of light were constantly returning to the main city.
Warriors were constantly killed and half of their Fantasy Points were squeezed out. After a period of waiting, they would be revived.
This process was an excellent cultivation opportunity for martial artists!
Not all martial artists could enter the Illusory Space to cultivate ….
In fact, in a large world, only the core cultivation grounds of the tenth-rank Holy Lands had Fantasy Spaces built.
Usually, only the core geniuses of the Holy Lands were qualified to enter.
But now, the Fantasy Battlefield was open to the 100,000 large worlds. All Divine Sea Realm warriors, regardless of their background or talent, could freely enter and fight.
Some Divine Sea Realm warriors were very clear that it was simply wishful thinking to obtain a good ranking in the Fantasy Battlefield with their own strength.
There were too many geniuses in the 100,000 large worlds …
Some inheritors of small Holy Lands, the descendants of some City Lords, the core geniuses of Holy Lands, and even the successors of Holy Lands' Holy Lords …
Just these martial artists alone were a terrifying number, not to mention the many successors of the Realm Masters, and even the descendants of the Empyreans. There were also martial artists who possessed the destiny of a great era, the favored children of the heavens and earth!
With these top geniuses in front of them, how difficult was it to stand out in the Fantasy Battlefield?
After giving up on fighting for a ranking, some warriors became indifferent to the Fantasy Points. They continued to fight outside the city, training, dying, reviving, and repeating the cycle. In this life and death experience, they comprehended a trace of Dao Heart!
Above the Cloud Mist Palace, a giant pyramid appeared as well.
Many warriors would occasionally check this pyramid to see the rankings of the trillions of warriors on the pyramid!
"Luo Zheng's name … hasn't stood out." An old man stood respectfully beside Yun Luo. "There are too many names on the lower levels of the pyramid. We can't find him! However, Ai Anxin's name has floated up. She's ranked 13,000th in her large world and 4.6 million in the entire Fantasy Battlefield! "
With Yun Luo and the old man's perception, they could easily find their target from the millions of names …
However, after Luo Zheng left the city, he didn't accumulate any Fantasy Points. Now, not only did his ranking not rise, it fell. Now, Luo Zheng's ranking was tens of billions behind!
Finding Luo Zheng in this sea of names was definitely not an easy task.
"That's strange. What's that guy doing?" Yun Luo looked puzzled.
With Luo Zheng's strength, even if he couldn't dominate the Illusory Battlefield, it wouldn't be difficult for him to stand out in a city. Getting into the top 5 million should be a simple matter for Luo Zheng.
"Continue to observe. Report to me if there are any Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace cultivators," Yun Luo said calmly.
Misty Cloud Palace was one of the core factions of the Human Alliance, and its cultivators were all elites …
However, the universe was so big, and there were so many amazing talents in unknown corners. Therefore, Yun Luo did not dare to say that the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces could take first place.
At this stage, Ai Anxin had already entered the 130,000 rankings of a great world. With her talent and strength, it shouldn't be a problem for her to enter the top 5000 rankings. If she wanted to go any further, it would depend on her performance and strength.
Within the dreamland, within the 50 great worlds, countless main cities were engaged in a frenzy of slaughter. As for the names of these peak geniuses, in front of the eyes of the countless lives within the 100,000 great worlds, they raced towards the top of the pyramid!
Twelve hours later, the curtain of night fell.
However, there was no distinction between day and night in the Illusory Battlefield. The battles continued …
"Pa!"
A vicious tortoise's shell was shattered by Luo Zheng's punch. As a faint azure light flashed past, the body hidden beneath the tortoise shell was easily killed by Luo Zheng.
When the tortoise's corpse disappeared, ten fantasy points shot out from it and headed straight for Luo Zheng.
Traveling in the wilderness, the speed of accumulating fantasy points was rather slow, but Luo Zheng didn't care.
In fact, many experts were like Luo Zheng, temporarily leaving their main cities and waiting for the grass to grow and the sheep to grow fat. Some cultivators even dug a large hole and slept in it.
Luo Zheng used this opportunity to explore the wilderness. He didn't want to waste time.
After killing this vicious tortoise, Luo Zheng looked at the undulating hills in front of him. It was as if he couldn't see the end …
The Illusory Battlefield was so huge, equivalent to the area of 50 great worlds. Although there were countless main cities in it, the distance between each main city was probably not too close!
"It's about time to go back." Luo Zheng looked into the distance and smiled slightly. Then, he prepared to return to the main city. It was almost time to harvest.
However, just as Luo Zheng turned his head, he suddenly felt a faint energy fluctuation coming from the front left.
His eyes flashed slightly, and his figure disappeared. Then, he appeared at the foot of the hill in front of him.
In the basin below the two mountains, there was a light that was constantly rotating, and this light was coming from a cave.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng was slightly startled.
This Illusory Battlefield didn't seem to be as simple as Luo Zheng imagined. Perhaps, the way to get Illusory Points wasn't just from other cultivators.
Around this rotating light, there were three mice covered with golden hair. These mice were huge, as big as a piglet. Just by lying there, they emitted a majestic aura. This aura was emitted from their blood!
"Divine Beast, Heavenly Mouse?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
A real adult Divine Beast was still very powerful. These Heavenly Mice were all Level 11 Divine Beasts, comparable to the Divine Sea Realm. However, because of their Divine Beast bloodline, it was still a bit troublesome to deal with them.
What was in this cave? There were actually three Heavenly Mice guarding it?
Because of this, Luo Zheng was even more interested in this cave!
The Heavenly Rat was also a peak existence among the Mythological Beasts. On one hand, it was because of its powerful attack power. Their talents were all concentrated on that pair of indestructible rat teeth. On the other hand, it was the fastest Mythological Beast.
Three Heavenly Mice were a bit troublesome for Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng wouldn't give up exploring this cave.
After all, in the Illusory Battlefield, if you failed, you would have a chance to try again. Besides, Luo Zheng wasn't necessarily afraid of these Heavenly Mice …
He slowly walked down the hill.
The three Heavenly Mice, who were originally crawling together, raised their heads vigilantly. Six pairs of soybean-sized black eyes stared at Luo Zheng. At the same time, they made squeaking sounds as if they were communicating something.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm, but the degree of caution in his heart was increasing. These Heavenly Mice could stand at the top of the Divine Beasts, so they were no small matter.
Twenty Zhang …
Fifteen Zhang …
Ten Zhang!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
When Luo Zheng's footsteps had just stepped into the range of ten Zhang, the three Heavenly Mice suddenly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight!
As the three blurry shadows flashed in his eyes, Luo Zheng felt a sharp pain on his body, as if he had been scratched by something sharp!
Soon after, the three Heavenly Mice reappeared not far away. They formed a triangle with each other, surrounding Luo Zheng. At the same time, they bared their sharp front teeth at Luo Zheng! Gorgeous colors flowed on the front teeth. This pair of front teeth was the innate ability of the Heavenly Mouse. It also contained the law of karma, which allowed their lethality to reach a terrifying level.
"Puff puff puff!"
At this time, three streaks of blood sprayed out from Luo Zheng's body. They were from his left shoulder, right chest, and leg.
This speed was indeed fast to an unimaginable extent!
Luo Zheng didn't care about the wounds on his body. The speed of these three little Heavenly Mice had exceeded some kind of limit. Luo Zheng wouldn't foolishly chase after them.
Luo Zheng still locked on to the flickering whirlpool of light above the cave. He then lifted his foot and walked toward the cave!
Just as he moved, the three Heavenly Mice disappeared again!
The moment they disappeared, Luo Zheng suddenly pulled out the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword in his hand. A sword shadow like a wheel protected him. At the same time, dozens of ghost shadows bloomed from the tip of the sword. With Luo Zheng as the center, they spread to the surroundings.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1188
The outermost layer had dozens of ghostly shadows, while the inner layer had a circular sword light protecting his body.
Luo Zheng's attack could be said to be airtight.
But even so, he still couldn't block the attack of the three Heaven Reaching Rats …
The speed of the three Heaven Reaching Rats still exceeded Luo Zheng's estimation!
The three small golden rat shadows drilled through the dense ghostly shadows at an unobservable speed. Although Luo Zheng's sword light was revolving around him like a roulette, it was just an illusion caused by the high-speed rotation of the sword. In fact, there was a gap between the speed of the sword light and the speed of the sword light.
The Heaven Reaching Rats were petite, so they easily drilled through the gap and quickly approached Luo Zheng!
"Puff, puff, puff!"
There were still three bursts of blood!
One of the wounds was on Luo Zheng's collarbone above his chest. In the nick of time, Luo Zheng's body leaned back slightly. Otherwise, his throat would have been bitten off.
Although the wound caused by the Heaven Reaching Rats' attack wasn't big, the pair of rat teeth were almost indestructible. Now, ordinary attacks couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body, but in the face of the rat's attack, he couldn't resist at all!
"Squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak …"
In the blink of an eye, the three Heaven Reaching Rats appeared not far away. They still maintained a certain distance from Luo Zheng, and they were constantly communicating with each other. But in their bean-sized black eyes, there was a hint of ridicule.
Basically, all mythological beasts had already gained intelligence. Naturally, the Heaven Reaching Rats were no exception …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's expression became calmer and calmer.
The Heaven Reaching Rats were ranked first among the mythological beasts, and they were worthy of their name. This race might be second only to the super mythological beasts.
It was said that the reproductive ability of the Heaven Reaching Rats was much stronger than that of ordinary mythological beasts. Now, Luo Zheng was only facing three Heaven Reaching Rats, so the pressure wasn't particularly great. But if there were hundreds or thousands of Heaven Reaching Rats … he might have to run away now.
In terms of speed alone, Luo Zheng might not be able to do anything to these Heaven Reaching Rats. He couldn't even catch their figures, so how could he kill them?
Fortunately, the habits of these Heaven Reaching Rats were also very strange. If Luo Zheng didn't move, they wouldn't move either. But as long as Luo Zheng moved, they would launch the most accurate attack in the shortest time.
Luo Zheng stood in place quietly pondering for a while......... com..
.. a........................................
............
Although this movement technique was somewhat inexplicable, under many circumstances, it had the ability to catch the enemy off guard!
............................................
...........................................
...........
. Only the sound could be heard, but not their shadows!
The moment the first rat shadow pounced on Luo Zheng, it pushed Luo Zheng back!
The second rat shadow pounced from another direction. Luo Zheng's body changed direction. He was still floating in the air...
. and the third one..
. No matter how the three rat shadows pounced, Luo Zheng was always able to keep a distance of three inches between him and them... .. Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferently watching the colorful rat teeth in front of him. His face was indifferent.
The speed of the Heavenly Rat's attack was shockingly fast, but Luo Zheng's speed of retreating was also shockingly fast.
If anyone saw this scene, they would definitely be shocked to the point of being dumbfounded!
This was because they could only see four shadows that intersected in an instant. They couldn't even tell what these four shadows were!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
As he dodged again and again, Luo Zheng drew out strands of chaotic energy from his body!
Luo Zheng used half of the Chaotic Qi to replenish the consumption of the Eight Directional Smoke, while the other half silently sank into the ground.
The Primal Chaos Aura that had entered the ground quietly connected together, forming a faint ring.
The ring enveloped an area with a radius of a thousand feet. At the same time, the mysterious power of Law began to condense on the ring. The power of Law contained not only the Law of Thunder, but also traces of Taoist Connotation coiled around it, like tiny dragons entwined together …
This was the second cultivation technique that Luo Zheng had cultivated in the past few years, the Thunder Calamity Annihilation!
The second cultivation technique that the Second Senior-apprentice Brother had recommended to Luo Zheng was also an extremely powerful cultivation technique.
Compared to the Eight Directional Smoke, the Thunder Calamity Annihilation seemed more 'normal'. But this so-called 'normal' was only relative to Luo Zheng!
He didn't know what level of cultivation technique the Thunder Calamity Annihilation belonged to, or whether it could be considered a transcendent divine might. But ever since Luo Zheng started cultivating it, he discovered that the Thunder Calamity Annihilation consumed an extreme amount of chaotic energy.
For an ordinary Divine Sea realm martial artist, even if they exhausted their entire Divine Sea realm, they might not be able to display the Thunder Calamity Annihilation. This was because the true essence consumption of this cultivation technique was too great!
Even for Luo Zheng, in order to arrange the Thunder Calamity Annihilation, he had consumed a considerable amount of chaotic energy!
While cultivating in the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had experienced the might of the Thunder Calamity Annihilation several times. But this was the first time that Luo Zheng had used it in actual combat …
The three Heavenly Rats were still rapidly rushing towards Luo Zheng!
Speed was their greatest advantage. At this moment, they displayed their speed to the limit and stimulated their bloodline to the limit. Their fur exuded a pure golden brilliance!
But what they couldn't understand was that no matter how fast they increased their speed, the human in front of them was still able to maintain the same speed as them!
When they were fast, Luo Zheng was fast. When they were slow, Luo Zheng was also slow. It was as if this human would never be able to touch him, as if he were an illusion!
In the moment that Luo Zheng activated the Thunder Calamity Annihilation, from the depths of their bloodline, a trace of throbbing throbbed. An intense sense of crisis was transmitted to them.
In that moment, the three Heavenly Rats seemed to have discussed this beforehand. They flew off in three different directions!
After losing his' propulsion ', Luo Zheng stopped moving once more. He floated up and down in the air, looking at the three rat shadows that scattered in all directions. His lips curved up in a smile.
"I can't escape …"
After the circle below was formed, the area within a radius of a thousand feet had become the land of tribulation.
All living creatures in this area would be baptized by the Thunder Calamity, except for Luo Zheng!
No matter how the three Heavenly Rats tried to escape, they were unable to escape from this place of tribulation. Their soybean-sized eyes were filled with terror, and at the same time, their squeaking sounds became sharp and urgent!
A huge pressure of heaven and earth appeared abruptly in the sky. The mysterious Taoist Connotation and Dharma were arranged neatly in the sky, which would only appear when someone was going through a tribulation. But Luo Zheng had forcibly attracted the Thunder Calamity.
"Boom!"
In the sky, a lightning bolt as thick as a dragon circled around, and then fell down!
This Thunder Calamity, which was attracted by Luo Zheng, began to baptize the area within a radius of a hundred feet.
Even at this moment, the three Heavenly Rats didn't choose to give up. They exerted their speed to the limit, and could even drill in the gaps between the forked lightning …
But the power of the Thunder Calamity Annihilation was too great. It almost completely covered the area within a radius of a thousand feet. It was a saturated attack. As more and more lightning bolts appeared, they became bigger and bigger. There were no loopholes or gaps at all. The three Heavenly Rats couldn't escape!
After dozens of breaths, the sky gradually returned to normal.
The three Heavenly Rats fell to the ground, and their bodies were scorched. Soon after, their corpses gradually dissipated. At the same time, each Heavenly Rat produced thousands of fantasy points, which flew toward Luo Zheng.
"There are actually 3,000 fantasy points?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile.
His original goal was that cave, but he didn't expect the reward of the Heavenly Rats to be so good. However, 3,000 fantasy points were nothing compared to other warriors!

Chapter 1189
Luo Zheng didn't even bother to check his ranking.
It wasn't that he didn't want to fight for a good ranking in the Illusory Battlefield. In fact, since he chose to enter, he wouldn't give up any chance to reach the top!
However, the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, so Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry.
After absorbing those fantasy points, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the cave. This cave was actually guarded by three Heavenly Rats. What was hidden inside?
As Luo Zheng walked towards the cave, the revolving light slowly moved over and blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
At the same time, a sentence appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
To enter the Evil Wind Cave, you need to pay 300,000 fantasy points!
300,000 fantasy points. Luo Zheng's face suddenly revealed a bitter smile.
Currently, he had collected less than 4,000 Fantasy Points. The difference was probably a little huge.
Luo Zheng was slightly depressed that he couldn't enter after using so many techniques. However, Luo Zheng remembered this place. Not only were there three divine beasts guarding it, but he also needed to pay 300,000 fantasy points to enter the cave. What exactly was inside?
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng didn't stay here. His figure rolled back and flew into the sky. He quickly returned to where he came from!
"Hu ~"
After 30 minutes, the main city once again appeared in Luo Zheng's sight.
At this moment, a demon race warrior in silver armor was crazily waving a pair of large blood axes in his hands. His body was surrounded by bloody aura!
This demon race warrior was the "Young Master Hao" that Luo Zheng had encountered in the city!
This Young Master Hao's background was also extraordinary. Although he wasn't a core disciple of a tenth-grade Holy Land, he came from a noble family in the demon race that was comparable to a tenth-grade Holy Land. This noble family was also quite famous in the demon race!
This time, when the Illusory Battlefield opened, he obtained a precious treasure from his family!
Not only did he put on the Holy Demon Armor, but he also took the Demon Blood Axes!
In the past several hours, Young Master Hao had organized the Demon Race martial artists and wiped out all the martial artists of the other races in one fell swoop. By himself, he had slaughtered six hundred human martial artists and three or four hundred martial artists of the other races. Altogether, the number of martial artists he had killed was over a thousand!
In the first round, he had earned more than 50,000 fantasy points. His ranking in the Illusory Battlefield immediately rushed to the top!
After these warriors were resurrected, he slaughtered a second round. The second death of warriors would reduce the fantasy points in their body by half. This time, he only obtained more than 20,000 fantasy points. After two rounds of slaughter, he had obtained a total of 70,000 fantasy points!
Under his greed, Young Master Hao originally wanted to slaughter a third round..........
...... but they weren't stupid.... but they weren't fools...
However, none of them were fools. After being killed once or twice, they all understood why they had to be manipulated by others.
Dying would only cause them to lose fantasy points. How could they be killed for no reason? Moreover, they had been staying in the city and were in an absolutely safe state. What could Young Master Hao do to them?
It wasn't just the warriors who were killed that had this thought. Even the demon race warriors who helped Young Master Hao had thought it through!
Everyone entered the Illusory Battlefield either to compete for a ranking or to gain experience. Young Master Hao might have a lot of charisma outside, but if he wanted to order people around here, there was no way. Although they were all demon race warriors, standing in the Illusory Battlefield, they were enemies....
Right now, Young Master Hao could only search for his own targets to obtain more fantasy points.
He was born in a famous family and had the hopes of many elders. Naturally, he hoped to obtain a good result!
However, not long after Young Master Hao left the city, he was targeted by a few demon race warriors.
In the beginning, Young Master Hao took advantage of everyone's lack of understanding of the rules to earn so many fantasy points. Naturally, there were people who were jealous. Killing Young Master Hao once would give them 30,000 to 40,000 fantasy points. This was a step to the top!
But Young Master Hao's strength was not bad. His talent was enough to enter the core disciples of some Holy Lands!
Moreover, he had treasures. Along the way, not only had he not been killed, but he had also killed five or six warriors and earned many points.
"Roar … Let's see how many of you trash I'll kill!" Young Master Hao activated his bloodline power at this moment. Bronze Blood!
This Bronze Blood was similar to the demon race's Berserk Blood. It could make a warrior forget pain for a short period of time. His strength would double, and he would become more excited. Rao Yong! However, the Bronze Blood's amplification was greater than the Berserk Blood. The damage to the body was less.
Since the three demon race warriors besieging him dared to find Young Master Hao, they weren't easy to deal with.
In the beginning, the three of them were able to suppress Young Master Hao. But after Young Master Hao's Bronze Blood was activated, he became fiercer and fiercer. This time, they were forced to retreat!
"Pu!"
In a moment of carelessness, the blood axe chopped down on one of the Demon Race cultivators. This heavy axe chopped down and split the Demon Race cultivator in two from head to toe!
After the demon race warrior fell, he turned into a red light and returned to the main city to revive. As for those fantasy points, they were naturally absorbed by Young Master Hao!
After one of them was killed by Young Master Hao, the remaining two were unable to resist. One of them even turned and ran, wanting to escape back to the main city!
But how could Young Master Hao, who had activated his Bronze Blood, let these two escape?
With a roar, a mysterious mark appeared on the Blood Axe in his hands. Then, he threw the Blood Axe in front of him!
"Hu hu hu …"
The two demon race warriors heard the sound of a heavy object flying from behind them. Before they could turn their heads to look, they saw the Blood Axe split into two, then two into four. Suddenly, countless Blood Axes appeared in the air!
"I'll cut you to pieces!"
With Young Master Hao's roar, the Blood Axes chopped down on the two demon race warriors at the same time.
In an instant, it was as if countless people were holding Blood Axes and chopping down. The two demon race warriors were directly chopped into pieces by the Blood Axes …
"Hu hu hu …"
The Blood Axes constantly merged together and finally returned to Young Master Hao's hands as two Blood Axes.
The Blood Axes in Young Master Hao's hands could indeed be regarded as first-grade divine artifacts. Many of the spectating warriors on the city walls were silent.
"Those Blood Axes … I thought they were illusions!"
"Humph, this Young Master Hao's strength is actually ordinary. He only relies on his family's Bronze Blood and those two divine artifacts!"
"With these two divine artifacts in hand, his offense is unparalleled. Moreover, he is invulnerable!"
Because of the strength that Young Master Hao displayed, the warriors in the city once again did not dare to leave the city …
Young Master Hao held the two Blood Axes in his hands and knocked the blunt side of the Blood Axes against his chest armor. Under the stimulation of the Bronze Blood, he roared at the warriors in the main city, "Idiots! Quickly come out and let me kill you! Other than contributing your own fantasy points, what else can you do? "
It had to be said that Young Master Hao was considered one of the smarter ones among the demon race. When he first stepped into the Illusion Battlefield, he was able to persuade the warriors of the same race to help him accumulate fantasy points.
Now that Young Master Hao had accumulated enough fantasy points, he was provoking them. The targets of his provocation were naturally not limited to foreign warriors. In fact, the warriors he was facing now were all from the demon race!
"You Pi! You go! "
"Damn it, I helped him kidnap so many human warriors before, but now he's biting back!"
"Sigh, this is the Illusion Battlefield. There is no distinction between races. We were stupid at the beginning!"
"Bang bang bang bang bang!"
Young Master Hao's two Blood Axes kept hitting his chest armor. The sound was earth-shattering. His pupils were dark red, but there was a trace of green in the dark red. That was the effect of the Bronze Blood.

Chapter 1190
Luo Zheng didn't restrain his aura at all.
It was just that this Young Master Hao was in a state of excitement, so he completely ignored the person behind him.
When Luo Zheng was only three steps away from Young Master Hao, Young Master Hao suddenly turned around. Under the control of the bronze blood, his body's instincts had replaced his thoughts!
He didn't even see Luo Zheng clearly. Under his conditioned reflex, Young Master Hao subconsciously launched an offensive against Luo Zheng.
The pair of massive blood axes flashed with a bloody light, spreading out a thick blood energy. The two axes slashed horizontally and vertically, as if someone had used an ink brush to draw a thick and colorful painting in front of him!
Hu hu hu hu …
Every swing of the axes was wrapped in a powerful aura!
Under the urging of the bronze blood, Young Master Hao's offensive didn't have any moves to speak of, nor did he need to use any!
Under such brute force, it was like mountains were collapsing and the earth was splitting apart. Everything within the area it enveloped would be completely annihilated. There was no fear or consideration!
Generally speaking, in the face of such an offensive, the vast majority of martial artists would choose to retreat first and look for another opportunity.
Facing a Demon Race martial artist head on, especially one who had activated the bronze blood, was an absolutely unwise choice!
However, Luo Zheng didn't retreat.
No matter how fast the blood axes swung, Luo Zheng's figure always maintained a distance of three inches from the blood axes.
He was like a butterfly in a storm. That storm could destroy houses and trees, but this little butterfly would always flutter in the wind, never falling!
This scene left the many martial artists hiding in the main city dumbfounded!
The main city was still some distance away from Luo Zheng. From their point of view, it was like Luo Zheng's entire body was glued to the blood axes.
This created an illusion. It was as if Young Master Hao didn't want to use the axes to cut down Luo Zheng, but instead, he wanted to shake Luo Zheng off the axes. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't shake Luo Zheng off …
"This guy, what did he do? How did he do it?"
"I'm guessing that he must have cultivated some strange cultivation method that allows him to stick to the blood axes!"
"That's not right. If Young Master Hao was stuck to the axes, then wouldn't that boy be dead?"
Atop the city walls, many Demon Race martial artists stared blankly at this scene, involuntarily discussing amongst themselves.
However, just as their voices fell, Young Master Hao really did it. This illusion wasn't unique to other martial artists. Young Master Hao also had this strange feeling......... this boy was stuck to his axes......
Thus, he raised the pair of blood axes high up, and was about to smash them down heavily!
...........................................
"Boom!"
The two Blood Axes were embedded in the ground and immediately split open a huge crack in the ground!
This crack extended all the way to the front, extending for more than ten miles. It could be said to be a small canyon!
.......
. "" This human martial artist is really strange. He's like a slippery loach! "
The martial artists atop the city walls were stunned once again!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure was floating at the end of the blood axes. His feet were still three inches away from the blood axes.
Even under the stimulation of the Bronze Blood, Young Master Hao paused his attack and couldn't help but size up the person in front of him!
"It's you!"
At this moment, Young Master Hao finally recognized Luo Zheng.
It was one of the two human martial artists before the Fantasy Battlefield opened!
Young Master Hao had misjudged at that time. He didn't expect these two human martial artists to have such extraordinary strength that they could kill 11 Demon Race martial artists in an instant.
Even so, Young Master Hao didn't take these two people to heart.
In Young Master Hao's opinion, the real experts would choose to block the city gates to farm Fantasy Points. These two human martial artists chose to leave because they were confident.
What he didn't know was that the efficiency of blocking the city gates was relatively low. Who would be willing to go out of the city to die?
In Luo Zheng's eyes, martial artists like Young Master Hao who used "blocking the city gates" to earn Fantasy Points were just sheep eating grass. Now that he had returned, he would definitely choose to slaughter this sheep …....
. "It's me," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile on his face.
"Haha, good. Let's see how far you can hide!" Young Master Hao laughed wildly. Although he was afraid of Luo Zheng's strange movement technique, under the effect of the Bronze Blood, he didn't have any fear. The pair of blood axes staggered and then attacked from both sides, one above and one below.
If Luo Zheng was hit by these two blood axes, he would be directly cut into three pieces!
This time, Luo Zheng didn't choose to dodge!
After the white smoke on his body dispersed, Luo Zheng opened his hands. His eyes were fixed on Young Master Hao, and a faint smile still appeared on his face.
"Shua shua!"
Luo Zheng's hands were like snakes coming out of their holes. In an instant, he grabbed the two blood axes.
Young Master Hao's two slashes were enough to split mountains and split the earth!
Almost all the martial artists thought that Luo Zheng would use that strange movement technique to dodge again.
However, Luo Zheng didn't dodge this time. Instead, he directly stretched out his hand and grabbed the Demon Race martial artist's axe with his bare hands! Luo Zheng's ten fingers were deeply embedded in the surface of the blood axes. This Secondary Grade One Divine Tool had ten deep grooves dug out by his fingers.
This side of the main city suddenly quieted down.
These Demon Race martial artists were ruthless by nature, and because of their massive bodies, the Demon Race martial artists lived in very noisy places. Just a slight opening of their mouths would cause their voices to shake the heavens. There weren't many things that could make them so quiet!
Something that defied common sense appeared in front of their eyes.
This human martial artist actually used his bare hands to catch Young Master Hao's two axes!
In this universe, all the races focused on different things. It could be said that every race displayed their strengths to the extreme.
Humans were suited for True Cultivation, the Demon Race was suited for Body Tempering, and the Demon Night Clan was innately strong. Choosing any one of these was a good choice …
99% of the Demon Race martial artists would choose Body Tempering, and this Young Master Hao was an outstanding Demon Race Body Tempering master. But no matter how they looked at it, this human boy seemed to be a martial artist that cultivated true essence.
In a situation where they couldn't feel any true essence fluctuations from his body, he had actually caught Young Master Hao's two blood axes with his bare hands!
In the eyes of these Demon Race martial artists, this was simply like seeing a ghost!
To be so easily defeated in one's own field of expertise, this sort of setback was extremely difficult to bear. It was a great blow to them.
What was even more frightening was that Luo Zheng's ten fingers had actually directly dug out grooves in this Secondary Grade One Divine Tool!
This was a Lesser Grade One God Artifact … and this Blood Axe was huge and heavy. It was far stronger than swords, spears, and sabers. Axes and hammers of the same grade consumed several times more materials than weapons of the same grade, and the Blood Axe itself was much stronger.
The facts were placed in front of them. Many Demon Race martial artists subconsciously shook their heads, as if they didn't want to believe it. But, their eyes wouldn't deceive them.
"How did he do it …?"
"There are no true essence fluctuations. This human boy doesn't seem to cultivate the true essence system!"
"No, he isn't a Body Tempering master. I don't feel any eruption of astral essence!"
Many Demon Race martial artists stared at Luo Zheng. After a moment of silence, they began to discuss amongst themselves. Their voices were particularly loud …
And in this discussion, they came to an even more terrifying conclusion.
Luo Zheng hadn't relied on true essence or astral essence. He had used his own mortal body and his own strength to block these two blood axes!
"Where the hell did this freak crawl out from …" A Demon Race cultivator suddenly blurted out such a sentence.
Compared to outsiders, Young Master Hao's shock was likely countless times greater …
He had hidden the bronze blood deep within him and was a legitimate descendant of the Demon Race's Gold Family. Although he couldn't compare to those World Lords or Empyrean descendants, he was still qualified to become a core disciple of a tenth-grade Holy Land! Whether it was his talent or his bloodline, he was the best of the best.
After the bronze blood erupted, it could cause his strength to increase by three times. When combined with the Refined Blood Astral Essence that he cultivated, even a Divine Realm powerhouse wouldn't be able to withstand the might of his axe!
But in front of him, this human boy who didn't seem strong or tall had actually grabbed his axe with his bare hands?
As he looked at Luo Zheng's faint smile, a deep sense of humiliation rose up from the bottom of his heart. And what was worse was that he couldn't pull out this pair of blood axes!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1191
The brown muscles on Young Master Hao's arms bulged. The meridians on his arms were like small snakes wriggling on them!
In his red eyes, the green light became more and more intense. The bronze blood had been pushed to the extreme!
In the lower realm, this power was enough to overturn mountains and shatter the earth.
But such a powerful force couldn't pull the two axes out of Luo Zheng's hands!
"Just a little bit more … This human brat's strength should be at the end of his tether!"
Even so, Young Master Hao didn't choose to give up!
"Chop them down!"
Young Master Hao roared. He gave up on the idea of pulling the blood axes out. Instead, he used his strength in the opposite direction and squeezed the blood axes in the middle again!
But the blood axes still didn't move. They seemed to be completely embedded in Luo Zheng's hands. It was as if they were one with Luo Zheng. No matter which direction he used his strength, the blood axes didn't react at all.
"Heh …"
Luo Zheng smiled. His hands that were holding the blood axes suddenly exerted more strength.
"Crack …"
Several cracks began to spread rapidly between Luo Zheng's hands. Soon, they covered the entire surface of the axes.
"Crack …"
Soon, the blood axes turned into countless pieces in front of everyone's eyes!
As for Young Master Hao, he was holding two bare axes. He stood there in a daze. The two axes had turned into two "short sticks" in a blink of an eye. He couldn't accept it.
He didn't care about the blood axes.
These two blood axes were the most precious treasures of his family. But this was the Illusory Battlefield. When warriors entered with weapons, they were projections. They couldn't use them in the Illusory Battlefield. But outside of the Illusory Battlefield, they didn't lose anything. Because of this, in this Illusory Battlefield, all the divine weapons and supreme divine weapons of the major races appeared. The supreme divine weapons that originally belonged to Realm Lords, Great Realm Lords, and even Heavenly Venerables were brought into the Illusory Battlefield by the Divine Sea Realm warriors!
What Young Master Hao couldn't accept was Luo Zheng's power and the strength of his hands!
A guy who could crush a first-grade divine weapon …
This scene was like a bolt of lightning, exploding in his head. He realized that he had met a monster.
"It's over!"
Luo Zheng didn't want to waste too much time on Young Master Hao. His purpose of returning to the main city this time was to reap the benefits. Young Master Hao was obviously Luo Zheng's first target.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Young Master Hao's strength was far inferior to Tong Tian Rat's.
Although Young Master Hao's strength was considered extraordinary among the Demon Race warriors, Luo Zheng had never been defeated by a warrior of the same level of strength. Not to mention the same level of strength, even a Divine Realm warrior couldn't compete with him in terms of strength!
....
Luo Zheng's finger touched Young Master Hao's forehead, and his huge head turned into a bloody mist. His headless body fell backwards.
.....
. After the burly body fell to the ground, it began to dissipate slowly. A red light spot shot back into the main city.
At the same time, a large number of fantasy points escaped from Young Master Hao's body. These yellow light spots quickly shot into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's fantasy points were increasing rapidly!
Many of the Demon Race warriors on the city wall had envious looks on their faces.
Young Master Hao had accumulated 70,000 to 80,000 fantasy points. Now that Luo Zheng had killed Young Master Hao once, he could obtain half of Young Master Hao's fantasy points. This reward was very generous.
Young Master Hao had painstakingly accumulated half of Young Master Hao's fantasy points as a wedding dress for Luo Zheng.
"A total of 37,400 Fantasy Points … In addition to the Fantasy Points I've accumulated before, I now have over 40,000 Fantasy Points. In this large world, I'm ranked … 520,000. In the Fantasy Battlefield, I'm ranked 24,000,000 …"
This ranking was already a top-notch existence for many martial artists.
After all, this involved the competition of hundreds of millions of warriors. There were a large number of geniuses in front of Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng also revealed a wry smile. He was far behind. There were more than 20 million Divine Sea Realm warriors in front of him.
After checking, Luo Zheng glanced at the Demon Race warriors on the city wall.
Previously, when Young Master Hao had activated the Bronze Blood, these Demon Race warriors didn't dare to leave the city. Now, facing Luo Zheng, how could they dare to leave the main city?
However, when the forest was big, there were all kinds of birds!
Some warriors didn't come for the ranking or fantasy points. They entered the Illusory Battlefield to challenge themselves. They wanted to experience life and death and try to break through their shackles.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, three or four Demon Race warriors suddenly rushed out from the city wall. These Demon Race warriors were heading straight for Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng sized up these Demon Race warriors indifferently. They were only at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm and had ordinary talents. They were not Luo Zheng's opponents at all. However, since they were willing to give him fantasy points, how could Luo Zheng refuse?
These warriors wanted to challenge Luo Zheng because they wanted to know the gap between themselves and the strong warriors.
Unfortunately, even though they were warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, the gap between them and Luo Zheng was still too big … Even if they were warriors of the Extreme God Realm, Luo Zheng could easily kill them if they were of average talent, let alone these warriors of the Divine Sea Realm with average talent.
They didn't even see clearly how Luo Zheng attacked before they were sent back to the main city by Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng killed these people, he was in a daze …
Although he knew that these Divine Sea Realm warriors didn't have many fantasy points, he didn't expect it to be so little. Four Divine Sea Realm warriors only had two fantasy points!
Two of them contributed one fantasy point each. The other two were completely empty. They didn't have any fantasy points at all!
Luo Zheng left the main city at the beginning. Naturally, he didn't know the madness of these warriors. After they were resurrected, they immediately went out of the city to find people to kill. After they died, they returned to the main city, resurrected, killed, and resurrected again. They didn't rest at all!
This was a group of lunatics who cultivated their Dao Heart. They didn't care about fantasy points at all. They just wanted to take advantage of the opening of the Illusory Battlefield to give themselves the perfect experience. The more powerful warriors they faced, the better!
After Luo Zheng took care of these four warriors, another three warriors came straight at Luo Zheng.
This time, even Luo Zheng didn't have much interest. Although Luo Zheng couldn't determine how many fantasy points they had, he could roughly estimate their strength based on the aura emitted by these warriors. Warriors with weak strength were destined to not have many fantasy points!
Therefore, Luo Zheng crossed the space with one step. He flickered along the main city and quickly disappeared in front of everyone's eyes.
After Luo Zheng left, many warriors on the city wall just sighed. Then, the outside of the city became lively again …
This main city wasn't small. After Luo Zheng rushed out for a distance, he encountered another "sheep". This demon warrior's strength was similar to that Young Master Hao. He was also constantly harvesting fantasy points from ordinary warriors outside the city wall.
But in the end, he was unlucky and encountered Luo Zheng …
After a fierce battle, the Demon Race martial artist turned into a red light and flew into the main city.
Not long after returning to the main city, he encountered two "sheep". His luck was pretty good. After absorbing nearly 30,000 fantasy points, Luo Zheng's fantasy points had accumulated to about 70,000. His ranking rose rapidly again. In this large world, his ranking had reached 410,000. In the Illusory Battlefield, his overall ranking was 19,000,000!
But this ranking was still hard to notice in the countless pyramids in the outside world …
Previously, these warriors had worked hard to kill each other. They could only obtain 50 dream points for each person they killed. Now, Luo Zheng could obtain tens of thousands of dream points for each person he killed. A warrior like Young Master Hao was indeed working hard for a warrior like Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng wasn't the only warrior who returned this time.
The grass was eaten by the sheep, and the sheep were eaten by the wolves …
Wolves like Luo Zheng had already begun to return. The first thing they did after returning to the main city was to clean up the fat sheep outside the city.

Chapter 1192
Throughout the entire Illusory Battlefield, 'sheep' were constantly being eaten!
Some martial artists that were originally at the top of the rankings began to rapidly fall …
As for some martial artists that weren't ranked high before, their rankings began to rapidly rise!
All the races were paying close attention to the pyramid in the Illusory Battlefield, paying attention to the movements of the rankings …
Although they were paying attention to the names of the top geniuses of the various races, they were also paying attention to a single person's name. That was Luo Zheng.
Currently, Luo Zheng was probably the most familiar name in the entire universe. Even the top geniuses of the various races, the sons of Empyreans, and the descendants of World Lords were no match for Luo Zheng.
The reason was simple – it was because of the Roaring Command …
Of the trillions of lives in the universe, none of them were able to escape the sound of the Roaring Command. That mysterious young girl had also shouted out the name 'Luo Zheng' more than once.
Several years ago, Luo Zheng had been besieged by dozens of Empyreans and even killed several Empyreans. At that time, the entire universe was in an uproar!
Since ancient times, perhaps Luo Zheng was the only martial artist with such a reputation. Even Empyreans weren't capable of such a feat.
It wasn't just Yun Luo and the others who were searching for Luo Zheng's ranking. The Demi-Immortal Race and even the many busybodies in the universe were also constantly searching.
After all, Luo Zheng's reputation was too great. Even many Empyreans were curious as to how Luo Zheng had performed in the Illusory Battlefield.
However, after searching for Luo Zheng's name, many people were disappointed …
The pyramid contained trillions of names. The number was unimaginable, and the names that had settled down at the bottom were stuck together, making it impossible to distinguish them.
The first few million names weren't too bad. After all, the names at the top had accumulated a considerable amount of Illusory Battlefield points, and the distance between them was quite wide!
Some busybodies searched for Luo Zheng's name from the top of the pyramid. But even after spending a great deal of effort and searching for tens of millions of names, they still weren't able to find Luo Zheng.
"Doesn't this Luo Zheng have an amazing immortal mansion? How come he didn't even enter the top ten million? "
"It's very simple. This guy just got lucky and obtained an indestructible immortal mansion. His talent is probably average. Top ten million, hehe. Looks like this Luo Zheng's not even comparable to the geniuses of some core Holy Lands …"
"Indeed, ten million is a very low standard. It seems that a disaster will soon appear in the universe!" "That's right. Ten million is a very low standard.
"Disaster? What disaster's? "someone asked.
"Think. Think. 'Luo Zheng's. Luo's't's's't's. After Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng' to's's, Luo Zheng's's's... Wouldn't such an immortal mansion cause all the Celestial Venerables in the universe to fight over it?! Nobody ''s's'... "
't't 'Might... ".
'' '''s Battlefield.., '' '''s's's Luo..... Luo '' '' '' '''t's't talking.
70,000 fantasy points and 19,000,000 rank. Naturally, Luo Zheng was not satisfied with this ranking.
After returning to the main city, Luo Zheng's' bottom line was 300,000 fantasy points. This amount of fantasy points was just enough to open the cave in the wilderness.
However, as Luo Zheng advanced around the main city's walls, the bitter smile on his face became more and more intense. Was there a problem with the Fantasy Battlefield's' rules?
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't want to kill others to obtain fantasy points. It was because he simply didn't have the opportunity!
More and more wolves were returning. Warriors like Luo Zheng who returned to the main city were killing people around the main city.
The area of this main city was huge. However, the warriors who had accumulated rich fantasy points had become smarter. They couldn't afford to provoke someone like Luo Zheng, but they could always hide, right?
Therefore, many "rich" warriors simply squatted in the main city and didn't come out.
Fighting was prohibited in the main city. Luo Zheng couldn't rush into the main city and kill people!
Not only did those warriors with rich fantasy points escape into the main city, but there were also some "suicide squads" that rushed out to challenge Luo Zheng.
Killing these guys didn't give any fantasy points. Many of them provoked Luo Zheng and even chased after him. Luo Zheng had no choice but to think of ways to get rid of them!
"There's a problem with the Fantasy Battlefield's' rules' design …"
Overall, there wasn't a big problem with the rules. If any warrior wanted to stand out, they had to kill other warriors. This was like big fish eating small fish, small fish eating shrimps, and shrimps eating mud …
However, the main city shouldn't have been arranged as a safe haven. This was too unfair to Luo Zheng.
However, the Fantasy Battlefield had just opened. If everyone started to shrink into the main city, they wouldn't be able to measure each other's strength. The Fantasy Battlefield would lose its original purpose. Soon, the rules would change.
Luo Zheng thought to himself as he ran around the main city.
However, just as he passed by a corner of the city wall, he saw purple flames curling up in front of him. A violent explosion sounded in front of him.
"Hu hu hu …"
Within the wind pressure produced by the violent explosions, there were actually green wind blades! One could only imagine how violent the explosion was!
After those light ribbons slowly disappeared, a large pit appeared under the city wall. It was a pit that was thousands of feet wide and hundreds of feet deep …
On the city wall, many Demon Race warriors looked at the large pit with lingering fear. There were still wisps of purple flames rising from the pit.
"This Long Feng is indeed the successor of the Demon Flame Realm. He seems to have cultivated the Purple Return Flame to the extreme! The power just now was too exaggerated! "
"Hehe, Bai Ze was so arrogant when he just returned. He killed seven people in two hours and accumulated nearly 200,000 fantasy points … I didn't expect Long Feng to kill Bai Ze in just three moves! Three moves! "
"The strongest warrior in our city is probably none other than Long Fei!"
Many warriors on the city wall stared at the large pit and discussed. Their voices naturally reached Luo Zheng's ears.
"Long Feng …"
The name was not important, but Luo Zheng heard a very important piece of information. This Long Feng seemed to be one step faster than Luo Zheng. He had accumulated 200,000 fantasy points in a short period of time. This speed was indeed much faster than Luo Zheng.
In fact, before Luo Zheng, many warriors had returned to the main city. After obtaining some fantasy points, they quickly hid in the main city. When Luo Zheng returned, those sheep had basically been cleaned up! Therefore, Luo Zheng only encountered two "sheep" along the way.
Not long after, a slightly thin figure slowly rose from the large pit!
This person was the Long Feng that everyone was talking about. Under his feet, the purple Demon Flame transformed into a giant hand and lifted Long Feng up.
Although Long Feng was also a warrior of the Demon Race, his body was not as tall as the Demon Race. Although he was still much more burly than humans, he was relatively "pocket-sized" among the majestic Demon Race.
When Long Feng emerged from the cave, his gaze swept across the area. When he saw the many warriors huddled in the city walls, a mocking expression appeared on his face!
This group of cowards, even if they took the initiative to walk out of the city, he would be too lazy to kill them!
However, when Long Feng's gaze swept along the edge of the city wall and extended to the end of the city wall, he saw a figure floating in the corner.
It was none other than Luo Zheng, who was dressed in green!
Long Feng's face suddenly revealed a slightly puzzled expression. Why didn't this human warrior hide in the city wall?
He, Long Feng, was the successor of the Demon Flame World. Conquering the main city in front of him was just an insignificant goal. He wanted to collide with the real top experts in this Fantasy Battlefield!
From the beginning to the end, Long Feng had never put this main city in his eyes. He had never put the warriors in this main city in his eyes.
Therefore, when he saw that Luo Zheng did not hide from him, he was so puzzled. Was this human warrior scared silly by him?

Chapter 1193
The smile on Luo Zheng's face was undoubtedly very dazzling in Long Qin's eyes.
The Human Race was considered a very powerful race in the universe. However, in this main city, the Demon Race martial artists occupied the absolute majority!
The other races were unintentionally assigned to this main city. These people were just cannon fodder.
Now that Long Qin was standing here, the thousands of martial artists in the main city did not dare to take a step out … Was this Human Race youth an idiot?
Luo Zheng's smile was indeed somewhat dazzling at this moment.
Long Qin did not know that although he was one of the plunderers in this main city, in Luo Zheng's eyes, he was a big fat sheep. At this moment, Luo Zheng was still afraid that Long Qin would escape back to the main city.
Two hundred thousand fantasy points. Even if he took half, he would still have one hundred thousand fantasy points. Luo Zheng only had a total of seventy thousand fantasy points!
"Where did this Human Race martial artist come from? He actually went straight for Long Qin?"
"Does he want to die?"
"I know this guy. He killed Young Master Hao in the southwest before! He's also a powerful character! He crushed Young Master Hao's double axes with his bare hands! That's a first-grade inferior divine artifact! "
A first-grade inferior divine artifact was nothing in Luo Zheng's eyes.
However, in the eyes of many Divine Sea Realm martial artists, it was a treasure that could only be encountered but not sought.
"Is this guy so overbearing?"
Hearing this, the Demon Race martial artists in the main city also looked at Luo Zheng in a higher light.
"Even so, he's not Long Qin's opponent. They … are not on the same level. Long Qin has already comprehended his own profound meaning in the Law of Fire. He actually took the initiative to provoke Long Qin. I'm afraid he thinks he has too many fantasy points!"
During this discussion, a small number of Human Race martial artists' eyes also flashed with a touch of light!
These Human Race martial artists were unintentionally assigned to this main city and could only admit that they were unlucky. Although the Illusion Battlefield did not discriminate between races and only looked at strength, and these Demon Race martial artists also killed each other. However, as long as this small number of Human Race martial artists left the main city, without exception, they would be the first target.
Firstly, the Human Race martial artists in this main city were indeed weaker. Secondly, they were of different races and were indeed more vulnerable to attack.
Hearing that the human youth in front of them had such strength, they felt a little proud. It could be said that he had helped them vent their anger.
But when they saw the Dragon Bird fight, they couldn't help but worry for Luo Zheng. After all, the strength displayed by the Dragon Bird was too terrifying. The strength of this human youth in front of them might be good, but it would be too difficult for him to fight against the Dragon Bird …
More and more martial artists gathered on the city wall.
They also wanted to see what this human youth had that made him dare to challenge a dragon bird like this.
Outside the city walls, the gazes of the two were locked onto each other. Both of them were worried, but they were afraid that the other party would cower and flee into the city!
However, as the distance between the two of them narrowed, both of them realized that their worries were unnecessary!
Both of them saw a strong self-confidence in the eyes of both of them. This kind of self-confidence was not deliberately faked. This kind of self-confidence was constantly accumulated through battle after battle, a self-confidence that had seeped into their bones.
"I don't know where your self-confidence comes from," When the distance between the two sides was only a hundred feet, the Dragon Bird faintly said. Staring at Luo Zheng, his eyes revealed a faint trace of ridicule, "But if you fight me, I will let you understand what despair is … you should be glad that this is the Dreamland Battlefield. At the very least, you won't die here."
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he smiled and said, "You can think of me as overestimating myself."
The Dragon Bird's eyes flashed and a majestic aura was suddenly released. This aura contained his comprehension of the Laws of Fire, so even though it was just an aura, it gave off an abnormally hot feeling. Standing in front of the Dragon Bird was like standing in a blazing furnace!
"What an interesting human martial artist …"
As soon as his voice fell, the Dragon Bird suddenly stretched out his hand and gently raised it. A ball of purple flames appeared in his hand out of thin air. As he gently squeezed it, the ball of flames suddenly extinguished.
At the same time that the purple flames were extinguished, in a radius of a hundred feet around Luo Zheng, balls of purple flames were born at the same time. The Dragon Bird faintly smiled. The moment he took a step forward, a raging flame suddenly rose from his back. The flame split into two and turned into a pair of purple flame wings. Like a roc spreading its wings, the Dragon Bird swooped straight towards Luo Zheng!
Facing the Dragon Bird's attack, Luo Zheng's figure appeared to be a little flustered. In the eyes of everyone, he seemed to want to avoid the Dragon Bird's attack, but whether it was his speed or the direction he chose, they were all inferior!
The Dragon Bird's fist smashed into Luo Zheng's body and suddenly a ball of purple flames several feet in size burst out!
Immediately after, a figure was ejected from the purple flames like a sharp arrow and heavily smashed into the ground.
"Boom!"
With a loud noise, the figure smashed a big hole in the ground.
After the purple flames dissipated, the Dragon Bird's figure was still floating in the air. Naturally, the one who was smashed down was Luo Zheng …
"Heh, I thought this Human Clan cultivator had some skills. It seems that he is far inferior to Bai Ze!"
"He was defeated with one punch. The Dragon Bird hasn't even used his Profound Meaning …"
"He can't even withstand a single blow. Boring!"
The Dragon Bird didn't pursue. He looked down at the big hole below with a sarcastic expression, but a trace of doubt arose in his heart.
Generally speaking, the more talented cultivators tended to have more sensitive intuition. They could judge the other party's strength from the other party's confidence, bearing, and expression. This judgment wasn't absolute, but it was often close to the mark.
Although the Dragon Bird looked down on Luo Zheng verbally, Luo Zheng's indifferent expression gave him a faint sense of pressure.
The Dragon Bird ridiculed him verbally because he looked down on him strategically, but he didn't take him lightly in terms of tactics. In fact, he didn't hold back at all when he attacked just now!
This move, "Phoenix Soaring Flame Dragon", looked ordinary, but its power was extraordinary …
Now it seemed that the effect was indeed good. At least, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge his move. However, the Dragon Bird faintly felt that something was wrong.
Perhaps he was just being oversensitive …
The Dragon Bird looked at the Human Clan cultivator below indifferently. At this moment, Luo Zheng had climbed out of the big hole and was looking at him with a serious expression. There seemed to be a hint of unwillingness in his eyes.
"Heh heh, don't look at me like that." The Dragon Bird's figure swayed slightly, and the two purple flame wings unfolded behind him again. "Compared to you, you have accumulated a lot of fantasy points before … but in my opinion, you are just a sheep, and I am a wolf …"
As he spoke, his figure flashed again, and a path of flames appeared where he passed!
Looking at the rapidly approaching Dragon Bird, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of craftiness …
It wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to accumulate fantasy points. It was just that the Illusion Battlefield's rules were quite deceptive. He could take away half of the Dragon Bird's fantasy points in this battle, but if the Dragon Bird lost to him, he would probably hide in the city forever!
The Dragon Bird had a lot of fantasy points. Luo Zheng had to give the Dragon Bird a reason, a reason to not admit defeat.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's figure swayed slightly again, as if he wanted to do his best to avoid the Dragon Bird's attack. However, he still couldn't avoid it for the second time!
As a ball of purple flame exploded, Luo Zheng's figure was once again sent flying and heavily slammed into the city wall.
The city wall was built according to the rules of the Illusion Battlefield. Naturally, it was an indestructible existence. Such a violent impact didn't destroy the city wall, and Luo Zheng's entire body was stuck on the city wall.
Even though Luo Zheng's body was as tough as a divine artifact, when his body hit the city wall without any buffer, the blood in his body surged. However, for the sake of acting, Luo Zheng had no choice but to endure!
"Still not dead? You do have some skills … "
The Dragon Bird sighed slightly. He originally thought that Luo Zheng would directly crash into the city wall and die. This guy's tyrannical body should be a talent. Unfortunately, a tyrannical body alone was useless. He was just a target for the Dragon Bird to beat up.
Without thinking too much, the Dragon Bird charged at Luo Zheng again!
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom …"
After several collisions, the warriors on the city wall exclaimed again and again.
Luo Zheng, this living target, was too pitiful …
However, the moment the Dragon Bird charged at Luo Zheng again, Luo Zheng's mouth revealed an imperceptible smile.
"Almost there …"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1194
The Dragon Bird did the same thing as before, spreading its wings and flying towards Luo Zheng again.
Using Luo Zheng as a target for practice was a little fun for the Dragon Bird!
But this time, Luo Zheng didn't try to dodge the Dragon Bird's attack. Instead, he chose to face it head-on. He slightly flipped his left hand, and his right hand was vertically on one side!
Grappling Hand …
Seeing this scene, many warriors' expressions became strange again.
Most of the warriors of the Demon Race cultivated their bodies. Grappling Hand was the most basic martial art. It could be classified as a basic fist technique!
Relying on Grappling Hand to capture the Dragon Bird?
They increasingly felt that there was something wrong with Luo Zheng's brain …
The Dragon Bird smiled coldly. The wings on its back spread slightly, and its flying posture became more elegant. Its speed increased to the extreme, and it rushed towards Luo Zheng!
Although Luo Zheng's strength couldn't withstand a single blow, the Dragon Bird didn't lower its vigilance at all.
It didn't believe that Luo Zheng only had this much strength!
But no matter what tricks this guy played, the Dragon Bird believed that it was under its control. It was meaningless to play tricks in front of absolute strength.
"It's over!"
As it rushed towards Luo Zheng, the purple flame in its hand bloomed rapidly like a wild flower!
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's right hand shot out like lightning. With a light pinch, the purple flame was directly extinguished.
Then, his left hand twisted the Dragon Bird's arm like a snake. As Luo Zheng exerted force on his arm, an unfathomable power quietly emerged!
"Kacha!"
A clear cracking sound could be heard.
The Dragon Bird's arm was directly broken by Luo Zheng's single hand!
The Dragon Bird's face flashed with a touch of disbelief. Another ball of flame appeared in its other hand, and it wanted to smash down on Luo Zheng's head again!
But Luo Zheng followed suit. His right hand once again extinguished the flame with lightning speed, and at the same time, he grabbed the Dragon Bird's remaining hand!
With this grab, the Dragon Bird felt as if it was clamped by a pair of pliers. It was almost impossible for it to move.
Seeing this scene from above the city wall, the spectating cultivators were even more confused.
At the level of the Spirit Sea Realm, the two sides would either compete in the understanding of True Essence spells or the confrontation of Martial Skills.
Luo Zheng's sudden use of Grappling Hand was already somewhat inconceivable. Why did this Dragon Bird also want to play with Luo Zheng? The two of them were entangled like this. Were they going to compete in strength?
What they didn't know was that Long Fen was also complaining in his heart. Although Long Fen had guessed that Luo Zheng must have his own trump card, Long Fen had never thought that Luo Zheng's trump card would be his own physical strength.
Where did this guy get such terrifying strength from?!
Dragons were relatively small in size among demons, but they were still twice as tall and sturdy as Luo Zheng. It was indeed a very strange thing for them to be "captured" by Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng didn't give him time to think.
This Dragon Bird could be considered as a dual cultivator. In addition to cultivating the Law of Fire, his Body Refining Technique was also very powerful!
But Luo Zheng didn't give him a chance to use it at all!
While Long Fen was still puzzled and planning a counterattack, a force ten times stronger than before was transmitted from Luo Zheng's arm!
Facing such a majestic force, Long Fen didn't have the strength to resist at all. Or rather, he didn't have the time to resist at all.
Soon, he felt a heart-wrenching pain. His body, which was twice as big as Luo Zheng, was forcibly torn apart by Luo Zheng …
As a red speck of light shot into the main city, the densely packed dreamy specks emerged from the Dragonfowl's disappearing body. These yellow specks of light rapidly shot toward Luo Zheng's body!
10,000 …
50,000 …
100,000 …
140,000!
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that Long Fen only had 200,000 Fantasy Points in his body. He should be able to obtain 100,000 Fantasy Points by killing him once.
He didn't expect Long Fen to have accumulated nearly 300,000 Fantasy Points.
Luo Zheng originally had 70,000 Fantasy Points in his body. After absorbing the 140,000 Fantasy Points, his Fantasy Points suddenly shot up to 210,000!
As for the many cultivators on the city wall, they didn't envy Luo Zheng. Instead, most of them had puzzled expressions on their faces.
They couldn't even evaluate the scene that just happened because they didn't understand it at all.
Luo Zheng had been beaten up without fighting back. How did the two of them inexplicably get entangled in a fight? Then, Long Fen was suddenly torn apart by Luo Zheng?
This kind of battle already defied common sense.
After a while, a demon cultivator said, "Long Fen was defeated unjustly … He didn't even get to display his strength!"
"Long Fen is probably very unwilling!"
"It should be … He didn't even display his true strength!"
"After he revives, he will definitely look for this human cultivator."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face once again revealed a trace of an imperceptible smile.
This was the effect he wanted.
This Long Fen had so many Fantasy Points. It would be too wasteful to kill it just once.
Luo Zheng had previously shown weakness not because he wanted to numb Long Fen and turn the tables. Long Fen's strength was indeed not bad, but Luo Zheng still didn't put him in his eyes.
In this Fantasy Battlefield, there might be cultivators that Luo Zheng couldn't defeat, or even cultivators that could defeat Luo Zheng!
After all, the universe was too big. Luo Zheng was indeed very outstanding, but the strength of the super geniuses in the universe couldn't be underestimated. Just like Ai Anxin back then. In the Torch Flame inheritance, Luo Zheng might be able to suppress her in all aspects and was definitely slightly stronger than her. However, it wouldn't be easy for him to defeat Ai Anxin. Furthermore, there were many prodigies in the universe. They were stronger than Ai Anxin and had richer foundations and inheritances.
The battle outside the main city was just a foreshadowing of the Fantasy Battlefield's early stages.
Luo Zheng didn't expect to gain experience from these battles and grow. His only goal was to obtain Fantasy Points.
Previously, Luo Zheng had shown weakness and allowed Long Fen to beat him up to his heart's content. At this moment, he used an extremely ordinary grappling technique and his own strength to kill Long Fen.
Long Fen would definitely be very unconvinced. With his foundation, he must still have many trump cards that he hadn't used yet. He would definitely be unreconciled in his heart. After he returned to the main city and revived, he would most likely challenge Luo Zheng again.
This gave Luo Zheng a second chance to kill Long Fen.
Although he had already obtained half of Long Fen's Fantasy Points after killing it once, if Long Fen still had 140,000 Fantasy Points, Luo Zheng could obtain another 70,000 Fantasy Points if he killed Long Fen again!
"Hey … you, do you want to hide in the city? If Long Fen revives, he will definitely come looking for you! "
The one who spoke was a human cultivator. Most people felt that Luo Zheng's victory was inexplicable. They guessed that Luo Zheng had won by luck.
This human cultivator had good intentions but was worried about Luo Zheng. He had just obtained a large amount of Fantasy Points. If Long Fen took them back with interest, it would be a huge loss.
Hearing this kind reminder, Luo Zheng only smiled and nodded at the human cultivator. He didn't move and still stood outside the city. He looked indifferently in the direction of the main city and quietly waited.
In the main city, a red dot of light slowly floated.
As the red dot of light continued to float, it began to slowly grow larger. It gradually grew from the size of a fingertip to the size of a fist. Then, it rapidly expanded and formed a ball of light that was three meters wide. This ball of light was filled with the powerful laws of life!
There were some differences between reviving in the Fantasy Battlefield and the Fantasy Space.
After a martial artist died in the Fantasy Space, they would be kicked out of the space. When the martial artist entered again, they would be another projection.
But in the Fantasy Battlefield, after a martial artist died, they relied on the strength of the Heavenly Dao to completely 'revive' them. Thus, when some martial artists discovered that these balls of light were filled with intense Life Laws, they simply didn't leave the city. Instead, they specifically searched for these resurrected balls of light and meditated on the Life Laws within.
In any case, there were constantly people dying outside the main city and people constantly reviving. The main city was filled with red balls of light. For many martial artists who didn't have the chance to meditate on higher Source Laws, this was a chance to cultivate.
Not long after, a figure slowly condensed from this ball of light!

Chapter 1195
To Long Fen, this was a great humiliation!
He was actually killed by a human warrior in such a simple way. The anger in his heart was difficult to suppress.
In the end, it was because Luo Zheng's strength was too strong. With Long Fen's current cultivation, he was unable to resist Luo Zheng's terrifying strength.
However, this did not mean that Long Fen would lose to Luo Zheng!
A tyrannical physical body and innate divine strength. These two talents were not worth mentioning in Long Fen's eyes!
Long Fen still had great techniques that he had yet to use. Furthermore, he had comprehended the profundity of the fire-elemental laws. That was his own profundity! To a certain extent, it could be considered a karmic law that he had comprehended himself …
However, he had not been able to use so many techniques before he was killed by that human warrior. To put it bluntly, he had been tricked by Luo Zheng …
How could Long Fen be willing to accept this?
Therefore, as soon as he revived, he rushed out of the city in a hurry!
Now, Long Fen was worried that the human warrior was hiding in the main city.
However, while Long Fen was still in his soul state, he had already made up his mind. No matter where this kid was hiding, he would find him!
Unless this human warrior gave up on accumulating fantasy points, Long Fen would follow this kid all the way.
However, when Long Fen rushed to the top of the city wall and scanned with his eagle-like sharp eyes, he was slightly taken aback.
Not far away, Luo Zheng was floating in the air. It seemed that he had not moved a single step since he had killed Long Fen.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also noticed Long Fen. The corners of his mouth curled up, revealing a faint smile at Long Fen!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the flames of anger not only filled his chest but also poured into his mind!
Long Fen did not hesitate at all. He leaped up from the city wall. At the same time, the pair of purple flame wings on his back suddenly rose. The pair of flame wings extended over a hundred feet and wrapped around Luo Zheng!
Actually, on normal days, Long Qin was a very alert martial artist!
In the Devil Flame World, the competition was also very fierce. The reason why the Dragonfowl could become the successor of the Devil Flame World's Master was not just because of talent!
From the very beginning, the Dragon Bird had regarded Luo Zheng as a "sheep". But now, it was being eaten by Luo Zheng, the sheep …
It could be said that Luo Zheng had successfully angered the dragon bird, making it lose its mind.
When a martial artist was in a state of rage, their strength would often be stronger, and they could even display strength that surpassed their own!
The dragon bird's attack was like a storm that had been brewing for a long time, and it was about to erupt.
"The Dragon Fowl is really angry …"
"This human martial artist is really calm. I wonder what his background is!"
"Could it be that this human brat has some other backing? Are you really not afraid of the dragons? "
Luo Zheng looked indifferently at the Dragon Bird's attack, but his body did not move. However, even the most observant warriors did not notice that a faint white halo had appeared under the ground.
He had calculated the time and had already started to extract the Chaotic Qi, and transformed it into the magic array of the Thunder Calamity. He quietly buried it one foot under the ground!
"Brat, I will let you know what the Reverse Purgatory Fire is!"
"Bang!"
After that, the Dragon Bird's momentum suddenly changed, and a faint red hexagonal pattern appeared between his eyebrows.
As the red hexagonal pattern rotated slowly, a great power seemed to be condensing …
However, before the Dragonfowl's attack was even ready, many of the cultivators in the city felt that something was wrong. And this strange feeling came from the sky!
A powerful pressure of heaven and earth came from the sky!
At the same time, dense Taoist Connotation appeared in the sky, and the Dharma began to condense!
This thing was no stranger to the martial artists present.
All the martial artists in the Illusory Battlefield were at the Divine Sea Realm. They had at least experienced several minor Heavenly Tribulations, and one or two major ones!
"Why is there a Heavenly Tribulation?"
"Can you pass the Heavenly Tribulation in the Illusory Battlefield … No way!"
"Wouldn't it be great if you could pass the Heavenly Tribulation in the Illusory Battlefield? There's no risk of dying here … "
For Luo Zheng and many other geniuses in the universe, passing the Heavenly Tribulation might not be that difficult. However, for many ordinary martial artists at the Divine Sea Realm, passing the Heavenly Tribulation was still a very dangerous thing. They could die if they were careless.
When they saw the approaching Thunder Calamity, their first reaction was that someone was passing the Heavenly Tribulation!
The strange phenomenon in the sky not only attracted the attention of the martial artists on the city wall, but also all the martial artists in the main city!
All the martial artists were curious. How could someone pass the Heavenly Tribulation here?
As for the Dragon Bird, he had begun to accumulate power in his anger. He planned to launch the fiercest attack and kill Luo Zheng here again and again! As long as he dared to leave the city, the Dragon Bird would kill him once and rob him of all his Illusory Points!
However, even though the Dragon Bird was burning with anger, he still noticed the strange phenomenon in the sky.
Someone was passing the Heavenly Tribulation?
He was stunned for a moment, but he didn't think too much about it. Right now, he had to get rid of Luo Zheng first!
Fire had thousands of changes. Using the heart of water to comprehend the Dao, the Hellfire burned the sky, the momentum of heaven and earth, refining …
This Reverse Purgatory Flame was the profound meaning that the Dragon Bird comprehended from the Law of Fire. It was unique in the entire universe!
Ordinary flames could be divided into two layers, the outer flame and the inner flame.
However, at this moment, a very special flame rose from the Dragon Bird's forehead. This flame, from the outer layer to the inner layer, had six different colors. In other words, this flame was divided into six layers.
If one took a closer look, they would discover that this was also an extremely beautiful flame. However, this magnificent flame also contained an extremely terrifying power!
In all these years of experience, the Dragon Bird had never been defeated when he used the Reverse Purgatory Flame!
However, before this flame was fully formed, a huge roar came from the sky.
"Boom …"
A thunderbolt in the clear sky had appeared in the sky!
Even if this heavenly thunder appeared, it couldn't stop the Dragon Bird's attack. He didn't mean that this Heavenly Dao was aimed at him. It could also be said that the Dragon Bird only had Luo Zheng in his eyes at this moment. As for this Heavenly Tribulation … since he wasn't the one transcending the tribulation, he directly ignored this Heavenly Tribulation.
However, there was a price to pay for ignoring danger. After the dragon bird finished accumulating its strength, it was about to burn the human warrior in front of it to ashes. But at this moment, the power of tribulation thunder was like a white waterfall that poured down from the sky, enveloping the dragon bird.
The cultivators who saw this scene couldn't help but feel their eyelids twitch wildly …
"This Heavenly Tribulation is actually targeting the Dragon Bird …"
"Could it be that the Heavenly Tribulation was attracted by that human cultivator?"
"How is that possible? Have you heard of anyone who can attract Heavenly Tribulation? Doesn't it only attract the punishment of the Heavenly Dao when one's cultivation breaks through? "
Heavenly Tribulation was a punishment that the Heavenly Dao couldn't tolerate a cultivator's strength. How could the Heavenly Dao be so stupid as to be attracted so easily?
The cultivators present had never heard of this kind of cultivation technique, so they naturally didn't believe it …
But why was this matter so coincidental?
Luo Zheng just happened to be waiting here, the Dragon Bird just happened to rush out, and the Heavenly Tribulation just happened to descend here?
How could there be so many coincidences in the world!
After the Heavenly Tribulation completely disappeared, the Dragon Bird's figure also dissipated, and a red light flew back into the city … At the same time, little yellow Fantasy Points were once again absorbed by Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng had previously obtained 140,000 Fantasy Points after killing the Dragon Bird once. Now, after killing it again, Luo Zheng obtained 70,000 Fantasy Points again.
This meant that Luo Zheng obtained 210,000 Fantasy Points from this person …
"I wonder if this fellow will come again. 30,000 Fantasy Points isn't a small amount," Luo Zheng thought indifferently.

Chapter 1196
Among the warriors on the city wall, there were also some hidden powerhouses. Some of them were even stronger than the Dragon Bird.
Compared to the angry Dragon Bird, these powerhouses were much calmer.
When Luo Zheng killed the Dragon Bird for the first time and gained 140,000 fantasy points, some powerhouses could not hold back their impulse and wanted to go out of the city to challenge Luo Zheng.
They were also constantly evaluating Luo Zheng's strength in their hearts. Some of the warriors of the Devil Clan even secretly discussed whether they should join forces with him.
However, Luo Zheng always gave them an unfathomable feeling. In the end, they gave up on this idea.
Now, seeing the Dragon Bird killed by Luo Zheng for the second time, they also felt lucky. Fortunately, they did not join forces before. However, they could see that Luo Zheng did this intentionally …
To be able to play with the Dragon Bird in the palm of his hand, Luo Zheng's hidden strength was probably not limited to this.
Luo Zheng was still floating quietly in the air. There was still a faint smile on his face. In the eyes of many warriors, this smile was even more unfathomable.
Soon after, a figure rushed out of the city again. It was the Dragon Bird that had been killed twice by Luo Zheng!
Tripping over the same place twice was an unforgivable mistake. At this moment, the Dragon Bird was in an extremely bad mood, almost to the point of uncontrollable!
This was also the difference between the warriors of the Upper World and the warriors of the Lower World.
The resources and even the Qi of Heaven and Earth of the warriors of the Lower World could not be compared with the warriors of the Upper World. However, in order to break free from the Vast Thousand Worlds and ascend to the Upper World, the warriors of the Lower World had to put in much more effort and time than the warriors of the Upper World!
For example, the warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm in the Lower World could be called "mighty". They were already the top existences in the Vast Thousand Worlds. The time it took for them to cultivate to the Spirit Sea Realm was also countless times more than the warriors of the Upper World.
However, for the devil race's heaven's prides like Long Qin, who happened to be in the Great Era War, their cultivation speed was countless times faster. Their hearts of martial arts had not experienced the test of time, and they had even encountered fewer dangers. Although their strength was much stronger than the ascenders, their state of mind was far inferior.
Long Fowl could not accept such a failure. Now, Long Fowl was like an enraged beast. Losing fantasy points was no longer important. What he needed to do was vent. He needed to tear that human apart to vent the anger in his heart!
"Scram!"
Under the Dragon Bird's roar, the warriors gathered on the city walls opened up a gap. They watched as the Dragon Bird leaped up and climbed up the city walls. Then, with the help of this force, it charged out of the city walls again!
After completing this series of actions, he didn't even lock onto his target …
Seeing this scene, some experts hidden in the crowd secretly sighed. If this dragon bird could suppress its anger, it would have a chance to win against Luo Zheng. But now, its martial heart was in chaos. If it rushed out, it would only give fantasy points to that human boy!
Sure enough …
When Long Fowl rushed out of the city walls, it suddenly realized that Luo Zheng had disappeared.
In its anger, it only wanted to get out of the city and kill Luo Zheng. However, it didn't notice Luo Zheng's position at all!
While Long Fowl was floating in the air in a daze, a faint voice sounded. It was Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was floating above Long Fowl's head. His eyes were indifferent, and the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in his hand flickered with a cold blue light …
"You said you're a wolf. I agree with this statement." Luo Zheng's face rippled with a smile. As he spoke, the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword was raised high. "However, you're just a weak wolf at best!"
As he spoke, Luo Zheng's long sword ruthlessly slashed down!
However, when the blade reached the back of Long Fowl's neck, it slanted slightly and slapped the back of Long Fowl's neck!
"Pa!"
A crisp sound was transmitted, accompanied by a muffled groan from Long Fowl. The Long Fowl rapidly fell down and was about to crash into the ground.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng took a step in the air and his figure suddenly disappeared. At the same time, he crossed space and appeared in front of Long Fowl. Looking up at Long Fowl, he raised his long sword again. "As for you saying that I'm a sheep, I can't agree with this statement!"
"Pa!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng once again slapped out with his sword. Like a cricket ball, he swung the side of the long sword at Long Fowl!
Following this loud and clear sound, the Dragonfowl tumbled in the air as it shot up into the sky ….
After being slapped twice by Luo Zheng, Long Fowl was scared witless. Although it clearly heard Luo Zheng's voice, it didn't even have the chance to speak at this moment!
After slapping Long Fowl upward, Luo Zheng's figure flashed again. He took a step forward and appeared in the air above Long Fowl again. His face was full of smiles as he continued to speak, "I'm not a sheep, and maybe I'm not a wolf … I'm a lion that eats wolves!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng's eyes shone brightly. This time, Luo Zheng didn't hold back at all. A decisive aura burst out from Long Fowl's sword. Luo Zheng himself had turned into a ruthless killing god!
A sword light that contained a terrifying sword intent went straight toward Long Fowl!
At this moment, Long Fowl was like Luo Zheng's toy. It was being slapped up and down by Luo Zheng at will. How could it resist?
With this sword, Luo Zheng killed Long Fowl for the third time!
This kind of thing sounded very strange!
After all, the warriors in the Illusory Battlefield were backed by a main city. If they couldn't win, they could escape into the main city. How could there be a fool who would repeatedly rush out and be killed by others?
However, Luo Zheng did it!
After killing Long Fowl three times, Luo Zheng obtained 140,000 fantasy points for the first kill, 70,000 fantasy points for the second kill, and 30,000 fantasy points for the third kill … Adding the fantasy points from before, Luo Zheng had more than 310,000 fantasy points in his hands.
After that, Luo Zheng once again checked his ranking!
After absorbing the Long Fowl's fantasy points, Luo Zheng's ranking rapidly rose!
Previously, Luo Zheng only had 70,000 fantasy points and was ranked 410,000 in this world. In the entire Illusory Battlefield, he was ranked 19,000,000!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's ranking was around 80,000 in this world. In the entire Illusory Battlefield, he was ranked 3.9 million … This was also the first time Luo Zheng had entered the top 15 million!
In the outside world, the attention of the pyramid was limited to the top 5 million …
To be able to enter the top 5 million among the 100,000 great worlds, one could be considered outstanding. After all, this was the top 5 million out of a trillion.
Of course, using the word 'outstanding' to describe Luo Zheng was obviously inappropriate. He was only ranked this way because his speed of collecting fantasy points was slightly slower …
At this moment, all the warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace were gathered in front of the pyramid. Their eyes were fixed on the countless names on the pyramid, looking up and down.
"The first place is still Gods No Thought's Xuanyuan Chenfeng!"
"This Xuanyuan Chenfeng is Gods No Thought's Daoist! It is said that he relied on Original Sin Heavenly Lord's great method to swallow a Heavenly Dao Fragment and endure the pain of the Dao Essence devouring his heart. This person is indeed worthy of being ranked first! "
"Sigh, the performance of our Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's warriors doesn't seem to be outstanding! Up until now, none of them have entered the top 10,000! That Ai Anxin is actually ranked 110,000 … I didn't expect Xue Muyang's performance to be better than hers. He actually entered the top 80,000! "
"What's the hurry? This is just the beginning. Didn't Luo Zheng not appear?"
"Don't talk about Luo Zheng. That kid hasn't even shown his shadow yet!"
"We found Luo Zheng! 3.93 million! He has already rushed into the top 5 million! "A warrior in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace shouted loudly.
Yun Luo, who had been silent all this time, heard the warrior's voice and her eyes suddenly lit up.
Ever since the Illusion Battlefield opened, Luo Zheng had completely disappeared. Yun Luo even suspected that Luo Zheng had not entered the Illusion Battlefield! Now that she heard Luo Zheng's name for the first time, Yun Luo was relieved.
She trusted Luo Zheng. Even if this fellow did not participate, as long as he entered the Illusion Battlefield, he would definitely fight for a good result!
"Only 3.90 million … What the hell is this fellow doing?" Someone muttered unhappily. No matter what, this kid's performance was not in line with the style he showed in the Torch Inheritance!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1197
Many people were muttering to themselves because of this.
In any case, this Luo Zheng was from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace …
If it were other warriors, then it would be fine. Warriors who entered the top five million were considered very outstanding existences in the universe.
However, Luo Zheng had created so many shocking records before. Until now, the sword left behind by Luo Zheng in the Sword-Testing Hall still firmly occupied the first place, almost blinding all the warriors who entered the Sword-Testing Hall!
Yet, such a person was still ranked at the 3,900,000th position. This was indeed disappointing.
It was better not to see this ranking.
There were many Illusory Spaces in the universe, and almost every Holy Land had one. Luo Zheng was very famous because of the incident of killing Celestial Venerables and the fact that he roared and told stories from time to time. Naturally, there were many busybodies looking for Luo Zheng's name.
After Luo Zheng entered the top five million, many unrelated people also discovered his existence.
"Tch, Luo Zheng is just so-so. The Illusory Battlefield has been open for so long, but he's only ranked in the top three million …"
"I've said it before, this Luo Zheng is just a lucky bastard who obtained that strange immortal abode. His own strength is not worth mentioning! How can he compete with the geniuses of the 100,000 Great Worlds? "
"If he's not strong enough, he shouldn't enter the Illusory Battlefield and make a fool of himself!"
"I heard that Luo Zheng is now trapped in the Immortal Mansion. Killing four Celestial Venerables … is already a capital offense. Perhaps he also wants to seek a breakthrough!"
"…"
There were countless creatures in the universe. Although the number of people who found Luo Zheng among the five million names was not many, the number was still not small. Soon, the news about Luo Zheng's ranking spread rapidly in the universe …
Generally speaking, the warriors who were ranked in the top 100 received the most attention. Luo Zheng was a special case.
Luo Zheng was still floating outside the main city.
After killing the Dragon Bird, the martial artists in the main city were all intimidated.
The strength of a dragon bird was obvious to all. Most of the martial artists here didn't even have the strength to withstand a single attack from a dragon bird. But this human martial artist in front of them was like a monster, easily killing a dragon bird three times in a row.
After Luo Zheng displayed unfathomable strength, the Fantasy Points of the experts in the city were accumulated painstakingly. Who would be willing to hand them over so easily?
It wasn't that there weren't any martial artists that challenged Luo Zheng. However, the Demon Race martial artists that challenged Luo Zheng were people that didn't care about Fantasy Points. They were weak and there was no meaning in killing them …
With no other choice, Luo Zheng once again circled around the main city!
However, the impact of the battle between Luo Zheng and the dragon bird was too great. He flew all the way around the city wall, and the warriors inside followed Luo Zheng on top of the city wall.
This wasn't a good thing for them. Watching the battle between the strong was very beneficial to them, and they didn't want to miss this opportunity.
In this way, every place Luo Zheng passed by, a black mass of Demon Race martial artists immediately followed on top of the city walls.
With such an eye-catching sight, who would foolishly stay outside the city?
Some of the warriors that were originally fighting outside the city noticed the huge commotion on top of the city wall. When they saw Luo Zheng rushing over alone, how could they still fight when they saw such a huge commotion? They immediately retreated back into the main city.
This scene caused Luo Zheng to involuntarily smile bitterly.
However, the rules of the Fantasy Battlefield were like this. There was no use complaining. Moreover, Luo Zheng didn't have the habit of complaining.
After Luo Zheng circled the main city twice, he didn't obtain a single Fantasy Point. In the end, he could only choose to give up.
No matter what, he had already obtained more than 300,000 Fantasy Points after returning to the main city this time!
At this moment, Luo Zheng thought of the cave. The cave that one had to pay 300,000 Fantasy Points to enter …
After all, there wasn't much meaning in staying in the main city. Even if he wandered a few more times and encountered a few ignorant martial artists, he wouldn't obtain many Fantasy Points. It was better to explore the cave first.
The rules of the Fantasy Battlefield were unreasonable. Perhaps, it was related to those things in the wild.
After all, the entire Fantasy Battlefield was to compete for the strongest expert in the Divine Ocean Realm. If everyone hid in the main city, even the most powerful expert would be helpless.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. After glancing at the many warriors on top of the city wall, he flew toward the wild again …
On top of the city wall, six Demon Race warriors stood in a corner. Their gazes were fixed in the direction that Luo Zheng left.
"This human cultivator left by himself. Should we follow him?"
"If the six of us join forces, we should be able to kill him. He has a lot of Fantasy Points …"
"This is an opportunity."
Each of these six Demon Race warriors had an extraordinary background. Perhaps they were slightly inferior to Long Fei, but the difference wasn't too great.
If they were alone, no one dared to say that they had the confidence to defeat Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng's Fantasy Points were indeed very tempting. They were unwilling to let Luo Zheng go just like that, so the six of them decided to join forces.
Now that they saw Luo Zheng leave alone, their thoughts became heated. Whether to pursue Luo Zheng or not was a difficult choice for the six of them.
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure slowly disappear, one of the Demon Race warriors shook his head. "Forget it. This guy probably hasn't even displayed half of his true strength!"
Just the strength that he had displayed was enough to make people wary. No one knew what Luo Zheng's ultimate methods and trump cards were. Therefore, although Luo Zheng had a lot of Fantasy Points, the six of them still chose to give up for the sake of safety …
Before Luo Zheng left, he deliberately slowed down his speed.
He knew that some warriors were greedy and might join forces to kill him. He was waiting for these guys.
However, this time, Luo Zheng was a little disappointed. No one followed behind him …
"I'm still too greedy."
He had killed Long Fei three times in a row. It was indeed a little too much.
However, on second thought, even if he killed Long Fei once, the effect would not be much different. He estimated that he still wouldn't be able to catch a few fat sheep.
Since no one was chasing him, Luo Zheng sped up and headed straight for the wilderness.
After an hour, Luo Zheng had already leaped tens of thousands of kilometers and finally found the cave! Standing in the wilderness, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly as he looked around. There were three more Heaven Reaching Rats around the cave.
After killing these Heaven Reaching Rats, it seemed that they would be "reborn" after a period of time.
"The reward for killing these Heaven Reaching Rats is not little. One Heaven Reaching Rat is 1,000 Fantasy Points. Every time I kill it after it is reborn, I can repeatedly obtain 3,000 Fantasy Points … If I'm strong enough, I can repeatedly kill Heaven Reaching Rats here," Luo Zheng pondered.
Although this seemed to be more reliable, these Heaven Reaching Rats were also quite troublesome for many Divine Sea Realm warriors. Naturally, it was far inferior to killing warriors in the city.
For Luo Zheng, this method of accumulating Fantasy Points was a little too stupid, and the accumulation speed would not be too fast.
"Let's enter this cave first. Since this Illusion Battlefield has arranged these things, there must be a key item in it!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. His figure flashed, and he went straight for the three Heaven Reaching Rats …
With the previous experience, dealing with these Heaven Reaching Rats became particularly easy.
Using the Eight Turn Flying Smoke and Thunder Calamity Kill, he lured these three Heaven Reaching Rats inside, and once again attracted Heaven's Retribution to smash them into pieces.
The Fantasy Points escaped into Luo Zheng's body. This time, Luo Zheng went straight for the cave.
When Luo Zheng just approached the cave, the whirling light blocked Luo Zheng's path. A thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
"To enter the Evil Wind Cave, you need 300,000 Fantasy Points …"
The moment he heard that, Luo Zheng nodded faintly. Staring at the dark cave, he said, "Okay!"
"Whoosh —"
Immediately, a strange attractive force appeared in the cave. The yellow Fantasy Points in Luo Zheng's body were pulled out of his body by this attractive force, and then they disappeared into the whirling light!
In an instant, Luo Zheng lost 300,000 Fantasy Points …

Chapter 1198
After Luo Zheng's fantasy points were deducted, his ranking began to drop rapidly.
It was normal for the names in the pyramid to rise and fall. Among the trillions of martial artists, perhaps one more fantasy point or one less fantasy point would cause a difference of tens of thousands of ranks.
If it was an ordinary martial artist, the sudden drop in ranking would not attract attention.
However, the martial artists at the top of the rankings would rise and fall. Everyone would use this ranking to predict the outcome of the battle between the martial artists!
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was originally ranked first, suddenly dropped from the top of the pyramid to the 40,000th rank.
The martial artists in the universe guessed that Xuanyuan Chenfeng should have been killed once!
Killing him once would cause him to lose half of his fantasy points. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was still able to maintain his ranking at the 40,000th rank. One could imagine how many fantasy points he had accumulated.
However, who was the one who killed Xuanyuan Chenfeng?
Who was able to kill the Daozi of Deities No Thoughts?
The people in the outside world knew nothing about this …
Luo Zheng's ranking was not high, but there were still many martial artists who were silently paying attention to him.
Now, Luo Zheng's name had suddenly disappeared! Many martial artists who were originally paying attention to Luo Zheng were also very puzzled. This Luo Zheng could not even maintain his ranking of 3.9 million?
Yun Luo's eyes also revealed a trace of astonishment. Could it be that Luo Zheng was also killed by someone?
She followed this ranking and began to search all the way down!
Luo Zheng was killed once and lost half of his fantasy points. She could roughly guess what rank Luo Zheng had dropped to!
However, she inserted her perception into the pyramid and searched all the way down until she reached the 12,000th rank. She still could not find Luo Zheng's name!
She became even more puzzled.
Even if he was killed once, it was impossible for him to drop below the 10,000th rank in such a short time! Could it be that Luo Zheng was killed twice in such a short time?
After being killed once, it would take some time to revive. The possibility of Luo Zheng being killed twice was not high … Yun Luo was also puzzled.
Yun Luo, on the other hand, was not too anxious. Luo Zheng had always been like this. Previously, in the Torch Inheritance, Luo Zheng's ranking was also extremely low. Didn't he quickly catch up not long after? She just couldn't figure it out!
In the Illusory Battlefield …
Now, Luo Zheng only had slightly more than 10,000 fantasy points left.
It wasn't difficult to earn 10,000 fantasy points in the Illusory Battlefield.
Luo Zheng also checked his own ranking. In this world, he had fallen below the 40,000,000 rank … and in the entire Illusory Battlefield, he was below the 2,000,000,000 rank!
"Forget it." Luo Zheng shook his head.
In any case, the 300,000 Fantasy Points had already been taken away. Hopefully, he would be able to reap some rewards from exploring this cave!
When the swirling lights absorbed the dreamy light spots, they gradually turned into a six-winged bug. This bug was completely made of yellow light, and it floated quietly beside Luo Zheng.
After this six-winged bug appeared, the resistance exerted on Luo Zheng's body quietly disappeared.
After losing the resistance, Luo Zheng took a step forward and entered the cave …
The cave in front of him was not big. It was only about ten feet wide. Along the way, there was a long and narrow downhill path.
Along the way, there was a white whirlpool of light every ten feet.
When Luo Zheng saw the first rotating light, Luo Zheng's heart sank. Could it be that clearing each rotating light required 300,000 fantasy points? If that was the case, he wouldn't be able to gather so many fantasy points even if he killed him.
What Luo Zheng was worried about did not happen. Every time he approached those rotating lights, he indeed encountered an irresistible resistance. However, the six-winged bug that accompanied Luo Zheng all the way flew towards the white rotating lights and directly absorbed them. The resistance disappeared once again.
"I need this bug to enter the depths of this cave …" Luo Zheng muttered to himself after noticing the ability of the six-winged bug.
As the rotating lights were absorbed by the six-winged bug, Luo Zheng continued to advance along the only path in this cave!
Hundred feet …
Hundred feet …
Not long after, Luo Zheng arrived at the deepest part of this cave.
In the deepest part of this cave, there was an ancient temple …
Although it was deep underground and the ancient temple looked extremely dilapidated, it faintly emitted a powerful aura.
"Why is there an ancient temple underground?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
According to Luo Zheng's speculation, this Illusory Battlefield should have originally existed in a large world, but it belonged to a large world that was sealed off.
Normally, the Illusory Battlefield formed by the 50 large worlds was not allowed to enter. Only after the Illusory Battlefield was opened could the warriors from the outside world enter through the light spots projected by the Heavenly Dao. Moreover, it was only limited to the Divine Sea Realm.
Was there any living creature living in this Illusory Battlefield before?
Looking at the three Heaven Reaching Rats outside the cave, the rotating lights in the cave, and the six-winged bug beside him, this cave was obviously man-made. But who did it?
Luo Zheng had only ascended to the Upper Realm for a short time and did not travel extensively.
He already knew that among the three major forces of the Human Clan, only the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm's Buddhism was prosperous!
It was said that the tenth-rank Holy Land of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was not named "Holy Land" but "Blessed Land" or "Temple" directly …
Then, was this ancient temple in front of him related to the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm?
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng entered this ancient temple.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped into this ancient temple, he saw a Buddha statue!
It was a smiling Maitreya Buddha. What was strange was that this Buddha statue was actually riding on a tall horse. This Maitreya Buddha had a round face and a round belly. No matter from which angle, its eyes seemed to be staring at Luo Zheng.
For some reason, although he knew that this Maitreya Buddha was a dead object, Luo Zheng faintly felt that he was being spied on.
This feeling was very bad. After all, the atmosphere here was really strange.
If it were another place, Luo Zheng might choose to leave this ancient temple if he did not know what treasures there were. After all, the atmosphere of this ancient temple was too strange. It did not seem to be a blessed land but a dangerous place!
However, now that Luo Zheng was in the Illusion Battlefield, he would at most be resurrected in the main city after death. Moreover, he had just paid the "toll" of 300,000 Fantasy Points. Naturally, Luo Zheng was reluctant to leave so easily. He wanted to see what kind of return he could get by deducting 300,000 Fantasy Points.
Therefore, Luo Zheng walked straight, bypassed the Maitreya Buddha statue, left the front yard of this ancient temple, and entered the true inner courtyard of this ancient temple.
However, after Luo Zheng stepped into the inner courtyard, the Maitreya Buddha's smiling expression began to change. Its eyes turned upside down, and so did its smiling mouth!
After turning, the Maitreya Buddha's face was full of ferocity.
Luo Zheng, who had already entered the inner courtyard, naturally could not see this scene …
Bang!
He had just stepped into the inner courtyard, and before he had time to size up the environment of this inner courtyard, the two doors behind him slammed shut!
Luo Zheng turned around and glanced at the broken wooden door. He did not choose to shatter it …
If this ancient temple could really trap him, he would not be able to shatter the wooden door no matter how broken it was. If Luo Zheng could easily shatter it and escape, then the trouble he was about to face would not be worth mentioning.
In the empty space of the inner courtyard, there were four Buddha statues erected!
These four Buddha statues held long staffs in their hands and wore kasayas. The four staffs were uniformly pointed at the center of the inner courtyard, which was where Luo Zheng was.
"This is … an Arhat?" Luo Zheng stared at the statues as he spoke.
Just as Luo Zheng was sizing up the four Buddha statues, he heard a crackling sound!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already discovered the source of the crackling sound …
Cracks began to appear on the surface of the four Buddha statues in the corner, and the Arhat Buddha statues actually began to move!
In a short while, the four stone statues jumped down from the lotus flower pedestal, brandished their long staffs, and charged straight at Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1199
The four Arhat Buddha statues held long staffs in their hands. They pointed, stabbed, slashed, and swept. The coordination between the Buddha statues was flawless!
Their speed was not fast, and their power was not shocking. However, Luo Zheng could not find any flaws when he glanced at them. The shadows of the staffs seemed to have sealed off all of Luo Zheng's escape routes!
"What exquisite staffs!"
However, just because there were no flaws, it did not mean that Luo Zheng could not break the staffs of the four Arhat Buddha statues.
He casually took a step forward, and his figure strangely disappeared from where he was standing. He then appeared behind one of the Arhat Buddha statues!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Even though Luo Zheng pierced through space, three staffs followed him!
Facing the three staffs, Luo Zheng's expression was calm. His right hand struck the Arhat Buddha statue in front of him with lightning speed!
"Clang …"
Along with the sound of debris shattering, the Arhat Buddha statue suddenly shattered.
The moment the Arhat Buddha statue shattered, Luo Zheng's body was like a fish leaping out of the water. He used his sword steps to avoid the three staffs. Then, he pierced through space again and appeared behind another Arhat Buddha statue.
He struck out with his palm and did the same thing.
"Clang clang …"
The staffs of the four Buddha statues were exquisite, and their coordination was flawless.
However, they were only four stone Buddha statues. With the sturdiness of Luo Zheng's body, even if the staffs hit him, they might not be able to cause much damage.
"Clang clang!"
"Clang clang!"
In just a short while, the four Arhat Buddha statues were all destroyed by Luo Zheng's palm.
After Luo Zheng destroyed the Buddha statues, his gaze landed on the door of the Inner Academy. The instant the Buddha statues were destroyed, the door of the Inner Academy opened by itself without any wind blowing.
"There's an inner courtyard within the inner courtyard?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Before entering the ancient temple, he had observed it. The ancient temple was not big, but the inner courtyard was connected to the inner courtyard. Obviously, it was bigger than Luo Zheng had estimated.
Although he was doubtful, Luo Zheng did not hesitate much and once again stepped into the Inner Academy!
After entering the second inner courtyard, Luo Zheng glanced around and found four more Buddha statues.
"It's still four Arhat Buddha statues …"
These four Arhats were slightly different from the previous four!
The four Arhat Buddha statues in the First Courtyard were the Arhat Gatekeepers. Their eyes were solemn and vigilant, and they looked like they were ready to fight evil.
On the other hand, the Arhat Buddha statues of Astral-2 had clear jade and clear appearances. Each of them raised their hands in celebration and looked like they were bursting with joy. When Luo Zheng looked over, he was even affected by the aura of these four Buddha statues, and he felt much more relaxed.
"Happy Arhat …"
There were many types of Arhats. Although Luo Zheng had never been to the Ten Thousand Buddhas Sacred Realm, he knew from the Buddhist scriptures that there were a total of 18 Arhats.
Just like this Happy Arhat, who was also known as Venerable Ganuka Daiwa …
If that was the case, wouldn't there be as many as 18 Arhats in the Inner Academy?
When he thought of this, cracks appeared on the surface of the four Happy Arhats. The four Happy Arhats jumped down from the lotus flower base. Their long sleeves fluttered in the wind, and with smiles on their faces, they went straight for Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The four Happy Arhats used finger techniques. The finger lights were swift and fierce, as if they could penetrate everything, and they went straight for Luo Zheng's vital points!
Thinking that there might be 16 more Inner Academies below, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He did not want to waste too much time here, so he simply resisted with his incomparably strong body.
However, even if he resisted, Luo Zheng would still change his steps before the finger lights reached his body, avoiding his vital points.
"Break for me!"
When the four Happy Arhats came close, Luo Zheng struck with both palms.
Accompanied by the whistling wind from his palms, the sound of rubble shattering could be heard. The four Happy Arhat Buddha statues were also shattered in an instant.
After smashing the four Happy Arhats, Luo Zheng continued to move forward. When he reached the door of the second Inner Academy, the door just happened to open.
When he entered, he saw that it was indeed the third Inner Academy. And in this third Inner Academy, there were also four Buddha statues!
"Sitting Deer Arhat!"
On the lotus flower base, there were four lifelike stone deer kneeling on it. And on the stone deer, there were four Arhat Buddha statues that were calm and self-admiring. At a glance, they gave off an extremely noble feeling.
Soon, the four Sitting Deer Arhats rode the stone deer and also went straight for Luo Zheng …
The fourth Inner Academy, the Altar-Raising Arhat …
The fifth Inner Academy, the Tar-Bearing Arhat …
The sixth Inner Academy, the Sitting Arhat …
These Arhats had different cultivation methods and attacking methods. For example, the Sitting Arhat did not know how to attack at all.
It was just that they sat quietly in place and did not attack Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng could not enter the next Inner Academy without smashing these four Arhats. He could only go straight to the four corners of the Inner Academy and smash them one by one.
However, this Arhat Meditating Arhat was sitting quietly on the spot, and there was a mysterious Buddhist light covering its body. Its defensive power was also astonishingly strong. It was not easy to shatter it this time. It was also because of Luo Zheng's infinite strength. If it were other warriors who entered this place, they would have to spend more effort.
The seventh Inner Academy, the Crossing the River Arhat …
The eighth Inner Academy, the Elephant Arhat …
…
…
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, there were indeed as many as eighteen Inner Academies in front of him.
Starting from the first Inner Academy, the Arhats became stronger and stronger as they went on, and their attacking methods were also varied. Luo Zheng could not help but sigh at the vastness of Buddhism. It was no wonder that the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Territory, a Buddhist Holy Land, could support a major force of the Human Race alone!
The seventeenth Inner Academy, the Subduing Tiger Arhat! It was also known as Venerable Millet!
At this point, even Luo Zheng could feel the pressure faintly!
Although the Tiger-subduing Arhats were still stone statues, the power of these four statues could not be compared with the previous Arhats.
Every time these four Arhats took a step, there would be a tiger roar. Whether in terms of speed or strength, they were comparable to a martial artist at the peak of the Divine Sea Realm!
"Roar …"
Facing the four Tiger-subduing Arhats, Luo Zheng looked solemn. The Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword was already in his hand!
He had a vague sense of danger. These Buddha statues were made of strange stones and were extremely fragile, but their moves were far more exquisite than those of the Divine Sea Realm martial artists outside.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did feel that if he was surrounded by the Tiger-subduing Arhats, it would be difficult for him to break free.
Although Luo Zheng had passed through the previous 16 Inner Academies smoothly, it did not mean that everything would go smoothly. There were many examples of failure at the last step. Luo Zheng would not let his guard down at the critical moment because of the previous smoothness.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Dozens of Ghost Shadows shot out from the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword.
However, the palm techniques of the four Tiger-subduing Arhats were swift and ruthless. Their speed was also extremely fast. Although there were many Youshen Shadows, before they could even get close to the four Arhat statues, they were smashed apart by the mysterious palm prints.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a bright light!
The Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword was pushed to the extreme by Luo Zheng. Apart from the Ghost Shadows, the wind blades were like blooming lotus flowers. The wind blades were the petals that floated in the wind. However, these "petals" carried a strong destructive power!
Apart from the wind blades, there were also thunderbolts. The thunderbolts were later than the wind blades, but they arrived first and blasted towards the four Tiger-subduing Arhats!
"Crack! Swish … "
In the Inner Academy, all kinds of energy were constantly being emitted. However, Luo Zheng, who was in the center, was like the center of a typhoon. His expression was calm, and even his sleeves did not flutter in the slightest!
The four Tiger-subduing Arhats were pushing their palms to the extreme. Each of the Tiger-subduing Arhats was waving their palms. When they waved their palms, there was a faint shadow of a ferocious tiger. In an instant, there were three to four hundred palms. When the four Tiger-subduing Arhats waved their palms at the same time, it was as if there were thousands of ferocious tigers roaring around Luo Zheng!
It was also these tiger phantoms that gradually offset the power of Luo Zheng's longsword. Both sides were in a stalemate!
At this moment, in the depths of the ancient temple, a ten thousand zhang tall golden Buddha suddenly opened his eyes!
This golden Buddha was holding a sword in one hand and a lotus flower in the other. His face was not angry, but he was majestic. When he felt the power of Luo Zheng's sword, his eyes were still indifferent …
"In this Evolution Era, there is actually another little guy who cultivates the Emotion Severing Divine Path … This Emotion Severing Divine Path has been forbidden for hundreds of Evolutions Eras. Why are there still two or three Evolutions Eras appearing in this Evolution Era?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1200
This great Buddha fell into deep thought.
Actually, at this moment, Luo Zheng had yet to use the Godly Yi Sword.
This Godly Yi Sword had gone through several years of tempering and had become even more refined and pure. In Luo Zheng's heart, the concept of severing emotions had become even clearer!
However, he was still unable to completely cut off all of his emotions. Thus, the Godly Yi Sword was still not perfect.
However, after several years of accumulation, even if he did not use the Godly Yi Sword, there was still a trace of emotion severing intent hidden within the sword. That great Buddha caught onto this trace of emotion severing intent and realized that Luo Zheng was walking the path of severing emotions divine dao.
Strands of primal chaos energy were drawn out from the sea of primal chaos by Luo Zheng!
These strands of primal chaos energy turned into lightning and wind blades, scattering in all directions. There were also many divine shadows mixed within!
After confronting the four Subduing Tiger Arhats for about four to five breaths of time, his eyes flashed and he dashed toward one of the Subduing Tiger Arhats.
Although the four Subduing Tiger Arhats could subdue the lightning and wind blades of the Lightning Wind Divine Sword, they had already reached their limit. Although the tiger's roar and palm strikes were exquisite, there were still flaws within.
However, Luo Zheng was sharp enough to notice this flaw, and he immediately closed in on him!
How fast was his speed in the blink of an eye?
By the time the Subduing Tiger Arhat noticed Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng was already in front of his chest. His palm was already on the Arhat's chest!
"Break!"
As the word "break" was uttered, a neat palm print appeared on the Subduing Tiger Arhat's sturdy chest. The cracks around the palm print quickly spread and covered the entire Arhat's body. Then, the stone statue crumbled and turned into a pile of rubble.
At this moment, because Luo Zheng had made his move later, the remaining power of the wind blades dissipated and the rubble was blown away.
After destroying the statue in front of him, Luo Zheng did not stop at all. With a slight turn of his body, he suddenly raised his sword, which was hanging by the side, and a refreshing sword light appeared in the air. He then went straight for another Tiger-subduing Arhat on the side!
Bang!
The sword light instantly engulfed the Subduing Tiger statue!
That Crouching Tiger statue was sending out a series of palm strikes towards Luo Zheng. However, at this moment, it suddenly stopped. When Luo Zheng charged towards the next Crouching Tiger statue, a series of indiscernible cracks appeared on its body. Following which, the statue broke into pieces. However, the cracks were extremely smooth …
"Pa, pa …"
The remaining two Subduing Tiger statues were no longer able to surround and attack Luo Zheng. They were no longer a threat to Luo Zheng. Destroying them was a piece of cake for him.
After destroying the four statues, Luo Zheng still didn't stop.
This was already the seventeenth inner court …
Although the journey wasn't particularly dangerous, it was still quite time-consuming and exhausting.
However, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with anticipation. What kind of reward would he get after passing the trial of this cave? Next would be the last inner court, which was also the eighteenth inner court …
When Luo Zheng stepped into the last inner court, he suddenly heard the roar of a dragon.
"Subduing Dragon Arhat!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light.
The four Arhats in the four corners of the inner court had a True Dragon coiling around them!
In ancient times, there were people who subdued dragons and used the power of Mahesvara to subdue the True Dragon Arhat under the Buddha Heaven … This Subduing Dragon Arhat was also known as Maha Kasyapa.
This time, Luo Zheng did not choose to wait in the same place!
He went through seventeen inner courts in a row and destroyed seventeen Arhat Buddha statues. He knew the key points.
These Arhat Buddha statues were not very powerful. After all, these Arhats did not come in their true bodies. The statues were only stained with a trace of Buddha's heart and condensed a trace of fragrance.
Incense was the power of faith.
In the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, there were countless believers worshiping them. Although the saying was different, the essence was roughly the same as the three kings of the Demon Night Clan!
However, there was still a gap …
The Demon Night Clan was born in the universe. The use and development of the power of faith was limited to the three kings.
However, the inheritance of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region was far from simple.
As the saying went, "Gods and Buddhas in the heavens." The word "Gods" contained the word "Many". There was more than one Heaven. Therefore, the Gods and Buddhas did not only exist in the Heavenly Dao. The Buddhas were existences that were on par with the True Gods!
In other words, the inheritance of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region was probably an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
If the eighteen Arhats in front of him were to come in person, they could easily kill Luo Zheng with a single finger …
The fact that these stone statues could exert such strength with just a trace of the power of Incense was enough to make Luo Zheng very wary. The most important thing was that when the four Arhats worked together, their strength would often increase by several times. There were almost no flaws.
The strength of the four statues in the last inner court must be much stronger than before. To be safe, Luo Zheng went straight for one of the statues after stepping into the inner court.
After breaking one Arhat Taming Dragon statue, the rest would be much easier to deal with.
The Arhat Taming Dragon statue in the corner was constantly cracking. Its body trembled, and it seemed like it was about to move.
However, Luo Zheng was already close to the Arhat Taming Dragon. He pointed a finger at the Arhat Taming Dragon's head. As long as his fingertip touched the Arhat Taming Dragon, the power would surge and naturally turn the stone statue into powder.
Even the huge stone mountain could not withstand Luo Zheng's overwhelming power. His finger could also shatter it, let alone the eight-foot stone statue in front of him.
Although the Arhat Taming Dragon's body did not move, the True Dragon statue on its body crawled up from its right shoulder. The True Dragon's horn poked out and slammed toward Luo Zheng's finger!
The True Dragon was only made of stone!
Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest. He was determined to get this finger. If he could break one statue, he could destroy the other three. The reward in this cave was something he must get.
He never thought that when Luo Zheng's fingertip touched the True Dragon's horn, he would feel a huge force passing through …
"Bang!"
The fingertip collided with the horn!
The horn was shattered, but it also blocked Luo Zheng's finger!
At the same time, the Arhat Taming Dragon completely "woke up". Its two palms heavily clapped together, and a dragon's roar was heard. It was as if a True Dragon had awakened in its body.
At the same time, the True Dragon statue on its shoulder began to flicker with a little bit of green light!
That was the light of dragon scales!
"Roar —"
The two palms clapped together and separated, but it was aimed at Luo Zheng's chest!
Luo Zheng's sneak attack did not succeed. He was caught off guard and was hit by the Arhat Taming Dragon's palm!
"What a powerful force!"
When the two palms clapped together, Luo Zheng felt a force that could topple mountains and overturn seas pass through.
His whole body was sent flying backward. His feet plowed a groove in the ground, and his whole body heavily crashed into the wall on the other side of the inner courtyard!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng crashed into the wall with such a powerful force. How shocking was its destructive power?
If he crashed into a mountain in the Lower Realm, not only would the first mountain collapse, but even the mountains behind it would be shattered and overturned.
The walls of the inner courtyard looked decayed and dilapidated. It was as if a gust of wind could destroy this dilapidated ancient temple. However, this wall withstood Luo Zheng's crash and did not move at all. Its sturdiness was admirable …
However, this was the Illusory Battlefield after all.
The walls of the main cities in the outside world also looked very ordinary, but even the most powerful warriors could not shatter those walls. Presumably, the two had the same principle. How could something constructed by the Heavenly Dao be so easily destroyed?
Luo Zheng was not in the mood to think about this. His attention now fell on the True Dragon on the Arhat Taming Dragon's shoulder!
His own strength was boundless, and he also borrowed the strength of the True Dragon. He never thought that the Arhat Taming Dragon was like him, able to borrow the strength of the True Dragon on its shoulder.
It was as if the Arhat Taming Dragon's two palms clapped together, and the dragon scales on the True Dragon statue also lit up one by one, flickering with a green luster …
However, this True Dragon was, after all, just a stone statue. Even if all the scales on its body lit up, although its strength was terrifying, it was not to the extent that Luo Zheng could not bear it!