Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.19

Chapter 1801
As the power poured out, the golden light in Luo Zheng's eyes kept flashing!
A magnificent and sharp sword intent condensed from the Chiliocosm Heavy Sword …
"Anatta Sword!"
"Yi God's One Sword! Cut! "
"Swish!"
The blazing sword intent almost cut off all of Luo Zheng's emotions. At this moment, Luo Zheng forgot everything. The sword intent kept swallowing and spitting, forming a sharp edge!
Luo Zheng was the only one here, so he could use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao without any scruples.
Luo Zheng didn't release the sword intent. His purpose was only to cut off these stalagmites.
Although the color of the stalagmites had faded, they were still as fragile as paper when Luo Zheng's power and the Emotion Severing Divine Dao burst out at the same time.
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
Along with a burst of cracking sounds, a large part of the stalagmites that imprisoned Luo Zheng suddenly broke!
"Whoosh!"
After cutting off the stalagmites, Luo Zheng jumped up. Although he couldn't fly, his great strength combined with his strong legs made him turn into a sharp sword and shoot toward the black mud!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng couldn't define what this strange life form was, but the trap of this cave was obviously the work of this mud!
The mud was still wriggling slowly on the wall. Wherever it passed, the liquid it secreted had a strong attraction to the huge shadow in the wall. The more liquid it secreted, the faster the shadow in the wall moved.
This "mud" probably thought that Luo Zheng couldn't get out of the cage, so it kept a very slow speed. But after a loud explosion, it saw Luo Zheng jump over at a terrifying speed!
Its five tentacles suddenly stretched into the layer of gangue, and the whole cave was connected with it in an instant. Under the control of this mud, translucent stalagmites began to spread again like thousands of tentacles, determined to stop Luo Zheng!
However, the speed and strength that Luo Zheng displayed at this moment far exceeded the mud's expectations!
Before this, this piece of mud obviously didn't put Luo Zheng in its eyes. After all, after it was trapped, it had swallowed a lot of True Gods. How could a mere Proof of Divinity martial artist do anything to it?
Now, this piece of mud finally realized how extraordinary Luo Zheng was, but it was obviously too late!
Those crazily growing stalagmites were simply not enough to stop Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change in the slightest. After falling into the state of "Anatta Sword", not only could he fully exert the power of the Emotion-Severing Divine Way, but it also allowed Luo Zheng to be in a state of absolute calmness. He could clearly consider all the threats around him!
"Dong dong dong dong …"
The Great Chiliocosm Heavy Sword surrounded Luo Zheng and slashed crazily. Any stalagmite that dared to approach him was cut down by his sword. There was no exception!
The entire process only lasted for a single breath of time. During this time, Luo Zheng slashed out more than a hundred times and destroyed more than a hundred stalagmites. Finally, he rushed towards the mud!
"Chi!"
A strange sound came from this piece of mud.
At this moment, this piece of mud actually split into pieces, turning into palm-sized pieces that drilled into the wall behind it!
"This thing can really drill into the gangue layer." Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. This time, Luo Zheng could clearly see that this piece of mud was divided into six pieces. The other five pieces were just tentacles of this piece of mud. The middle piece was the largest, and there was a bulge on the surface of this piece of mud.
Almost without any hesitation, he heavily smashed the Great Chiliocosm Heavy Sword into the bulge in the middle of the piece of mud!
"Pop!"
He didn't expect this bulge to be so sturdy. Luo Zheng's Great Chiliocosm Heavy Sword didn't break it. However, the bulge bounced out of the mud and wanted to jump along the wall of the cave.
Luo Zheng glanced at it and found that it was a pure and flawless transparent bead. In the center of the bead, there seemed to be an "eye" slowly rotating. It seemed to be the eye of some kind of creature!
No matter what kind of creature it was, the eye was the most fragile part. This was the law of evolution for most creatures. However, this eye obviously surpassed this law and was actually so sturdy.
Although Luo Zheng was very surprised, he didn't stop at all.
After losing the eye, the six pieces of mud scattered on the ground were motionless like dead objects. Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed the six pieces of mud and put them into his Sumeru Ring. At the same time, he stepped back and stretched out his left hand to grab the eye!
Luo Zheng's original target was the mud on the ground. However, after seeing the strange eye, he faintly had a premonition that these things should be related to the Chaos Secret Skill he cultivated. Otherwise, his Inner World wouldn't have given such a strong reaction.
However, at the moment when he reached for the eye, the huge black shadows on the side of the wall were getting closer and closer to the wall. At this moment, a skinny long arm suddenly stretched out from the wall and directly grabbed at Luo Zheng!
"This arm …"
The arm didn't look like the arm of a creature. It seemed to be carved out of some special jade. Luo Zheng couldn't feel any blood Qi from the arm. It was like a puppet's body.
If he allowed the eyeball to escape, Luo Zheng would not be willing to accept it!
He clenched his teeth and directly slashed to the right with the Great Chiliocosm Heavy Sword …
"Clang!"
Sparks flew everywhere …
Luo Zheng had used 70% of his strength to activate the One Sword of God Yi in the State of Selflessness. Even an ordinary True God would find it difficult to resist the power of this sword. However, when it slashed at the jade arm, it only created sparks and didn't even leave a mark on it!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart sank. His body suddenly floated. He clenched his teeth and increased his speed by 30%, almost pushing himself to his limit! His left hand suddenly reached out, and he finally grabbed the eyeball in his hand …
"Luo Zheng, come out, come out …" Evil Old Man shouted in his mind.
On the surrounding walls of the cave, countless one-zhang-long arms stretched out and continuously grabbed at the air. On the side of the wall where Luo Zheng was, six or seven arms stretched out and grabbed at Luo Zheng!
When Luo Zheng slashed with his sword just now, he had already tested the strength of these arms. With his current cultivation, if he was grabbed by these arms, he would definitely die. Even if he activated all his strength, it would be difficult for him to break free.
"Eight-Zigzag Flying Smoke!"
At the moment of danger, Luo Zheng quickly activated his movement skill.
These black giant shadows only extended their arms out of the layer of gangue. They were also grabbing randomly based on their senses. After Luo Zheng used the Eight-Zigzag Flying Smoke, his entire body was like a piece of paper, floating along with these randomly grabbing arms. After floating for a while, he finally left the range of these arms.
Luo Zheng finally heaved a sigh of relief. He stopped using the Eight-Zigzag Flying Smoke and panted heavily …
Looking at the densely packed arms that were constantly grabbing at him, Luo Zheng's scalp went numb. The longer he stayed here, the more danger he would be in. Now, he had to find an exit!
Just now, Luo Zheng had drilled out from the top of this cave. However, the tunnel he created with his own hands had mysteriously disappeared.
He couldn't figure out the reason behind it. What's more, he didn't have time to figure it out. He almost relied on his own body to slash at the top of the cave.
With this slash, the slender sword beam directly tore a huge crack in the ceiling of the cave. Just as Luo Zheng was about to rush out of the hole, he saw the scene in the hole. His legs immediately went soft and he almost fell to the ground!
Outside that huge crack was another huge cave. In that cave, countless small pieces of mud were constantly jumping. In the center of these mud was a small protrusion. On each protrusion, there was a pupil that was staring at Luo Zheng.
If it were only these "mud", Luo Zheng should be happy. If he could get his hands on these "mud", it would be very easy for him to condense his godhood. However, on one side of these "mud", there were seven or eight huge heads sticking out of the crack. These heads were like skinless monsters. Pairs of millstone-sized eyes were looking down at Luo Zheng with awe-inspiring gazes.
Being stared at by these eyes, Luo Zheng almost couldn't breathe!

Chapter 1802
At this moment, Luo Zheng suspected that he had fallen into some kind of illusion.
He had clearly drilled his way down from the top of the cave. Why had the scene changed?
It was impossible for another huge cave to appear in the gangue layer above him in such a short period of time … What he saw could no longer be explained by common sense.
"Luo Zheng, below!" the Evil Old Man shouted in his mind.
The Evil Old Man could feel Luo Zheng's depression, and he could understand Luo Zheng's feelings.
Anyone who encountered such a situation would suspect that they had gone mad …
The Evil Old Man was naturally very shocked, but he was only a remnant soul after all. He was not as nervous as Luo Zheng. The scene before him was too absurd, but he still hoped that Luo Zheng could find a way out.
Since a cave had appeared above him, he might as well take another path. Thus, he had Luo Zheng cut a path from below.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly, realizing that he had lost his composure.
This had to do with the change in Luo Zheng's mentality. Back in the Great Evolution Universe, Luo Zheng had been on a meteoric rise. His confidence had been like the rising sun in the morning, and his hot-bloodedness could burn everything. Now, Luo Zheng had become cautious and sharp. The environment in the divine territory was different. Luo Zheng had to adjust his mentality to deal with it!
After the Evil Old Man's shout, Luo Zheng's survival instincts rose in his heart. Even if the path above no longer existed, he could still find another way. It was better than being trapped here!
The arms around the cave grew longer and longer, and the shadows were about to burst out from the walls. The huge heads above also poked out from the cracks in the walls at the same time …
"Anatta Sword …"
In this situation, any negative emotion could be fatal. Luo Zheng once again suppressed his emotions with his understanding of the way of the sword. At the same time, he used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!
With a flip of his right hand, the Great Chiliocosm Sword suddenly stabbed downwards. His body abruptly retreated, and the sword intent emanating from the Great Chiliocosm Sword tore a hole in the ground. The gangue on the surface of the cave had turned dark green, while the normal gangue was as black as charcoal!
Through the hole, Luo Zheng saw a patch of black gangue. Whether in terms of hardness or toughness, this kind of "normal" gangue was far inferior to the dark green gangue in the cave!
"Finally normal!" Luo Zheng was delighted.
After falling into the Emotion Severing Divine Path, Luo Zheng's mind should not have any emotional fluctuations, but Luo Zheng ultimately did not cultivate this Divine Path to the extreme. Seeing these black gangue, he suddenly had a feeling that he had escaped death. His originally "emotionless" soul was still somewhat excited in the end!
"Boom, boom, boom …"
. Now Luo Zheng did not hold back at all. With his absolute strength and the Yi Shen Sword, this sword was able to break a tunnel that was more than 30 meters long. After three or four sword strikes, the tunnel was already 50 to 60 meters long!
After thrusting out these sword strikes, Luo Zheng jumped up and fell straight down like a vertical wooden stick.
At the same time, Luo Zheng heard dense footsteps. Those huge black shadows finally broke out of the walls. However, Luo Zheng did not even have time to take a look at what those huge shadows were before he fell into the tunnel. When he raised his head again, Luo Zheng saw dozens of arms stretching out and filling up the tunnel he had created …
After taking a look, he did not raise his head again. He only focused on digging down. After digging about four to five hundred meters in this layer of gangue, he raised his head again. The tunnel above his head was only a blurry dot. With Luo Zheng's eyesight, he could still see that those arms were still tightly stuffed at the entrance of the tunnel.
At this moment, he let out a sigh of relief. It seemed like those fellows were unable to leave the cave. Then, he released the Anatta Sword.
Although he did not know what had happened inside and outside the cave, he guessed that he had dug down from the Tie Clan's pit. After passing through that cave, he continued to dig down several hundred meters.
It was unrealistic to keep digging down. There were many strange things underground in the Divine Domain. Who knew what else he could dig up?
Luo Zheng discussed with the Extreme Evil Old Man in his mind for a while. In the end, he decided to dig horizontally. Although the cave above his head was not small, he could still go around it if he dug horizontally.
As he dug horizontally, he used the Da Qian Heavy Sword to dig another ten thousand feet long tunnel. At this point, Luo Zheng changed his direction again and started to dig diagonally upwards.
To create such a long passageway in the gangue layer, even for a middle true god, it was quite tiring. Luo Zheng's strength was boundless. If some lower true gods with average talent were placed here, they might not have the ability to break through the thick gangue layer and climb up.
As he dug upwards, Luo Zheng was very careful. He was afraid that he would accidentally dig into that cave again.
As he dug, he analyzed the situation with the Extreme Evil Old Man. They came up with the closest answer. The strange cave had indeed moved. As for how the cave moved in the layer of gangue, the two of them could not figure out the reason.
However, they managed to escape without any mishap. More importantly, he obtained six pieces of "mud." Among the six pieces of mud, five of them were similar in size to the ones sold to him by the Tie Clan. The piece in the middle was four to five times larger than the other pieces.
Other than these pieces of mud, he also caught the eyeball. As for what the eyeball was, he could only study it when he returned.
Luo Zheng maintained his vigilance as he dug diagonally upwards. Naturally, his speed was not fast. After digging for about eight hours, he suddenly felt the Da Qian Heavy Sword lighten. At the same time, he heard the sound of sand rubbing against each other.
"I have dug out the layer of gangue!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. After passing through the layer of gangue, there was an ordinary layer of mud. This layer of mud was much easier to dig. Moreover, this proved that Luo Zheng had already bypassed that cave.
Following the soil layer, Luo Zheng continued to dig for the time it took for an incense stick to burn. He discovered that the soil above was getting wetter and wetter. Luo Zheng already had a vague guess in his heart. The moment he dug out the soil layer, a raging stream of water flowed down from above. He had dug into a pond.
This pond was located in one of the courtyards of the Tie Clan. Although the Tie Clan was not ranked high in the Six Ren Divine City, they had been in business for many years. Therefore, they were far superior to ordinary clans. The courtyard of the Tie Clan occupied a large area and was built in a disorderly manner.
The maidservants in the courtyard suddenly noticed a whirlpool in the middle of the pond. Their faces were filled with curiosity. The water in the pond quickly sank into the tunnel that Luo Zheng dug. Soon, a soaked Luo Zheng appeared in the middle of the pond. Immediately, the maidservants of the Tie Clan screamed …
Not long after, Luo Zheng was invited back to the main hall of the Tie Clan.
Tie Yan's Second Uncle and Third Uncle were extremely puzzled. Naturally, they had to ask Luo Zheng in detail.
Not only did they fail to find Luo Zheng, but they also didn't know how Luo Zheng left. Moreover, the huge pit was quite a distance away from the Tie Clan. After Luo Zheng disappeared mysteriously for a few hours, he actually reappeared in the pond of the Tie Clan. This made the whole matter even more strange.
Luo Zheng didn't tell them the truth. If he had only dug out a few pieces of mud, there was no need to hide it. However, when he encountered that strange cave and saw the man and woman on the stone, he knew that this matter wasn't simple. Therefore, he naturally didn't reveal anything.
Luo Zheng told the Tie Clan that he had discovered something strange while he was digging. He couldn't find his way back and could only dig aimlessly. After being trapped for a few hours, he finally dug his way out. He didn't expect to find himself in the Tie Clan's pond.
The elders of the Tie Clan didn't comment on Luo Zheng's words. It seemed that they didn't believe him at all. In fact, they had already made up their minds. After Luo Zheng left, they would send people to explore the passage of the pond … …
Luo Zheng was well aware of the plans of the Tie Clan. However, whether or not the Tie Clan could find that strange cave was another matter altogether. According to the location where he appeared, Luo Zheng was certain that the cave could be moved. This was probably the reason why the cave hadn't been discovered for so many years.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1803
After spending a day in the Tie Family, Luo Zheng finally took his leave. The Tie Family naturally did not ask him to stay. They were also in a hurry to explore the passage under the pool.
Luo Zheng chose to go into seclusion as soon as he returned to the Heaven-Containing Mansion.
Luo Zheng had already figured out the purpose of the mud.
Although the world in his body kept urging Luo Zheng to devour the "mud" as soon as possible, Luo Zheng still ignored it.
In addition to the "mud", Luo Zheng also obtained the transparent bead this time.
When Luo Zheng took out the eyeball, the mud lost its spirituality and became ordinary mud.
In other words, when Tie Lin's Second Uncle caught the first piece of mud, it was actually the black thing that abandoned a part of its body. The real core should be this eyeball!
Luo Zheng put the Sumeru Ring on his finger and took out the eyeball with a flip of his right hand.
Luo Zheng did not observe it too carefully because he was trying to escape. Now that he took a closer look, he found that the surface of the bead was cracked and broken. Fine cracks covered the surface of the transparent bead.
The bead was indeed sturdy, but it could not withstand the power of Luo Zheng's sword.
"This is a kind of soul container. There must be some kind of living soul inside the bead." The Evil Old Man looked at the bead in his mind and analyzed it for Luo Zheng. "Generally speaking, only the most advanced puppet techniques can seal a soul into a bead. It's said that some Saints like to do this."
"Seal a soul into a bead …" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. Afo in the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was a puppet, but his soul had lived for countless years. He had never seen Afo's soul container and wondered if Afo's soul was sealed in a small bead by Gu Bei.
Just as Luo Zheng was looking at the bead, the pupil in the transparent bead suddenly turned and rolled along Luo Zheng's finger. It wanted to escape from Luo Zheng's hand!
Although Luo Zheng didn't expect this, how agile was his reaction? With a flip of his hand, he easily pinched the bead in his hand, and a smile appeared on his face. "There is indeed a soul in it, and it wants to escape …"
When the bead was caught by Luo Zheng once again, the pupil in the bead stopped moving and lost all signs of life once again...
"Hehe, the soul in this bead has been playing dead all this time." Old Man Extreme Evil laughed.
If he wanted to find out the secrets of the cave, he had to start with this small bead. After holding the small bead tightly, Luo Zheng's mind emitted an invisible Divine Sense. The Divine Sense slowly extended from between his eyebrows and poured into the small bead.
The moment Luo Zheng poured his divine sense into the small bead, a clear image was projected into his mind. At this moment, Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly dilated!
"This, this is …"
It was a hellish scene. Blood-red crows circled in the air, and a few slender black figures carried curved sickles as they walked aimlessly in the underground cave. In the middle of these black figures was a large cauldron that was thousands of feet tall. Under the constant burning of blood-red flames, the large cauldron was also boiling. And in the center of the cauldron, there was something moving up and down.
The thing in the cauldron was actually a small head!
This head's hair seemed to be hundreds of feet long. The black hair covered the cauldron and floated along with the boiling water in the cauldron …
After a while, the hair slowly parted like a curtain, revealing an exquisite and elegant face. It was actually the head of a young girl.
When Luo Zheng saw this young girl's appearance, his soul suddenly trembled!
"What's wrong with you?" Old Man Extreme Evil asked anxiously in his mind. What exactly did Luo Zheng discover for his soul to tremble to such an extent?
"This, this is Luo Yan?"
The young girl's appearance was almost exactly the same as Luo Yan's!
"No, this isn't her …"
Although the appearance was exactly the same, the temperament was completely different!
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, the young girl's head in the cauldron suddenly opened her eyes.
After the light purple eyelids opened, a pair of blood-red pupils were revealed. Those pupils emitted a boundless demonic aura, giving people an indescribable feeling of bewitchment. That pair of red pupils actually looked in Luo Zheng's direction. At the same time, her thin lips slightly curled up, containing a trace of a smile.
That trace of a smile had a profound meaning …
Then, he saw her lips move slightly, as if she was saying a word!
Luo Zheng's heart shook violently. He also stared at the young girl's head, wanting to know what she wanted to say.
But at this moment …
The pupil in the transparent bead in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly spun. Then, a flame flashed in the pupil. With a muffled bang, the originally clear pupil suddenly turned turbid. The soul in the soul container had chosen to self-destruct.
At the same time, the scene in Luo Zheng's mind suddenly collapsed. That world shattered and disappeared without a trace …
Luo Zheng seemed to have lost his soul. He sat there in a daze, not moving an inch.
After a while, Old Man Extreme Evil asked, "What did you see? Why are you so shocked? "
In Old Man Extreme Evil's eyes, for Luo Zheng to be qualified to be Gu Bei's disciple, he must have seen many people of the world. He found it hard to imagine what could make Luo Zheng lose his soul.
…
Somewhere in the Divine Realm …
Above the cauldron, the young girl's head slowly floated up.
Her long, slender hair continued to grow as her head floated up. It was like an inverted black waterfall, slowly being pulled out of the cauldron.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Not far away, a group of black things crawled over.
These black things were the "mud" that Luo Zheng had been searching for. The mud quickly intertwined and constantly transformed into a curvaceous body shape. At the same time, the color of the "mud" also rapidly changed, forming a layer of snow-white skin.
Finally, the mud transformed into a near-perfect headless female body!
The young girl's head slowly floated to the headless female body's neck, quickly fusing with it …
Her hair, which was hundreds of meters long, dragged on the ground like black silk. The girl's eyes, which were filled with demonic nature, flashed with a hint of gloominess. She used an ethereal and special voice to say, "In any case, let me finish what I want to say …"
…
…
Luo Zheng was still staring at the wall in a daze, tightly holding the transparent bead in his hand.
Logically speaking …
He didn't need to worry about Luo Yan's safety. Startail had told him that Luo Yan was under the protection of Yu Taibai. As the chief disciple of his father, Yu Taibai's strength was at the peak of the Divine Realm, only slightly weaker than those Saints. Yu Taibai wouldn't allow Luo Yan to fall into such a state.
But why did the young girl in the cauldron look exactly the same as Luo Yan?!
The image of the cauldron kept replaying in Luo Zheng's mind, unable to be erased. Although he denied his thoughts at first, he was still faintly worried. If that was really Luo Yan, what should he do?
"She's definitely not Luo Yan!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light, quickly cutting off this thought.
Once this thought emerged, it would grow crazily, constantly shaking Luo Zheng's state of mind. If this thought was allowed to grow, it would eventually evolve into his heart's devil, and the gains wouldn't make up for the losses!
At the last moment, that woman seemed to want to say something, but after her lips moved slightly, the soul in the transparent bead self-destructed. He didn't see the following scene.
Luo Zheng interpreted it with his lip-reading technique. He saw that she said the word "I". What did she want to tell him?
After standing blankly for a long time, Luo Zheng finally decided to put this matter to the back of his mind. At the same time, he stuffed the transparent bead back into the sumeru ring.
No matter how he thought about it, he couldn't come up with an answer. If he had enough strength in the future, he might explore that strange cave again. But at this stage, it was clearly not the time.
After dealing with the transparent bead, Luo Zheng took out the "mud" from the sumeru ring.
A piece of mud could only condense a trace of godhood crystal. He didn't know how many pieces of mud were needed to condense a complete godhood. But at this stage, this was the only method Luo Zheng could find. He had no other choice.

Chapter 1804
Under the urging of his inner world, Luo Zheng threw this piece of "mud" into his inner world once again.
Just like last time, Luo Zheng let this piece of "mud" fall freely.
When this piece of "mud" fell into the Chaotic Ocean, it started to bubble violently. Very soon, it turned into bits of brown mist above the ocean …
At the sight of this scene, Luo Zheng slightly raised the corner of his mouth. Indeed, the color of this piece of mud was slightly different from the one that Tie Lin had sold him. However, the effect was the same. Perhaps that piece of mud from Tie Clan had been stored for too long and had turned brown. However, these pieces of mud in Luo Zheng's hand were black.
Soon after, he threw the remaining pieces of "mud" into his inner world!
A large area of the ocean started to boil. Huge bubbles rapidly spread out as if the entire ocean was being boiled. The surface of the ocean was constantly rolling.
Not long after, a huge brown cloud formed above the ocean. This huge brown cloud first swallowed the small cloud formed by the piece of "mud" that Luo Zheng had thrown in before slowly drifting towards Luo Zheng's godlattice plate …
While the brown cloud was drifting, Luo Zheng also integrated his comprehension of the "Emotion Severing Divine Dao" into the cloud. Sharp sword lights started to faintly refract from the cloud, which slowly turned into a "sword cloud".
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Luo Zheng's godlattice plate was like a huge whirlpool, which gathered all the sword clouds into the godlattice plate. As the sword clouds shuttled back and forth in the godlattice plate, they gradually started to solidify. Finally, they turned into a triangular crystal, which was embedded in the center of the godlattice plate.
The previous crystal was only a tiny bit, which was the size of a fine needle. However, this triangular crystal was more than 10 times larger than the previous one.
The size of the "mud" thrown into his inner world also determined the size of the "cloud" formed. The larger the cloud, the larger the crystal that could be condensed. If there was enough "mud", Luo Zheng's condensing of a Godhead would be just around the corner.
When Luo Zheng escaped from that strange cave, he cut through the ceiling of the cave and saw another cave connected to it. Luo Zheng saw many black things crawling inside, but that cave was too dangerous.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he might not be able to return if he rashly entered again. This matter could only be discussed at length …
During this period of time in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, Luo Zheng also often listened to the preaching of those True Gods. The strength of these True Gods was not worth mentioning — a considerable portion of the True Gods were not born to fight. The purpose of these True Gods was only to explore the Divine Dao, so their fighting strength was rather limited.
However, the teaching true gods did have extraordinary understanding of the Divine Path. They often had very unique understandings of the Divine Path and could even translate it into simple and easy to understand language for these students.
Luo Zheng used the Infinity Ruler to obtain the acknowledgement of many Divine Daos. After absorbing the Dao of those Dao tablets, he relied on the Infinity Ruler to even release the power of those Divine Daos. However, his method was to swallow them all, and he himself did not understand those Divine Daos.
Now, Luo Zheng also benefited greatly from listening to the preaching of these True Gods every day. According to Luo Zheng's thinking, spending a year or so in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture was not a bad thing. At least he would be able to understand more about the Divine Realm and have a deeper understanding of the Divine Dao.
However, these days only lasted for a month.
A month later, people from the Han Family's main family came …
Every time the main family sent someone, it would shake the entire Six Ren Divine City.
The Heaven-Containing Prefecture included the disciples of various second and third tier clans. They all had high hopes for their own disciples, hoping that one day they would be chosen by the main family to enter the floating island.
However, entering the Heaven-Containing Prefecture was difficult, and entering the floating island was even more difficult.
Regardless of whether it was the Han Family or the other major clans' floating islands, they were all considered rare resources in the Divine Realm. Countless True Gods dreamed of squeezing into a floating island. Just like the Extreme Evil Old Man, who had been famous for a long time, he was also fascinated by the floating island.
Logically speaking, the main family of the Han Family should only come next year to select the most outstanding people in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture and send them to the floating island.
However, this time, the Han Family branch used their special privilege to recommend Luo Zheng to the Heaven-Containing Prefecture!
In history, the Han Family branch rarely used this special privilege. Most of the time, those who had the right to use this privilege to recommend were all extremely outstanding people. When this news spread, it naturally attracted countless envious looks. Just like the rumors from before, Luo Zheng's entry into the floating island was set in stone.
However, there were also those who were jealous. They cursed the Han Family branch for making the wrong choice. Who knew, they might end up making a big joke out of themselves …
In the Han Family's main pavilion, an old man wearing a golden-threaded robe sat boldly at the head of the table. His white mustache was curled up and down, and his expression was rather impatient.
"I remember that the 'Han Yang' you all recommended last time was really 'top quality.' I still remember his performance after he went to the floating island. I wonder how that kid is doing in your Han Family branch?" the old man asked in a mocking tone.
Today, in order to welcome this old man, all the important figures of the Han Family branch were gathered here.
When this old man brought up the old matter again and mentioned "Han Yang," everyone in the Han Family branch revealed an unnatural expression, especially Han Daozhi. His face was originally full of flattery, but when the old man said the two words "Han Yang," Han Daozhi's brows furrowed slightly. A hint of anger flashed in his eyes, but that anger was quickly covered up.
Han Yang was Han Daozhi's youngest son. As the son of the head of a Han Family branch, Han Yang wasn't tainted by the bad habits of the other members of the family. He worked very hard from a young age, and his talent was top notch. Even in the main family, he wouldn't lose out.
When Han Yang became a certified divinity expert, there were still thirteen years before the main family would take him in. So, after a discussion with the other branch members, Han Daozhi used a special recommendation right to recommend Han Yang to the floating island.
Who would've thought that Han Yang would be sent back after only three years on the floating island? By the time he returned, Han Yang had already gone insane.
It was said that after Han Yang went to the floating island, he was bullied by the other members of the Han branch. In the end, he couldn't take it anymore, and became like this.
Now, Han Yang was still being raised in the Han Family branch. With the Han Family's ability, raising a madman wasn't a burden. However, Han Yang had become an eternal pain in Han Daozhi's heart. Even though this old man's position was extraordinary, when he personally mentioned Han Yang, Han Daozhi couldn't help but feel a surge of anger.
"Yang 'er is still in our branch …" Han Daozhi said in a low voice, suppressing the anger in his heart.
The leaders of the other branches all knew of Han Yang's position in Han Daozhi's heart. Even if they didn't get along with Han Daozhi, they definitely wouldn't touch Han Yang. That would only infuriate him.
"Haha, that's good. I hope this time your branch won't recommend trash like Han Yang," the old man said with a laugh.
As soon as the old man finished speaking, Han Daozhi finally couldn't take it anymore. His face filled with grief and anger. "Han Yang isn't trash!"
This old man's position on the floating island wasn't bad, but as the head of the branch, Han Daozhi's position wasn't any lower than his. It was just that the old man held an important position on the floating island, so he had to suppress the branch.
Moreover, when the branch recommended geniuses to the floating island, they always had to go through the old man. As a result, everyone in the Han Family treated the old man with great respect. Although Han Daozhi's personality was a bit strange, he wasn't an exception. He always thought of ways to make the old man happy. Every time the old man came to the Han Family branch, he would naturally have a haughty attitude.
Unexpectedly, this time, Han Daozhi didn't give him any face at all. Not only did his face darken, but his tone was also very unfriendly.
Although the old man knew he'd misspoken, he still felt like he'd lost face. "That Han Yang's talent is average, his performance is average, but he's very arrogant. He couldn't stand the competition between the main branch's disciples. In the end, his mental state became chaotic and he lost his mind. Of course he's trash. What's there to argue about?"
"Back then, Han Yang was personally tested by you, Han Yaozhi. If he was trash, how could he have passed your test?" Han Daozhi said coldly. He was incomparably irritable right now. He even wanted to fight Han Yaozhi!

Chapter 1805
Han Yaozhi's words made the faces of the Han Family branch, including the Mansion Lord Han Meng, turn ugly.
The Han Family branch had a special recommendation right, and they treasured it greatly. They rarely used it, but when they did, it was guaranteed to be an extremely outstanding person.
Although Han Yaozhi was in charge of the test, he was just going through the motions every time he came to pick someone up. He wouldn't take it too seriously. After all, the Han Family branch wouldn't randomly recommend someone, or they'd be exposed the moment they stepped onto the floating island.
In all fairness, Han Daozhi's youngest son, Han Yang, wasn't a piece of trash. It was just that he'd encountered some major issues after stepping onto the floating island.
If Han Yaozhi really wanted to take the test seriously, then Luo Tianxing would have a hard time passing!
The Heaven Mansion's people were naturally nervous …
Seeing the faces of the Han Family branch, Han Yaozhi was immensely pleased. These old fogeys wanted to compete with him? They weren't qualified at all. He raised his voice and sneered, "Why isn't that brat here yet? He's been dragging on for too long. Don't blame this old man for not waiting!"
"He's here, he's here!"
A Heaven Mansion guard's voice rang out from outside the main pavilion.
Luo Zheng was then led into the main pavilion by two guards.
Luo Zheng was a little excited. His plan was going smoothly. After all, entering the floating island was a rather important step.
As soon as he entered, he felt that the atmosphere was a little strange.
The heads of the Han Family branch present, including Han Daozhi and Han Meng, all had gloomy expressions. Han Daozhi, in particular, was furious. He was the Han Family branch's head, an upper true god. Even in the entire divine realm, he was an existence that couldn't be ignored. What could have happened to make him so emotional?
Han Yaozhi glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng, then said in a strange voice, "And here I thought you were going to recommend some precious person. It turns out you're going to shove a piece of trash onto the floating island!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly. His eyes flashed with a trace of undetectable coldness. Han Yaozhi sat at the head of the main pavilion with a dignified and arrogant expression. Luo Zheng could tell at a glance that this person was the key person who brought him to the floating island.
He didn't expect the old man's words to be so unpleasant, calling him a piece of trash.
The Han Family branch didn't say anything, and Luo Zheng didn't act out either. However, the flame of excitement in his heart was instantly extinguished, and his face became a bit colder.
"Ahem, ahem." Han Meng couldn't help but cough. Although Han Yao Zhi and Han Dao Zhi had some disagreements, they still had to look at the big picture. "This Luo Tianxing was recognized by hundreds of Dao steles during the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination. He is no small matter. That's why we made an exception and recommended him to the main family. He's definitely not trash."
A strange light flashed in Han Yaozhi's eyes. Although he was surprised in his heart, he snorted and said, "Being recognized by hundreds of Dao tablets is just a good plasticity. Moreover, biting off more than one can chew! True geniuses with a bright future only need to cultivate one Divine Dao to achieve great things! "
In order to attack Luo Tianxing, Han Yaozhi made these words absolute. In reality, many True Gods didn't cultivate just one Divine Dao. Sometimes, several Divine Daos could be used together to unleash even greater power. However, his words were somewhat reasonable. Being recognized by hundreds of Dao tablets was indeed shocking. Luo Zheng had even used the Infinite Ruler to grasp the Dao of those Divine Daos, but in essence, it didn't increase Luo Zheng's strength by much.
When facing a strong enemy, Luo Zheng still had to rely on the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao.
Han Meng didn't argue with Han Yaozhi. He understood that Luo Zheng's monstrous talent wasn't just being recognized by the Dao tablets. This little guy with mysterious origins hadn't revealed many tricks. He was like an iceberg, his true strength hidden beneath the surface of the sea.
"Whether or not Luo Tianxing has the ability to enter the floating island depends on you." Han Meng smiled faintly, appearing very confident.
Seeing Han Meng's expression, Han Yaozhi became even more displeased. In his heart, he made up his mind to make things difficult for the Han Family branch.
As for Luo Zheng, seeing this development, he felt somewhat depressed. He didn't know what kind of dispute the Han Family branch had with that old man. In the end, the unlucky one would be him!
"Good! Then let me see what this little guy is capable of! " Han Yaozhi laughed loudly. Suddenly, he took a deep breath, and a powerful aura erupted, reverberating throughout the entire main pavilion!
That aura contained the Dao of the Five Elements Divine Daos. Han Yaozhi had clearly activated his Divine Dao.
The branch masters' expressions became even more unsightly. Han Yaozhi was a grand upper True God, yet he needed to activate his Divine Dao to test a Divine Dao?
Previously, Han Daozhi had wanted to test Luo Zheng, but he'd only relied on his strength to play with Luo Zheng. Unexpectedly, he'd been thrown out by Luo Zheng. However, Han Daozhi wasn't angry at all. A grand upper True God should have some bearing.
Han Yaozhi was going all out. Could it be that he wanted to kill someone?
Everyone cursed in their hearts, but they didn't dare to say anything. They knew that if they interfered now, it would only add fuel to the fire!
"What is that old man trying to do? A grand upper True God using the Five Elements Divine Dao to suppress you? Luo Zheng, you'd better run … "The Extreme Evil Old Man was also dumbfounded. The Extreme Evil Old Man cultivated the Extreme Evil Dao, so he didn't differentiate between good and evil. However, this was the first time he'd seen such a shameless old man …
"Who knows?" Luo Zheng was filled with depression. Although he was extremely displeased, he still focused 120% on dealing with this old man. After all, this was a chance to enter the floating island. Luo Zheng didn't want to be negligent. Perhaps the old man had other intentions?
"Little fellow, I, Han Yaozhi, have been immersed in the Five Elements Divine Dao for 12 Divine Eras. I already have my own understanding of it. I'll use the Five Elements Divine Dao to create the Five Elements Illusory Destruction. If you can last for half an hour, I'll consider you a pass!" Han Yaozhi laughed coldly. He didn't have any ill feelings towards Luo Zheng. However, since he wanted to suppress the Han Family, he wouldn't show any mercy!
As soon as he finished speaking, the Dao in the main pavilion started to shrink, turning into the power of the five laws of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. They quickly condensed around Luo Zheng …
This "Five Elements Illusory Destruction" was an ability that Han Yaozhi had comprehended from the Five Elements Divine Dao.
With the power of the five elements, it was actually enough to construct a world. However, it wasn't complete to construct a world purely with the power of the five elements. Instead, it contained the power of the five elements and formed a slightly incomplete world of disillusionment. It was quite innovative in this Dao!
Very quickly, the Dao continued to evolve, turning into a brilliant world. However, this world was only a few feet wide, and it enveloped Luo Zheng within!
"Huala …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have entered an illusory world. Everything around him disappeared, and he fell into a world formed from the power of the five elements. The ground beneath his feet, the golden light in the sky, the trees in the distance, and the tsunami in the distance. Clouds of fire interweaved to form a wonderful world.
However, this world was rapidly collapsing, becoming illusory …
Under the illusory destruction, the power of the five elements collided and exploded, attacking Luo Zheng at the same time!
Luo Zheng raised his eyes slightly. The attack of an upper True God was indeed extraordinary. The energy released by the interweaving power of the five elements was extremely complex. This kind of energy was completely opposite to the energy contained in the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
After condensing the power of the five elements, the Divine Essencefused Mountain became extremely heterogeneous. Therefore, it was also very stable.
However, this Han Yaozhi worked in the opposite direction, using two opposing forces to destroy each other, erupting with extremely unstable illusory destruction energy. Because of this instability, its power could be multiplied several times!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was enveloped by the illusory destruction energy.
Sharp golden light crazily cut Luo Zheng's body. Raging flames burned fiercely, roasting Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng could still endure the power of these laws, but when the illusory destruction energy erupted, Luo Zheng felt a great threat!
"Rumble, rumble …"
The illusory destruction energy easily pierced through the concentric robes and acted on Luo Zheng's body. Even though Luo Zheng's body was as tough as steel, the illusory destruction energy still tore open wounds on his body!
Han Yaozhi still had a cold smile on his face. "If you can't block it, remember not to force yourself. If you can't go to the floating island, there will be other chances in the future. Dying here is too much of a pity!"
Han Meng and Han Daozhi both stared coldly at Han Yaozhi!
The people of the Han Family branch all sighed in their hearts. A Proof of Divinity cultivator was blocking the self-created divine ability of an upper True God. This Han Yaozhi was truly too shameless.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1806
In truth, Han Yaozhi hadn't used his full strength either.
If the full strength of an upper True God erupted, half of Six Ren Divine City would be destroyed.
Even so, it was very unfair to Luo Zheng. The Five Elements Vanishing Technique Han Yaozhi was using wasn't suitable for the Proof of Divinity test.
Han Meng couldn't bear to watch any longer. "Luo Tianxing, this test is designed to make things difficult for people. Just give up! Next year, the main family will send someone else. I'm sure you'll be able to enter the floating island! "
Han Yaozhi was the one who recommended the candidates to the floating island. Because it was only for one person, the test wasn't very serious. It was completely based on Han Yaozhi's preferences. However, the main family's selection next year would be different. They would have to go through a strict selection process before they could enter the floating island.
Han Meng was also clear that no matter how strict the main family's selection process was, it would still be much easier than Han Yaozhi's method. If Han Yaozhi wanted to make things difficult for Luo Zheng, there was no way he could pass his test. Enduring the Five Elements Vanishing Technique for five minutes? Only someone as shameless as Han Yaozhi could think of such a thing!
Han Daozhi had already decided that if he had the chance to visit the floating island in the future, he would definitely ask the main family about Han Yaozhi's method.
Luo Zheng didn't listen to Han Meng's advice. He didn't want to waste this hard-won opportunity. He wanted to try this challenge for five minutes.
Whoosh whoosh …
The sound of the earth cracking, metal clashing, flames burning … all of these sounds echoed in Luo Zheng's ears.
That Vanishing Technique was truly powerful!
Luo Zheng could sense that Han Yaozhi was holding back. However, an Upper True God's level of comprehension was much higher than his. Even though the Vanishing Technique wasn't fierce, it was still as sharp as a knife, easily cutting through Luo Zheng's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also used several methods in an attempt to avoid the power of disillusionment. For example, he used "Eight Paths of Flying Smoke". However, he was unable to avoid it at all. This kind of movement technique was very effective against martial artists who had proven themselves to be gods, and even against some lower true gods. However, against an upper true god, it could not help but be reduced to an insignificant skill …
Luo Zheng could only grit his teeth and endure!
Although Han Yaozhi's expression was cold, he was actually quite surprised.
In the beginning, he didn't plan on using the power of 'disillusionment'. In his opinion, just the power of the five elements was enough. But in the blink of an eye, he understood that the power of the five elements alone wouldn't be able to harm Luo Zheng in the slightest. Thus, he decisively used the power of the five elements to mutually destroy each other!
He originally thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to hold on for more than two or three breaths, and would definitely beg for mercy and give up. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be able to hold on for so long, which was really beyond his expectations.
In these ten breaths of time, that brat had not been injured at all. How could a martial artist who had proven divinity cultivate such a monstrous body?
Han Yaozhi was also hesitating whether or not he should use more of his' Shi '.
However, he still had some self-awareness. As an upper True God, investing more than 10% of his strength in the examination of a Proof of Divinity martial artist was already very excessive. If he strengthened this "Five Elements Vanish" even more, it would not be good for his reputation in the future …
"An incense stick's worth of time. I don't think you'll be able to hold on," Han Yaozhi thought to himself.
The more the power of the five elements intertwined, the more the power of disillusionment would appear. If he wanted to resist this power, the more difficult it would be!
Right now, Luo Zheng was indeed in a very difficult situation. Under the constant erosion of the power of disillusionment, more and more cracks were appearing on Luo Zheng's body. Even if he really could hold on, his body would suffer great damage.
Luo Zheng was also conflicted. Han Yaozhi had already given him another path. If worst came to worst, he could give up now or wait until next year. A year later would not affect the situation.
But when he thought of Han Yaozhi's expression, Luo Zheng once again clenched his teeth!
"Pu!"
Several strands of the power of disillusionment cut towards Luo Zheng's legs. This power directly passed through the concentric robe, cutting into the sides of his legs. Golden blood spurted out.
When Luo Zheng's golden blood flowed out, it attracted the attention of some members of the Han Family. But the golden bloodline was not particularly rare in the Realm of the Gods. Everyone only felt that it was strange and did not take it to heart.
"Give up, little guy." Han Yaozhi smiled faintly. "The power of disillusionment is not something you can resist. If it enters your head and damages your soul, you will lose more than you gain."
Faced with Han Yaozhi's warning, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. He still stood in place, unmoving!
Old Man Evil sighed in his mind. He deeply felt how terrifying this kid was. Once he decided on something, no matter who tried to dissuade him, it was useless. For example, Han Meng had advised him out of good intentions, while Han Yaozhi had advised him with a mocking tone. But no matter what, Luo Zheng simply turned a deaf ear to it!
While Luo Zheng allowed the power of disillusionment to cut his body, he began to pay attention to the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind.
The Immeasurable Ruler could only be activated by using Dao Accumulation. Other than that, it floated quietly in his mind. It looked ordinary on the outside, almost as if it did not exist.
The Five Elements Divine Dao had already been recorded by the Immeasurable Ruler. Luo Zheng could easily use one or two of the Five Elements Divine Dao's Divine Dao's Divine Dao. However, the "Five Elements Disillusionment" that Han Yaozhi used was a Divine Dao that he had comprehended himself. It was similar to Sage Jiu's Ice Soul Devil Flame. Even the true Dao tablet of the Five Elements Divine Dao did not have this Divine Dao's Five Elements Disillusionment.
Would the Immeasurable Ruler be able to absorb this Divine Dao?
A bold idea welled up in his mind. Should he allow a portion of the Dao Accumulation to rush into his mind for the Immeasurable Ruler to absorb?
When facing the Dao tablet, Luo Zheng could bear the Dao Accumulation on it.
After all, the Dao tablet was an ownerless object. The Dao Accumulation within it was naturally emitted. Han Yaozhi was not a Dao tablet that could not think. Doing this was extremely risky!
Luo Zheng did not have much time to think, and he did not intend to think too much. The moment he made his decision, Luo Zheng began to draw the Dao Accumulation into his mind.
Any Divine Dao's Divine Dao's Divine Dao's Divine Dao would emit an invisible Dao Accumulation, and the Disillusionment Force was no exception! Luo Zheng drew the Dao Accumulation into his mind, so he naturally had to bear a considerable risk. After all, the mind and Dantian were Luo Zheng's two vital points.
Seeing that Luo Zheng suddenly gave up protecting his head and even tried to take the initiative to approach the Disillusionment Force, Han Yaozhi was dumbfounded. He had just warned Luo Zheng to be careful not to damage his soul. This guy was going to use his head to resist? He had seen people who did not care about their lives, but he had never seen someone who did not care about his life like this. He even suspected that Luo Zheng was provoking him.
The others in the main pavilion also looked at each other. They had no idea what Luo Zheng was doing. He was simply courting death!
The Five Elements' Divine Dao collided continuously. Every time two conflicting Divine Dao collided, a Disillusionment Force would erupt. This Disillusionment Force was like an invisible sharp knife, hovering around Luo Zheng. If Han Yaozhi deliberately controlled this Disillusionment Force, Luo Zheng naturally would not be able to resist at all.
However, Han Yaozhi did not treat Luo Zheng as a real opponent. He only used the Five Elements Disillusionment Force to test Luo Zheng. This gave Luo Zheng a sliver of a chance!
Luo Zheng carefully drew the Dao Accumulation from the Disillusionment Force into his mind. The Dao Accumulation was too strong, and the Evil Old Man's soul had already hidden away. Luo Zheng also hid his soul in the depths of his mind. It would not be fun to lose one's soul if he was not careful.
However, the Immeasurable Ruler was still floating quietly in his mind, showing no reaction …
"Did I guess wrong? Or did I not accumulate enough Dao Accumulation? "
Even though he was taking such a big risk, the Immeasurable Ruler still did not move. Luo Zheng was very anxious.
"Puff!"
At this time, a Disillusionment Force cut between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. Although this Disillusionment Force did not cut open Luo Zheng's skull, it left a terrible wound on his face. Blood immediately flowed down his face!
Cries of alarm came from the main pavilion!
Even Han Yaozhi felt a little embarrassed. He did not intend to let Luo Zheng pass his test, but if he really did let this brat die in his hands, things would become troublesome. Although Luo Zheng asked for it, he could not justify it.
"Stop, Han Yaozhi," Han Daozhi said with a gloomy face. At the same time, he slowly released the Dao Accumulation in his body. He could not watch Luo Zheng die in the Heaven-containing Mansion without doing anything. Although he could not persuade Luo Zheng to give up, he could stop Han Yaozhi. Besides, he had long wanted to fight Han Yaozhi.
"It's that brat himself …."
Han Yaozhi was helpless. When he saw that Han Daozhi was getting serious, he could only hurriedly explain. He and Han Daozhi were both upper true gods, but in terms of absolute strength, Han Daozhi was much stronger than him. Now that Han Daozhi was about to attack him, he naturally did not want to lose out.
"No matter what the reason is, stop." There was no hesitation in Han Daozhi's eyes. It seemed that if Han Yaozhi did not stop, he would immediately attack!
Two upper true gods of the Han Clan fighting in the Heaven-containing Mansion was probably a big deal. Han Meng and the others all tried to calm them down.

Chapter 1807
Han Meng raised an eyebrow. "It's those eyes again!"
The key to Luo Zheng's quick acceptance by the dao steles in the Divine Inquiry Palace should be his eyes!
At the time, some people had thought that Luo Zheng possessed the Fire God's Eyes.
Han Daozhi hadn't been there in person, but he'd heard of Luo Zheng's golden eyes. Now that he'd seen them in person, he was truly amazed.
Han Yaozhi's face was also full of surprise. He didn't know how this kid would struggle against his Five Elements Vanishing with those golden eyes.
The scale of the Five Elements Divine Dao in the Infinite Ruler blossomed with intense golden light!
The dao that poured into Luo Zheng's mind gathered on that scale once more!
The dao that the Infinite Ruler absorbed wasn't the original Five Elements Divine Dao, but the dao of the Five Elements Vanishing that Han Yaozhi had comprehended on his own. As the Infinite Ruler absorbed the dao, a clear current seemed to flow into Luo Zheng's mind as well.
"In the nature of heaven and earth, many prevail over few. Therefore, water prevails over fire. Essence prevails over firmness. Therefore, fire prevails over metal. Hardness prevails over softness. Therefore, metal prevails over wood … "
In that moment, Luo Zheng actually understood Han Yaozhi's Five Elements Vanishing through the Infinite Ruler!
"Since the Five Elements Vanishing is based on two opposing forces, I can use two opposing forces to create perfection. That way, I can break through it!"
It was clearly unrealistic for Luo Zheng to break through an upper true god's combat art.
However, although Han Yaozhi had used his unique technique, he hadn't used his full strength, giving Luo Zheng a sliver of a chance!
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly swayed, and chaotic Qi rapidly circulated in his inner world. The chaotic Qi immediately turned into the power of the five elements, metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, and surged out of Luo Zheng's body like five rivers.
"Five Elements Divine Dao?" One of the branch heads frowned.
"He's using the Five Elements Divine Dao, but what is he trying to do?" Another branch head stared intently at Luo Zheng.
The Five Elements Divine Dao was the most common divine dao in the divine realm. Countless people cultivated it. For Han Yaozhi to have his own understanding of the Five Elements Divine Dao, he was undoubtedly a grandmaster. Luo Zheng's use of the Five Elements Divine Dao was the same as showing off in front of an expert.
"Luo Zheng intends to use the Five Elements Divine Dao to break … Five Elements Vanishing? Isn't his train of thought? " Han Meng's eyes were also filled with confusion. If he couldn't see through the foundation of the Five Elemental Destruction, not only would his Five Elemental Divine Dao be unable to break through the Five Elemental Destruction, it would instead be used by Han Yaozhi. After all, Luo Zheng's Five Elemental Divine Dao was also a pair of opposites. Han Yaozhi could easily disrupt it and turn it into the Five Elemental Destruction!
"Not necessarily." Han Daozhi shook his head. In his eyes, Luo Zheng's strength might not be worth mentioning, but he definitely wasn't so stupid. There had to be a reason for him to use the Five Elements Divine Dao. He just didn't know if this reason could reverse his situation.
Han Yaozhi's face was slightly startled, then he sneered, "Ha, is this brat courting death?"
In front of everyone's eyes, Luo Zheng waved his hands, and the power of the five elements surged out. Just based on his control of the Five Elements Divine Dao, Luo Zheng had far surpassed the Proof Divinity experts who mainly cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao!
After all, the power of the five elements was constructed from chaos energy, but in terms of power, it wasn't any weaker than the power of a True Divinity condensed from godhood!
"The Five Elements Vanishing are opposites. That's why such a powerful Vanishing force can be formed. If I hadn't used the Five Elements Divine Dao, I wouldn't have been able to create such a powerful Vanishing force …"
"Hualala …"
Behind Luo Zheng, a water dragon spiraled and rushed towards a golden fire bird. This was the moment of fire and water, and under the suppression of each other, the power of Vanishing was produced!
"Go!"
Luo Zheng flicked his hands, and a golden light suddenly appeared in his left hand, and a faint shadow of a giant tree appeared in his right hand!
Before the water dragon and fire bird restrained each other, Luo Zheng released the power of metal and the power of wood in advance. Metal and water coexisted, wood and fire coexisted.
Under the fusion of these powers, the foundation of the Five Elements Divine Dao changed from Vanishing to Perfection, and they canceled each other out!
"Success!"
Luo Zheng smiled, and his hands didn't stop moving. He immediately entered a state of concentration.
As long as there were two opposing forces of the Five Elements in this area, Luo Zheng would display the corresponding force of the Five Elements, so that the two forces would coexist with each other …
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that in the main pavilion of Heaven Containing Mansion, there was already silence.
The middle-level true gods and upper true gods present all stared at this scene in amazement!
Although Luo Zheng didn't cancel out all of the power of Vanishing, he still managed to cancel out 90% of it. The remaining layer of power of Vanishing didn't pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng. This was equivalent to Luo Zheng unraveling the Five Elements Divine Dao that Han Yaozhi had comprehended!
Han Yaozhi's true strength was much weaker than Han Daozhi's, but he was still an upper True God, and the Five Elements Divine Dao he comprehended was rather famous in the Realm of the Gods. There were many True Gods who cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao who wished to cultivate this Divine Dao, but Han Yaozhi had never taught it to a second person, not even his own descendants!
But now, Luo Zheng had actually seen through the Five Elements Vanishing, and at the same time used an extremely simple and crude method to break through the Five Elements Vanishing …
"Hehe, hehe …"
A silly smile finally appeared on Han Daozhi's gloomy old face.
Han Meng and the others stared fixedly at Luo Zheng, a myriad of thoughts running through their minds. For Luo Zheng to be able to do this, there was only one explanation, and that was that he had comprehended the Five Elements Vanishing.
But this Five Elements Vanishing was not like those Dao tablets!
The Dao on the Dao Stele was open for people to observe and comprehend!
But the Dao in the Five Elements Vanishing was sealed. Besides Han Yaozhi himself, no one else could see through the mechanism within …
Let alone Proving Divinity martial artists, even Han Meng and Han Daozhi couldn't do this. Han Meng even suspected that even a Saint wouldn't be able to decipher the complete Dao in the Five Elements Vanishing in such a short time.
But this sort of unreasonable thing still happened in the end.
Han Meng naturally didn't know that the Infinite Ruler was an unreasonable treasure when it came to deciphering Dao.
Any Dao that was absorbed by this jade ruler would be recorded by the Infinite Ruler, and at the same time transformed into a small scale on the Infinite Ruler. Any Dao held no secrets in front of the Infinite Ruler, and could be easily broken through by the Infinite Ruler …
Han Yaozhi stood there in a daze, as if he couldn't recover from his daze.
He was the one who created the Five Elements Vanishing, so he was well aware of the intricacies within. This Five Elements Vanishing was a unique technique that he, Han Yaozhi, could only use in the entire Divine Realm.
Because he spent most of his time on the floating island, Han Yaozhi rarely fought with others, and in these past few years, no one had been able to break through the Five Elements Vanishing. But that didn't mean that the Five Elements Vanishing was an invincible divine ability. There were many divine abilities more powerful than the Five Elements Vanishing, and there were even more upper True Divinities that could defeat Han Yaozhi. But there wasn't a single person that could break through this divine ability!
"This brat actually understood the Dao of the Five Elements Vanishing! Just how did he do it … Those who break through my Dao cannot be allowed to live! "
Among upper True Divinities, Han Yaozhi wasn't considered a powerhouse. Not to mention the Divine Realm, he wasn't even ranked in Han Jia.
The more he was like this, the more he cherished his wings. The Five Elements Vanishing was his proudest creation. He didn't care how Luo Zheng had broken through the Dao, but he absolutely couldn't tolerate Luo Zheng doing it!
Once evil thoughts arose, it was hard to suppress them!
At this moment, all the living beings in Han Yaozhi's inner world were silently offering up their power of faith. That power of faith interweaved into thin threads that gathered in his godhead. The 'force' that Han Yaozhi had used before could be said to be negligible, but now that he had activated his killing intent, it was naturally different.
It was simply too easy for an upper True Divinity to kill Luo Zheng.
At the instant that aura surged out, Luo Zheng had already noticed that something was off …
In this illusory space, the power of the Five Elements revolving around him had undergone a fundamental change.
If Luo Zheng had been facing a small snake before, then now he was facing an enormous dragon that could cover the sky. There was no need for the Five Elements Vanishing. Just the power of the Five Elements Vanishing was enough to crush Luo Zheng to smithereens. This was the power of an upper True Divinity!
"This …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He hadn't expected Han Yaozhi to be so serious!

Chapter 1808
Luo Zheng didn't need Old Man Evil's reminder.
Although he was well aware of the situation, he didn't have the means to fight Han Yaozhi. He could only place his hopes on the Han Family branch.
He was betting that the Han Family branch would take action. He was betting that they wouldn't watch him die at Han Yaozhi's hands.
In the Great Evolution Universe, Luo Zheng rarely faced this kind of risk. Back then, Luo Zheng wouldn't place his hopes on others, because if he miscalculated, he'd die.
However, this was the divine realm, and Luo Zheng was a second-class lifeform unfamiliar with this place. There were some risks he had to take.
As the Five Elements power surged around him, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a violent collision, followed by a muffled groan.
The illusionary realm around him had completely disappeared …
A relieved smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Not far away, Han Daozhi clenched his fists, his face filled with rage. Meanwhile, Han Yaozhi was clutching his chest, his entire body slumped against a wall. He coughed nonstop, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth.
No one saw how Han Daozhi had attacked. He'd moved as fast as he could.
"Han Daozhi, you dare attack this old man?!" Han Yaozhi spat.
Han Daozhi smiled sinisterly. "Why wouldn't I dare? You and I might be of the same generation, but I'm still the head of a branch family. Come to think of it … You're nothing more than a mere support on the floating island. Even if I killed you, the main family wouldn't do anything to me, let alone beat you up! "
"You!" Han Yaozhi was both frightened and furious.
Although Han Yaozhi was a member of the main family and an upper true god, his innate talent was mediocre. His strength was average among upper true gods, so he wasn't given an important position in the main family.
His' support 'position was actually just an idle job. However, due to his seniority and cultivation, everyone treated him with great respect. In truth, his position was far inferior to Han Daozhi's.
Though Han Daozhi had an eccentric personality and often joked around with the younger generation, he was still the patriarch of a branch family and was highly valued by the main family. Over the years, the main family had wanted to transfer him to an important position on the floating island, but he'd refused every time they brought it up.
Even if Han Daozhi did kill Han Yaozhi, the main family would punish him, but they wouldn't punish him too severely. Besides, Han Daozhi was in the right. After all, Han Yaozhi was the one who had been recommended by the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. Just because he had comprehended Han Yaozhi's Five Elements Vanish Divine Art, Han Yaozhi wanted to silence him.
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the main pavilion and didn't say anything. This old man had almost killed him just now, so he naturally didn't have a good impression of him.
As for the other branch leaders of the Han Family, they might have been scheming against each other and fighting for the benefits of their own branch, but when they saw Han Daozhi teach Han Yaozhi a lesson, they were all delighted!
"This person … I refuse to bring him to the floating island!" Han Yaozhi spat. "When the main family comes next year, I'll definitely go with them. As long as I'm here, this kid can forget about going to the floating island!"
Han Daozhi shrugged. "Do as you wish!" He then turned to Luo Tianxing. "There's no shortage of people like him who can't find a place to belong. Let alone the Han Family, the Jiang Family, the Mu Family, the Li Family … Which one of the major clans on the floating island wouldn't want him? If you wish to ruin the main family's order, then do as you please! When Luo Tianxing is in the limelight one day, I'll naturally go to the main family and humiliate you! "
Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Han Daozhi's words.
The others in the main pavilion agreed. As they saw it, Luo Zheng's performance couldn't even be described as stunning. He'd seen through and comprehended a divine art in less than an incense stick's worth of time. His talent was frightening enough.
Even if they didn't know where he came from, which major clan wouldn't fight to have him?
Han Daozhi's words were actually meant to rope in Luo Zheng. He knew Luo Zheng wasn't an ordinary genius. People like him should either be killed in their infancy or have a good relationship with him. As the head of a branch of the Han Family, Han Daozhi had the awareness and responsibility to do so.
After holding back for a long time, Han Yaozhi glared fiercely at Han Daozhi and snorted. "Just you wait!"
With that, he floated into the air and prepared to leave the Heaven-Containing Prefecture.
But before he could leave, a purple shadow floated over from the horizon. It was a huge purple flower.
It emitted brilliant lights and vibrant colors, dazzling to the eye.
The purple flower floated above the Heaven-Containing Prefecture and stopped there. One of its petals gently fell off, and a woman floated down from it.
She wore a purple muslin robe, her sleeves fluttering in the wind. She looked graceful and elegant.
Before long, the woman stood firmly in the main pavilion with a gentle smile on her face. She glanced at Han Yaozhi in the air, then back at Han Daozhi. "We're all family. Why are you fighting?"
"Han Meng also came today." Han Daozhi didn't answer her question. He merely cupped his hands calmly.
Han Meng smiled faintly. "What? Am I not welcome? "
"We're honored by your presence, Fairy Han Meng. How could we not welcome you?" Han Daozhi smiled.
In truth, Han Daozhi didn't welcome Han Meng's arrival because she was a disciple of Aunt Han Jiu.
After the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination, Luo Zheng had displayed astonishing talent and been acknowledged by the Purple Cloud Divine Dao's dao stele. The six branches of the Han Family had secretly sent people to the floating island to notify Aunt Han Jiu.
Han Daozhi had rushed ahead, wanting to recommend Luo Zheng to the floating island first. Thus, he'd invited Han Yaozhi.
However, he hadn't expected that Han Yaozhi and Aunt Han Jiu would act so quickly. Han Yaozhi hadn't left yet, but Han Meng had already arrived.
Previously, he hadn't wanted Luo Zheng to be taken away by Aunt Han Jiu. That way, the merit of the recommendation would have nothing to do with his branch.
But now that he'd gotten into such a big conflict with Han Yaozhi, it seemed impossible to send Luo Zheng to the floating island through normal channels. Why not go with the flow and sell Aunt Han Jiu a favor?
All kinds of thoughts intertwined, and Han Daozhi's smile grew even wider.
"I've come this time for a little fellow called Luo Tianxing. After Aunt Han Jiu heard about him, she wanted to bring him to the floating island." Han Meng went straight to the point. Her phoenix eyes had already landed on Luo Zheng.
The people standing in the main pavilion were all branch heads of the Han Family. Practically all of them were middle true gods. Only Luo Zheng was a Proof of Divinity cultivator. With Han Yaozhi here, she guessed that this young man was most likely Luo Tianxing.
Han Yaozhi had just personally cut off Luo Zheng's hopes of entering the floating island. Now that Aunt Han Jiu had sent people to bring Luo Zheng to the floating island, it was inevitable that it would be somewhat ironic.
Han Daozhi smiled and said, "Aunt Han Jiu's eyes aren't bad. This person is indeed a rare genius. Even among the disciples of the main family on the floating island, it's hard to find someone like him."
Hearing Han Daozhi's words, Han Meng felt that it was a bit far-fetched.
The Heaven-containing Palace was usually very wary of Aunt Han Jiu. Why was Han Daozhi so cooperative today, as if he'd eaten the wrong medicine?
Han Meng lowered her head and sighed softly. The only thing she could do now was to hand Luo Tianxing over to Aunt Han Jiu.
Han Yaozhi, who'd been planning on leaving, suddenly spoke up. "Aunt Han Jiu has always been a disciple who can only cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Dao. This kid doesn't have an Extreme Purple Yin Body, so how could he have caught her eye? How ridiculous!"
Of course, Han Yaozhi knew that Luo Zheng had been acknowledged by hundreds of dao steles, but he hadn't expected that there would also be dao steles of the purple qi divine dao among them. He'd never heard of someone who didn't possess the Extreme Amethyst Yin Physique but could cultivate the purple qi divine dao.
Han Daozhi laughed. "Luo Tianxing, why don't you show some frogs at the bottom of a well?"
Luo Zheng was quite cooperative. As soon as Han Daozhi finished speaking, Luo Zheng waved his hand lightly, and a wisp of purple energy shot into the sky.
The purple energy transformed into a phoenix that circled around the Heaven-containing Palace, then obediently landed on Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"Purple Qi! He's already so proficient in it, but he still hasn't condensed a godhead. What a strange little fellow. "Han Meng looked at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze. Luo Zheng didn't have an Extreme Purple Yin Body, so the fact that he could cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Dao was already very ridiculous.
She found it even more difficult to understand why he couldn't condense a godhead even after controlling it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1809
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't explain the problem of godhood to Han Meng.
If he walked the path of cultivation, condensing godhood would be easy.
He could choose any type of Divine Dao and condense the Dao he comprehended into godhood.
However, cultivating the Secret Primal Chaos Arts was extremely difficult.
He'd taken a huge risk to obtain that strange mud, but he'd only managed to condense a small portion of it. He didn't know when he'd be able to find more of it again, so Luo Zheng was very anxious.
Han Yaozhi saw Luo Zheng casually use the Purple Cloud Divine Dao and didn't know what to feel. He didn't say anything else, only coldly glaring at Luo Zheng. He wanted to firmly remember this youth's appearance, then turned and shot into the sky.
Han Meng saw Han Yaozhi angrily leave and smiled, then asked Han Daozhi, "You must have some conflict with him, otherwise your Heaven-Containing Manor wouldn't have let him come so easily."
Han Daozhi shook his head, "Don't mention it. Fairy Han Meng came all the way to the branch family, so we naturally have to treat her well …"
"That's only a small matter," Han Meng focused all of her attention on Luo Zheng.
She lightly walked over and looked Luo Zheng up and down, then continued, "Among Master's disciples, 99% are women, with only two or three men. I didn't think I'd have another junior brother this time."
Luo Zheng raised an eyebrow. Master?
Although he wanted to enter the floating island, he didn't have any plans of becoming a disciple. He already had a master.
Han Meng's observation of the situation was extremely meticulous. "What? You don't want to? "
Aunt Han Jiu was a famous "Secondary Sage" in the Divine Realm. Her position on the floating island was second only to the Han Family's Saint Emperor. Moreover, she planned on establishing her own floating island! Being accepted as a disciple by Aunt Han Jiu was definitely a shortcut for many True Gods.
Han Meng naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't have much interest in becoming a disciple.
At his current stage, even if Gu Bei personally came, he wouldn't be able to teach Luo Zheng anything. He could only rely on himself to figure things out, not to mention Aunt Han Jiu cultivated the Purple Cloud Divine Dao.
"No, I already have a master," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
Hearing this, Han Meng smiled.
Admittedly, Luo Zheng's innate talent was extraordinary, but he was still a martial artist struggling to prove divinity in a small divine city. How could his master compare to Secondary Sage Han Jiu?
But from Han Meng's point of view, this little fellow's persistence could be considered a kind of virtue.
Han Meng immediately explained, "Becoming Master's disciple doesn't necessarily mean that you'll be accepted as a disciple. Becoming Master's disciple isn't that easy. When the time comes, whether or not Master will accept you is another matter altogether." She believed that Luo Zheng would eventually understand his own path after entering the floating island. As long as Luo Tianxing wasn't stupid, he would eventually make the right choice.
Since Han Meng had given such a promise, Luo Zheng didn't pursue the matter any further. He would first enter the floating island.
Han Meng stayed in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture for two days. Naturally, the prefecture treated her well.
This time, Han Daozhi very generously offered Luo Zheng to Aunt Han Jiu. He and Han Meng seemed to have reached some kind of agreement. As for what it was, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, the Han Family's branch had suffered a loss in the open, so they had to find a way to earn back some of it.
Two days later, Luo Zheng packed up and left Six Ren Divine City with Aunt Han Jiu.
Luo Zheng had only stayed in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture for a few short months before entering the floating island. When news of this spread, the name "Luo Tianxing" became the focal point of Six Ren Divine City. However, when people discussed his identity, it seemed that they were still shrouded in mystery.
The Han Family's branch understood that Luo Zheng's background couldn't be investigated, so they simply helped Luo Zheng forge a more detailed identity. This way, no matter how others investigated, the Han Family and Luo Zheng would be able to justify themselves. Thus, the issue of where he came from before entering the floating island was completely resolved. It could be said that they had helped Luo Zheng clear his identity as a "stowaway".
…
…
After Luo Zheng was invited onto the purple treasure flower by Han Meng, they set off for the sea of time …
This purple treasure flower was a spatial treasure created by Han Meng using the Purple Cloud Divine Dao. It contained a huge amount of space and could be considered a world. However, it was still very far from the level of the Purple Sky Decimating Earth.
Within this treasure flower, Luo Zheng couldn't see the outside world. He could only feel the treasure flower shuttling through at an extremely fast speed.
After entering the treasure flower, Han Meng rarely showed herself. In this empty world, Luo Zheng was bored to death.
Pure cultivation was already useless to Luo Zheng's cultivation. He had already reached the limit of a Proof of Divinity cultivator. All that was left was to condense his Godhead. However, the Godhead was his greatest bottleneck …
During this time, Luo Zheng repeatedly practiced the Divine Daos in the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind. There were many types of Divine Daos, each with their own unique characteristics. Under certain circumstances, they could produce unexpected results. If used skillfully, they could achieve extraordinary results.
These days lasted for about two months.
Two months later, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the treasure flower descending. Not long after, it stopped. Then, he heard Han Meng's voice faintly floating over, "Okay, we're here."
After Luo Zheng left the purple treasure flower, what entered his eyes was a boundless mottled color. These colors interweaved together to form a boundless sea. This sea contained an ancient aura that encompassed the desolation of the world.
"Sea …"
This was a magnificent sea of colors …
This sea couldn't see the end. Moreover, what was churning in the sea wasn't the usual "sea water". It was a kind of colorful liquid. Wave after wave swept over, creating a rainbow-like radiance. It was a feast for the eyes and made people gasp in amazement.
"This is the Sea of Time?" Luo Zheng looked into the distance and asked.
Han Meng nodded.
The Sea of Time was very common to the people of the floating islands. However, many Proof of Divinity cultivators and even True Divinities had never seen it in their entire lives.
People who saw it for the first time would naturally be very shocked.
However, to Han Meng who was born on the floating island, she was already used to seeing it.
"What a beautiful sea …"
Luo Zheng sighed softly. This Sea of Time seemed to contain some kind of mysterious aura that had a strong attraction to Luo Zheng.
After staring for a long time, he seemed to have lost his mind. He actually couldn't help but walk towards the sea.
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, Han Meng's figure flashed and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. "What are you doing?"
"I want to see this sea …" Luo Zheng was still staring at the Sea of Time. His heart was filled with a strong sense of belonging. His subconscious seemed to be constantly reminding him that he came from this sea and would also go to this sea.
"The Sea of Time is fatal to you." Han Meng faintly smiled. She didn't notice Luo Zheng's strange behavior. She only thought that Luo Zheng was curious about the Sea of Time. "Let alone you, even if I fell into the Sea of Time, I wouldn't be able to survive."
Seeing Luo Zheng's confused expression, Han Meng could only patiently explain, "Look at this sea when it surges, it turns into various colored fragments. In fact, these things aren't as beautiful as they look on the surface. They aren't some kind of material. These fragments are actually fragments of time! The Primordial Age, the Middle Age, and every divine era has been recorded by the Sea of Time, turning into 'countless' fragments gathered here. If you touch one of these fragments, you will fall into one of those eras. "
Luo Zheng was stunned. "In other words, through the Sea of Time, I can freely travel to any era in the Divine Realm?"
"In theory, that is indeed the case. However, as I said before, these are all fragments of time. They aren't complete time passages. When you fall into the sea, your body will also split into countless fragments and fall into different eras. Therefore, the moment you fall in, it also means death." Han Meng smiled.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly broke out in a cold sweat. Looking at the waves that were constantly surging not too far away, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a cautious expression. "Since that's the case, why would so many rich and powerful families establish floating islands in such a dangerous place?"
Han Meng shook her head. "There is only one reason. The Governing Slate is here."

Chapter 1810
After waiting at the seaside for more than an hour …
Luo Zheng saw a small black dot appear in the distance.
The small black dot continued to enlarge. After reaching a certain distance, Luo Zheng was able to clearly see that it was a small boat sailing on the Sea of Time.
Luo Zheng was too embarrassed to ask Han Meng, so he could only ask the Extreme Evil Old Man in his mind, "This Han Meng said that anyone who falls into the Sea of Time will be torn to pieces. Why is there a boat sailing on the Sea of Time?"
The Extreme Evil Old Man didn't say anything in Luo Zheng's mind. He had been to the Sea of Time once before, and this time, he was revisiting the place. He was also very emotional. When he suddenly heard Luo Zheng's question, he immediately laughed and said, "Hehe, there will always be a way. The material of that boat is very special. To a certain extent, it can isolate the temporal laws of the Sea of Time … I have never been to the floating island, but from what I know, these boats come from a very mysterious race called the Sun Blind Race. All the Gods of this race have never opened their eyes to see the world. They are all blind.
They have been sailing on and off the Sea of Time. "There were many legends about the Sun Blind Race in the Divine Domain.
This was a low-key and mysterious ancient race. Just as the Extreme Evil Old Man said, everyone in the Sun Blind Race was blind. However, this wasn't the main point. The main point was that this race had been cruising on the Sea of Time before the various great clans occupied it.
The True Gods of the Divine Domain didn't know much about this race. Many of their customs and strange clan rules were often puzzling to outsiders. It was also a headache for many descendants of the great clans. These great clans were the pinnacle forces of the Divine Domain. They were usually extremely overbearing, but they were very tolerant of this weak race. Because of this, the people of the Divine Domain had many conjectures and speculations about this race.
That small boat kept drifting on the Sea of Time. It looked like it was moving very slowly, but in fact, it was moving very quickly.
Luo Zheng could see a distance of a thousand miles, but the small boat only took an incense stick's worth of time to travel from that distance …
As the boat approached, Luo Zheng saw that the ferryman was a strong man with red skin. This strong man seemed to be blind. His eyes were closed, and a pair of thick and powerful arms were moving a pair of strange oars — which seemed to be the spine of some large fish.
After waiting for the boat to reach the shore, the burly man listened for a moment before asking, "Is Fairy Han Meng going to ferry us?"
"That's right," Han Meng softly replied.
The ferryman nodded. After securing the boat, he said, "Please board the boat."
Han Meng glanced at Luo Zheng and reached out to grab Luo Zheng's arm. With a light jump, the two of them landed firmly on the small boat.
When the ferryman heard this, he immediately asked, "Fairy Han Meng brought another person with her?"
"Two people is enough," Han Meng indifferently replied.
The ferryman's eyes were still closed, but he was facing Luo Zheng. He couldn't see anything with his eyes, but he seemed to be using his divine sense or some other means to size up Luo Zheng. He didn't move for a long time.
Han Meng wrinkled her brow.
The rules of the Sea of Time were very complicated. One couldn't fly in the entire Sea of Time, nor could they use Space Transmission.
Whether it was an Upper True Divinity or a Peak True Divinity, one had to rely on these ferrymen to enter and exit the Sea of Time. Generally, it wasn't so troublesome. She didn't know what was wrong with this guy today. After enduring for a while, Han Meng asked, "Why haven't you started the boat yet?"
The ferryman didn't speak. He still faced Luo Zheng motionlessly.
Although these ferrymen didn't have high cultivations, they were indispensable existences in the Sea of Time. None of the great forces dared to provoke them casually. After all, the Sea of Time was too dangerous. Boarding the boat was equivalent to handing over one's life to them. If the ferrymen capsized the boat and fell into the Sea of Time, their fate could be foreseen.
Therefore, Han Meng patiently waited.
After facing Luo Zheng with his eyes closed for a while, the ferryman suddenly opened his eyes.
There were no pupils in his eyes. His whole body was pure white, looking very frightening. Moreover, the ferryman put his face in front of Luo Zheng, only two or three inches away from Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng was also baffled. He didn't know what was so good about him.
At this time, the ferryman suddenly said, "I won't ferry you. You can go down."
"What do you mean?" Han Meng's expression suddenly sank.
These ferrymen had always been rather docile. On the Sea of Time, they were like hardworking and down-to-earth servants. For countless years, they had been quietly dispatched by the major clans. Except for special periods, they would never go on strike, nor would they delay matters. They were on call at any time.
Had the ferryman taken the wrong medicine today?
Luo Zheng also frowned, but didn't say anything.
"It's nothing. In any case, I can't ride him." The ferryman still stubbornly shook his head. He retreated from the front of the boat to the back of the boat. At the same time, he placed his two oars to the side. His meaning was that if Luo Zheng didn't get off, he wouldn't sail.
"Our Han Clan pays enough shenwu coins to your Sun Blind Tribe every year. Today, I have an important matter to attend to on the floating island. Are you not willing to ferry me?" Han Meng finally couldn't take it anymore.
The Sun Blind Tribe's ferryman still shook his head. "This Sea of Time is very dangerous. Therefore, our Sun Blind Tribe has many taboos. Fairy Han Meng should also know."
The Sea of Time was boundless. It was beautiful and mysterious, but if one ignored the gorgeous splendor of this sea, it was a typical sea of death.
Any living thing that fell into the Sea of Time would be torn to shreds. Then, their corporeal body would fall into a certain period of time.
To true gods, the Sea of Time was even more terrifying than many great forbidden lands. Those forbidden lands that made one's expression change might be terrifying, but there were still many ways to survive. If one was careless and fell into the Sea of Time, only death would await them. There were no exceptions.
Apart from the Saints, if other True Gods wanted to enter the floating island, they had to obediently let the Sun Blind Tribe ferry them through the sea. Only the Sun Blind Tribe could rely on a small boat to "conquer" the Sea of Time, which was full of taboos.
The Sun Blind Tribe also had many strange rules. These rules were passed down from their ancestors and couldn't be violated. They were called the "Four Nots."
The first was midnight. However, the Sun Blind Tribe wouldn't ferry people between midnight and noon.
The second was wind and rain. However, if the weather in the Sea of Time wasn't good, they wouldn't ferry people either. Naturally, they didn't fear ordinary storms. Once there was a storm in the Sea of Time, it would be destructive to all living things on the sea.
The third was the transit. However, the transit was a grand festival for the Sun Blind Tribe. On this day, there were no boats on the Sea of Time. Even if they wanted to, they couldn't cross.
The fourth was fear. If there was someone on the boat that the ferryman was afraid of, they wouldn't let them cross.
Han Meng naturally heard of the "Four Nots." She pondered for a moment, then asked, "Right now, it's not midnight. The weather is clear and there aren't any storms. It's also not the transit. Why don't you let him cross?"
"Because I'm afraid of him," the Sun Blind Tribe ferryman said.
"Afraid? Luo Tianxing is just a Proof of Divinity cultivator. What are you afraid of? "Han Meng asked curiously. These Sun Blind Tribe fellows were especially serious when they were tangled up.
Luo Zheng's face was full of doubt. At the same time, he began to be vigilant.
This Sun Blind Tribe was so strange. They seemed to have an extraordinary sense of smell. If they found out about his origins, it would be troublesome.
The ferryman shook his head. "I'm afraid of him. His aura isn't right."
This time, Han Meng was completely helpless.
She couldn't use force against the Sun Blind Tribe. No floating island would provoke this mysterious tribe. If he said not to let Luo Tianxing cross, Luo Tianxing really couldn't enter the floating island!
"Then how can we let him enter the floating island?" Han Meng asked again.
If this Sun Blind Tribe member wasn't willing to ferry Luo Tianxing, then the only way was to ask her master. Her master had the ability to send Luo Tianxing in, but for this kind of matter, it was impossible. Luo Tianxing didn't have the qualifications.
"Let my father come. My father and big brother might not be afraid of him," the ferryman said.
The Sun Blind Tribe was divided into three, six, and nine ranks. However, because this tribe was mysterious, they rarely interacted with outsiders. Ordinary people wouldn't be able to understand the differences. Although Han Meng had entered and exited the Sea of Time many times, she didn't understand. She even felt that all the Sun Blind Tribe members looked the same.

Chapter 1811
As the ferryman said that, Han Meng's expression relaxed.
She flicked her hand and 2 shenwu coins were thrown towards the ferryman.
However, the ferryman didn't take the two coins. Instead, he gently flicked them with his hand and the two coins flew back to Han Meng. He then shook his head, "Han Jia has already paid. We won't accept it a second time."
Following which, the ferryman suddenly stood up. His eyes were still closed as he faced the sea of time. He muttered something but no sound came out. No one knew what he was saying.
The Sun Blind race had a special ability.
No matter where you were in the sea of time, as long as you stood on the shore, you did not need to send out any message or inform anyone. They would always arrive in the shortest time possible. They would not waste any time!
In ancient times, the All Saints Hall was not established and there were no floating islands in the sea of time. At that time, some true gods only needed to bring 2 or 3 shenwu coins to explore the sea of time. These ferrymen would ask if they wanted to enter the sea of time.
Later on, the sea of time was occupied by various big clans. After the All Saints Hall was established and the rules were set, they reached an agreement with the leader of the Sun Blind race. Other than the people of the big clans, they would not ferry any true gods.
Hence, when Han Meng brought Luo Zheng to the seaside for a while, this Sun Blind race member rowed the boat over.
Luo Zheng and Han Meng waited on the boat for a long time …
Not long after, two small black dots appeared on the colorful sea surface. Two small boats, one in front and one behind, were rapidly approaching.
The leader was a tall and sturdy man. On the boat behind was a stooped old man. Clearly, they were the father and brother of the ferryman.
The two people slowly rowed the boat to the back. The three Sun Blind clansmen quietly communicated with each other for a while. They didn't even make a sound, only their lips trembled slightly. Luo Zheng and Han Meng naturally didn't know what they were saying.
After the communication, the stooped old man said to Luo Zheng, "Get on my boat. I'll take you over."
Seeing that the old man agreed to ferry Luo Zheng, Han Meng let out a sigh of relief. She nodded to Luo Zheng and said, "Go, we'll meet on the floating island."
Luo Zheng then jumps up and stands firmly on the old man's boat.
After Luo Zheng sat down, the old man put down the two huge bone oars. Waving his arms, he gently swung the bone oars. Like a flood dragon entering the sea, the boat split the colorful seawater and moved forward.
"Creak, creak …"
The pair of bone oars continued to make ear-piercing noises, stirring up waves on both sides of the ship. Even if it was just a wave, it still gave off a strong power of the Laws of Time.
These time laws were not condensed from true essence. They were the real 'time', the 'history' of the divine realm. It was just like how Luo Zheng had boarded the Sun Blind Race's small boat on the shore. It had only happened an hour ago, but it had also become a historical record in the sea of time.
In theory, the Sea of Time recorded everything that had happened since the birth of the Divine Domain. However, everything had turned into fragments of time and merged into the Sea of Time. Wanting to accurately find a certain period of time in such a huge sea of time was like looking for a needle in a haystack. It was almost impossible.
As the boat moved further and further away, its speed also increased.
At this time, Luo Zheng noticed that the Sun Blind Race's bone oars were starting to emit a faint green light. Every time he paddled, the green light would dissipate and revolve around the bottom of the boat. It was this faint green light that allowed the boat to travel through the Sea of Time as though it was flying!
The Sun Blind Race had been in the Sea of Time for so many years, so they definitely had their own merits. Otherwise, given the personalities of the wealthy families of the floating islands, why would they rely on this race?
The old man was only focused on rowing the boat. He had no intention of communicating with Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng could not help but ask, "Just now, your son said that he was very afraid of me. That's why he wasn't willing to give me a ride. May I know what he is afraid of?"
"Creak, creak …"
The bone oars continued to move. The old man's thick and thick arms continued to paddle. After a long silence, the old man said, "To people like you, the Sea of Time is a sea of death."
Luo Zheng nodded. "I heard that any living thing that falls into the Sea of Time will be torn to pieces by the laws of time and then travel to an unknown time …"
The Sun Blind Race's old man chuckled and continued to paddle the bone oars. He then said, "To people like you, that is indeed the case. Even the top existences among the True Gods and Paragons will also die if they fall into the Sea of Time … However, to the living things that live in the Sea of Time, that is not the case."
"Living in the Sea of Time? You mean there are living things in the Sea of Time? "Luo Zheng's face was full of surprise.
"Otherwise, how do you think the Sun Blind Race conquered this Sea of Time? Where did our boat and bone oars come from? "the Sun Blind Race's old man asked in return.
Luo Zheng had asked the Extreme Evil Old Man this question. The Extreme Evil Old Man had only told Luo Zheng that this was a special method of the Sun Blind Race. Luo Zheng did not think too much about it.
With the Sun Blind Race's old man's reminder, Luo Zheng immediately understood. "You mean this boat and bone oars came from the living things in the Sea of Time?"
"Yes," the Sun Blind Race's old man replied.
This pair of bone oars was taken from the spine of the Ghost Swimming Fish. The Sun Blind Race had used a special method to capture the Ghost Swimming Fish. They skinned the fish alive and took out the spine in the middle. Then, they used a method passed down from their ancestors to refine it into a pair of special oars.
The boat used for ferrying was made from the skin of the Thousand-faced Arowana Fish. The bottom of the boat was covered with the skin of the Thousand-faced Arowana Fish. This way, the boat could sail through the Sea of Time without any worries.
Both the Ghost Swimming Fish and the Thousand-faced Arowana Fish were living things in the Sea of Time. After countless years of evolution, these living things could freely travel through time and were not afraid of the tearing force of the Sea of Time.
"So the Sea of Time is not a dead zone." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. The evolution of nature was indeed mysterious. He immediately asked, "But what does this have to do with being afraid of me?"
The old man paused for a moment and then said, "There are many unknown powerful living things in the Sea of Time. Among them, there is one kind of sea monster that is the most powerful. Our Sun Blind Race calls it the 'Emperor's Hatred'. You have a strange aura that is very similar to the Emperor's Hatred, very similar …"
The Sun Blind Race's journey through the Sea of Time was not smooth sailing. There were many hidden dangers in this quiet and beautiful sea. If they were not careful, the boat would capsize and people would die. Thus, the race had many taboos and rules.
However, as long as they followed these rules, it was very safe to travel through the Sea of Time. There was one situation that was unavoidable, and that was encountering a sea monster like the 'Emperor's Hatred'.
The legend of the Emperor's Hatred did not only exist in the Sun Blind Race. Even the Divine Realm knew of the existence of this monster.
However, the Emperor's Hatred was too mysterious. So far, no one had seen its complete form. Once this kind of sea monster hunted in the Sea of Time, there was no possibility of survival for creatures below the Sage Realm!
In the Middle Ages, there was even an Emperor's Hatred in the Sea of Time that dragged a Sage into the Sea of Time, wanting to kill that Sage. However, after the Sage transformed into the universe, as long as the universe was not destroyed, his body was immortal and indestructible. That Sage finally escaped from the Sea of Time after being entangled with the Emperor's Hatred for several years. Although the Sage was not captured by the Emperor's Hatred, he was very embarrassed.
Some people listed the Emperor's Hatred as a True Spirit, but many people did not agree. The Emperor's Hatred had strength that far exceeded that of an ordinary True Spirit. Even a Sage could not do anything to it!
"I have the aura of the Emperor's Hatred on my body?" Hearing the old man's words, Luo Zheng was also confused. He did not know that he had such a strange thing on his body.
"It's just very similar," the old man said. "My son is young and has never seen the Emperor's Hatred. However, I saw the Emperor's Hatred a Divine Era ago. I saw one of its hands."
Speaking of this, his face showed fear and sadness. It seemed to evoke a sad memory.
The appearance of the Emperor's Hatred was bound to bring a devastating disaster. It could be imagined that the Emperor's Hatred at that time brought a painful blow to the old man. Even after a Divine Era, he was still immersed in sadness.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1812
This Sunblind old man didn't reveal what had happened back then, nor did he tell Luo Zheng what the Emperor's Hatred looked like.
In fact, the entire Sunblind race was a race of few words. They constantly sailed on the Sea of Time, but they almost never spoke to their guests.
It was already very "abnormal" that the old man was willing to say so much to Luo Zheng.
However, in the end, the old man said that he would invite Luo Zheng to their race as a guest during the transit of the sun.
Luo Zheng was also curious about the Sunblind race, so he agreed and didn't notice anything strange. However, after arriving at the floating island, Luo Zheng realized that even if one was a member of the floating island, ordinary people wouldn't have the qualifications to be invited by the Sunblind race.
After the boat sailed for two hours, the surrounding scenery disappeared.
It seemed like there was only the boundless Sea of Time in this world. Other than that, there was only this Sunblind old man and this small boat …
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng fell into a state of extreme fatigue. He actually felt drowsy and couldn't help but yawn.
When he paid attention to the Extreme Evil Old Man's soul in his mind, he realized that he had actually fallen into a deep sleep.
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling strange, the Sunblind old man said indifferently, "Many people will lose their ability to judge time while cruising on the Sea of Time. Although I have only brought you here for two hours, your body will feel like a long time has passed. Naturally, you will be tired. If you feel tired, you can sleep."
"I see …"
The old man's words seemed to have a magical power. Luo Zheng felt his eyelids fighting and finally closed. He didn't even realize when he had fallen asleep.
"Creak, creak …"
After sleeping for an unknown period of time, Luo Zheng heard the sound of a bone paddle. When he opened his eyes in a daze, he saw huge objects floating in the sky!
"These are floating islands!"
Luo Zheng instantly woke up.
At the same time, the Extreme Evil Old Man said lazily, "These should be the floating islands of those rich and powerful families. This is the first time I have seen them."
Those floating islands were rather high above the sea of time, and each of them was incomparably huge!
These floating islands were like the Cloud Hall of the Central Domain, but the scale was a thousand times, no, ten thousand times larger. Each floating island was a huge city, quietly floating in the sky …
The floating islands were not parallel to each other. Instead, they were in a spiral state, extending all the way into the sky.
The top of the floating islands was shrouded in thick clouds, so Luo Zheng couldn't see how high they were.
"Yes, we're here," the old man replied calmly.
As he spoke, he rowed the small boat to the center of the sea. In front of them was a huge floating disk. The entire disk was also floating in the air, but it was only four feet above the sea level. This disk was the public dock below the floating island.
Han Meng stood at the side of the dock. She had already arrived ahead of time, and after seeing Luo Zheng, she waved her hand.
The old man moved the small boat closer to the dock. After Luo Zheng expressed his thanks, he jumped towards the dock and landed on the disk.
The old man shook the bone oar and waved his hand at Luo Zheng. "When the time comes, if you come to participate in my clan's gathering, you only need to wait here." After saying this, he turned the small boat around and slowly rowed away.
After hearing this, Han Meng's bright and beautiful eyes flashed with a strange light. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Her expression confused Luo Zheng. Although the other party was an upper True God and was also an elder, Luo Zheng could not help but tease her. "Is there something written on my face …"
Han Meng shook her head and asked, "Did I mishear? This old man from the Sun Blind Clan invited you to participate in the gathering?"
"En, what's wrong?" Luo Zheng blinked. He did not understand why Han Meng was so serious.
"Hu …" Han Meng took a deep breath and looked at Luo Zheng with a meaningful gaze, "I really don't know what kind of secret a little fellow like you has to actually be invited to participate in the Great Gathering of the Sun …"
As far as Han Meng knew, although there were no Saints among the people invited by the Sun Blind Clan, they were still patriarchs of the various large clans. Most of them were at the Perfection stage, and even Quasi-Saints would participate. Aunt Han Jiu had also received an invitation before!
The Sun Blind Clan was a very low-key clan, but they were the clan that understood the Sea of Time the best. The various large clans had been fighting with each other for so many years, but they had all chosen to build good relations with the Sun Blind Clan.
Han Meng was only an upper True God. Although she was the closest person to Aunt Han Jiu and didn't know much, Luo Zheng being invited still greatly exceeded her expectations.
"Let's go." Han Meng saw that Luo Zheng was also confused. She sighed in her heart. It seemed that helping her master bring Luo Tianxing back was the right choice. She wondered what kind of storm this little fellow would stir up once he entered the floating island …
On this disc-like dock, there were many small discs arranged in a row. After the two of them stepped onto one of the small discs, the discs began to slowly rise, steadily floating towards the sky.
Luo Zheng felt that everything here was new and fresh, so he naturally looked all around.
Not long after, he approached the first floating island, which was also the lowest floating island. On one side of this floating island was a giant 'Liu' character. This' Liu 'character was likely a million feet tall and a million feet wide. It was incomparably large.
"Liu Family?" Luo Zheng asked in a low voice as he saw the character.
Han Meng faintly smiled. If it were some other Proving Divinity martial artist, she probably wouldn't have bothered to explain anything to them. But, she had a good opinion of this little fellow, so she patiently explained. "Mm, this is the floating island's Liu Family. They are also the lowest ranked noble clan of the floating island. The Liu Family was once ranked in the top ten noble clans of the floating island, but 60 god eras ago, a great change occurred in the Liu Family, causing them to fall to their current state. They even have the risk of being squeezed out of the ranks of the noble clans."
Luo Zheng nodded. Even the peak noble clans of the Realm of the Gods weren't able to hold the greatest advantage forever. In the long river of time, even the slightest bit of laziness would cause them to fall from their pedestal.
The discs beneath their feet didn't rise too quickly, giving Luo Zheng time to look around. These floating islands were divided into large cities. These cities weren't any smaller than Six Ren Divine City. It was just that the Liu Family's floating island seemed a bit dilapidated, and the entire island was covered in a dusky haze.
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw the second floating island.
"The Xie Family, the second lowest ranked noble clan in the Sea of Time. The Xie Family has been on this floating island for 110 god eras, but it has always been ranked second from the bottom. It hasn't risen, nor has it fallen," Han Meng directly explained before Luo Zheng could ask.
The Xie Family's floating island was completely different from the Liu Family's. The entire floating island was covered in lush green trees. Luo Zheng couldn't even find a single building from the outside.
Moving up once more …
This time, Luo Zheng saw a pitch-black floating island.
This floating island looked as if it had been burned. The outside of the floating island was charred, as if it was a piece of pure black charcoal floating in the air. The inside of the floating island didn't have the slightest bit of vitality. It had a lifeless appearance. As for the large characters engraved on the outside of the floating island, they were already badly damaged.
Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression. Through the blurry and damaged characters, he tried his best to distinguish between them. "The Ling Family … or the Meng Family? What happened to this floating island? It seems to have been burned by someone? "
Han Meng faintly smiled. "Neither. That's the Luo Family. The Luo Family used to be one of the top ten noble clans, but it has been destroyed. Every now and then, the floating island's ranking will drop by one level. There's no one left on this island, so the ranking will continue to drop. I believe that it won't be long before the Luo Family's floating island falls into the Sea of Time."
The speaker didn't mean it, but the listener took it seriously.
Hearing Han Meng's words, Luo Zheng's entire body stiffened.
"The Luo Family!"
At the same time, Old Man Evil asked in his mind, "This should be your father's floating island, right?"

Chapter 1813
As the son of a Sage, Luo Zheng could be considered a member of a wealthy family.
In the Great Yan Universe, Luo Zheng had heard of the Noble Floating Island, but he had never imagined what the real Luo Family was like.
He had never imagined that the floating island owned by the Luo Family would appear before him in such a state.
Such a huge floating island, just how flourishing had it been?
How many members of the Luo Family, how many True Gods, how many geniuses had there been …
Yet it had turned into ashes, devoid of life.
Han Meng was an expert at observing people's expressions. Even the slightest change couldn't escape her eyes. Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Han Meng smiled. "I forgot that your surname is also Luo. You aren't a member of the Luo Family, are you?"
"Luo Family?" Luo Zheng stared blankly for a moment, then smiled. "Of course not. It's just that my surname is also Luo. Seeing the Luo Family fall to such a state, I feel a bit rueful."
Although Luo Zheng's heart was in turmoil, he did his best to restrain himself.
Now that the Luo Family had lost the support of a Sage, it had already fallen to such a state. These wealthy families were afraid of drawing a clear line between themselves and him. If he admitted that he was a member of the Luo Family now, it would only bring him more trouble.
"That's true. If you were a member of the Luo Family, there's no way you wouldn't know what happened on this floating island," Han Meng said indifferently. There were countless people surnamed Luo in the Divine Realm. Han Meng wouldn't suspect that Luo Zheng was a member of the Luo Family just because Luo Tianxing's surname was Luo.
"What happened on the Luo Family's floating island? How did it fall to such a state?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
He was truly curious.
Now Luo Zheng only knew that his father had offended the Sage Halls and had a great enmity with Mu Hai. However, he still didn't know the real reason.
"This is the punishment of the Governing Slate. It's a specially refined divine lightning that fell on the floating island. It's enough to baptize the entire island," Han Meng said.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Why did this divine lightning fall? What did the Luo Family do? Who did they offend?"
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng also wanted to inquire about more information and eliminate Han Meng's suspicions of him. After all, he really didn't know anything about the Luo Family.
But Han Meng's answer made Luo Zheng very disappointed.
"These battles involve games between Saints. Us True Divinities naturally don't know about them." Han Meng shook her head. In the past, Luo Xiao seemed to have betrayed the Holy Temple. However, Luo Xiao's motive and reason for his betrayal had never been announced. Instead, it had been sealed up as a secret.
After so many years, the Luo Clan had already been forgotten by the gods. Only this floating island was left for people to occasionally think of.
It wouldn't be long before the Luo Family's floating island completely fell into the sea of time. At that time, the last trace of the Luo Family would be completely erased.
Since Han Meng was not clear, Luo Zheng did not ask.
As the disc beneath his feet continued to rise, Luo Zheng saw more and more floating islands …
Gongsun Clan, Yang Clan, Xue Clan …
These floating islands were connected to each other in a spiral shape, as if they were the stairs of a heavenly pagoda, and disappeared into the horizon.
The scenery on each floating island was different. Some floating islands were covered in lush greenery, and some floating islands were covered in exquisite buildings. There was even a floating island that had a giant lake …
As Luo Zheng rose higher and higher, there were also many discs passing by Luo Zheng and Han Meng. Between floating islands, it seemed that these small discs were used as a means of transportation. And those who rode these small discs were mostly True Divinities. It was very rare to see a Proof of Divinity martial artist.
"Hahahaha …"
A burst of hearty laughter sounded out. It was as if there was no one else present, laughing and joking.
Not too far away, there was a disc that was moving in the same direction as the one beneath Luo Zheng's feet.
On that disc stood a group of young True Divinities. The laughter just now had come from these True Divinities. As for the seven people on the disc, they were all lower True Divinities. They should have just become Divinities a few years ago.
"Mm?"
One of them suddenly revealed a puzzled expression. He looked over from several dozen feet away.
Luo Zheng was also sizing them up. Their gazes suddenly collided.
"Qin Tianze …" Luo Zheng's face was stupefied, but his heart was slightly startled.
Back in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, in order to help Ji Luoxue obtain a cultivation platform, he had fought with this Qin Tianze. This Qin Tianze was the same as Han Liusu. He was also a member of the Han Family. Luo Zheng didn't expect to meet him here!
Although Luo Zheng's appearance had changed, in these few months, there had been continuous and subtle changes. This Qin Tianze shouldn't be able to recognize him.
But the most frightening thing was that in order to defeat him, Qin Tianze had used the Great Wish Technique.
According to the rules of the Great Wish Technique, as long as Qin Tianze didn't kill him, his cultivation would never improve …
And after making a wish, once he got close to the target of his wish, his heart would sense it! Thus, Qin Tianze's face was filled with confusion as he stared at him from afar.
"Tianze, what do you see?" A lower True Divinity beside Qin Tianze asked.
Qin Tianze stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Nothing …"
"You know that guy?" Someone asked.
"I don't." Qin Tianze still shook his head. "It's just that he gives me a strange feeling."
"Hahaha, are you being oversensitive? Your body has just recovered and you still need to rest. Don't think too much …" Someone comforted him.
Han Meng also felt it was strange. She asked Luo Zheng, "An old friend of yours?"
Luo Zheng hurriedly denied, "I don't know him … I'm just curious why he keeps staring at me."
"That's the young master of the Qin Family. It's said that he was injured in a battle in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement." Han Meng lowered her voice and said, "Moreover, he stupidly made a wish. In the end, the brat who defeated him ran away without a trace. It's said that the brat is a secondary life form in some universe. Right now, even the Sages of the Qin Family can't find him …"
"Since the young master of the Qin Family entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he should have been a Proof of Divinity expert, right? He didn't fulfill his wish, so how did he break through the World Lord Realm and step into the True Divinity Realm? "Luo Zheng asked in confusion.
Luo Zheng also cultivated the Great Wish Divine Dao. If he couldn't fulfill his wish, his cultivation would be permanently restricted.
For Qin Tianze to be able to break through this restriction, it was too miraculous …
Back then, Luo Zheng and Qin Tianze both had the same cultivation. Now, not only did Qin Tianze break through this restriction, he even became a lower True Divinity. Luo Zheng had fallen behind by quite a bit.
"No one can avoid the restriction of the Great Wish. Even if Qin Tianze is an extremely important person in the Qin Family, the Sage Emperor of the Qin Family personally acted and temporarily blocked his Great Wish Restriction. However, it's only a temporary measure. If we want to solve the restriction of the Great Wish Restriction, we still have to find that secondary life form," Han Meng said in a low voice.
The difference between the Han Family and the Qin Family wasn't that great. The two families were in a competitive relationship. As for the matters of the Qin Family, Han Meng was very familiar with them …
"Losing to a secondary life form … it seems it'll be difficult to find him," Luo Zheng said in agreement. He had a strange feeling in his heart. He didn't know what Han Meng would think if she knew that the secondary life form Qin Tianze was looking for was him.
"We definitely won't be able to find him," Han Meng said with a smile.
Qin Tianze's Great Wish Restriction had been blocked by the Sage Emperor of the Qin Family. As a result, the detection of Luo Zheng had become extremely vague, which was why Qin Tianze had felt so strange.
This could be considered a freak combination of factors. If the Sage of the Qin Family hadn't acted, Qin Tianze would have discovered Luo Zheng's existence. After all, no matter how Luo Zheng changed his appearance, he couldn't escape the Great Wish Technique.
After this block, Qin Tianze's cultivation smoothly stepped into the True God Realm. However, he had lost an excellent opportunity to "fulfill a wish".
Not long after, the small disk Qin Tianze was on suddenly turned and floated towards a huge floating island in the distance. That floating island was the Qin Family's floating island, ranked eleventh in the sea of time.
As the small disk floated away, Qin Tianze couldn't help but look back at Luo Zheng again. He felt that his mind wasn't clear.
Han Jia's floating island was one place higher than Qin Tianze in the sea of time, ranked tenth.
The small disk under Luo Zheng's feet continued to rise. Not long after, Han Jia's huge floating island finally appeared in front of Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1814
Right now, Luo Zheng was standing on the disc and had already risen high into the sky.
The surrounding clouds and mist gave Han Jia's floating island an ethereal feeling.
Looking down at the sea of time from this angle, the floating islands below were like a pearl necklace, connected to the magnificent sea.
Luo Zheng could see the center of the divine realm from here!
However, he didn't know where the Saint's Hall was. The sky was covered by thick clouds. He didn't know what kind of power the clouds contained, but he couldn't see through them.
As Luo Zheng continued to look around, the disk under his feet finally approached Han Jia's floating island.
When the disk stopped on the floating island, Han Meng jumped onto the floating island first. Luo Zheng also jumped lightly. The two of them left the disk, and the disk automatically flew out of the floating island, returning to the "dock" at the bottom.
After getting on the floating island, Han Meng continued to lead Luo Zheng forward. At the same time, she said, "You entered Han Jia's floating island because of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, so I'll take you to the Purple Soul Palace first."
Han Jia's floating island was divided into two parts. Han Jia's main family took up the majority of the island, but one sixth of the island was given to Aunt Han Jiu. Aunt Han Jiu was Han Jia's secondary saint, so she built the Purple Soul Palace on the floating island, which was independent of the main family.
Luo Zheng hadn't joined Han Jia's main family. He was actually chosen by Aunt Han Jiu to enter the Purple Soul Palace.
"I don't have the Extreme Purple Yin Body …" Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
"I know. However, to me, if you can cultivate the Extreme Purple Yin Body, then you must have it," Han Meng said indifferently.
Since Han Meng said this, Luo Zheng had nothing to say. He naturally wouldn't explain about the Immeasurable Ruler. If she thought he had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, then let her think so …
Han Meng didn't take him into the main city. Instead, she took him along a small path.
Not long after, they finally reached their final destination, which was Aunt Han Jiu's territory — the Purple Soul Palace.
The Purple Soul Palace's style was extraordinary. Purple light slowly flowed through the complicated patterns. The light emitted its own aura. Luo Zheng even suspected that the entire palace was created by the Great Purple Qi Technique.
"Big Sister Meng is back?"
Just as they arrived in front of the Purple Soul Palace's door, a blue-clothed woman quickly stepped forward.
This blue robed woman was a Lower True God. Facing Han Meng who was an Upper True God, she didn't have any distinction of seniority. She very casually called out. At the same time, the blue robed woman sized up Luo Zheng who was behind Han Meng. Her face immediately revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. She immediately called out loudly: "Sisters, quickly come and take a look. Big sister Meng has found another junior brother for us!"
At the call of the blue-clothed woman, over ten women rushed out from the Purple Soul Temple. Among these women, there were Divine Realm martial artists as well as lower True Divinities. Each of them had their own merits. They all thought that male disciples were rare, so they all came forward to take a look …
As Han Meng saw this, she couldn't help but roll her eyes, "Honorable Master's discipline is lacking. These fellows have always been like this, you will slowly get used to it …"
Although there were many people in the Realm of the Gods who possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body and could cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Way, compared to the vast number of Gods, they were still a drop in the ocean. To be able to gather in the Purple Soul Palace could be considered a type of fate.
In addition, Aunt Han Jiu herself didn't like the distinction of seniority. So, in the Purple Soul Palace, besides Aunt Han Jiu's Honorable Master, all the other disciples, regardless of their strength or cultivation, called each other sisters. Over time, this kind of relaxed atmosphere formed.
There were very few male disciples in the Purple Soul Palace. Every time a male disciple appeared, these women would naturally find it strange and wanted to surround him to see what was going on.
So, not long after, over ten gorgeously dressed women tightly surrounded Luo Zheng. At the same time, they pointed and whispered …
"Is he from a poor family? He's only wearing a long gown, and he's wearing it so plainly? "
"I don't think I can feel the aura of the Extreme Purple Yin Body from his body. Can he really cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Way?"
"He's still very handsome. Is he really a genius recommended by the Heaven Containing Palace?"
"… …"
Hearing these chattering voices, Luo Zheng's forehead was covered in sweat. He really had never seen such a scene before. He even suspected that entering the floating island this way was a mistake … …
"Alright, little junior brother has just entered the floating island and is tired from the journey. Let's settle him down first. Don't make so much noise … …" Han Meng had already anticipated this situation, but she didn't have a way to resolve it.
In the Purple Soul Palace, there were actually two kinds of disciples. One was the disciples personally accepted by Aunt Han Jiu. The other was the ordinary disciples. Han Meng was Aunt Han Jiu's disciple, but she didn't dare casually scold these female disciples. If she did, these female disciples would tear up. If this were to spread to Honorable Master, not only would Honorable Master not order these disciples who didn't follow the rules, she would instead reprimand Han Meng. So, there were no rules in the Purple Soul Palace, only sisters.
"That … … I shouldn't be some little junior brother, right?" Luo Zheng corrected Han Meng's words.
Han Meng faintly smiled, "Although you haven't been accepted as a disciple, you still have to call me junior brother. Our Purple Soul Palace's male disciples are very popular … …"
"… …" Luo Zheng was speechless again. This Fairy Han Meng had been very normal the entire way, but after returning to the Purple Soul Palace, she seemed to have become somewhat abnormal. It seemed that the environment really could change people.
"Little junior brother, quickly call senior sister Qian!"
"Little junior brother, your bone age doesn't seem to be a hundred years old, right? So young … … "
"Senior sister Han Meng, let me arrange little junior brother's living quarters. Also, I'll just tell him the rules of the Purple Soul Palace … …"
With the "enthusiastic" help of these senior sisters, Luo Zheng finally settled down.
The Purple Soul Palace occupied one-sixth of the Han Clan's floating island, but the number of female disciples with the Extreme Violet Yin Body was only one in ten thousand of the main family's disciples. Thus, the Purple Soul Palace was relatively spacious, and Luo Zheng's living quarters was actually a single small palace.
This was where Aunt Han Jiu's tyranny came from. Although the floating island was large, its surface area was limited. This place couldn't be compared to Liuren Divine City. If the floating island's land could be traded, it would probably be the most expensive place in the entire Divine Realm.
Even the main family's disciples, if not for their special status and lofty status, could only be allocated a small and cramped living quarters. Normally, the outer family's disciples who could enter the floating island would be squeezed into a single room, and True Gods were no exception!
However, Aunt Han Jiu was a very protective person. As long as it was someone who followed her, she would definitely fight for the greatest benefits. Thus, she had forcibly asked for such a large piece of land from the Han Clan's Saint Emperor. Moreover, the number of disciples she had was limited, so she was naturally very well-off. Luo Zheng, who had been allocated a small palace the moment he entered, had always been envied by the other members of the Han Clan. Unfortunately, they didn't have the Extreme Violet Yin Body, so they couldn't be accepted into the Purple Soul Palace.
After nightfall …
The thick fog above the floating island still hadn't dissipated, but it had become much lighter.
Through the hazy moonlight, Luo Zheng could vaguely make out the huge objects above his head. Those were the floating islands of the other great clans.
"The Luo Clan has their own floating island. As a Saint, Master should have his own as well. Along the way, I haven't seen the Gu Clan's floating island. Why is that?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked the Extreme Evil Old Man.
Although it was the Extreme Evil Old Man's first time entering the floating island, he had been in the Divine Realm for a long time. He should have heard of these things.
"Hehe, although the North Sage's clan isn't very powerful, Gu Bei himself is very powerful! Although he only took in two disciples, they're both at the peak of the Perfection Paragon level! The entire Gu Clan relied on those two freaks to get their floating island into the top five … This was before I was captured by Gu Bei. I don't know what the Gu Clan's floating island is now, but it's definitely above the Han Clan's! " Said the Extreme Evil Old Man. He didn't know much, but this was just common knowledge.
"In other words, the Gu Clan's floating island is above them …" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Hearing the Extreme Evil Old Man mention his master's two disciples, Luo Zheng immediately thought of the "Second Senior Brother" on the Path of Extinction. This Second Senior Brother had given him some pointers back then. Cultivating "Eight Zigzag Smoke," "Thunder Kill," and "Ten Thousand Spell Rival Book" had all been his suggestions.
"I still don't know their names," Luo Zheng said.

Chapter 1815
"Jing Wuhuan? Yu Shenfeng? "
Luo Zheng had never heard of these two names.
Old Man Evil nodded. "Yes. Although Gu Bei has become a Saint, he doesn't have many descendants. The Gu family has very few people, but his two disciples are very powerful! Especially the eldest senior brother, Jing Wuhuan. He has the potential to become a Saint! "
Since Jing Wuhuan was the eldest senior brother, then the second senior brother he had met before should be called Yu Shenfeng.
"With these two protecting you on the Sea of Time, hehe, you can do whatever you want," Old Man Evil joked. "Unfortunately …"
In terms of background, Luo Zheng had a higher starting point than many of the core disciples of the wealthy families.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's opponents were too powerful …
The first one he had to face was Mu Haiji, and even the entire Holy Church!
Luo Zheng's two senior brothers were indeed powerful, but if Luo Zheng casually showed up now, they might not be able to protect him.
"It's not suitable for me to look for them now." Luo Zheng shook his head.
The relationship between Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, and Jiu Sheng was probably not a secret in the Holy Church. Luo Xiao had been dealt with, and Gu Bei was not in the divine territory. Luo Zheng did not know about Jiu Sheng's situation, but those around Gu Bei would definitely be under Mu Haiji's surveillance. Luo Zheng was not stupid enough to show up.
"It's not suitable for you to look for them on the floating island, but with this relationship, hehe …" Old Man Evil smiled mysteriously. "You will have a chance elsewhere!"
"Elsewhere?" Luo Zheng was startled.
Old Man Evil continued, "You still don't know much about the divine territory. Hehe, remember you asked me about the use of Shenwu coins?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Right, you said you would tell me about the use of Shenwu coins when we reach the floating island. Can you tell me now?"
Ever since Luo Zheng came into contact with the local customs of the divine territory, he had been very suspicious about Shenwu coins.
This black disc itself seemed to be worthless, but the purchasing power of Shenwu coins was quite strong. Even if a martial artist who had proven himself to be a god worked hard for many years, it would still be difficult to exchange for the value of a single Shenwu coin. Such a currency system was unimaginable in the universe!
From this point of view, Shenwu Coin was definitely not a currency issued by a certain clan. This could only mean that Shenwu Coin had a very important function. It was so important that all the third-tier, second-tier, and even first-tier wealthy families could not ignore it.
"Hehe, do you know what's the biggest thing in the divine territory?" Old Man Extreme Evil laughed. At this point, he was still planning to keep Luo Zheng in suspense.
"Sage?" Luo Zheng asked tentatively.
Old Man Evil shook his head.
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment and then said, "If it's not the Sage, then it should be that stone slab."
The Ten Thousand Commandments Slate, also known as the Governing Slate.
Even a Sage could not defy this slate. Just based on its strength alone, this slate deserved to be called the Ruling Slate.
"That's right." The Evil Old Man nodded. "There are all kinds of rules on the Governance Slate. These rules have been accumulated over countless divine epochs. They are also the product of constant compromises and negotiations between the Saints of the Noble Clans. Have you ever wondered how these rules were written?"
"From time to time, they write by hand …" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
The Ten Commandments Slate and the Hundred Commandments Slate in the Central Divine City were all like this. Luo Zheng also thought that the Governing Slate was the same.
Old Man Extreme Evil did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Do you think the Governing Slate is an ordinary slate? The slates you see are nothing compared to the Governing Slate. If you could casually write rules on them, the divine territory would be in chaos … "
The Ten Thousand Commandments Slate in Six Ren Divine City was already very powerful. However, it could only defend against ordinary upper-level true gods. If it was a Sage's disciple or a slightly more powerful upper-level true god, the Ten Thousand Commandments Slate's rules would not be able to do anything to them.
However, the Governing Slate was different.
Sages were already at the pinnacle of this world, but they were still trapped by the Governing Slate.
There had once been a Sage who tried to resist the Governing Slate but was severely punished in the end. In history, there were also some Sages who had violated the Governing Slate's rules and had no choice but to escape from the divine territory. They wandered in the chaos and did not dare to return to the divine territory …
Hence, the Governing Slate's rules were ironclad rules. Other than some small loopholes, no one could go against them.
As a stowaway, Luo Zheng did not go through the Jiang Family's reception.
In fact, he had violated the Governing Slate's rules. However, he had the Golden Bloodline. Luo Xiao had meticulously searched for loopholes in the Governing Slate to avoid the Governing Slate's punishment. Hence, Luo Zheng could be considered to have taken advantage of the Governing Slate's loophole this time.
After all, no matter how powerful the Governing Slate was, it was just a slate. It would only act according to the rules. However, rules that were set always had some flaws and loopholes that could be studied.
"Then, what's the connection between the Governing Slate and Shenwu Coins?" Luo Zheng found it difficult to connect the two, so he was still puzzled.
Old Man Evil explained, "It's very simple. Whether it's changing the rules on the Governing Slate or writing new rules, it requires Shenwu Coins."
"Using Shenwu Coins to write?" Luo Zheng blinked.
Old Man Evil's eyes widened. "After grinding Shenwu Coins, the essence is extracted to make Shenwu Ink!"
Controlling the Governing Slate was equivalent to controlling the divine territory.
And the Divine Martial Ink was the only material that could leave behind words on the Command Slate!
"Using Shenwu Coins to make Shenwu Ink can write the rules of the entire divine territory." Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. He asked again, "Since that's the case, the Noble Families will naturally collect Shenwu Coins and set rules that are beneficial to their families …"
The conflict between Mu Haiji and Luo Xiao was also a conflict over the rules of the Governing Slate.
Before Luo Xiao's death, the rules on the Governing Slate could only allow one True God to participate in the Universal War.
In order to be foolproof, Mu Haiji changed the rules on the Governing Slate.
Changing the rules was much cheaper than writing new ones. Changing this rule only required two strokes on the Governing Slate. In other words, changing "one" to "three". With this change in the rules, Mu Haiji believed that conquering the Dayan Universe was a foregone conclusion.
However, Luo Zheng had lured Zhan Beihai and Shi Xiaoqiao out of the Immortal Abode. Whether this was Gu Bei's countermeasure was still unknown, but it had also ruined Mu Haiji's plan.
"That's not right …" Luo Zheng thought for a while. "If I have enough Shenwu Coins, I can write a rule on the Governing Slate that forbids anyone in the divine territory from attacking me. Won't that mean that even the Saints can't do anything to me?"
Old Man Evil's eyes widened again. "Why don't you just write it and kill everyone in the Holy Church? Won't this world be peaceful?"
"That's possible," Luo Zheng said seriously.
"Hehe, unfortunately, do you think those Saints are idiots? What you can think of, they can't think of? So many Divine Epochs have passed. Why hasn't anyone written a rule like that? "Old Man Evil retorted.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't think that those Saints were dumber than him. There must be a reason.
"The amount of Shenwu Coins needed to write a rule on the Governing Slate is an astronomical figure. Even the Grand Families find it difficult to accumulate enough Shenwu Coins to write a rule once. Moreover, the rules written on the Governing Slate are divided into many levels! A rule like the one you mentioned is too heaven-defying. The amount of Shenwu Coins needed is unimaginable. I'm afraid that even if all the Grand Families' Shenwu Coins were added together, it would still be impossible to write it! "Old Man Evil shook his head.
"According to the different rules, the amount of Shenwu Coins needed is also different." Luo Zheng nodded. This explanation was correct. Otherwise, if a Saint was the first to write an invincible rule, he would have no opponents in the Divine Territory to speak of. The current Divine Territory wouldn't be in such a state as Luo Zheng saw.
Old Man Evil's explanation enlightened Luo Zheng. It was no wonder that the Grand Families valued Shenwu Coins so much. Shenwu Coins were indeed irreplaceable in the Divine Territory. At the same time, Luo Zheng had new doubts …
"These Shenwu Coins don't look like ores. Where did they come from?" Luo Zheng asked.
In the Central Domain, those square crystals were excavated from ore veins. True Yuan Stones and Zhen Yuanyu were the same. They were all condensed from Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi. Could it be that Shenwu Coins were also excavated from ore veins?

Chapter 1816
The wealthy families took up 80% of the resources in the Divine Dominion.
The countless second and third tier clans below the Noble Clans divided up the remaining 15% …
Even if the majority of the Divine Dominion's citizens were added together, they could only take up the remaining 5%.
If any of the divine citizens wanted to achieve something, they could only go to the various divine cities and slowly climb up through the various divine residences. Among them, those with exceptional talent had a slight chance of entering the floating islands, and only then would they be able to obtain a certain amount of resources and support from the floating islands!
"The most important resources here are the forbidden lands," the Extreme Evil Old Man emphasized. "All the Shenwu Coins are obtained from the forbidden lands. Apart from the vast amount of Shenwu Coins, there are also all sorts of precious treasures and rare materials. However, basically all the entrances to the forbidden lands are controlled by the wealthy families. Not to mention the citizens of the Divine Dominion, even True Gods have almost no chance of entering!"
"Back then, I was lucky enough to fish in troubled waters and enter the Soul Wilderness once." The Extreme Evil Old Man shook his head, his face filled with emotion. "Because of that one opportunity, the rewards were equivalent to several Divine Epochs worth of hard work …"
At that time, the Extreme Evil Old Man had just become a middle-level True God. However, regardless of whether it was his strength or influence, he was not ranked highly in the Vast Sky Domain. Occasionally, he would sneak into a wealthy family's team and experience life and death in the Soul Wilderness. After obtaining a considerable amount of rewards, he proudly pushed his cultivation to the peak of middle-level True God.
Since then, the Extreme Evil Old Man had made a name for himself and established his own territory in the north of the Vast Sky Domain.
With the Extreme Evil Old Man's strength, he could have created a third-tier family. However, with his eccentric personality, he naturally did not have such plans. He planned to use all his strength to become an upper True God!
To the True Gods on the floating island, they had almost unlimited resources. Even so, it was still relatively difficult for them to become upper True Gods. For a True God like the Extreme Evil Old Man, who was born in the Vast Sky Domain, every step forward was as difficult as crossing a natural chasm!
The Extreme Evil Old Man originally had a slight chance with that Stone Forest Rat, but in the end, he ended up in such a state.
"Those forbidden areas are so important …" Luo Zheng was lost in thought.
The Extreme Evil Old Man chuckled. "Although I have never been to the floating island, I believe that it won't be long before you have the opportunity to go to those forbidden areas. When the time comes, you will naturally know. Sigh …" The Extreme Evil Old Man sighed again. He was extremely envious of Luo Zheng for being able to enter the floating island. Now that he had entered the floating island, it was a pity that he was only left with this remnant soul.
The night passed …
Early the next morning, a plain-clothed woman came to inform Luo Zheng to head to the Purple Soul Palace's Dream Ending Pavilion.
Luo Zheng followed behind this plain-clothed woman. Along the way, he bumped into many women from the Purple Soul Palace. These women all stopped to look at him curiously.
Although there was no lack of men on Han Jia's floating island, Luo Zheng, as a male disciple who had just joined the Purple Soul Palace, naturally received a lot of attention. Naturally, there was no lack of pointing and whispering. Hearing these women's words, Luo Zheng's head was filled with black lines …
He wondered if "Aunt Han Jiu" had summoned him. After arriving at the Dream Ending Pavilion, he realized that he was thinking too much.
In the Dream Ending Pavilion, Luo Zheng saw a group of Proof of Divinity experts. Of course, they were all women as well. Other than Luo Zheng …
This group of Proof of Divinity experts had clearly not joined the Purple Soul Palace for long. Compared to the True Gods outside, they were much more inexperienced. When they sized up Luo Zheng, they were much more restrained. However, their eyes were filled with astonishment. Could it be that they were wondering why a man had come in?
After the plain-clothed woman brought Luo Zheng into the Dream Ending Pavilion, she said to everyone present in a deep voice, "In a moment, Grandma Yue Ying has something to say. You all know her temper. Everyone, be quiet!"
Hearing the plain-clothed woman's words, the originally chattering women suddenly quietened down. It was as if they all knew how terrifying Grandma Yue Ying was.
Not long after the plain-clothed woman left, a person slowly walked in from the back door of the Dream Ending Pavilion. It was a plump old woman. Her body looked very old, but her face was as delicate as a baby's. It looked very strange.
This should be the Grandma Yue Ying that the plain-clothed woman spoke of. Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After Grandma Yue Ying entered the Dream Ending Pavilion, the atmosphere in the entire Dream Ending Pavilion froze. The bodies of the women were all stiff. They were like statues. Some of the women even had expressions of fear on their faces.
Luo Zheng was very curious. What did Grandma Yue Ying do to make these women so afraid? Han Meng and Grandma Yue Ying were both Upper True Gods. However, Han Meng's temper was much better. Furthermore, Han Meng had said that in the Purple Soul Palace, other than Aunt Han Jiu, there was no hierarchy.
After Grandma Yue Ying stood still, her gaze swept around. Finally, it landed on Luo Zheng. She then said, "I heard that you were personally chosen by Master? Why don't I feel the aura of the Extreme Purple Yin Body from your body? "
Luo Zheng had only been brought into the Purple Soul Palace by Han Meng for a day. Grandma Yue Ying probably had something to tell him, so she asked this question.
"I do not have the Extreme Purple Yin Body." Luo Zheng cupped his hands.
Grandma Yue Ying frowned. "Not the Extreme Purple Yin Body? Why did Master summon you into the Purple Soul Palace? "
"Because I can also cultivate the Purple Cloud Divine Dao." Luo Zheng calmly explained.
"Look!" Grandma Yue Ying scolded.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He was slightly displeased. This old woman's temper was really bad. However, he had just entered the Purple Soul Palace and was unfamiliar with the place. He didn't want to bicker with her.
Thus, he stretched out an arm and gently flipped it. He condensed a purple cloud. The purple Dao circled once before quickly dissipating.
Granny Yue Ying's eyes revealed a trace of surprise before she nodded indifferently. "Yes. Although I don't understand how you did it, since you've already infiltrated the Purple Soul Palace, you're naturally a member of our Purple Soul Palace! Take it! "
After saying this, she stretched out her hand and threw a green jade card at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng reached out his hand and caught the jade card. He took a closer look at it. The top of the jade card was engraved with a large "Han" character, and the bottom was engraved with the words "Luo Tianxing". There was a faint and complex aura coming out of this nameplate. Presumably, this jade card was also made using some kind of secret method that couldn't be easily imitated.
Grandma Yue Ying said, "This is Han Jia's tablet. You can't do anything without this tablet on the floating island. Don't lose it."
"Thank you." Luo Zheng calmly replied.
"Although you've just entered the floating island, since you're a Proof of Divinity cultivator, there are some rules that I have to repeat …" Grandma Yue Ying then explained the basic rules of the floating island.
The old woman's words were very cumbersome. She often emphasized a sentence several times. Luo Zheng was very impatient, but he couldn't do anything. He could only brace himself and listen.
After a while, Grandma Yue Ying finally finished speaking. She then turned to face the group of women. When Grandma Yue Ying spoke again, Luo Zheng realized that she was already treating him very "kindly".
"Those who are ranked below the bottom three hundred this month, step forward!" Grandma Yue Ying shrieked. Her voice was so sharp that it could pierce eardrums.
When three of the women heard this, their bodies suddenly trembled.
"Step forward!" Grandma Yue Ying continued shrieking.
The three women had no choice but to take a few steps forward. The others also looked at them with pity.
Grandma Yue Ying suddenly waved her hand. Strands of pure purple qi quickly condensed. Seeing the purple qi, Luo Zheng's eyebrows raised slightly. Grandma Yue Ying's attainments in the Purple Qi Divine Dao were very high. The Dao within it was incomparably condensed.
The purple qi continued to condense, turning into a purple vine with thorns.
"Grandma Yue Ying …"
"We'll try to rush out of the bottom three hundred next month …"
"…"
The three women actually began to beg for mercy with a sobbing tone.
But Grandma Yue Ying was unmoved. With a wave of her hand, the purple vine coiled out. In an instant, Luo Zheng heard the crisp sound of falling hailstones.
"Pa pa pa pa pa …"
In that instant, Grandma Yue Ying pulled out the vine hundreds of times.

Chapter 1817
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly when he saw the three beautiful women being beaten so miserably.
Han Meng had said that the Purple Soul Palace had a relaxed atmosphere. It seemed like there was a cruel side to it.
Although he wasn't sure what Granny Yue Ying meant by "ranking below 300", it was probably a mission given by the Purple Soul Palace. These three women had failed to complete it and were thus punished.
After Granny Yue Ying finished whipping them, she patted them lightly!
A woman carrying a porcelain plate came in from the Dream Ending Pavilion. There were three blood-red pills on the porcelain plate.
Granny Yue Ying sneered, "Swallow these Blood Muscle Pills to heal your wounds!"
The healing panacea bestowed by the Purple Soul Hall was naturally not an ordinary item. Even from such a distance, Luo Zheng could smell the rich pill fragrance coming from the Blood Muscle Pill. Presumably, this pill had been refined by an extremely powerful alchemist.
However, for some unknown reason, when the three women saw the medicinal pill, their complexions turned deathly pale. They were actually extremely fearful of the medicinal pill.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
"Heh, this old hag has some tricks up her sleeve. Although the Blood Muscle Pill is a panacea for healing injuries, its effects are strange, and it can also increase the strength of their physical bodies. However, swallowing this pill is extremely painful." The Extreme Evil Old Man laughed. This method was in line with what the Extreme Evil Old Man had done in the past. When punishing subordinates who were strong but disobedient, the Extreme Evil Old Man would often give this kind of "reward".
The three women's injuries looked terrible, but they were only superficial. After cultivating to the Sector Lord realm, these injuries would heal on their own. There was no need to use the Blood Muscle Pill.
Granny Yue Ying had given them these pills to increase their strength. On the other hand, it was another form of punishment.
Although the three women weren't willing to swallow the Blood Muscle Pill, under Granny Yue Ying's pressure, they each plucked one and placed it in their mouths.
After swallowing the three pills, the three of them began to violently tremble. Large amounts of blood sprayed out from their originally open wounds. At the same time, they let out shocking screams. Their originally beautiful faces became ferocious. This Blood Muscle Pill was clearly giving them intense pain!
The blood started to coagulate on the surface of their skin. Layer by layer, it formed a blood cocoon that completely wrapped them up. It was only at this moment that their screams stopped. When they broke out of the cocoon, all the wounds on their bodies would disappear.
These female disciples weren't old and hadn't been on the floating island for long. Their mental states hadn't been tempered. Such a punishment would definitely leave a deep impression on them.
Luo Zheng looked at all this indifferently.
Although he didn't like Granny Yue Ying's temper, after experiencing a thousand tribulations, he had a clear understanding of the cruelness of time. The competition on the floating island would only get more intense.. if he wanted to become stronger, if he wanted to obtain Han Jia's, if he wanted to obtain more resources, he would have to be all.
At this time, Granny Yue Ying faced Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Tianxing, do you know why the three of them are being punished?"
"I don't know," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Granny Yue Ying then said, "According to the rules of the floating island, everyone who enters the floating island, from Paragons to Proving Gods, has to fight at least three battles in the Pantheon Jade Wall every month. According to our Purple Soul Palace's rules, the last three hundred people must be punished."
"Fight in the Pantheon Jade Wall? What's the Pantheon Jade Wall? "Luo Zheng was stunned. He had never heard of this thing before.
"You'll know soon enough. Everyone, follow me!" After saying that, Granny Yue Ying walked towards the main entrance of the Dream Ending Pavilion. The female disciples present glanced at the three blood cocoons with fear in their eyes before following closely behind Granny Yue Ying.
Luo Zheng curled his lips and followed.
Granny Yue Ying led this large group of people through the enormous Purple Soul Palace.
Granny Yue Ying was probably the only one in the Purple Soul Palace with a bad temper. Along the way, all the women, be it Proving Gods, Lower True Gods, or even Middle True Gods, quietly avoided her …
"Old Man Extreme Evil, have you heard of the Pantheon Jade Wall?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
"I've heard of it, but I don't know much about it. It seems that this thing can determine the floating island's ranking, but as for the specifics … I'm not sure," Old Man Extreme Evil said, shaking his head.
"Determine the floating island's ranking?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. "That's not right. If the Pantheon Jade Wall can determine the floating island's ranking, why would it let us participate?"
The floating island's ranking was very important. It was definitely a contest between the Sages. How could mere Proving Gods like them participate?
"That's unknown. Let's wait and see." Old Man Extreme Evil shook his head.
Not long after …
Granny Yue Ying led the group into a nameless hall.
When Luo Zheng entered the nameless hall, he saw a huge jade wall erected in the middle of the hall!
This jade wall was two hundred feet tall and three hundred feet wide. It was dark green in color.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't need Granny Yue Ying to explain. He already knew that this was the so-called "Pantheon Jade Wall." However, what was the use of this Pantheon Jade Wall? How did it determine the floating island's ranking?
Granny Yue Ying walked toward the jade wall, stretched out her shriveled right hand, and formed a mysterious hand seal. Then, she patted the jade wall lightly.
"Weng …"
A soft sound was transmitted from the jade wall.
A ray of light slowly rose from the bottom of the jade wall and slowly moved upward. It continued to grow branches and leaves until it finally opened completely.
"This is …"
The jade wall's green light reflected in Luo Zheng's eyes. The green light continued to outline, revealing one name after another …
At the bottom of the jade wall, the names were densely packed together. They were as small as mosquitoes and flies. At a glance, there were probably millions of names. The higher up the jade wall, the larger the names outlined by the green light. The names were also more conspicuous!
At the top of the jade wall, the names were as tall as a person. Moreover, the characters at the top of the jade wall were all different. They seemed to have been personally written!
"Fang Henshao! Tang Wan! Mu Xuerong! Heavens! These are all first-rate characters in the Divine Realm! "Before Luo Zheng could size them up, Old Man Extreme Evil's voice had already reverberated in his mind.
In addition to the people mentioned by Old Man Extreme Evil, Luo Zheng also saw some familiar names at the top of the jade wall. Yu Taibai, Yu Shenfeng, and Jing Wuhuan were also there.
The people at the top of the jade wall were all at the Perfection Realm. Their cultivations were second only to the Sages. They were also the group of talents in the Divine Realm most likely to become Sages.
"Could it be that the Pantheon Jade Wall is just a ranking of strength?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
Old Man Extreme Evil shook his head. "It's not that simple. Look at the densely packed names at the bottom of the jade wall. Some of them seem to be constantly jumping."
Luo Zheng looked in the direction Old Man Extreme Evil was pointing. Indeed, it was as he said. Some of the names inadvertently jumped down a notch, while others suddenly jumped up.
"Could it be that the Pantheon Jade Wall has a mystical ability to automatically rank everyone on the floating island? Isn't this a little too mystical? " Luo Zheng revealed a trace of disbelief. Perhaps the cultivation of living beings could be measured, but aside from actual combat, there was almost no way to measure one's strength. Having a high cultivation did not necessarily mean that one was powerful. This was something Luo Zheng had already verified countless times.
"Impossible. Let alone this jade wall, even the Governing Slate cannot do this." Old Man Extreme Evil was also in disbelief.
While Luo Zheng and Old Man Extreme Evil were discussing the use of the Pantheon Jade Wall, Grandma Yue Ying had already turned around. She stared at Luo Zheng as if she wanted to see through him. "Master said that the geniuses specially recommended by the Heaven-Containing Prefecture do not need to be tested by the Purple Soul Palace. She seems to be very confident in you. However, I am somewhat doubtful of Master's confidence. I don't care what methods you used to deceive everyone by using the Purple Clouds Divine Dao, but you still need to prove your strength. If you can't even defeat the most basic of opponents, I will definitely report this to Master and expel you from the floating island! "

Chapter 1818
Granny Yue Ying didn't know Luo Zheng's background.
She wasn't well-liked in the Purple Soul Palace, but she was someone that the Purple Soul Palace couldn't possibly lack.
Although the Purple Soul Palace didn't follow seniority and all the female disciples were like sisters, there was always a need for someone to maintain the basic rules.
This was why Aunt Hanjiu had given Granny Yue Ying so much power. Her position was similar to that of a sect's law enforcement elder. It was also because of her many years of experience that she had developed a suspicious personality.
Although Luo Zheng had been personally selected by Aunt Hanjiu to enter the Han Clan's floating island, and Han Meng had also personally visited the ancestral land, Granny Yue Ying believed that she had to help her master check.
"Your opponents?" Granny Yue Ying sneered. "There are too many! In this Divine Jade Wall, you can find your opponent at will! "
"How do I find my opponents?" Luo Zheng looked at the huge Pantheon Jade Wall again. Although he didn't understand, he had a guess.
"Place the jade tablet I gave you before on the jade wall." Granny Yue Ying pointed at the jade wall.
Under Granny Yue Ying's guidance, Luo Zheng walked over to the jade wall. He realized that the bottom of the jade wall wasn't completely flat. There were small grooves on it. Luo Zheng took out the jade tablet Granny Yue Ying gave him and placed it in one of the grooves. At the same time, he activated the jade tablet.
"Buzz buzz …"
The moment the tablet was activated, the jade wall in front of Luo Zheng rippled with water. At the same time, the words "Luo Tianxing" appeared.
Luo Zheng had used the alias "Luo Tianxing" to enter the floating island. After the Purple Soul Palace helped him register, he naturally used this name as well. In addition to his name, the number of battles he fought and his points were also recorded, but the words "0" were displayed behind them.
Right at this moment, a glimmer of light shot out from the jade disc and enveloped Luo Zheng within it.
"This light …"
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He seemed to have understood something.
Luo Zheng had seen this light before. When the Great Era Battle was held in the Great Era of the Great Era, it was nominally to choose a great era's genius. In reality, it was to train ten Dao Children out of a trillion cultivators!
When he entered the Illusory Battlefield, he had relied on this kind of light.
It was very likely that his father had used the Divine Jade Annulus on the floating island as a reference when he created the Illusory War. The Dayan Universe was his father's world after all, so the Illusory War he created was even larger and more complicated.
"Buzz …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt his mind buzzing.
Everything around him began to collapse rapidly. He was quickly immersed in an illusory world. At the same time, Luo Zheng could no longer sense the existence of the Evil Old Man!
"As expected!" Standing between heaven and earth, Luo Zheng roughly understood the purpose of the Deities Jade Annulus.
There must be more than one Divine Jade Annulus like this. There should be quite a number of them on the floating islands above the Sea of Time. Through the Divine Jade Annulus, all the True Gods could be projected into this illusory world to fight.
The Extreme Evil Old Man had just said that the Pantheon Jade Annulus could determine the ranking of the floating islands. Luo Zheng finally understood.
Just now, when Luo Zheng placed his jade tablet in front of the Divine Jade Annulus, he could see that his points were zero. That was because it was his first time entering the Divine Jade Annulus.
As a member of Han Jia, he represented Han Jia in battle. Every time he won a battle, he would gain a small amount of points. The Proof of Divinity cultivators on the floating island, True Gods and even Paragons, had to choose their own battles to accumulate points.
According to the points of everyone on the floating island, the floating island's ranking would be determined.
In this competition for the rankings, the Sages did not directly participate in the process. Their main disciples would fight on their behalf.
"The stronger the person, such as Yu Taibai and Yu Shenfeng, the more terrifying the number of points they would gain. The Proof of Divinity cultivators' points should be pitifully low. However, even if it's low, the big families will still pay attention to it. That's why when the three ladies in the Dream Ending Pavilion fall to the bottom three hundred, they will be severely punished …" Luo Zheng stood in place and thought to himself. "I wonder who my first opponent will be after entering the Divine Jade Annulus this time?"
At that moment, a ray of light slowly flashed in front of Luo Zheng. Bits of dust floated out from that ray of light. As the dust continued to condense, it quickly formed a human figure. A man in brown brocade clothes slowly appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
That man sized up Luo Zheng. His eyes flashed with a hint of mockery as he looked at Luo Zheng. "You're also entering the Arena of Divinity for the first time? According to the rules of the Arena of Divinity, my opponent should also be entering for the first time. "
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. It turned out that the world that one entered through the Divine Jade Annulus was called the Arena of Divinity. This was the place where the gods competed.
It was also that old granny's fault for not being bothered to explain it clearly. She did not even tell Luo Zheng the rules. She only allowed him to come in for a challenge. Grandma Yue Ying probably thought that he was a swindler, so she directly threw him into the Arena of Divinity. If he lost, he was afraid that she would really chase him off the floating island …
Seeing Luo Zheng nod, that man's mocking smile became even more intense. "Then your luck really isn't too good." As he said that, he shook his head and sighed, as if he was silently mourning for Luo Zheng.
"Why isn't my luck too good?" Luo Zheng asked in astonishment.
That man laughed heartily. "Because your first time is destined to be defeated by me! Remember my name. My surname is Tang, and my name is Tang Yu! It should be a great honor for you to be able to fight with me! "
Tang Yu was very confident.
As a descendant of one of the top ten great families on the floating island, Tang Yu was also the son of the Tang Family's secondary saint. After painstakingly cultivating for seventeen years, he had finally stepped onto his own path!
Tang Yu's reputation on the floating island was not small. At least many true gods knew that another little monster had appeared in the Tang Family.
This was Tang Yu's first time entering the Arena of Divinity. At the level of Proof Divinity, he planned to continuously win his way up. After all, his strength had far surpassed other Proof Divinity experts of the same level. It could even be said that the majority of Proof Divinity experts were not even worthy of fighting with him!
Seeing Tang Yu's spirited appearance, Luo Zheng responded indifferently, "Oh, can we start now?"
"Of course …" Tang Yu laughed wildly as his left and right hands began to form two completely different hand seals.
However, Tang Yu would never have thought that his first time entering the Arena of Divinity would be to encounter Luo Zheng. It was definitely his misfortune …
Compared to the complicated methods that Tang Yu was about to use, Luo Zheng's methods were clean and neat.
His figure suddenly slid along the ground and approached Tang Yu at an extremely fast speed. The golden light in his eyes flashed faintly, and a strange smile appeared on his face.
"Soul attack? Stupid … "
Tang Yu felt the soul pressure bursting out from Luo Zheng's eyes. For a moment, he felt disdain.
However, this disdainful thought only lasted for a moment. When Luo Zheng turned that wisp of soul pressure into a sharp arrow and completely rushed into his mind, he realized that this soul pressure was much more terrifying than he had imagined.
The stupid one wasn't his opponent, but himself!
The unlucky one wasn't his opponent, but himself …
In the eyes of others, Tang Yu was considered the new little monster of the Tang Family. He also boasted that among the Proof Divinity experts, he was almost invincible. However, he never thought that he would encounter a monster with such a powerful soul in his first battle.
As the son of a Quasi-sage, Tang Yu's reaction was quick-witted. Those Proof Divinity experts from the Floating Island were not comparable to him. In fact, the Proof Divinity experts on the floating island were more than one level stronger than the Proof Divinity experts among the major Proof Divinity experts. This was because all the geniuses in the entire Divine Domain were gathered here, above the Sea of Time!
After feeling Luo Zheng's extremely powerful soul pressure, Tang Yu also made a countermeasure. He knew that after his opponent stabbed his soul, he would immediately follow up with a killing move.
Previously, Luo Zheng had used this move to defeat Hulan Zhuo in the Hanyue Building.
However, Tang Yu was ultimately much more outstanding than Hulan Zhuo. He suddenly clenched his teeth and used all his strength to retreat backward, wanting to avoid Luo Zheng's killing move!
Unfortunately, although he realized this, he still couldn't avoid Luo Zheng's pursuit!
"Pu!"
This punch landed on Tang Yu's body. It didn't contain much skill, but the power in this punch was far from what he could withstand.
"Regardless of speed, power, or soul, they are all far beyond my imagination. Is this guy really a Proof Divinity expert?"

Chapter 1819
On the Tang Family's floating island …
A young man in his early twenties came out from the jade wall.
This young man was Tang Yu, who lost to Luo Zheng.
Outside the Divine Jade Wall, there were a dozen people from the Tang Family.
In the center was a gray-haired, middle-aged old man. He had a long beard and long eyebrows. He had a square face and round eyes. There was a faint flame flowing between his eyebrows. He unconsciously emitted a powerful aura.
This person was Tang Yu's father, the Tang Family's Second Sage, Tang Jianchou!
After he sent Tang Yu to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to cultivate, he returned to the Tang Family's floating island. Today was Tang Yu's first time entering the Arena of Gods.
Tang Jianchou had spent a lot of effort on Tang Yu. Naturally, he wanted to see his son's performance. Therefore, he accompanied Tang Yu to the Divine Jade Wall.
Tang Jianchou didn't doubt Tang Yu's strength.
Even the Proof of Divinity martial artists on the floating island weren't weak, but Tang Yu had just stepped into the Arena of Gods. The opponents he would encounter wouldn't be too strong, so Tang Yu should win. According to Tang Jianchou's estimation, Tang Yu would be able to achieve at least ten consecutive victories within four hours, or even twenty consecutive victories before he would encounter a true opponent.
However, the moment Tang Yu exited the Divine Jade Wall, green words flowed slowly below the Divine Jade Wall. It actually showed that Tang Yu had lost!
"Tang Yu lost?"
"Did Nephew Tang purposely go easy on him?"
"Or did he encounter a genius from another wealthy family?"
The many True Gods present looked at each other. They didn't understand what had happened.
Even the Second Sage, Tang Jianchou, was surprised. "Yu 'er's Yang Body is invincible among those of the same level. How could he lose in the first round?"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The Divine Jade Wall's light that enveloped Tang Yu's body dissipated. Tang Yu climbed up from the ground with a depressed expression. His eyes were still in a daze.
"Yu 'er, what kind of opponent did you encounter? Why did you lose in the first round? "Tang Jianchou asked.
Although Tang Jianchou was a Second Sage, he didn't have many children. Tang Yu was his most talented son in the past few decades. Naturally, he would protect and care for him.
The people around Tang Jianchou also stared at Tang Yu, wanting to hear his explanation.
Tang Yu pouted and said rather helplessly, "Dad, your son's luck isn't good. I actually met a monster in the first round …"
"Monster?" Tang Jianchou and the other Real Gods were stunned. "Is the opponent very strong? Can he break your Yang Body? "
Tang Yu's face was full of resentment. "I didn't have time to activate my Yang Body before that guy attacked. His soul is ridiculously strong, and it seems to be even stronger than an ordinary lower True God …"
"What?"
"The soul strength of a Divine Warrior is comparable to a True God?"
"Which rich and powerful family raised this little guy to be so capable?"
Actually, the people present had some doubts about Tang Yu's words, but since it was Tang Yu who said it, they didn't dare to refute.
On the floating island, the number of outstanding Proof of Divinity martial artists was not large. Almost every family had a few heaven-defying little fellows, but cultivating a Golden Battle Soul was already the limit. Even Tang Jianchou had not seen any family's child who could cultivate a True God Soul …
"Just having a strong soul isn't enough to defeat you." Tang Jianchou shook his head in disbelief.
"It's not just a strong soul. Whether it's speed or power, it's far beyond the scope of a Proof of Divinity martial artist. He only used one move to defeat me, and he didn't use any martial arts or Divine Path. I suspect that guy used cheating methods. He's definitely at the True God Realm! It must be! "Tang Yu said hurriedly.
The gods present didn't say anything. They knew that it was impossible …
Looking at Tang Yu's embarrassed and anxious expression, he smiled faintly. "That's Yu 'er's bad luck. Maybe he really met a genius raised by a rich and powerful family. Don't be discouraged, Yu' er. Since ancient times, no one has been able to keep winning in the Arena of Gods. If you lose, just fight again!"
"I understand." Tang Yu nodded.
In the first round of the Arena of Gods challenge, he had suffered a blow to the head. To him, this wasn't necessarily a bad thing. It would also let Tang Yu know his own strength!
"But what's the name of your opponent? Which rich and powerful family does he belong to? "Tang Jianchou asked.
"That guy's name is Luo Tianxing. He's from Han Jia!" The Pantheon Jade Wall wouldn't show Tang Yu's opponent's information, but before Tang Yu entered the Arena, he could see his opponent's name and clan.
"Surname Luo … Han Jia's external martial artist," Tang Jianchou murmured. "And it's his first time entering the Arena of Gods. Looks like that guy didn't grow up on the floating island …"
Although Tang Yu gave very little information, Tang Jianchou still made a fairly accurate judgment.
However, Tang Jianchou didn't pay too much attention to it. Geniuses in the Sea of Time would appear every day. Most of them were like meteors streaking across the sky before disappearing in the Sea of Time. A mere Proof of Divinity martial artist wasn't enough to attract the attention of a quasi-sage.
On the floating island of Han Jia …
Luo Zheng also left the Pantheon Jade Wall cleanly.
After the light enveloping his body dissipated, he leaped up with a relaxed expression. On the Pantheon Jade Wall behind Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's victory was already displayed. After his victory, a small "1" was written.
Granny Yue Ying naturally saw this scene. Her face, which didn't match her bloated figure at all, revealed a hint of surprise. She wasn't surprised that Luo Zheng had defeated his opponent. Instead, she was surprised that Luo Zheng could finish the battle in such a short time …
"Fortunately, I didn't let you down. I've won my first match," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile as he cupped his hands.
Unexpectedly, Granny Yue Ying shook her head. "You were just lucky. Your first opponent was also an opponent who had just stepped into the Arena of Gods. Such an opponent is too weak to count, right?"
Luo Zheng shrugged and said disapprovingly, "Indeed, he's too weak."
If Tang Jianchou and Tang Yu heard the conversation between Granny Yue Ying and Luo Zheng, they would probably vomit blood in anger.
Granny Yue Ying didn't know who Luo Zheng's opponent was. If she knew that Luo Zheng's opponent was the son of a quasi-saint, she wouldn't have said such words. As for Luo Zheng, he really felt that Tang Yu's strength was very ordinary …
"Go and challenge him again. You have to win at least five matches in a row to prove your strength," Granny Yue Ying said calmly.
Hearing Granny Yue Ying's words, the female disciples present looked at each other. Some of them were also silently worried for Luo Zheng.
There were strong and weak opponents in the Arena of Gods. Even if you were lucky enough to win this match, there was no guarantee that you would be able to defeat your next opponent. You might encounter some genius from a powerful family. If you met such a genius, you would almost certainly lose. Granny Yue Ying was deliberately making things difficult for Luo Zheng by letting him win five matches in a row.
Of course, these female disciples felt indignant for Luo Zheng in their hearts, but no one dared to jump out and say a word.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. To Luo Zheng, this kind of battle couldn't even be considered a warm-up. After turning around, he activated the jade tablet once again and entered the Pantheon Jade Wall for the second time.
In the misty and illusory world, Luo Zheng's second opponent had appeared.
It was a burly man with a rough appearance. His face was full of valiance and his appearance was abnormally ferocious. This burly man had just appeared in the Arena of Gods when he started speaking ill of Luo Zheng, wanting to gain the upper hand by a show of strength and suppress Luo Zheng's aura.
However, just as he opened his mouth, he felt his vision blur, and he was stepped on by Luo Zheng. "You're far inferior to the previous guy. The disciples of powerful families are far less powerful than I imagined," Luo Zheng said as he shook his head.
"You, you …" The burly man under his feet kept struggling.
Luo Zheng looked down at the burly man under his feet and smiled slightly. "Let me remind you. Aura isn't produced by talking. Aura … is the embodiment of one's strength!" After saying this, Luo Zheng lightly exerted force with the tip of his foot. Immediately, there was the sound of bones breaking. The second match was over.
In the first match against Tang Yu, Luo Zheng had only spent about twenty breaths of time from the moment he entered the Arena of Gods until the end, including the time when Tang Yu was talking nonsense.
The second match had taken nine breaths of time.

Chapter 1820
He had ended the battle in such a short time and even won.
The female disciples in the nameless hall were all puzzled.
Given their strength, it was difficult for them to understand how Luo Zheng had won the battle. Could it be that Luo Zheng's opponent had not been able to hold out against him in such a short time?
"Luo Tianxing's strength can't be stronger than Senior Sister Lan's, right?"
"There's no comparison now. Senior Sister Lan has already attained the Divine Dao. Moreover, Senior Sister Lan's points were high at that time, so her opponents were naturally stronger …"
"I also feel that they can't be compared. After all, Luo Tianxing has just entered the Divine Jade Wall. His opponents can't be too strong."
The female disciples finally could not help but discuss in extremely soft voices.
The Senior Sister Lan they were talking about was once the number one Divine Dao martial artist in the Purple Soul Palace. She had displayed her talent not long after entering the Purple Soul Palace. After entering the Arena of Gods, she had won all the way …
However, not long ago, Senior Sister Lan had ascended to the True Immortal Realm.
Now that they saw this newcomer's outstanding performance, they could not help but compare him to Senior Sister Lan.
Granny Yue Ying had not expected such a situation at all. She had always been suspicious of everything, so she had thought that there was something wrong with the Pantheon Jade Wall. Two consecutive battles. One took twenty breaths, while the other took less than ten breaths.
Even if Luo Tianxing's opponents were weak, they should not have been weak to this extent. After all, this was the floating island. Luo Tianxing's opponents were not the grassroots Gods outside the Sea of Time.
This could only mean one thing. Luo Tianxing's strength was too strong. The difference in strength was so great that it was enough to crush him!
Granny Yue Ying had already acknowledged Luo Zheng in her heart. However, she did not relax at all. Her face was still tense as she said, "Again!"
Luo Zheng did not speak. He turned around and activated the jade pendant again.
As Luo Zheng was enveloped in a gentle light, Granny Yue began to calculate the time in her heart.
She wanted to see if this kid was really that amazing. Could it be that he only needed a few breaths to finish off each opponent?
One breath, two breaths, three breaths …
In fact, it was not only Granny Yue Ying who was doing this. The female disciples were also curious about Luo Zheng.
When they counted to six breaths, the words on the Divine Jade Wall changed. The gentle light that enveloped Luo Zheng dissipated. Luo Zheng had already exited the Arena of Gods.
"Six breaths …"
"He's won another match. He's already accumulated 12 points."
"His points has already surpassed mine!"
The points in the Arena of Gods's points.
Generally speaking, the higher the points a martial artist had, the more victories they would have, and the higher their ranking and strength would be.
For example, the three female disciples who were punished by Granny Yue Ying had negative points, so they were ranked in the bottom three hundred of the floating island.
To be exact, they were the last three hundred of the Divine Warriors.
In the Arena of the Gods, there were a total of five levels of battles. The Proving God Martial Artists were in the first level, while the True God Realm's upper, middle, and lower levels were in the second level.
The last level was called "Battle of the Heavenly Kings." The people who participated in this level were experts like Yu Taibai and Yu Shenfeng...
...... Luo Zheng's opponents would actually become stronger and stronger. However, in the Proof of Gods' level, Luo Zheng's first opponent, Tang Yu, was actually qualified to stand at the very front.
Luo Zheng's strength was already enough to completely crush this level. It was up to the people with the highest points to see if they had the qualifications to stop Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's points were too low. Naturally, it was difficult for him to foresee those people.
After three matches, the way Granny Yue Ying looked at Luo Zheng had also changed a lot.
Although Granny Yue Ying was extremely strict and was disliked by many Proof of Gods and True Gods, she was extremely loyal. Everything she did was for the benefit of her master, Aunt Han Jiu!
Now that she understood Luo Zheng's value, she naturally wouldn't mention banishing him from Han Jia Floating Island.
This time, before Granny Yue Ying could say anything, Luo Zheng activated the jade tablet once again...
However, the duration of the fourth battle was even shorter than the previous one.
From the time he entered the Arena of Gods to the time he came out, it was only two breaths of time.
This didn't make sense. There wasn't enough time to make a move. However, Luo Zheng's victory increased by another round. His points also increased by eight. He had a total of twenty points.
After the light dissipated, Luo Zheng looked at everyone's puzzled expressions. He smiled awkwardly. "I met my first opponent. The other party directly admitted defeat."
It turned out that Luo Zheng met his first opponent in the Arena of Gods, Tang Yu.
After Tang Yu lost to Luo Zheng in the first match, he won two consecutive matches. With Tang Yu's strength, he could also crush ordinary Proof of Gods and quickly accumulate points. He didn't expect to meet Luo Zheng again after winning two consecutive matches. He could only blame himself for being unlucky.
Tang Yu was also an understanding person. Although he was extremely confident in his own strength, he had fully analyzed "Luo Tianxing's" strength. He knew very well that he had no chance of winning. He might as well just admit defeat.
Therefore, in the eyes of Granny Yue Ying and the others, Luo Zheng had miraculously created a new record.
Not long after, the five matches Luo Zheng agreed to with Granny Yue Ying ended. Granny Yue Ying didn't ask Luo Zheng to continue. Instead, she asked Luo Zheng to take back the jade tablet. At the same time, she said to the female disciples present, "Enter the Arena of Gods on your own."
Hearing Granny Yue Ying's order, the female disciples neatly took out their jade tablets and stepped forward to place them into the grooves at the bottom of the jade wall.
This jade wall was three hundred meters wide and could accommodate three to four hundred people entering the Arena of Gods at the same time. There were probably quite a few jade walls like this on the floating island.
"For Master to be able to make Han Meng personally come, Master's judgment can't be wrong. Luo Tianxing, you are very outstanding," Granny Yue Ying said with a faint smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng cursed inwardly. She had just said that she was suspicious of Master and wanted to expel him from Han Jia's floating island. Now, she had changed her words. This old woman was really …
"This large hall is specially provided for your use. If you encounter any problems in your cultivation, everyone in the Purple Soul Hall can be your master. If you have time, I suggest you come here more often and enter the Arena of Gods to earn points," Granny Yue Ying said.
"What are the benefits of earning points?" Luo Zheng asked.
To be honest, Luo Zheng wasn't very interested in entering the Arena of Gods every day to challenge those Proving Divinity cultivators.
Currently, Luo Zheng was in a hurry to break through his bottleneck and condense his godhood …
If entering the Arena of Gods to earn points was only to help Han Jia's floating island increase its ranking, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't be too motivated.
"The use of points?" A strange smile appeared on Granny Yue Ying's face. She then said in a lecturing tone, "Don't you know that all the floating islands in the Sea of Time, all the clans, and everyone's status is measured by the Jade Annulus of the Gods?"
Just as the Evil Old Man had said, the only reason they wanted to enter the floating islands was because all the entrances to the forbidden areas were occupied by the floating island's rich and powerful families. For grass-roots True Gods like them, it was extremely difficult to enter the forbidden areas. It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
As for the warriors and True Gods on the floating islands, if they wanted to enter the floating islands, they had to rely on themselves to fight for it. Points were one of the criteria. Each forbidden area had different requirements for points.
In addition to obtaining the right to enter the forbidden areas, Han Jia would also provide extremely attractive rewards and even special privileges based on the ranking of the points.
It could be said that the Arena of Gods' points were second only to Shenwu Coins to the people on the floating islands. Sometimes, they were even more important than Shenwu Coins.
Granny Yue Ying was actually patient enough to explain so much to Luo Zheng …
"Understood." Luo Zheng nodded.
He had to admit that after countless Divine Epochs, the rich and powerful families on the floating islands had indeed found an effective way to motivate everyone to work hard.
Although the Arena of Gods didn't involve the Sages, if the strength of their own True Gods declined, the floating island's ranking would also decline. This also forced the Sages to put in all their effort to nurture the disciples on the floating islands and their own followers.

Chapter 1821
After passing Granny Yue Ying's test, Luo Zheng regained his freedom.
The female disciples who entered the Purple Soul Palace were all focused on cultivating the Purple Cloud Divine Dao, hoping to attain the Divine Dao as soon as possible.
Luo Zheng could no longer raise his strength, and the Purple Soul Palace's restrictions were very lax, so he naturally had nothing to do.
Fortunately, there was no one in the Purple Soul Palace to control Luo Zheng. These days, he had been roaming around the Purple Soul Palace and had a rough understanding of the status of the rich and powerful disciples.
There were a total of seven Pantheon Jade Annulus in the nameless hall in the Purple Soul Palace, and one could enter the Arena of the Gods to challenge each of them. Everyone had to challenge three opponents every month. If they left during the month and returned to the floating island, they had to make up for it within a limited time. These records were all recorded.
However, most true gods weren't willing to challenge the Arena of Gods. They were more willing to explore the various forbidden lands and earn Shenwu Coins.
There were just too many experts in the Arena of Gods, and the opponents they chose based on their points were usually on par with them.
If they were careless and lost, a portion of their points would be deducted, making it difficult for them to obtain the qualifications to enter certain forbidden lands. This was also why the floating island forced everyone to undergo three battles.
Apart from this, Luo Zheng was also carefully collecting information on Mu Haiji.
The Mu Family led by Mu Haiji was ranked seventh, three ranks higher than Han Jia's floating island. The entire floating island's overall strength was definitely stronger. On the Pantheon Jade Annulus, the woman called Mu Xuerong was ranked third at the very top. In terms of ranking, she was higher than Yu Taibai, Yu Shenfeng, and Jing Wuhuan!
However, Yu Taibai was his father's chief disciple, and the Luo Family's floating island had already been destroyed. How did Yu Taibai maintain his ranking?
He had some doubts, but he couldn't find an answer in the Purple Soul Palace. One day, he simply left the Purple Soul Palace and headed for the Han Family's Saint Emperor City.
The floating island of the Han Family was divided into three parts. The Purple Soul Palace was the territory of Secondary Sage Han Jiu Yi. Apart from that, the floating island was also divided into Saint Emperor City and Spirit Heart Palace. Spirit Heart Palace was where the direct descendants of the Han Family's Saint Emperor lived. Ordinary people couldn't enter.
Saint Royal City was the place with the most people on the entire floating island. Most of the main family disciples and disciples with different surnames were gathered there.
Before entering the Saint Emperor City, Luo Zheng had to go through a round of inspection by the guards. Fortunately, he already had his own jade card.
The two guards saw Luo Zheng's jade tablet and sized up Luo Zheng. Their faces revealed a trace of ridicule. "A man from the Purple Soul Palace? That's rare … "
Luo Zheng silently took back the jade token and entered the Saint Emperor City.
When he entered Saint Royal City, he finally understood what a sea of people meant. He also understood why the Han Family disciples envied the Purple Soul Palace.
From the moment they stepped through the city gate, the road was packed with True Gods from all walks of life. There was a clamor everywhere. This was no different from a market set up by mortals. However, these people were all reputable True Gods, living beings with endless lifespans. Squeezing here and there like this could be considered tiring.
"Tomorrow, a third-level forbidden land will open. They are here to recruit twelve people. They require middle-stage True Gods and two thousand points …"
"Gather three lower-stage True Gods and require five hundred points. We will enter the Demon-Killing Forest together …"
"…"
On the plaza to the right of Luo Zheng, hundreds of True Gods were shouting loudly. They were all inviting other True Gods of the same cultivation level to explore the forbidden land together.
Just like what Luo Zheng understood previously, forbidden lands were linked to points. In order to enter certain forbidden lands, one had to work hard to raise their points …
"Demon-Killing Forest, tsk tsk …" The Evil Old Man in Luo Zheng's mind revealed a look of envy. "These people can enter the Demon-Killing Forest as they wish. This world is so unfair!"
"What kind of place is the Demon-Killing Forest?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Evil Old Man replied emotionally, "It is a second-level forbidden land. However, this forbidden land is very small. Before the Demon-Killing Forest was controlled by the wealthy families, many grassroots True Gods would enter it. I was also a frequent visitor. Later on, even the Demon-Killing Forest was taken over by the wealthy families. Sigh …"
"Second-level forbidden lands. How many of these forbidden lands are there in the Divine Plane?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the Evil Old Man explained the division of forbidden lands in the Divine Plane to Luo Zheng.
After the Holy Hall was established, it had been monopolizing the resources of the entire Divine Plane. Among them, the most important were these forbidden lands.
When the Holy Hall was first established, it announced that the four forbidden lands belonged to the Holy Hall. No True God was allowed to enter without the permission of the Holy Hall!
Before this, all the forbidden lands in the Divine Plane could be entered at will.
This action caused dissatisfaction in the entire Divine Plane. However, dissatisfaction aside, who dared to challenge the authority of the Holy Hall?
In the beginning, they controlled the four forbidden lands. Later on, they controlled all the forbidden lands …
The forbidden lands in the Divine Plane were divided into six levels according to their danger level. The four forbidden lands were all level-six forbidden lands and were also the most dangerous places in the Divine Plane. These four forbidden lands were the Soul Wilderness, Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, Takixuan Forest, and the Abyss Demon Territory.
Until now, the wealthy families had explored the four forbidden lands countless times. However, they had never fully understood these forbidden lands.
If one were to explore these four forbidden lands, even a True God at the peak of the Great Circle of True Gods would perish if they were not careful!
"Takixuan Forest is also one of the four forbidden lands?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The Evil Old Man nodded. "That's right."
"Then how did you escape …"
Gu Bei's immortal abode stood in Takixuan Forest. When the immortal abode's boundary was opened, the forest had left a deep impression on Luo Zheng.
"That's because the Northern Sage's residence didn't go too deep into the forest, and we were quite lucky that day …" Old Man Malevolence still had a lingering fear in his heart at the mention of this. The ferocious creatures in the forest had swarmed into the residence as if they'd gone mad, and hadn't bothered them at all.
At this moment, someone suddenly shouted from the side of the plaza, "Don't expect to go to Buzhou Spiritual Mountain during this period of time. The Jiang family and Yu Taibai are fighting there. It's best to be careful!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up.
After entering Han Jia's floating island, Luo Zheng had been looking for such news.
However, most of the women in the Purple Soul Palace were focused on cultivation. They didn't care about the bigger picture in the Divine Plane. He didn't expect to hear news of Yu Taibai as soon as he arrived at Han Jia's Saint Emperor City!
"Yu Taibai and the Jiang family are fighting again?"
"Does Yu Taibai control Buzhou Spiritual Mountain now? With his strength alone, he dares to cause trouble for the Jiang family again and again. I wonder what he's planning …"
"Haha, if Yu Taibai really angered the Jiang family's Saint Emperor, he won't be able to escape death. After all, even Firmament Saint died!"
"Not necessarily. Yu Taibai has been operating in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain for so many years. If he really does control Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, even the Jiang family's Saint Emperor won't be able to do anything to him …"
Luo Zheng's eyes burned. He passed through the bustling crowd and walked towards the person who spoke.
This person had the cultivation of a middle true god. He wore a strangely shaped headscarf and had a kind face.
"Friend, how did Yu Taibai and the Jiang family fight? Can you tell me more about it? "Luo Zheng asked.
That person didn't notice Luo Zheng at first, but after hearing Luo Zheng's words, he casually glanced at him with a strange expression. "Proving divinity? What are you doing here? "
The true gods in this square would exchange information about the forbidden area with each other. At the same time, they would choose suitable candidates to explore the forbidden area …
Normally, proving divinity martial artists would wholeheartedly strive to prove divinity after entering the floating island. Who would have the time to come here?
"My cultivation isn't important. I want to know what you just said," Luo Zheng asked seriously.
He didn't care about Yu Taibai. Although Yu Taibai was his father's disciple, he had never met Luo Zheng. The problem was that Luo Yan was with Yu Taibai!
"Go away, what's a trifling proving divinity martial artist doing here! Go back and cultivate! "That person waved his hand impatiently, wanting to send Luo Zheng away.
"Hahaha, little guy, your cultivation is ordinary, but you like to gossip?"
"It's not easy to enter Han Jia's floating island. It's better to improve your cultivation …"
There were also a few true gods nearby who mocked Luo Zheng. They were quite surprised that a proving divinity martial artist would appear here.
"Hualala …"

Chapter 1822
The True Gods on the floating island were naturally different from the True Gods in Liuren Sacred City.
They could use their points to explore the forbidden grounds and earn Shenwu Coins. These people were much wealthier than the True Gods outside the Sea of Time.
Even so, the few hundred Shenwu Coins that Luo Zheng threw out was not a small sum to them!
They were on Han Jia Floating Island, so Luo Zheng knew that these people would not dare to act recklessly. He was in a hurry to get information about Yu Taibai and Luo Yan. What was a mere Shenwu Coin worth?
"Telling you this information, these Shenwu Coins are all mine?" The other party licked his lips.
A Proof of Divinity expert could casually throw out a few hundred Shenwu Coins. Seeing this scene, the True Gods began to guess Luo Zheng's identity. After all, they would only get a few dozen Shenwu Coins each time they explored the forbidden grounds. Even if they were especially lucky, they would only get a few hundred Shenwu Coins. Moreover, they had to risk their lives for it.
Now, just by telling this guy some information, they could earn such a large sum of money. Who wouldn't be tempted?
"Isn't it about the conflict between Yu Taibai and the Jiang Family? I know about it too. How about I tell you? "Another True God came up to him.
"Haha, Yu Taibai should be in control of Buzhou Spiritual Mountain now, right? He has the capital to fight against the Saints. They have already caused trouble for the Jiang Family a few days ago …" Another True God chimed in, but his eyes were fixed on the Shenwu Coins under Luo Zheng's feet.
Although there was a lot of Shenwu Coins, it was not enough for these True Gods to fight over them. Although there were no rules on the floating island, no one dared to act recklessly. Besides, Luo Zheng had thrown out so many Shenwu Coins in one go. Everyone suspected that he had a big background!
The matter of Yu Taibai was not a big secret. The middle True God warned everyone to be careful when they went to Buzhou Spirit Mountain. He did not expect to suddenly attract a windfall. Seeing that several other True Gods wanted to compete with him, his face suddenly changed. He immediately stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Don't listen to them. I got the news first-hand. Ordinary people don't know the inside story …"
"Take the shenwu coins. Let's talk at the side," Luo Zheng said calmly. He did not want to attract too much attention. Although he used the alias "Luo Tianxing", his surname was still Luo. If he were to ask about Luo Xiao's disciples in such a big way, it would inevitably arouse suspicion.
Although Luo Zheng was only a Proof of God martial artist, his aura did not lose to these middle True Gods at all. Money made the world go round. These middle True Gods were not disgusted by his attitude at all. Instead, they quickly picked up the Shenwu Coins on the ground and followed Luo Zheng to the side.
The remaining few Real Gods had disappointed expressions. They had lost an opportunity to make a fortune, so they were all grumbling.
"Is there something wrong with that kid?"
"He's willing to spend a few hundred shenwu coins just for some worthless information …"
"Sigh, too bad he didn't look for me."
Luo Zheng brought the middle True God to a secluded place with great difficulty. Then, he said, "You can speak now."
The middle True God laughed. "I'm very curious. You're just a Proof of God martial artist. Where did you get so many shenwu coins? Are you from the Han Family? "
"Don't ask what you shouldn't ask." Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"Digression, digression." He was afraid that he would make Luo Zheng unhappy. After all, he had taken Luo Zheng's money. Therefore, he said, "Yu Taibai made a move last time. Actually, I found it quite strange. Yu Taibai is Luo Xiao's eldest disciple. Even if he wanted to take revenge, he should look for the Mu Family. However, not long ago, Yu Taibai made a move against the Jiang Family … However, Yu Taibai did not kill anyone. At that time, the Jiang Family was sending emissaries to various universes, but those emissaries were forced back by Yu Taibai."
Luo Zheng nodded. He knew about this.
Xingwei had helped him, Hua Tianming, and the others to sneak into the divine territory to avoid the Mu Family's surveillance. As long as Jiang Yu 'er was in the Great Yan Universe, he would not be able to hide from the Jiang Family. Later, Jiang Yu' er returned to the divine territory and never appeared again.
When Luo Zheng was sneaking in, Xingwei told him that it was his eldest senior brother who had stopped the Jiang Family.
"Yu Taibai's current strength is enough to fight against a Saint?" Luo Zheng asked.
The middle-level True God looked longing. Then, he shook his head. "In terms of true strength, he is naturally inferior to a Saint. After all, a Saint created the universe. As long as the universe is not destroyed, the Saint will not die. Even Luo Xiao did not die!"
"If the Jiang Family's Saint makes a move, won't Yu Taibai be unable to deal with him?" Luo Zheng asked.
The middle-level True God looked strange. He stared at Luo Zheng and continued asking, "Do you really not know, or are you pretending not to know?"
Luo Zheng was about to shake his head when the Evil Old Man spoke in his mind. "Luo Zheng, if Yu Taibai really controls Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, he will not be afraid of a Saint. Just like Shi Xiaoqiao, she controls the Soul Wilderness. Relying on the Soul Wilderness, she is also not afraid of a Saint."
"Shi Xiaoqiao?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"The woman on the second floor of the dungeon …" The Evil Old Man was very reluctant to talk about that woman. The three of them had accompanied each other in the dungeon for several epochs. But when that woman was mentioned, the Evil Old Man still looked terrified.
Not only was Shi Xiaoqiao not afraid of a Saint, but the Saint would also be afraid of her.
Ever since Shi Xiaoqiao entered the Soul Wilderness and obtained the Momentary Silence of the Gods Staff, the Saints were no longer as arrogant as they were before.
When she first obtained this staff, Shi Xiaoqiao had used it once. It was also at that time that the entire Divine Realm, from the Saints to the Gods, had their inner worlds sealed for a breath's time!
In that breath's time, the Saints were shocked to discover that the close connection between them and the universe had strangely disappeared!
A breath's time was not long, but it could be fatal at critical moments.
The strength of Saints could often reach a delicate balance. If two Saints fought and Shi Xiaoqiao used the Momentary Silence of the Gods at the most critical moment, the result could be imagined!
Therefore, the vast majority of Saints were very wary of Shi Xiaoqiao. There were also some Saints who wanted to subdue this extraordinary woman. Unfortunately, Shi Xiaoqiao had already disappeared for nine divine epochs. She had only suddenly appeared in the Great Evolution Universe recently, which was also something that many people did not expect.
After the Evil Old Man's reminder, Luo Zheng asked again, "If Yu Taibai really isn't afraid of the Jiang Family, why did they find trouble with him this time?"
The middle-level True God chuckled. "That's the key. Most people only know what's on the surface. From what I know, although Yu Taibai has operated in Buzhou Spirit Mountain for many years, he hasn't completely controlled the mountain. The Jiang Family also learned of this secret, so they took action at the critical moment! This way, Yu Taibai might die. Not only will he die, but the descendants of the Luo Family who followed him will also die! "
"What …" Luo Zheng was startled.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the middle-level True God shook his head. "This is normal. No one who goes against the Templars has a good ending. When the Luo Family was defeated, Yu Taibai should have chosen a tree to live in. With his talent, he might even have become a Saint by now. How could he have fallen to such a state …"
The middle-level True God probably felt apologetic for taking so many Shenwu coins from Luo Zheng. While he was lamenting about this matter, Luo Zheng had already turned to leave. However, before he could take a step, he turned back and asked, "How many points does it cost to enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain?"
"Points to enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain? You want to enter? "The middle-level True God was amused.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Haha, Buzhou Spirit Mountain is a sixth-level forbidden area. Normally, it costs more than eight thousand points. Moreover, middle-level True Gods like us can only wander around Buzhou Spirit Mountain. We don't dare to enter. Even if an upper-level True God can fly, it's difficult to survive in Buzhou Spirit Mountain. As for you … it's better for you to prove your godhood first!" The middle-level True God advised.
Luo Zheng didn't take the middle-level True God's warning to heart.
His father didn't seem to have made many arrangements for him when he sent him to the divine territory. It was as if he had allowed Luo Zheng to climb up on his own. There were too many coincidences involved in this.

Chapter 1823
Han Family's floating island, Spirit Heart Palace …
Over a hundred important members of Han Family were gathered in a row in front of the palace.
Sitting at the head of the table was the current head of the Han Family, Han Tianxiao. Sitting below him was the Han Family's Second Saint, Han Jiu Yi.
Aunt Han Jiu sat on a thick blanket. She wore an elegant dress that made her look dignified and beautiful. However, her eyes wandered, seeming somewhat absent-minded.
"Aunt Han Jiu, this time it's clearly your Purple Soul Palace that's dragging us down. If our Han Family doesn't handle this well, our floating island's ranking will drop by two places," Han Tianxiao said loudly as he stared at Aunt Han Jiu. His voice was full of blame.
The entire palace was silent.
Aunt Han Jiu was the Han Family's Second Sage. Her strength was second only to the Han Family's Saint Emperor.
The head of the Han Family, Han Tianxiao, was only at the peak of the Saint Emperor. However, the Saints behind the various large families of the floating island no longer dealt with specific matters. As long as the Han Family didn't encounter a life or death crisis, the Han Family's Saint Emperor wouldn't interfere. Instead, he would leave it to the head of the family, Han Tianxiao, to handle.
However, as a member of the same family, everyone knew Aunt Han Jiu's temper. She had always been unreasonable on the floating island. Now that Han Tianxiao didn't give her any face and bluntly criticized her, no one knew how she would respond.
"If it's dropped, it's dropped. What's the big deal?" Aunt Han Jiu said indifferently.
Han Tianxiao seemed to have expected her to say this. His expression immediately became serious. "Dropping out of the top ten will cause our Han Family to lose many opportunities. Han Family's disciples will also lose even more. How can we just brush it off with a 'what's the big deal'?"
In the past, Han Tianxiao had tolerated Aunt Han Jiu, which was why he gave the Purple Soul Palace so many privileges.
If Han Family's floating island dropped by two places, it would truly be a huge blow. Han Tianxiao had specifically asked for the Saint Emperor's permission, which was why he opposed her.
Hearing this, Aunt Han Jiu shook her head. "Even so, my Purple Soul Palace is powerless. Those women's talents are originally weaker than the main family's disciples. It's not realistic to expect them to earn more points."
The Han Family Floating Island recruited martial artists based on merit, especially after going through the selection process of the Heaven-containing Palace. Almost all of them were the best Proving Divinity martial artists in the Han Family Ancestral Land. Their talents couldn't be too weak.
But Aunt Hanjiu was different. As long as one possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body and was recognized by the Dao Tablet of the Violet Cloud Divine Dao, she would accept them all.
After all, the number of people in this world who possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body was in the minority. The Purple Soul Palace could not select geniuses like the main family.
In this way, the Purple Soul Hall's overall strength was on the weaker side. They did not have an advantage in the Arena of Gods. Almost every time, the Purple Soul Hall would drag the Main House down.
Aunt Hanjiu also realized this. Although she herself was powerful, she wasn't good at managing her own disciples. She often indulged and spoiled the disciples of the Purple Soul Palace, so she had no choice but to let Granny Yue Ying go out and punish the disciples who were dragging them down …
But the ones who were dragging them down weren't the Proving Divinity martial artists. Looking at it from an overall perspective, they were missing a lot of points. So what needed to be improved was not the Proving Divinity martial artists, but the entire Purple Soul Palace.
"No, there's a way." Han Tianxiao said in front of the entire Han Family. He had already calculated all of Aunt Hanjiu's excuses. "Expel all the Proving Divinity martial artists from the Purple Soul Palace. Expel the bottom eighty percent of the True Divinities as well. That way, our Han Family will have the confidence to pull the floating island's points up at the last moment!"
The floating island's points were calculated from the entire island. If a large portion of the Purple Soul Palace's disciples were expelled and their jade tablets removed, the Purple Soul Palace's people who were dragging them down naturally wouldn't be counted. The floating island's points would immediately soar by a large amount!
"Expel eighty percent of the Purple Soul Palace's disciples!"
Aunt Hanjiu had already guessed that Han Tianxiao would want her to expel the disciples. If this was the only way, Aunt Hanjiu would have compromised. This was the Han Family after all, and she was the Han Family's secondary sage. Everything had to be done in consideration of the big picture.
But Aunt Hanjiu only wanted to expel the bottom ten percent of the disciples. She didn't expect Han Tianxiao to make such a ridiculous request. Expel all the Proving Divinity martial artists and eighty percent of the True Divinities …
This was equivalent to having her shut down the Purple Soul Palace!
Aunt Hanjiu wasn't the only one who was surprised. The important members of the Han Family were also surprised.
Aunt Hanjiu had hopes of becoming a sage. If the Han Family could have two sages, the Han Family's status would naturally soar again. Wasn't Han Tianxiao going too far by treating her like this?
"This request of yours is impossible." Aunt Hanjiu shook her head, her charming face darkening.
"This isn't my request." Han Tianxiao continued, "This is the Sage Emperor's order. If you have any objections, you can go directly to the Sage Emperor. Also, let me remind you that the Sage Emperor places great importance on this matter of the floating island's demotion. He definitely won't allow the Han Family to fall outside of its real name. There's no point in you going to the Sage Emperor … unless you can make the Purple Soul Palace's points rise every day in three months!"
The floating island rankings were calculated once a year. After three months, all the floating islands in the Sea of Time would be recalculated to determine the floating island's ranking.
Making the entire Purple Soul Palace change in three months was something even Aunt Hanjiu, a secondary sage, couldn't do. Secondary sages weren't allowed to participate in the Arena of the Gods. No matter how strong Aunt Hanjiu was, she couldn't affect the Purple Soul Palace's points …
"The Sage Emperor also said this?" Aunt Hanjiu coldly glared at Han Tianxiao. Her body suddenly floated up and disappeared. She really was going to find the Han Family's Sage Emperor to verify it …
"Master, expelling eighty percent of the Purple Soul Palace's disciples, isn't that too much?" A Han Family member asked.
The Extreme Purple Yin Body in the Purple Soul Palace wasn't easy to obtain. It was the resources that Aunt Hanjiu had accumulated over the years. Besides, the Extreme Purple Yin Body was indeed a bit weak in the beginning, but once it rose up, it would be extremely powerful. Aunt Hanjiu herself was a living exception.
"We can't wait until then." Han Tianxiao's eyes were filled with determination. "The Sage Emperor already has a new plan. We must maintain our ranking within the top ten!"
Aunt Hanjiu went to find the Han Family's Sage Emperor. Outsiders didn't know what the result was, but everyone knew that Aunt Hanjiu returned to the Purple Soul Palace and, for the first time, gathered all the disciples of the Purple Soul Palace.
In front of a large platform inside the Purple Soul Palace, all the disciples were gathered. Luo Zheng was naturally among them.
As far as the eye could see, there were probably thirty to forty thousand female disciples present.
Although Luo Zheng had heard that there were men with the Extreme Purple Yin Body in the Purple Soul Palace, Luo Zheng hadn't seen a single one of them since entering the Purple Soul Palace.
Today, after searching through the crowd for a long time, Luo Zheng finally found two "men" with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, the movements of these two men were extremely similar to women. They were like eunuchs in a mortal emperor's palace …
In short, the only real man in the entire Purple Soul Palace was probably Luo Zheng.
The thirty to forty thousand people waited here for a long time. A large door behind the platform was suddenly pushed open. A group of upper True Gods poured out. Luo Zheng saw Grandma Yue Ying and Han Meng in the middle.
These upper True Gods stood neatly on both sides of the platform.
Then, another woman walked out …
With Luo Zheng's current vision, he could clearly see the difference between lower True Gods, middle True Gods, and upper True Gods.
However, the aura emitted by these two women was unfathomable and hard to grasp in Luo Zheng's eyes!
"Is this Aunt Hanjiu?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind. "A Secondary Sage's aura is indeed extraordinary!"
Who knew that after Luo Zheng praised her, Old Man Extreme Evil couldn't help but say, "This woman isn't Aunt Hanjiu. Aunt Hanjiu is a Secondary Sage of the Han Family. Her cultivation is second only to a Sage. This woman is obviously a Perfected True God …"
"Cough cough …" Luo Zheng was slightly embarrassed.
A Perfected True God had already cultivated their own world to perfection. They only lacked nine stars to create a universe. Their strength was indeed unfathomable.
"This woman should be Aunt Hanjiu's disciple," Old Man Extreme Evil deduced.

Chapter 1824
The moment this woman appeared.
The inner worlds of all the Purple Soul Palace disciples began to tremble. Of course, other than Luo Zheng …
Aunt Hanjiu had already cultivated her Purple Cloud Divine Dao to the "Purple Sky Decimating Earth" level, so her every movement had a strong effect on the other Extreme Purple Yin Physique disciples.
Only Luo Zheng was an exception. His dantian did not move at all.
In front of the platform, there was silence.
A few well-informed female disciples had already heard the exact news.
Under Han Tianxiao's pressure, the Purple Soul Palace had no choice but to expel the majority of their disciples.
To the disciples of the Saint Royal City, this was a piece of great news.
The disciples of Saint Royal City had long been envious of the Purple Soul Palace. At the same time, they felt it was unfair. Why were those weak women of the Purple Soul Palace able to obtain more resources from the Han Clan?
But with Aunt Hanjiu's support, these disciples did not dare say anything.
Now that the clan leader had personally ordered Aunt Hanjiu to expel eighty percent of the female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace, they all felt extremely satisfied.
In the past few days, these female disciples had been ridiculed by the other disciples in the Saint Emperor City. When they first heard the news, they didn't dare to believe it. Only after a while did they believe it to be true!
Now that they saw Aunt Hanjiu's expression, they were even more certain of this matter.
Some of the women's eyes immediately turned red, as if they were about to cry …
Some of the female disciples had stayed in the Purple Soul Palace for many years. Although it was difficult for their strength to increase, they had deep feelings for the people of the Purple Soul Palace. How could they bear to leave?
That sorrowful mood spread among them. Very quickly, some people began to cry. Even Han Meng and the others on the platform were affected. Their eyes were red.
"It seems that everyone already knows." Aunt Hanjiu said softly. "The majority of you must leave within three months …"
The Saint Royal City had given a time limit of three months. When three months were up, the majority of people had to cancel their jade tablets on the floating island. These people naturally had to be expelled from the floating island!
"All of the Proof of Divinity cultivators must leave. Even the True Divinity Realm, eighty percent will be expelled …" Aunt Hanjiu said indifferently.
Luo Zheng had also heard about this matter. Now that he suddenly heard this quasi-sage announce it personally, he was also rather disappointed …
He had just entered the floating island and hadn't even had the chance to show his talent, yet he was going to be chased out?
They didn't even give him a chance. Luo Zheng naturally felt wronged. If the last 80% of the Proof of Divinity martial artists were expelled, Luo Zheng had a high chance of entering the top 20%. But Han Jia didn't even care about the Proof of Divinity martial artists. It directly killed all the Proof of Divinity martial artists in the Purple Soul Palace!
Aunty Han Jiu looked very capable. Outwardly, she was swift and decisive, but in reality, she was outwardly hard and outwardly soft. Although the expulsion of the Purple Soul Palace disciples didn't affect Aunty Han Jiu much, she still felt very pained.
But she had already argued with the Saint King once. This time, the Saint King's attitude was very clear. He didn't care what method Han Jiu used. As long as the Han Clan's floating island remained within the top ten, the female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace would be safe.
But this was an almost impossible mission. How could Aunty Han Jiu greatly increase the strength of the Purple Soul Palace disciples in such a short time?
Just as the girls were in grief, Luo Zheng suddenly took a deep breath and stood out …
Luo Zheng was a mere Proof of Divinity martial artist. It was clearly inappropriate for him to stand out in this kind of situation. And he didn't have the Extreme Purple Yin Body. He was more like an outsider than everyone else. So this Luo Zheng mustered up great courage.
"Honorable Master, I want to know how our Purple Soul Palace can survive this calamity!" Luo Zheng said clearly, as if he was throwing caution to the wind.
To the side, Grandma Yue Ying suddenly took a few steps forward. Just as she was about to scold him, Aunty Han Jiu reached out and gently stopped him. A kind expression appeared on her face as she smiled faintly. "You're the person Han Meng brought back from the ancestral land not long ago?"
Although Aunty Han Jiu didn't remember his name, she at least remembered that there was someone like him in the Purple Soul Palace. At the same time, Luo Zheng said, "I'm called Luo Tianxing."
Aunty Han Jiu nodded and continued to say, "Of course there is a way. I've calculated that in a short three months, each of you will have to win four matches in a row in the Arena of Gods. Is this possible?"
Having one of them win four matches in a row wasn't difficult.
But having thirty thousand people each win four matches in a row was somewhat inconceivable. It was simply an impossible mission. Everyone present couldn't help but sigh in their hearts when they heard their Honorable Master's words.
But at this time, Luo Zheng continued to ask, "What if we can do it? Will everyone be able to stay in the Purple Soul Palace? "
Hearing Luo Zheng's rhetorical question, Aunty Han Jiu smiled bitterly. As expected, the ignorant were fearless. She didn't know the difficulty of this at all. But Aunty Han Jiu still nodded. "In theory, it is indeed so …"
"There's still three months. Why don't we strive towards this goal?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light as he asked again. His tone was aggressive, as if he was blaming Aunty Han Jiu.
Although Luo Zheng was only a Proof of Divinity expert, when these words came out of his mouth, everyone felt their hearts heat up. What he said was right. This goal might be an impossible goal, but it didn't mean they should give up now!
"We can give it a try!"
"Although the chances are small, giving up like this is too unreconciled!"
"We … won't be a burden to Han Jia!"
"There's still time. We can work hard!"
Luo Zheng's words quickly resonated. The women present couldn't help but become restless.
Originally, everyone here had sunk into sorrow. But because Luo Zheng stood up and interrogated them, the fire in their hearts was ignited!
Looking at the hustle and bustle below, Aunty Han Jiu's charming eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng. Her eyes were full of admiration. At the same time, she thought to herself, "What a powerful little fellow …"
If it was an ordinary person who wanted to stir up depressed emotions, it wouldn't be an easy task.
Luo Zheng faced her without the slightest fear …
A Proof of Divinity expert dared to interrogate a quasi-sage. When had this ever happened on the floating island?
Since such a thing had happened, then it wasn't impossible for the Purple Soul Palace to raise their ranking in three months and reach the level of the main house disciples!
This was the effect of Luo Zheng's words!
"Since these little fellows are so crazy, I'll accompany you all this once …" Aunty Han Jiu thought to herself. Then she said, "Since that's the case, I announce that the Purple Soul Palace has entered a special period. During this period of time, the Purple Soul Palace will provide unlimited support to all disciples!"
After Aunty Han Jiu's words, the scene became even more heated. Luo Zheng took advantage of the chaos and quietly hid in the crowd. Only Aunty Han Jiu had unparalleled insight. She noticed Luo Zheng's actions, and in the depths of her eyes, there was a faint trace of doubt.
A few days later …
Luo Zheng quietly found a piece of Pantheon Jade Annulus. Below it, there were hundreds of people sitting cross-legged. Their bodies were completely immersed in the Arena of Deities. They were all focused on killing in the Arena of Deities, hoping to earn more points in a short period of time.
Many people were disgusted with the Arena of Deities. Other than completing the three matches set every month, they generally wouldn't step into the Arena of Deities again.
But now, in order to "save themselves", the disciples of the Purple Soul Palace could only frantically increase their points and rankings in the Arena of Deities!
For a time, the Pantheon Jade Annulus in the Purple Soul Palace was packed with people!
"I won another victory today. It's already two consecutive victories!"
"Be careful. When you win two consecutive battles, the opponent you meet in the next match will definitely not be weak!"
"Mm, I know!"
The rules of the Arena of Deities were very fair. If you continued to win consecutive battles, the opponents you met would only become stronger and stronger.
Luo Zheng waited for a long time. Finally, a woman put away her jade tablet and left the Arena of Deities. On her jade tablet, it showed that she had two more victories. Normally, people who won two consecutive battles would take a good rest before facing the third battle.
After the woman left, Luo Zheng placed his jade tablet into the groove below. The woman was a lower True God. She was still immersed in the joy of two consecutive victories. She looked at the jade tablet with a somewhat absent-minded expression. After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation was one level lower than hers.

Chapter 1825
During this period of time, Luo Zheng's winning streak had quietly increased by 26 matches.
According to the rules of the arena, the points gained from continuous winning streaks would be terrifying!
When Luo Zheng defeated Tang Yu in the first match, he only gained one point. But Luo Zheng won 120 points in the 26th match. Now, Luo Zheng's total points had reached a terrifying 2,200 points.
When a Proof God martial artist fought another Proof God martial artist to determine the victor, the most one could gain was three to six points. The reason why Luo Zheng was able to accumulate such a ridiculous amount of points was because he was in a state of continuous winning streak.
Although the woman behind Luo Zheng was a lower True Divinity, she had only accumulated 800 points. So when she saw Luo Zheng's winning streak and Luo Zheng's points, she felt as if everything was unreal.
The woman originally wanted to rest, but now she didn't want to leave. She wanted to see how this boy had accumulated over 2,000 points.
Generally speaking, a Proof God martial artist's points ranged from 0 to 600 points. A lower True Divinity's points ranged from 600 to 2,000 points. A middle True Divinity's points ranged from 2,000 to 8,000 points. The points of an upper True Divinity and a Great Perfection True Divinity's points were extremely ridiculous. Some Great Perfection True Divinities' points could reach hundreds of thousands, or even millions …
In the past, there were many geniuses from rich and powerful families who entered the Arena of Gods for the first time. They also used the method of winning streaks to rapidly accumulate points. Take Luo Zheng for example. After winning 26 matches in a row, the additional points he received were comparable to some middle True Divinities!
However, this kind of accumulation of points was very "virtual". This was because after winning streaks, one only needed to lose one match to lose a large amount of points. And in the Arena of Gods, no one could guarantee that they would never lose. Soon, such a person's points would slowly return to normal.
Luo Zheng didn't know that his points had attracted the attention of others. After activating his jade card, his entire person sank into the Divine Jade Wall!
"Ru Meng, what are you looking at?"
A woman beside her noticed her strange actions and asked curiously.
The woman called Ru Meng pointed blankly in front of Luo Zheng. The woman looked over and was immediately stunned. "My God, 26 consecutive wins, more than 2000 points!"
For a Proof of Divinity martial artist to have over 2000 points was indeed a very shocking matter. Moreover, Luo Zheng had just entered the Purple Soul Palace not long ago. Proof of Divinity martial artists like him had only accumulated a few dozen points!
Because of this woman's exclamation, it attracted even more people's attention. Therefore, even more people gathered behind Luo Zheng to "admire" Luo Zheng's almost abnormal battle record!
"Two thousand points is indeed a lot, but these points are just for show!"
Someone pointed this out. After all, the rules of the Arena of Gods were no secret on the floating island.
"Yes, because he hasn't tasted defeat yet, the points awarded for winning streaks are especially high. Once he loses, he will lose most of his points, and then he will be included in the rankings."
"I'm curious as to how long his winning streak will last. Logically speaking, the opponents he's facing now shouldn't be too weak!"
Even though Luo Zheng's points were so high, it didn't attract much attention in the entire Arena of Gods. The reason was simple: Luo Zheng still didn't have a ranking!
According to the rules of the Arena of Gods, continuous wins couldn't be included in the rankings. Luo Zheng hadn't lost yet, so the rankings of the Proof of Divinity martial artists didn't include him. Most people also didn't know that there was a Proof of Divinity martial artist in the Purple Soul Palace who had won 26 consecutive matches and accumulated over 2000 points …
At the current stage, Luo Zheng's opponents were already considered the top existences among the Proof of Divinity martial artists. There were almost no weaklings. Just based on Luo Zheng's current strength, it was almost impossible for the Proof of Divinity martial artists to contend with him. Therefore, Luo Zheng was still able to maintain a crushing momentum!
The 27th match …
"26 consecutive victories! Over 2000 points. Tsk tsk tsk. If I win against you, my points will double in one go, right? "A figure slowly descended from mid-air, dragging out his voice as he laughed lightly.
Luo Zheng's opponent looked to be around 26 or 27 years old. He had a pair of slender eyebrows and looked very delicate. However, between his eyebrows, there was a faint evil aura.
"Your surname is Mu? You're from the Mu Family? " In the previous matches, Luo Zheng rarely tried to find out about his opponent's information. However, this time, he took the initiative to ask.
This youth named Mu Chen had already won six consecutive matches and had accumulated over 1200 points. He was already an extremely outstanding existence among the Proof of Divinity martial artists. According to Luo Zheng's inference, Mu Chen should be a relatively important person in the Mu Family.
"I'm very curious. Since you're able to win 26 consecutive matches, why don't you know that I'm Mu Chen?" Mu Chen stared at Luo Zheng with a trace of dissatisfaction in his eyes. It seemed that Luo Zheng not knowing of his existence was a huge sin!
"Now I know," Luo Zheng replied with an indifferent expression. Because of Mu Haiji, he didn't have any good feelings towards the Mu Family. However, Luo Zheng wouldn't reveal his feelings here. His current goal was to earn more points.
"It's good that you know," Mu Chen laughed mischievously. Like a gust of wind, he floated towards Luo Zheng. With a light wave of his hands, two dim short swords fluttered out from between his hands. With a strange and tricky angle, they swept towards Luo Zheng's neck.
Since Luo Zheng won 20 consecutive matches, the opponents he encountered weren't simple.
Although these opponents hadn't proven their Divine Way or condensed their Divine Spark, they either possessed extremely powerful martial skills or could use their Divine Way Dao to the limit. In terms of strength alone, they had far surpassed the Realm Masters that Luo Zheng had come into contact with in the Great Yan Universe!
When Luo Zheng had just entered the Divine Realm, the Realm Masters that he had encountered were weak, almost causing Luo Zheng to be taken aback. However, these peak Proof of Divinity martial artists that he had encountered on the floating island had gradually changed Luo Zheng's impression. These Proof of Divinity martial artists were far more powerful than Luo Zheng had imagined. At the very least, they possessed strength and talent that weren't inferior to the "Dao Children".
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's current strength couldn't be compared to the past. No matter how powerful these Proof of Divinity martial artists were, it was difficult for them to be his opponent …
Facing Mu Chen's two short swords that strangled towards him from the left and right, Luo Zheng actually didn't dodge. Instead, he rushed towards them!
"You're really confident, ah. It seems like you're only so-so …" Mu Chen cracked a smile.
At the same time, the two short swords in his hands suddenly began to dance rapidly. The originally dim short swords released a dazzling silver light at this moment. These silver lights constantly intertwined and spiraled, wanting to forcefully twist Luo Zheng's head in!
Silver Scale Twisting Slash …
This was a killing technique that Mu Haiji had created himself.
True Gods naturally didn't need this kind of martial skill. They could just use their Divine Way. The reason why Mu Haiji had created this set of martial skills was for Mu Chen!
Even Mu Chen's two-handed short swords were personally ordered by Mu Haiji. The short sword in his left hand was called "White Coat", and the short sword in his right hand was called "Silver Scale". These two short swords were grandmist treasures that were tailor-made for Mu Chen. From this, one could see how much Mu Haiji loved Mu Chen!
Mu Chen had also fought over a thousand battles in the Arena of Myriad Gods. He was the same as Luo Zheng. When he had just entered the Arena of Myriad Gods, he had experienced a continuous winning streak. He had won a total of "twenty-one battles" in a row and had only obtained his ranking after losing twenty-two battles.
In these over a thousand battles, none of the opponents who had been caught in the Silver Scale Twisting Slash had been lucky enough to escape.
Therefore, when Mu Chen saw that Luo Zheng didn't dodge, contempt immediately appeared in his eyes. If this Luo Tianxing was knowledgeable enough, he would know the power of this Silver Scale Twisting Slash. He wouldn't stand there like a dumb chicken and let himself be twisted.
However, just as the silver light that Mu Chen brandished was one foot away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng finally moved.
His figure was filled with tenacity at this moment. He instantly moved to the back. At the same time, he suddenly spread out his hands and grabbed at the constantly spinning white light!
"Ding, ding, ding, ding!"
The white light slashed at Luo Zheng's hands, producing crisp sounds. Although the short swords were extremely sharp, when they slashed at Luo Zheng's body, it was like slashing at an indestructible treasure. The Silver Scale Twisting Slash only left a few white marks on Luo Zheng's hands.
Luo Zheng blocked the two spinning short swords. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng also grabbed Mu Chen's hands …
Mu Chen didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be able to break his Silver Scale Twisting Slash with such a simple and overbearing method. Mu Chen's face was still in a daze.

Chapter 1826
Luo Zheng didn't give Mu Chen any time to react.
What he wanted was to end this fight cleanly and cleanly ….
The martial arts techniques that Mu Chen used were indeed profound and extraordinary. If Luo Zheng wanted to use clever techniques to break them apart, it would be impossible.
As the saying went, one person could defeat ten people. This was still applicable even in the divine territory.
Using his tyrannical body to forcefully break apart the opponent's martial arts techniques, then using absolute power to suppress the opponent. If necessary, Luo Zheng would supplement it with soul attacks. With his current strength, it would be bullying to fight against a Proof God expert.
In fact, in the Great Yan Universe, Luo Zheng could barely fight against Mu Han and the others.
Although Mu Han's cultivation was at the lower level of a True God, as Mu Haiji's disciple, his true strength was comparable to an intermediate True God!
In other words, with Luo Zheng's current strength, to a certain extent, he could fight against an ordinary intermediate True God …
At the current stage, Luo Zheng still didn't have the motivation to challenge those of a higher level. He realized that after consecutive victories, the points awarded were more than he imagined. Earning points at the Proof God level in the Arena of Gods seemed like a good choice.
The moment Luo Zheng grabbed Mu Chen's hands, a vast amount of power poured out, forming a powerful tearing force. It didn't allow for any resistance and cruelly tore Mu Chen into two pieces …
In the battle with Mu Chen, Luo Zheng won.
After winning this battle, Luo Zheng didn't think too much and directly left the Arena of Gods.
He didn't expect that as soon as he left the Arena of Gods, he would be frightened by the black mass of people behind him …
Behind him, there were hundreds of beautiful women of all shapes and sizes watching. It seemed like they were all watching him. At the same time, there were many people whispering in low voices.
"Twenty-seven consecutive victories …"
"His current opponent should be the most powerful Proof God experts of the various large Families."
"His points are rising so quickly. He actually gained more than two hundred points from this battle!"
In the eyes of these female disciples, Luo Zheng, who didn't have the Extreme Purple Yin Body, was originally an incomprehensible anomaly in the Purple Soul Palace. Not long ago, he had jumped out to encourage everyone when their master was speaking. Now, they realized that this guy's true strength was terrifying.
However, he did not know how long his winning streak would last.
Luo Zheng also realized that the battle with Mu Chen just now had directly increased his points by 240 points. If he continued to win like this, to what extent would his points increase?
Luo Zheng didn't pay too much attention to the hundreds of girls watching from behind. Instead, he continued to immerse himself in the Arena of Gods …
Among the wealthy families of the floating islands, there were people who were monitoring the movements of the Pantheon Jade Wall!
For example, if someone's ranking suddenly shot up during a certain period of time, all the rich and powerful families would pay close attention to it.
However, they were all observing according to the rankings on the Pantheon Jade Wall!
At this stage, among all the Proof of Divinity cultivators, the first was Jiang Family's Jiang Wenxuan, the second was Han Family's Han Chuyue, and the third was Lei Family's Lei Huohuo. Mu Chen, who had fought with Luo Zheng earlier, was previously ranked sixth. However, after being defeated by Luo Zheng, his points had decreased by another chunk, and his ranking had dropped from seventh to twelfth.
If Luo Zheng originally had a ranking, according to his current points, he would probably instantly surpass the first ranked Jiang Wenxuan.
However, Luo Zheng had fought 27 consecutive battles without a single defeat. According to the rules of the Arena of Gods, there was no way to list out the rankings. Hence, Luo Zheng was like an invisible person, constantly accumulating points without attracting too much attention.
Only those who had been defeated by Luo Zheng muttered. These people also had a continuous winning streak, and they felt that sooner or later, someone would defeat Luo Zheng. At that time, Luo Zheng's points would return to normal …
However, Luo Zheng's winning streak had never been stopped.
On that day, Luo Zheng won another three battles, accumulating a total of 31 victories, and his points also shot towards 3000 points.
In this way, Luo Zheng's target of 8000 points was not far away. Of course, the premise was that Luo Zheng kept winning. As long as he lost a battle, he could lose more than 90% of his points!
Just as everyone was working hard to accumulate points, the Purple Soul Palace once again announced the rewards for this time's Arena of Gods ranking!
Seeing everyone in the Purple Soul Palace doing their best to increase their points, Aunt Han Jiu was naturally very gratified. Everyone was working so hard, so she naturally had to take out some good things. Aunt Han Jiu had been the Han Family's secondary saint for so many years, so she naturally had many good things …
Luo Zheng also went to take a look. Aunt Han Jiu's rewards were not bad. Among them was a silver spider silk sword that was very eye-catching. Luo Zheng was very happy. According to Aunt Han Jiu's announcement, these treasures would be distributed according to how many points one gained. The person who earned the most points in three months would be the first to pick, and so on.
If Luo Zheng maintained his winning streak, his chances of being the first to pick a reward would be very high.
Following Aunt Han Jiu's announcement of the rewards, the Han Family also announced the rewards for this time's Arena of Gods!
It seemed like this time's Floating Island ranking was very important to the Han Family. Aunt Han Jiu's side took out treasures to encourage the Purple Soul Palace's female disciples, and the Han Family's side took out even more treasures as rewards.
Luo Zheng was curious and also went to the Saint Emperor City to take a look. While he was there, Luo Zheng's attention was attracted by one of the treasures.
No matter how rich Aunt Han Jiu was, she couldn't compare to the Han Family's main family!
This time, the main family could be considered to have put in a lot of capital. In order to raise the Floating Island's ranking, the Han Family was willing to sacrifice the Purple Soul Palace and take out the family's precious treasures.
Just the grade-grade grandmist treasures alone numbered more than thirty, and they were arranged in a row in the huge hall.
Almost all the True Gods who had entered the main hall had greed and shock in their eyes. However, these grandmist treasures weren't anything good in some people's eyes … For example, Luo Zheng didn't have much interest in them.
From the moment he entered the hall, his gaze was fixed on the highest point of the hall.
There were five treasures arranged in a row there. They were a jade sword, a pair of scissors, a mirror, and a palm-sized cauldron. At the center of the five treasures was a copper lion statue!
These five treasures all exuded a strange power. Everyone who stood below them felt even more shocked.
"No wonder the Saint Emperor requested for the Purple Soul Palace to be disbanded. In order to raise everyone's ranking, the Saint Emperor has really put in a lot of capital!"
"Is there a need to change some of the floating island's policies? In the past, the Han Family didn't pay much attention to the rankings …"
"The Guang Ling Mirror … I've always dreamed of having this treasure. I didn't expect the main family to be willing to take it out as a reward!"
Many middle True Gods and even upper True Gods stared at the five treasures with drool dripping down their faces.
However, what attracted Luo Zheng wasn't the five treasures themselves.
The copper lion statue at the center of the hall was crouching on a huge tray. The tray was about a zhang wide, and it was greenish-gray in color. From the looks of it, it was extremely old!
Although Luo Zheng didn't recognize the material of the tray, the world in his body accurately reflected a strong desire for the first time. It also allowed Luo Zheng to determine that the tray was made of that special mud!
Being unable to condense a godhead had always been Luo Zheng's sore point.
Although Luo Zheng had managed to grasp a chance in Six Ren Divine City by coincidence, he had almost lost his life in that strange cave. Wanting to find that special mud again was too difficult.
Luo Zheng felt extremely depressed in the depths of his heart. If he couldn't find that special mud, his cultivation would always be stuck at the World Lord Realm.
Who would have thought that he would be able to find it here! Although Luo Zheng was excited, he could only thank the God of Fate for his favor.
However, the status of these five treasures was originally above the thirty-plus grandmist treasures. Moreover, the copper lion statue was the head of the five treasures. The conditions to obtain the copper lion statue were probably quite harsh!
"Senior, may I know what conditions are required to obtain the main family's reward this year? For example, the copper lion statue at the top … "Luo Zheng raised his head and asked a middle True God beside him.

Chapter 1827
The disciples of Saint Emperor City also understood that while Han Jia was showing a certain level of sincerity, this' sincerity 'wasn't something they could grasp.
The disciples of Han Jia's floating island also had differences in rank and status. According to their birth, they could be divided into four classes.
The disciples of the floating island with a different surname were ranked fourth. Luo Zheng was probably one of them, but his situation was a little more special.
The third class were the disciples of the Han Family's side branches. Regardless of whether it was strength or talent, the difference between them and the disciples of the Han Family wasn't that great. However, their surname still had the word 'Han' in it. As the main branch of the Han Family, they would naturally be taken care of.
The ordinary disciples of the main branch of the Han Family belonged to the second class. These disciples of the main branch were born on the floating island and grew up there. Unfortunately, their talent was average, and their strength was too weak. The Han Family could only use a certain amount of resources to ensure that these disciples didn't fall behind. No matter what, they were still on the same side.
The first class were naturally the elites of the Han Family!
These people were the geniuses of the Han Family. Practically all the resources and effort were poured into them. As the elites of the next generation of the Han Family, they carried the hopes of the entire Han Family to a certain extent.
For example, there was Han Cangyan, who had been in the limelight these past few years, and Han Liusu, who had just become a lower true god.
Normally, these people rarely showed themselves, but in the Arena of Gods, they weren't the least bit careless. Among those at the same level, they were all ranked at the very top. Although this group of people didn't make up much of the Han Family, their points would often have a decisive impact on the floating island's ranking!
That middle-level True God explained very clearly that although these five treasures were the best of the best, the ordinary disciples on the floating island could only look at them and drool. In the future, those who could take out these treasures were destined to be the elite disciples of the main family. Only those monstrous geniuses would be able to accumulate enough points in a short period of time.
"Whether or not I have the qualifications, there needs to be a fair rule, right?" Luo Zheng asked with clear eyes.
Luo Zheng was very clear that there was no such thing as absolute fairness in this world. There was a huge gap between the strength of the Han Family disciples. These treasures could be fought for by anyone on the surface, but there were only a few people who had the strength to meet the requirements …
The middle-level True God glanced at Luo Zheng. He felt that Luo Zheng, a mere Proof God martial artist, was overestimating himself. Hence, he reported Han Jia's requirements. "The next 30 treasures require an increase of fifteen thousand points within three months. The five treasures above require fifty thousand points." Halfway through his sentence, he continued, "Based on the number of points a Proof God martial artist earns for winning a battle, if you wish to obtain one of the 30 treasures below, you would need to win around five thousand battles. If it's one of the five treasures above, you would need to win around fifteen thousand battles. Hehe …"
He originally thought that the number he gave would make Luo Zheng's face change.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng's expression remained as calm as water. There was no change in his expression. He only nodded slightly.
A Proof God martial artist would only obtain the most basic three points in a battle. However, Luo Zheng had maintained a winning streak. The additional points accumulated would become more and more terrifying. If Luo Zheng worked harder, it was still possible for him to win 15,000 points.
However, his goal was one of the five treasures, the "Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Luan Statue." More accurately, what he needed was the huge tray below the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Luan Statue. He wasn't too interested in the statue itself.
However, it would still be difficult for Luo Zheng to obtain 50,000 points in a short period of time …
At this moment, many people rushed in from the side of the hall.
These people were surrounded by guards in golden armor. Clearly, their status was not ordinary!
"Elder sister, elder sister, look! This time, father is finally willing to take out the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Luan Statue! " A girl who looked to be seventeen or eighteen years old was jumping up and down. She pointed at the treasures above the hall and said.
"This voice …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose slightly. His gaze focused slightly. He recognized the girl in front of him. She was Han Chuyue, whom he had met in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
This Han Chuyue was now a Proof God martial artist. Back in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, her strength was still relatively weak. However, she was now one of the most outstanding Proof God martial artists!
Beside Han Chuyue was Han Liusu.
The current Han Liusu looked much thinner. Her original cheerful and enthusiastic appearance had completely disappeared. All that was left was a melancholy expression. However, she had already proven her Divine Dao. Although she was only a Lower True God, her aura was abnormally strong. Luo Zheng felt that she was probably stronger than Mu Han, Mu Jiu, and Mu Tian.
Meeting the two Han Jia sisters here, Luo Zheng was very surprised. However, he had no intention of going forward to greet them.
In fact, Luo Zheng had asked the Extreme Evil Old Man to teach him how to change his appearance so that the two girls would not recognize him after he went to Han Jia's floating island.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the two Han Jia sisters had helped him solve his doubts about his origins. They were clear about his origins. If he were to rashly reveal his identity to them, it would bring about a lot of trouble.
It was not that Luo Zheng did not trust the two sisters. In fact, the two sisters were very loyal to each other. Luo Zheng's actions were like gauging the heart of a gentleman with one's own yardstick. However, right now, Luo Zheng had no choice but to be cautious.
"The Eldest Princess has graced us with her presence. Everyone else must leave the hall!" A guard loudly berated.
Luo Zheng also quietly sized up the guards. He did not see "He Zuowei" in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Presumably, the group of guards from Han Jia had always been in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement …
When everyone heard "The Eldest Princess has arrived," they could not help but be slightly surprised. The true gods in the hall naturally knew that these women were not ordinary people. However, they did not expect them to be the Eldest Princess of Han Jia.
"Let's go. There's nothing else to see here. Look, the elites of the main family have already reserved these treasures." The middle true god beside Luo Zheng shook his head. He even patted Luo Zheng's shoulder kindly, indicating that Luo Zheng should leave.
"Alright," Luo Zheng replied and was about to turn around and leave. At this moment, a clear and melodious female voice resounded, "Luo Tianxing! Wait a moment! "
When Luo Zheng heard this voice, he was slightly stunned. He turned his head and looked over. Originally, other than the two Han Jia sisters, there was also a little girl in green. It was the little girl he met on the day of the examination in the Heavenly Court.
At that time, the old man beside the little girl had only flashed a small jade sword. Everyone in the Heavenly Court had sunk into silence, keeping the identity of this little girl a secret.
Using the Extreme Evil Old Man's disguise technique, Luo Zheng's facial muscles and bones shifted. His appearance was completely different from before. The two Han Jia sisters did not recognize him, but the little girl in green had seen him once during the examination in the Heavenly Court. Naturally, she recognized him now.
The guards in charge of clearing the area also blocked Luo Zheng's path. When the little girl in green saw Luo Zheng, she was very happy. She then turned her head to Han Chuyue and laughed. "I already said that I did not make it up. A powerful monster has appeared in the Heavenly Court. He will come to our floating island sooner or later!"
After saying this, the little girl in green quickly ran over to Luo Zheng, her face filled with excitement.
"Luo Tianxing, since you passed the Heavenly Court's examination, why didn't Saint Emperor City send anyone to receive you?" the little girl in green suddenly asked.
This little girl in green held a high position in the Han Jia. Naturally, she had many conveniences. She knew that the Heavenly Court had already recommended Luo Tianxing to the floating island. Luo Tianxing would come to the floating island sooner or later. However, she did not expect that something would go wrong. Because of the conflict between Han Yaozhi and Han Daozhi, Luo Zheng was sent to the Purple Soul Palace in the end.
This was why the little girl in green had not heard any news of Luo Tianxing entering Saint Emperor City. This made her feel very strange.
The little girl in green had a good relationship with Han Chuyue and Han Liusu. However, these elites of the Han Jia were not only good friends, but also competitors. When the two Han Jia sisters entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement and encountered Luo Zheng, it led to a series of fortuitous encounters. When the two sisters returned to the floating island, they told this story to the little girl in green.
The little girl in green had heard about how Luo Zheng dominated the Zhen Yuan from the beginning to the end, how he defeated a group of elites from rich families alone, and how he made Qin Tianze suffer a great loss. She was both envious and curious about how the two sisters met such a strange person in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.

Chapter 1828
After Han Chuyue and Han Liusu returned from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they had been worried about Luo Zheng.
Han Liusu had even used her connections to inquire about the Great Yan Universe through the Jiang Family!
If it was in the past, Han Liusu would have been able to do so. After all, Han Liusu's position in the Han Family was quite high. The Saint Emperor's eldest daughter could have used the Jiang Family to investigate, but this time, she found nothing.
Because the Jiang Family had also lost control of the Great Yan Universe, the reason was naturally because of Yu Taibai.
Helpless, Han Liusu could only give up. She couldn't personally go to the Great Yan Universe, and her father would definitely not agree.
Previously, when she heard about Luo Tianxing from Han Biluo, she was slightly curious.
After the Luo Family was eradicated, there were fewer and fewer geniuses with the surname Luo. It was unavoidable that a genius with the surname Luo would suddenly appear. Moreover, if Luo Zheng really came to the Divine Realm, he definitely wouldn't use his real name.
But thinking about it, the Divine Realm was so big. Luo Zheng just happened to come to the Han Family's ancestral land, passed the Heavenly Palace's examination, and met Han Biluo in the Heavenly Palace. Han Biluo just happened to want to show off to her, and that person just happened to be Luo Zheng?
Was this possible? The probability of this happening was so small that it was negligible. After understanding this, Han Liusu didn't pay much attention to it.
As for Han Biluo, this was just a spur of the moment, completely out of her competitive nature. She had inquired about Luo Tianxing several times in the Saint Emperor City, but after failing to find anything, she simply gave up.
Until today, when she, Han Liusu, and Han Chuyue came together to observe the rewards given by her father, they just happened to meet Luo Tianxing.
Han Liusu was also quietly sizing up Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng's appearance was completely different, and his aura was much stronger than before, Han Liusu still faintly felt that he was very familiar. It was this familiarity that made Han Liusu very confused. This was clearly the first time she had met this person, so why did he give her such a familiar feeling?
"I didn't join the Saint Emperor City." Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I joined the Purple Soul Palace."
"Purple … Purple Soul Palace." The corners of Han Bi Luo's mouth twitched as a strange smile appeared on her face, "How did you end up joining the Purple Soul Palace? I've heard that the Purple Soul Palace has men, but those men are all like women …"
Not far away, Han Chuyue also bounced over. She was about the same age as Han Biluo, so she also found it very amusing. "Biluo, is this the genius surnamed Luo from the Heaven Containing Mansion you were talking about? ... he doesn't have the Extreme Purple body? Purple Palace..........
. "Seeing the two girls laughing in front of him, Luo Zheng's face was full of helplessness." There's nothing to laugh about. Although I don't have the Extreme Purple Yin body, I can be recognized by the Purple Clouds Divine Dao. "Saying this, he lightly flicked his hand. A wisp of dark purple Qi revolved around Luo Zheng, from that Qi came a profound Dao.
Not far away, Han Liusu saw this scene and her eyes were full of surprise. She lightly asked, "The Purple Clouds Divine Dao uses Yin Qi to merge with the void. Only by using all one's strength can one master it. You can't understand these two points, but you can directly comprehend the Dao of the Purple Clouds Divine Dao. How did you do it?"
After a few years, Han Liusu had become more mature and melancholy. She also had the aura of someone who had been in a high position for a long time. When she opened her mouth to speak to Luo Zheng, she naturally had a commanding tone. This was also due to her position.
"Forgive me for not being able to reveal it," Luo Zheng directly refused.
Han Liusu didn't say anything, but the expression of the guard beside her had already darkened. This guard was an upper true god. Not only did he act as Han Liusu's personal guard, but he also had a very high position in Han Jia. Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, he coldly shouted, "Eldest Princess asked a question. How can you refuse?"
Although the other party was an upper true god and had an overbearing attitude, Luo Zheng still calmly replied, "I'm only joining Han Jia's floating island. I didn't sell my entire body to Han Jia, did I?"
This was the truth. The various large floating island clans didn't overly restrict their own disciples. Generally, they didn't have too many restrictions on disciples with other surnames.
However, in order to curry favor with these clans, countless disciples with other surnames were naturally extremely polite. There were even some who flattered them, hoping to make them happy in exchange for some opportunities and benefits.
However, this was what Luo Zheng didn't care about the most!
To Luo Zheng, Han Jia's floating island was just a passageway. Since it required eight thousand points to enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Luo Zheng would obediently accumulate eight thousand points. He didn't want to ask for help from others.
When the upper true god heard Luo Zheng's answer, he became even angrier. "You've got guts-"
"Say no more, Uncle Gong," Han Liusu calmly said.
When Han Liusu stopped him, this upper true god called "Uncle Gong" finally shut his mouth. He glared fiercely at Luo Zheng before retreating to the side.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, the confusion on Han Liusu's face gradually dissipated. In reality, the confusion in her heart was growing stronger.
Whether it was appearance or voice, this guy in front of her was completely different from Luo Zheng. However, this Luo Tianxing's nature was almost exactly the same as Luo Zheng's. She might not have seen any flaws, but a woman's unique intuition was constantly guiding her.
Previously, she was just a little curious about the familiarity Luo Tianxing's temperament gave her, but now she was trying to prove that "Luo Tianxing is Luo Zheng", trying to prove that "Luo Zheng is pretending not to know them".
Thinking of this, a trace of craftiness appeared in her eyes. She turned to Han Chuyue and asked, "Chuyue, didn't Bi Luo say before that there's a Proof of Divinity martial artist stronger than you?"
Han Chuyue's talent was even greater than Han Liusu's. Although she was only a Proof of Divinity martial artist, she was already second in the Arena of Gods. She was only second to the Jiang family's Jiang Wenxuan!
If the floating island could represent the highest standard in the Realm of Gods, then Han Chuyue's strength, in theory, was ranked second among all the Proof of Divinity martial artists in the Realm of Gods. This was already a considerable talent.
Han Bi Luo had indeed said something similar before, but Han Chuyue's temper was a little rash. She was not as meticulous and sensitive as Han Liusu. She had long forgotten about this matter. Han Chuyue did not see anything special about Luo Tianxing, and could not link Luo Tianxing to Luo Zheng.
However, when she suddenly heard her sister's question, she suddenly remembered. She clapped her hands together, "Oh right! Bi Luo, weren't you bragging about this guy's strength every day? You even said he was stronger than me? Now that we have the chance, let's exchange pointers once! Quick! Right here! "
Han Chuyue had the personality of doing whatever she wanted. She actually planned to exchange pointers with Luo Zheng here.
If Han Chuyue knew that Luo Zheng was Luo Tianxing, she definitely would not have made this choice. Although Han Chuyue's personality was a little rash, her brain was still top notch. After the two sisters of the Han family returned, they had secretly analyzed Luo Zheng's background. They had even secretly peeked at some historical materials that ordinary people would not have access to!
The more the two sisters looked, the more shocked they became. Only then did they decide to quietly hide this secret in the depths of their hearts.
However, Han Chuyue's understanding of Luo Zheng's background, as well as his true background, was much clearer. She naturally understood that she was definitely not Luo Zheng's opponent.
However, Han Chuyue did not think so much. Just now, under Han Liusu's provocation, she had exchanged blows with Luo Zheng. At the same time, Han Liusu could also use this opportunity to see some clues from "Luo Tianxing".

Chapter 1829
If he really wanted to deal with Han Chuyue, he had to hide some of his methods, otherwise it would be easy to see through him.
However, Han Liusu's thoughts were the same as Luo Zheng's. In her memory, Luo Zheng's strength far exceeded those of the same level, but he didn't have many tricks up his sleeves. The current Han Chuyue was no longer the same as before. If he wanted to hide his methods in front of her, even Luo Zheng would find it difficult to do so.
Luo Zheng and Han Liusu's thoughts were constantly spinning.
However, the battle between Luo Zheng and Han Chuyue did not start.
Because at this time, the door on the other side of the hall was suddenly pushed open.
From the door, over a hundred people rushed in. Although their cultivations were not high, their auras were extraordinary.
Some of these people were Proof of Divinity experts, while the others were Lower True Gods. The majority of these people were extremely young. The Proof of Divinity experts' bone ages were often only sixteen or seventeen years old, while the Lower True Gods were only in their early twenties. Although they were all dressed casually, they were very particular. Some of their shoulders were embroidered with Green Winged Phoenixes, while others had golden threads woven into their sleeves to create vivid golden dragon patterns. These people's backgrounds were clearly not small.
In addition, there were four Upper True Gods. These Upper True Gods hid their auras extremely well, keeping a very low profile. In fact, they were only the personal bodyguards of a few of these young people.
"Outsiders are prohibited from entering!" Uncle Gong frowned slightly, blocking the front. "I don't care who you are, please leave!"
The Eldest Princess had arrived. On Han Jia's floating island, everyone else had to leave. No resistance was allowed.
The leader, a fifteen year old youth, shook his head. He stuck out his tongue and laughed. "What did you say? I can't hear you!"
"That Wind Ear wants us to leave! Haha! Can you hear it now? "Another blue clothed youth deliberately moved closer to the youth in front of him and shouted loudly.
"Get out of my way. My ears are broken …"
"Lower your voice. Han Jia's two princesses are here today. Don't make things difficult for Brother Yue!"
"…"
These young people started to make a ruckus. The originally quiet hall suddenly became noisy.
Uncle Gong's face was gloomy. He gritted his teeth and was about to attack!
As an upper true god, it was easy for Uncle Gong to deal with these juniors. However, just as he was about to take action, two upper true gods flew over from the other side and blocked Uncle Gong's path.
"Friend, I advise you not to interfere in the affairs of the young people," one of them whispered to Uncle Gong.
Uncle Gong said with a cold face, "I want to protect my princess."
"Then our Young Master must not lose a single strand of hair. Don't force us to take action," the man continued in a low voice, "Leave the young people's matters to them. If the matter gets out of hand, the higher-ups will naturally take action. If we forcibly intervene, we will only be smashed to pieces! Do you understand what I'm saying? "
These upper True Divinities had always been the bodyguards of the core disciples of the rich and powerful families. They were already well aware of the rules. They knew that sometimes, they couldn't be too responsible. Otherwise, they would just be looking for trouble.
The floating island above the Sea of Time was the core of authority. If an ordinary person accidentally got sucked into it, they would be torn to pieces. Even upper true gods were no exception.
Uncle Gong had just been transferred from Saint Emperor City to Spirit Heart Palace. Of course, he didn't know the rules. He only knew that he had to be loyal to his duty and ensure the safety of Han Liusu and Han Chuyue. Seeing this group of spoiled brats from the rich and powerful families rushing in like there was no one else around, he naturally couldn't tolerate it!
However, after hearing the other party's words, Uncle Gong calmed down. As long as these people didn't attack Han Liusu and Han Chuyue, Uncle Gong was afraid that he would act rashly. Although he was an upper true god, he couldn't afford to offend a single one of the hundred people present.
Han Chuyue, Han Liusu, and Han Biluo didn't have any good expressions when they saw these people. Han Liusu stepped forward bravely and frowned, "What are you doing here again?"
"Look at how distant you are. You are already engaged to Brother Yue. You are his fiancée. So what if the husband comes to see his wife? Isn't that right, everyone? "A bald brat took the lead and laughed mischievously.
Hearing this, Han Liusu's expression became extremely unnatural. Her gaze involuntarily turned towards Luo Tianxing. However, she noticed Luo Zheng's wooden expression and felt an indescribable sense of loss in her heart.
At the same time, the group opened up a path. From the crowd, an extraordinarily handsome man with an even and slender figure slowly walked over. He smiled at her, "Liusu! We meet again! "
This was the "Brother Yue" that others spoke of. His full name was Leng Lin Yue.
The Leng family was ranked fourth among the rich and powerful families of the floating island!
Even among the top ten rich and powerful families, the Leng family was an absolute colossus. When their Leng family members left the floating island, just based on their surname, the other rich and powerful families would feel inferior to them.
In the past, the Han family and the Qin family had a very good relationship. The two families often had marriage alliances. Until now, the Qin and Han families both had children living in the other's rich and powerful families.
But this time, a crack had quietly appeared in the relationship between the Qin family and the Han family.
There were rumors that if the Qin family wanted to enter the top ten of the floating island, they would have to squeeze the Han family out. However, the Han family had no intention of giving up that ranking. So, the relationship between the two families, which had once been good friends and had countless marriage alliances, had now fallen to a freezing point.
Another piece of evidence was Han Liusu's marriage.
The Han family's Holy Emperor had many children, but almost all of them were men. It wasn't until this Divine Era that the Han family's Holy Emperor was lucky enough to have two daughters, Han Liusu and Han Chuyue. These two daughters were naturally doted on by the Holy Emperor.
They were the Holy Emperor's daughters, so their status was naturally not ordinary. Originally, some people thought that the Han family's Holy Emperor would betroth his eldest daughter, Han Liusu, to the Qin family. But as the relationship between the Han family and the Qin family fell apart, this time, the Han family was engaged to the Leng family, betrothing Han Liusu to Leng Lin Yue.
Everyone was paying attention to the relationship between the Han family and the Leng family, as well as what might happen in the future. In the sky above the sea of time, every action of a rich and powerful family was hidden. The meaning behind the marriage alliance between the Han and Leng families was worth their attention.
But as the person involved, Han Liusu, was the most neglected person …
No one cared what she thought, nor did they care about her talent or her strength. They only knew her value!
On the day of the engagement, Han Liusu didn't attend.
After that, she went to find her father and made a big fuss in front of him. In the end, she was locked up by her father.
From the Han family's Holy Emperor's point of view, Leng Lin Yue was the best choice for Han Liusu. Han Liusu was just being unreasonable. In truth, there were many examples of this in the rich and powerful families. Han Liusu wasn't the first, but who could go against a Holy Emperor's orders?
She wasn't like those mortals of the universe, who could secretly elope just because they were weak …
Although the divine realm was large, how could one avoid the pursuit of a Holy Emperor?
From everyone's point of view, Han Liusu had made enough of a fuss. She had basically calmed down.
Leng Lin Yue was an extremely outstanding youth. In the Arena of Gods, Leng Lin Yue was firmly in the top five of the middle true gods. In all these years, he hadn't fallen out of the top five. Moreover, Leng Lin Yue was the youngest son of the Leng family's Holy Emperor. His status wasn't any lower than Han Liusu's. They could be said to be well-matched in terms of social status!
Leng Lin Yue politely greeted her, but Han Liusu still had a sour expression on her face. She turned to the side and didn't even look at him.
Seeing Han Liusu like this, Leng Lin Yue revealed a helpless expression. He was about to walk over to Han Liusu when Han Chuyue and Han Biluo stood on either side of him. The two young ladies glared at Leng Lin Yue.
"Don't come over!"
"Hurry up and scram!"
These two young ladies usually liked to fight fiercely, but on this matter, they were extremely united. They both wanted to protect Han Liusu.
"You two little girls, hurry up and move aside!"
"Haha, the Han family's girls are really each more beautiful than the last. When these two grow up, they won't belong to their older sisters …"
"When the time comes, you'll have your father come to the Han family to propose marriage?"
These silkpants originally didn't have a filter on their mouths. Even when discussing Han Chuyue and Han Biluo, they didn't hold back. Some of their words were naturally quite unpleasant to hear.
Han Chuyue looked like a weak and powerless little girl, but her temperament was like her mother's. She was extremely unyielding. As soon as she heard these words, she immediately exploded. Her eyes that were as round as a dragon's eyes suddenly glared, and two balls of blood appeared in her hands.
These two balls of blood continuously dragged in her small hands. They were like two shapeless weapons, and then they stabbed towards one of the silkpants.

Chapter 1830
Above the rich and powerful families, there were many rules on the surface.
Some rules were written on the Governing Stone Tablet, some were written in the Saint Hall, and some were the rules of the rich and powerful families, sect rules …
There were also rules between these silkpants.
Just like what that upper True God said to Uncle Gong, "Don't look at how you are protecting the Han Clan's young miss. If you provoke these silkpants in order to protect her, you will also be consigned to eternal damnation. If these silkpants start tearing each other apart, you better watch from the side and not interfere!"
All the servants were not allowed to participate in the struggle between the rich and powerful families' core disciples …
Han Chuyue had previously planned to challenge 'Luo Tianxing' and meet this genius that Han Biluo spoke of.
However, she was now unable to restrain her anger as she charged towards the nearest proof of divinity martial artist.
Just now, she had clearly heard that this fellow's mouth was filthy and his eyes were filled with lustful light. Against this kind of person, Han Chuyue would never be lenient. She was the second ranked expert among the proof of divinity martial artists!
"Si …"
The two red lights in her hands transformed into two red sleeves that interweaved into a magnificent and gorgeous blood red pattern that enveloped that proof of divinity martial artist!
This blood red pattern emitted a killing intent that covered the sky, causing the entire hall to feel as if it was in an abyss of demonic domain. No matter where one stood, one would be affected by the surging killing intent.
Those upper True Gods and middle True Gods were still fine.
A portion of the lower True Gods faintly felt their heartbeat speed up, as if the blood in their body was about to jump out. Their entire being became hot-blooded and yearned for slaughter!
The proof of divinity martial artist that was enveloped by the blood red pattern was a core disciple of the Zhou Clan called Zhou Feihong.
The Zhou Clan's floating island's ranking in the sea of time was not high, only ranked 36, which was considered average. However, the Zhou Clan still had a Saint overseeing it. Although the Zhou Clan did not produce any shocking geniuses these past few years, the Zhou Clan was good at dealing with their relationships with other clans. These past few years, they had always maintained their position, and the floating island's ranking had not changed much.
How could Zhou Feihong have thought that the Han Clan's Saint Emperor's daughter would be so unyielding, wanting to kill over a single word.
The silkpants of the floating island were each more overbearing than the other, but this was the first time he had encountered such a savage and overbearing person, so he was stunned.
Even if Zhou Feihong was not stupid, he was far from being Han Chuyue's opponent.
Currently, Han Chuyue was ranked second amongst the Proving Divinity experts, while he, Zhou Feihong, was ranked around eighty. The two of them had fought twice in the Colosseum of Gods, and both times, he had lost to Han Chuyue in an extremely short period of time.
There was no real death in the Arena of the Gods, and Zhou Feihong was still able to withstand it. Now that he saw the blood-red pattern slashing down with murderous intent, he was so scared that his face turned ashen, and he kept shouting, "Help!"
Luo Zheng stood on the other side, watching this scene indifferently.
He had already made his decision. Since he didn't plan to show himself, he didn't plan to make a move either.
No matter how this group of rich silkpants planned to make a scene, or how they planned to stop, it had nothing to do with him, Luo Zheng. He couldn't even be bothered to watch the show …
If his father was still alive and the Luo Clan had not been destroyed, Luo Zheng would have slowly grown up among the rich, and perhaps become one of these rich silkpants. But in this world, there were no "ifs". In the end, he was not one of these people. From the moment he was born, he was destined to carry a much heavier burden than these silkpants.
If Zhou Feihong died, it would bring a lot of trouble to the Han Clan!
Although the Zhou Clan's ranking was not worth mentioning, the Zhou Clan had many connections among the rich, and it would bring a disadvantage to the Han Clan. But why would Han Chuyue think so much? Ever since she had soared to the heavens in the Colosseum of Gods, she had never been bullied by anyone of the same generation!
But before Han Chuyue's blood-red pattern could cover it, another figure quietly arrived. This person was a little short, but he was very agile. In his hand was a silver flute. With a light flick of the flute, a silver light shot towards the blood-red pattern.
Although the blood-red pattern contained great killing intent and power, the silver light was very special. When the blood-red pattern was enveloped by the silver light, the silver light was like flowing mercury, and immediately plated a layer on the surface of the blood-red pattern.
The originally scarlet blood pattern had already turned into a bright silver pattern, and it had also escaped Han Chuyue's control. Zhou Feihong also let out a big sigh of relief, rejoicing that he had managed to keep his life.
"Han Clan's little princess, I haven't seen you for a few days, and your strength has already reached such a level. I'm afraid you can already challenge ordinary true gods?" The person holding the silver flute smiled faintly. This person was from the rich and powerful Liu Clan. His name was Liu Cheng Tian, and he had already stepped into the true god realm. This time, he had made a move against Han Chuyue.
This Liu Clan was ranked last in the floating island, and they had always had a strong sense of danger.
Only when one rose to the top of the sea of time would they have the qualifications to be called a first-tier rich and powerful clan. The Liu Clan had not been in it for long, and their foundation was not stable.
If the Liu Clan continued to fall, then the floating island of the Liu Clan would fall into the sea of time, and the other second-tier clans would fight for this position. So in the divine domain, there were countless second-tier clans eyeing the Liu Clan's floating island, hoping that the Liu Clan would be eliminated, and the vacant position would naturally be up for them to fight for.
Although the Liu Clan was ranked last in the floating island, the strength of this lower true god holding the silver flute was not weak. In the Arena of Gods, he could also enter the top 50. He was in the top 50 of the lower true gods, and Han Chuyue was the second in the Proof of Divinity realm.
Han Chuyue's cultivation was unable to make up for the difference, so she was naturally not Liu Cheng Tian's opponent.
Liu Cheng Tian relied on his cultivation to seal Han Chuyue's hand. Many people would choose to stop while they were ahead, but this Liu Cheng Tian was in the mood today. He lightly waved the flute, and shamelessly laughed, "I have long heard that the Han Clan's little princess is also a celestial being. Today, Liu Cheng Tian wants to exchange pointers!"
As his voice fell, he lightly shook the silver flute in his hand, and a crisp flute sound whistled out from the silver flute. This flute sound contained a soul technique, and could numb the soul for a moment!
Han Chuyue was caught off guard, and felt her scalp tighten. Her divine sense was also in a daze.
By the time she reacted, Liu Cheng Tian's hand had already quietly pressed down on one of Han Chuyue's shoulders. Liu Cheng Tian lightly recited, "The phoenix flute's crisp sound on a moonlit night …" Before he finished reciting this poem, Han Chuyue had already reacted. Clouds of blood mist escaped from her body, and her slightly childish face was now filled with extreme anger!
At the same time, Han Liusu could not watch any longer. She did not want to see her sister kill people here, and even more did not want Han Chuyue to be taken advantage of by this group of silkpants. But just as she was about to step forward to help, her "fiancé" Leng Lin Yue blocked in front of Han Liusu.
Leng Lin Yue gently said, "Chuyue's temper is a bit fiery. Exchanging pointers is not a bad thing. Liu Cheng Tian knows his limits."
"Exchanging pointers?" Hearing this, the corner of Han Liusu's eyes twitched. This group of silkpants was not only strong, but their mouths were also quite strong. She coldly said, "Move aside!"
"It is not good to use such a tone with me." Leng Lin Yue shook his head and laughed, "But I like it very much!"
Leng Lin Yue was not afraid of Han Liusu attacking. He was an existence that could be called a king amongst middle true gods. Han Liusu had just stepped into the divine way not long ago. How could she be his opponent? With Leng Lin Yue blocking here, Han Liusu could not pass.
In the hall, Uncle Gong was sweating profusely. He was in charge of Han Liusu and Han Chuyue's safety. Facing this situation, he could not do anything. What should he do? If anything were to happen to the two Han Jia sisters, he could imagine what would happen to him …
"Humph, bullying my sister!"
Han Bi Luo saw that Liu Cheng Tian was relying on that silver flute to tease Han Chuyue. The little girl's face sank, and she also joined in the fray.
However, Han Bi Luo's strength was a bit weaker than Han Chuyue's. Liu Cheng Tian had to deal with the two little girls here very easily. A silver flute danced chaotically, completely trapping Han Chuyue and Han Bi Luo within. Liu Cheng Tian's hands and feet were not clean. Relying on his speed, he had an absolute advantage. From time to time, he would reach out and touch Han Chuyue's little face. This action ignited Han Chuyue's anger!
When the other silkpants saw this scene, they all laughed and laughed. Not only did they not go back to stop it, they even added oil to the fire …

Chapter 1831
These rich playboys were already used to this sort of scene.
It wasn't that they had any ill intentions; this was just a game for them.
It was just that this game wasn't going to be a good one for the three Han Jia sisters.
However, Han Jia was now destined to cling to the Leng Clan's thigh. Although these rich playboys didn't say it out loud, they still looked down on Han Jia. Although they liked to cause trouble, they were naturally sensitive to the political movements of the floating island!
Thus, even as they caused trouble, they were able to control their actions and knew who they couldn't afford to provoke.
Luo Zheng stood on the other side of the hall, not attracting the attention of these rich playboys. Even if Luo Zheng was an upper True God, they still wouldn't put him in their eyes, let alone a trifling Proving Divinity expert like Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng slowly walked forward, his eyes narrowed.
He didn't want to make a move. Right now, Luo Zheng didn't have anyone to rely on. He didn't have any strength. If he really provoked these people, he probably wouldn't be able to live peacefully in the future. His identity was also quite sensitive!
But seeing Han Liusu being bullied like this, he couldn't bear it.
"How about this …."
When he was only seven or eight feet away from Han Chuyue, Luo Zheng's feet suddenly shot out a surge of power.
Using strength to make up for the lack of speed was something that Luo Zheng was already quite proficient in. Everyone was flying around in the Great Yan Universe. This point was not considered much of an advantage, but in God's Domain, it was very valuable and effective.
Under the pressure of that surge of power, Luo Zheng's speed instantly shot up. His body leaned forward, his left hand condensing a handful of ice shards, while his right hand was covered in raging flames.
If Luo Zheng had taken out the Chiliocosm Heavy Sword and combined it with the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, he was confident that he could kill Liu Chengtian directly.
But once it was revealed that he cultivated the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, the consequences could be imagined.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had stored up quite a bit of Divine Dao through the Infinity Ruler. During this time, he hadn't been able to cultivate, so he had been pondering how to combine them. After suddenly increasing his speed, he waved his left hand!
Whoosh! Whoosh!
The ice shards in his left hand fanned out and shot towards Liu Chengtian.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng made his move that he attracted the attention of this group.
But this group of people noticed that Luo Zheng was a Proof God martial artist, and did not take Luo Zheng seriously. That Han Chu Yue could be called a king among the Proof God martial artists, but when she met Liu Cheng Tian, wasn't she like a cat playing with a mouse?
"Where did this kid come from? I didn't notice?"
"I don't know. Maybe it's one of the Han Family's main disciples who is standing up for Han Chuyue."
"Using two Divine Daos' Divine Dao? Hehe..
......................... to them.......................
..........
The icicles that Luo Zheng threw out were indeed sharp, but Liu Chengtian only twisted the silver flute slightly and accurately caught all the icicles on it. A trace of contempt appeared on his face as he said, "How dare any random thing come to join in the fun? . Courting death! "
He didn't see Luo Zheng as an opponent, but this guy had disturbed his mood. But just as he was about to shake off the ice shards on the silver flute, Luo Zheng's mouth curled up.
.. Shua! Shua! Shua!
Shua! From the ice shards, black-purple flames emerged. At the same time, black smoke came out. It was accompanied by a pungent smell. Most poisons … had this smell!
This was a nameless flame that Luo Zheng had created using the Fledgling Flame. Cultivating the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao required a long time of immersion and refinement. Only then could one cultivate their own flame.
The black-purple nameless flame was only a half-finished product. Its power wasn't great, but the effect on the surface was very frightening. Under the thick smoke and the pungent smell, one would think that it was a poisonous flame!
Sure enough, when Liu Chengtian saw the black smoke, his complexion changed greatly. He suddenly pulled out the silver flute. Under the continuous rotation, gusts of strong wind suddenly appeared. He wanted to blow out the flames and black smoke on the flute.
But Luo Zheng didn't stop. The five-colored light in his hand flashed gently. He activated the law of earth of the Five Elements Divine Dao. Then, he slapped the ground.
.. Rumble …
Suddenly, a huge mud hand shot out from under Liu Chengtian's feet, and pinched him in the middle!
Now, Liu Chengtian was a little confused and disoriented. How could he have thought that the kid would use so many messy methods in the blink of an eye? These methods were not particularly powerful, but they were enough to make him badly battered.
"Who is that guy? He actually used three Divine Daos in such a short time?"
"He didn't cultivate these Divine Daos very deeply. He just used them very skillfully …"
"Cultivating like this isn't worth it. Who would cultivate several Divine Daos at the same time? Don't bite off more than you can chew! "
Although they said so, these people did cultivate several Divine Daos after they stepped into the True God Realm. However, they all cultivated one Divine Dao as the main one. The other two Divine Daos were supplementary. Like Luo Zheng, no one would cultivate three Divine Daos at the same time.
"Oh, it's already the fourth Divine Dao. This kid … What the hell? It's still the Purple Clouds Divine Dao. He's not a woman!"
Just as they were discussing, strands of purple clouds dissipated. They turned into purple birds and pounced on Liu Chengtian. This was the "transformation" of the Purple Clouds Divine Dao.
Liu Chengtian was bound by the mud hand. He also had to face the attack of a large flock of purple birds. For a moment, he was a little confused.
Not far away, Han Liusu and Leng Linyue looked at Luo Zheng's series of methods with a surprised expression.
Leng Linyue's strength was at the top of this group of people. His vision was naturally more sinister. "That guy is interesting. He pieced several Divine Daos together. It can produce a miraculous effect!"
Some powerful people in the God Realm did have the means to perfectly blend several Divine Daos. However, that required an extremely thorough understanding of the Divine Dao. Luo Zheng was only a Proof of Divinity martial artist. In Leng Linyue's view, displaying the characteristics of the Divine Dao was in the category of playing petty tricks.
Han Liusu's eyes revealed a puzzled expression. She didn't expect Luo Tianxing to continuously change several Divine Daos. This method of facing the enemy was completely different from what she had imagined.
This person could display several Divine Daos to this extent with such cultivation. His talent must be excellent. However, he wasn't Luo Zheng?
After confirming this point, Han Liusu's heart was full of disappointment. Since this Luo Tianxing wasn't Luo Zheng, even if he was outstanding, what did it have to do with her?
"Puff puff puff puff …"
Those purple birds that contained Taoist Connotation kept exploding around Liu Chengtian. At the same time, a little bit of snowflakes fell down. Those snowflakes formed pieces of ice and snow that kept falling down. The temperature of the area covered by the snowflakes dropped sharply.
"Snow Imprint Divine Dao …"
"That's the sixth Divine Dao. This guy … has some skill!"
"There are countless strange people in the world, but I've never heard of such a person from Han Jia!"
These rich playboys present were the most powerful existences in the same realm. In their view, cultivating three or four Divine Daos was biting off more than one could chew. However, casually displaying five or six Divine Daos was somewhat strange. Moreover, looking at this kid's posture, it seemed that he had far more than these few Divine Daos …
Although Liu Chengtian was being forced into a difficult situation by Luo Zheng, this group of people didn't intend to help. They would rather see what other tricks Luo Zheng could play.
However, at this moment, Han Chuyue rushed up again and patted Luo Zheng's shoulder. "Good job. However, you can't do this. Watch me kill him!" Han Chuyue wasn't a pushover. Her cultivation had shackled her strength, but she had no qualms about killing Liu Chengtian!
Just now, she was teased by Liu Chengtian. She was already gnashing her teeth in hatred. Now that Liu Chengtian hadn't reacted yet, she attacked with her most powerful killing move.
"Ah!"
Liu Chengtian was confused and disoriented by Luo Zheng's series of tricks. The anger in his heart grew stronger and stronger. However, every time he wanted to counterattack, he was always tired of dealing with that kid's unexpected first attack.
Now that he was exposed, he didn't care. The silver flute in his hand suddenly swung and was forcibly inserted into the solid ground!
"Buzz!"
The upward end of the silver flute suddenly flashed a ray of silver light.
"Oh no …"
"Liu Chengtian is going to act recklessly!"
"When he's angry, he loses his sense of propriety. Everyone, retreat quickly!"

Chapter 1832
Although they were causing a ruckus in Han Jia's territory, they knew the severity of the situation.
Liu Chengtian was merely toying with Han Chuyue and Han Biluo. He didn't have any intention of harming them.
However, with Luo Zheng's intervention, the situation became delicate.
Although the Liu Clan's floating island wasn't ranked high, it was still one of the wealthy clans. Today, Liu Chengtian was actually toyed with by a Proof of Divinity cultivator using several different Divine Daos. This was a great loss of face.
If it was outside the Time Sea, it wouldn't be a big deal for the wealthy clans to be separated by such a large distance.
However, these huge floating islands were one after another. If something happened, it wouldn't take long for it to spread. How could his anger be quenched? How could he swallow this resentment?
At this time, he decided to get serious!
A silver light suddenly gushed out from the top of the silver flute. As the silver light spiraled, mysterious patterns spread out from it.
At the same time, there was something Luo Zheng was very familiar with — primal chaos qi!
When everyone saw the primal chaos qi, they all revealed a look of fear. The upper True Gods in the hall were no exception.
Those below the Sage Realm didn't have the ability to resist the corrosion of primal chaos qi. Perfection Sovereigns couldn't do it, and even quasi-sages couldn't do it!
Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose slightly. Since this flute could gush out primal chaos qi, it must be a primal chaos treasure. Seeing those people continuously retreating, Luo Zheng also knew that this person's next move would be extremely fierce.
"Troublesome …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's originally obscure eyes suddenly lit up. Not only did he not retreat, but he also charged toward Liu Chengtian.
The primal chaos qi gushed out from the silver flute and was slowly spiraling, brewing some killing move. How could ordinary people dare to approach? It would be troublesome if they were slightly contaminated by the primal chaos qi …
However, Luo Zheng didn't have this psychological burden.
The toxicity of the primal chaos qi wasn't harmful to Luo Zheng. However, in order to not be too conspicuous, Luo Zheng gently twisted his body and found a gap to squeeze through.
"That kid plans to stop Liu Chengtian?"
"He's too bold. It's not fun to encounter the primal chaos qi …"
"Does he really think he's a match for Liu Chengtian?"
Although Luo Zheng had just used several types of Shinto to toy with Liu Chengtian, no one thought that Luo Zheng would be stronger than a True God. Even among the Lower True Gods, Liu Chengtian was a peak figure. If Luo Zheng rushed up like this, it would be no different than seeking death.
When Liu Chengtian saw that Luo Zheng had taken the initiative to come to his door, he was overjoyed.
He had no choice but to activate the Sacred Worshipping Flute. The Sacred Worshipping Flute was one of the only two Chaos Treasures in the Liu family. His father had given it to him, but he was not allowed to take it out of the Sea of Time. Usually, he would have to return the Sacred Worshipping Flute before going to the Forbidden Area.
If the full power of the flute was unleashed, the entire hall would be destroyed. It would be bad if the elders of the Han Clan were alerted, and they would be severely punished.
Now that Luo Zheng had rushed up, Liu Chengtian's eyes flashed with an ominous glint. He reached out and gently pinched the Sacred Worshipping Flute. A whistling sound came from the Sacred Worshipping Flute, and the primal chaos qi was slowly retracted.
At the same time, Liu Chengtian waved his hands, and the Force in his inner world rushed toward his Godhead. Since this Proof of Divinity cultivator didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth and dared to toy with him, he would let him know what it meant to pay a miserable price.
Although Liu Chengtian had used Force, he still hadn't used his Shinto.
Pure use of Force was the use of the power of faith. However, the Godhead could use the power of faith to the extreme!
He wanted to use the most straightforward method to tear Luo Zheng to shreds!
Just as Luo Zheng rushed in front of him, the Force that was emitted from Liu Chengtian's body had already surged through every inch of his muscles. His arms swelled up high, as if they contained endless power. A small portion of this power came from his own body, but the majority of it came from the "Force".
His arms crisscrossed, and his hands turned into two tiger claws that shot toward Luo Zheng, grabbing Luo Zheng's arms as fast as lightning!
"Little brat, if you don't have the strength, then don't try to show off." Liu Chengtian stared at Luo Zheng and sneered. His actual age was actually younger than Luo Zheng, but he believed that his cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's, so he naturally treated Luo Zheng as a junior. "But you won't have the chance to regret it. My warning came too late, ai …"
He sighed, wanting to tear Luo Zheng to shreds!
"Luo Tianxing …" In the distance, Han Biluo was startled. She wanted to stop him, but it was too late.
At this moment, Han Liusu's heart was pounding.
From the beginning, she had planned to have Han Chuyue test Luo Tianxing, but after seeing Luo Zheng use all kinds of Shinto, she began to doubt her own intuition.
But at this moment, the premonition in her heart became incomparably strong and sensitive.
Her judgment followed a certain logic. This Luo Tianxing was able to cultivate six or seven Shinto at the same time, he was definitely not a mediocre person.
Such an intelligent person would not seek his own death by charging at Liu Chengtian. He must have a certain level of confidence!
If it was Luo Zheng … then there was indeed a certain level of confidence.
She had seen Luo Zheng's terrifying strength. Back then, Luo Zheng's harvest from the Mountain Shattering Clan was quite shocking.
Whether Luo Tianxing was Luo Zheng or not, the next moment, the answer would be revealed.
The other rich playboys all had indifferent expressions. Only a portion of the Han Clan's people could not be touched. If the others were killed, then so be it. The Han Clan would at most reprimand them, and would not even inform their families!
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng suddenly revealed a relaxed expression, smiling at Liu Chengtian. "Little brat? You don't have the qualifications to call me that … "Saying so, his body suddenly twisted …
Under the rotation of the nine stars, Luo Zheng used an extremely large amount of strength while twisting.
Luo Zheng's movements were not fast, but because of the strength, they were very heavy. Liu Chengtian simply did not have time to react. He tightly grabbed Luo Zheng's arm and felt a huge force attacking him. That force was far greater than anyone he had ever fought in his life!
Very quickly, his entire body was pulled and thrown into the air, heavily smashing into the roof of the large hall …
"Crash …"
A milky white colored glass lamp was hanging on the roof of the large hall. Liu Chengtian's body shot up, instantly smashing that glass lamp into pieces. The glass fragments scattered all over the ground. At the same time, Liu Chengtian also heavily smashed down.
Before he could hit the ground, Luo Zheng had already lifted his leg and kicked out.
Since he had stood up for Han Chuyue and Han Biluo today, he might as well do it to the end. In any case, he had already offended this person. Moreover, this person had just wanted to kill him.
If he was not afraid of the rich and powerful family behind Liu Chengtian, he would not have kicked him. He would have already used the Great Chiliocosm Heavy Sword to cut him in two!
Following a rumbling sound, Liu Chengtian's body was like a broken gunnysack, slamming into the other side of the large hall and softly lying on the ground …

Chapter 1833
On the floating island, because of the existence of the Arena of Gods, as long as a strong person appeared, they would quickly be noticed by others.
For example, in a short two years, Han Chuyue had risen to second place in the Proof of Gods rankings. Those wealthy families knew that this girl was destined to be Han Jia's future star!
Strong or weak, they could find opponents at the same level. The Arena of Gods wasn't just a competition of strength, it was also a way to prove one's talent and future.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng's performance in the Arena of Gods was excellent, winning all the way!
However, he did not climb up the leaderboard. He was like a wandering ghost in the Arena of the Gods, constantly plundering points. Other than the dozens of Proof of Divinity martial artists who lost to Luo Zheng, the others did not know of his existence.
Han Chuyue's strength was second only to the Jiang family's little genius, Jiang Wenxuan. Facing Liu Chengtian, she could only be toyed with.
There was a huge gap between the Sector Lord realm and the True God realm. It couldn't be bridged by relying on talent. After all, a True God's "potential" released energy was a whole level higher than normal true essence!
Han Jia, this unknown young man, had used the ingenious combination of five to six types of divine Daos to toy with Liu Chengtian.
It wasn't difficult to do this. After careful planning, several Shinto would often have miraculous effects. It was just that this kind of trick was like a magic trick. In many people's eyes, it wasn't good enough.
But no one would have thought that this brat would suddenly explode with unimaginable speed and power, instantly defeating Liu Chengtian. This was a bit unbelievable.
It was normal for a lower True God genius to challenge a middle True God, but it was rare for a Proof of Gods to defeat a lower True God!
Han Liusu's mesmerizing eyes suddenly showed a faint smile.
Although this brat's disguise technique was profound, he could change his face, but he couldn't change his personality. She never would have dreamed that Luo Zheng would quietly appear on Han Jia's floating island …
"Hehe, I told you, isn't he stronger than the brat you mentioned?" Han Biluo said with a smile.
Han Chuyue pouted. "How could that be? He's just so-so … "
"So-so, hmph. Since Luo Tianxing is already on the floating island, I'll ask my father tomorrow to transfer him from the Purple Soul Palace …" Han Biluo said.
"This kind of genius naturally needs to be used by our Han Jia. But he's probably in trouble now." Han Chuyue's face showed worry.
Since Luo Zheng had defeated Liu Chengtian for them, these people wouldn't let this matter rest.
Liu Chengtian was still lying on the ground, and no one went up to help him up. Everyone's attention was on Luo Zheng. Soon, a long-haired youth walked out from the crowd. He had a small gem tattoo on his forehead, and a faint red glow surrounded the gem tattoo. He glanced at Luo Zheng coolly. "Such a person has never appeared on the rankings. Han Jia can keep its cool. What's your name?"
The long-haired youth was also a lower True Divinity, but his aura was even stronger than Liu Chengtian's.
. Everyone thought that Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Han Jia, and a genius that they had secretly raised.
"My surname isn't Han. I'm called Luo Tianxing," Luo Zheng said calmly. He pretended to be calm, but inside, he felt helpless. It would be hard to get away from this group of people. He could only hope that the elders of the Han Jia would quickly appear. Otherwise, it would really be troublesome.
Winning against Liu Cheng Tian just now was partly due to luck. Among the Lower True Gods, Liu Cheng Tian's strength was not bad, but he was definitely not an existence at the peak. If the person in front of him were to challenge him, Luo Zheng did not have the confidence to win. Moreover, there were not only Lower True Gods in this group, but also Middle True Gods.
"Surname Luo?" The long-haired youth was surprised.
The others had the same expression …
"So it's just a lowly outsider, haha." Someone in the crowd laughed.
"But the Han Jia seems to have picked up a treasure. A little monster that can rival a true god. How many years has it been since someone like that appeared?" someone else said.
"He was only able to defeat Liu Chengtian by luck. Liu Chengtian didn't activate his chaos treasure and fought with strength. He just happened to fall into that kid's trap …"
The most glorious thing about this group of rich kids was their family name.
Those that could appear in the sky above the Sea of Time were all legendary families. They were also the rulers of the entire divine territory.
As for the outsider disciples …
It didn't matter if you came from a second-tier or third-tier family. You didn't have the qualifications to be on the same level as them. No matter how strong you were, you wouldn't be able to stand on the stage because you didn't have a huge family behind you. You also didn't have a Saint to back you up!
So, when they talked about Luo Zheng, their words were even more impolite.
The long-haired youth grinned, his eyes filled with ferocity. "It's not easy for an outsider to cultivate to this level, but you dared to injure Liu Chengtian … your path has come to an end!"
"Aiya, Xie Jiao is angry!"
"Both the Xie and Liu Clans are at the bottom of the Floating Islands. They've always been close, and he has a good personal relationship with Liu Chengtian."
"What if Xie Jiao kills that kid in a fit of anger?"
"He's just an outsider. No matter how talented he is, Han Jia won't be able to pursue the matter …"
If Luo Zheng really was a member of Han Jia, they naturally wouldn't dare do anything to him. At most, they would teach him a lesson, but they wouldn't dare kill him.
Outsiders, however, were different.
Although outsiders were able to enter the Floating Islands through hard work, their status didn't change much. In many aspects, they would encounter double standards. So, there were people who criticized the rich families of the Floating Islands for "deciding one's fate by their family name."
As soon as Xie Jiao finished speaking, he pounced on Luo Zheng. He was ranked 40th among the lower true gods and was much stronger than Liu Chengtian!
Luo Zheng was already on high alert. He only needed to wait for Xie Jiao's figure to move. Then, he exploded with a powerful burst of force from the tip of his foot, and he quickly retreated.
Luo Zheng's speed was ridiculously fast. At the very least, no one among the Proof of Divinity cultivators could beat him.
A cold smile appeared on Xie Jiao's face. "Running?"
The red glow of the gemstone mark on his forehead flickered, and his entire body was enveloped in a red shadow. As he chased after Luo Zheng, he dragged countless blood-red figures behind him. It was as if there was a large group of people chasing after Luo Zheng. The momentum was enormous.
Xie Jiao was actually a bit faster than Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng had just retreated seven or eight meters when Xie Jiao appeared in front of Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye. Two slender fingers were placed in front of his forehead, touching the blood-red gemstone mark. At the same time, a ray of blood-red light flashed from the gemstone mark on his forehead and gathered at his fingertips.
"Whoosh!"
For some reason, the faint sound of metal could be heard from his fingertips. Those blood-red fingers seemed to have transformed into two sharp swords.
Xie Jiao gently flipped his right hand, and the two fingers pointed at Luo Zheng. His eyes were indifferent. Killing an outsider didn't give him any sense of accomplishment. On the contrary, Liu Chengtian's loss to this guy was a great humiliation. Therefore, he wanted to help Liu Chengtian.
Under Xie Jiao's finger, Luo Zheng's heart exploded with a strong sense of crisis!
"Eight Turns Flying Smoke!"
Faint wisps of white smoke rose from his body, and his entire body suddenly became as light as paper.
Seeing the two sonorous "swords" shot out from Xie Jiao's fingertips, Luo Zheng floated in a circle, as if he was completely unaffected, and slowly landed on the ground.
"It really is him …"
Han Liusu's face revealed a trace of relief. Her guess was finally confirmed.
She had seen Luo Zheng use Eight Turns Flying Smoke. Xie Jiao had forced Luo Zheng to use this life-saving technique, and this made Han Liusu even more certain of her guess!

Chapter 1834
After Luo Zheng used Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke, he instantly became weightless and floated like smoke!
Xie Jiao did not hold back at all.
The red light on his two fingers criss-crossed. Little red rings spun up and down around his fingertips. Every time those little red rings collided, there would be the sound of metal colliding. Then with a light tap of his finger, a unique red sword energy would shoot out from his fingertips!
"Woosh woosh woosh woosh woosh woosh!"
Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was very nimble in the Great Expansion World. Because there was not much pressure in the Great Expansion World, all matter was very light compared to the divine realm. But in the divine realm, this movement technique was greatly reduced.
Even more, Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was just a movement technique. It was very difficult to face Xie Jiao's [Tian Huan Shen Dao]. Sometimes, Luo Zheng had to roll on the ground to barely avoid the red sword energies. He appeared very disheveled!
"Run this way … …"
"Retreat, retreat quickly!"
Han Chu Yue and Han Bi Luo naturally could not participate in this kind of battle. The two of them had nervous expressions as they cheered Luo Zheng on. Other than worry on their faces, there was a hint of excitement. They did not know how great the risk Luo Zheng was shouldering. They only thought that Luo Zheng would be able to make a successful counterattack.
Luo Zheng naturally wanted to do this.
Being suppressed by this guy, Luo Zheng had almost no power to fight back. It was good enough that he was able to dodge the sword energies. This could not continue.
"Woosh woosh … …"
A red sword light drew a long rainbow in the air and brushed past the side of Luo Zheng's face. It only left a thin scratch that was almost imperceptible to the naked eye, but a string of blood suddenly spurted out from that extremely thin scratch.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all, but his expression became colder.
The opponent's speed was much faster than his. He used his finger to attack him with a sharp sword energy. From start to finish, he maintained a distance of about three steps from him … …
He kept calculating in his mind.
Facing such an expert, Luo Zheng didn't have many tricks up his sleeves. Apart from all kinds of Divine Daos, the strongest killing move he could use was still his strength.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and ran to the other side.
A cold smile still hung on Xie Jiao's face as he followed Luo Zheng at an elegant pace. The Sword Qi on his fingertips was constantly shooting towards Luo Zheng.
However, just as Luo Zheng was rushing forward, he suddenly stopped. Even the solid ground was left with two small pits by Luo Zheng's feet. At the same time, the entire hall shook!
Luo Zheng could rely on his powerful strength and strong body to stop like this, but Xie Jiao couldn't do it. To suddenly stop at such a high speed, he needed to sprint for a certain distance. Experienced warriors could usually predict it in advance, but Luo Zheng didn't give him any time to do so.
If he used all his strength to stop like Luo Zheng, his body might not be able to bear it, and his legs might be fractured.
Therefore, although Luo Zheng's move looked ordinary, in fact, it required a lot of strength and physical strength. Even a True God would find it difficult to do … …
At this stage, Luo Zheng didn't have much of an advantage against a True God. He could only use his body to the limit.
Xie Jiao didn't expect Luo Zheng to be like a tree trunk. He suddenly plunged into the ground and stopped abruptly. Then, he rushed straight towards Luo Zheng. However, Xie Jiao didn't panic too much. After all, he wasn't Liu Chengtian. He had too many tricks up his sleeves against a True God warrior.
The moment he rushed towards Luo Zheng, he pointed with his two fingers and shot out three sword rays. They made an arc through his body. He wanted to go around Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng had expected Xie Jiao to use this move. His eyes flashed, and he rolled up. His originally heavy body was as agile as a little monkey. He made a pose in the air, and the three sword rays passed through his armpit, crotch, and waist.
After avoiding the three sword rays, Luo Zheng rushed towards Xie Jiao to grab him.
However, the three sword rays Xie Jiao shot out forced Luo Zheng to dodge to the left, while Xie Jiao slid past him to the right. The two of them were three feet apart. Luo Zheng didn't have a chance to grab him.
"You're still too naive." Xie Jiao smiled faintly, as if everything was within his calculations.
However, at the same time, Xie Jiao also noticed that Luo Zheng was also grinning, revealing a strange smile.
What's this guy smiling about …
Just as this thought arose in Xie Jiao's mind, an invisible hand pressed down on Xie Jiao's body and slapped him to the ground.
"Boom!"
The entire hall began to tremble again.
Everyone's eyes were once again filled with shock!
"What happened?"
"How could Xie Jiao be pressed to the ground …"
"There seems to be an invisible force. Can this guy control his strength at will? Has he cultivated the Supreme Tao of Strength to the extreme? "
Everyone couldn't understand what had happened just now.
These people had good eyesight. Generally, there were only two ways to operate one's strength. One was to cultivate the Supreme Tao of Strength to the third stage. When one cultivated the Supreme Tao of Strength to the third stage, one could force the strength out of one's body and form a new body — the Body of Strength. This body could also become one of one's own protectors, which was very powerful.
The other method was the "Transcendence Divine Ability." With the "Transcendence Divine Ability," a Sage could mobilize the strength of the universe from anywhere.
Luo Zheng wasn't a Sage, so he naturally couldn't use the "Transcendence Divine Ability." However, even if he cultivated the Supreme Tao of Strength, this guy hadn't even condensed a Godhead. How could he cultivate it to the third stage?
Everyone's mind was spinning rapidly, trying to figure out how Luo Zheng had done it.
Even the guards brought by these people — the upper True Gods — looked at Luo Zheng with strange and astonished expressions!
However, before anyone could react, killing intent flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes. He grabbed the air, and the invisible hand lifted Xie Jiao up from the ground.
Xie Jiao had been slapped by the powerful hand just now, and he still hadn't reacted. Now that he was lifted up, his whole body hung limply in the air.
Luo Zheng suddenly attacked, his fingers constantly hitting Xie Jiao's limbs, chest, and spine!
"Ka Ka Ka Ka …"
His attack was so accurate that it instantly shattered the most important bones and joints in Xie Jiao's body. Xie Jiao had just reacted and didn't have time to scream before he lost all feeling in his body!
Then Luo Zheng suddenly dragged Xie Jiao to the ground and stepped on him. He looked around coldly and said, "I didn't mean to offend you today. It's just that the little girl from Han Jia is an old acquaintance of mine, so I had no choice but to attack. If anyone wants to teach me a lesson, I can accompany you to the end in the Divine Jade Wall. If anyone wants to fight here, I'm afraid the life of the person under my feet will be taken with me!"

Chapter 1835
Luo Zheng had already figured it out. There was no end to his entanglement with this group of people here.
Even if he defeated Xie Jiao, there would still be others who would appear …
With Luo Zheng's current abilities, it was already very strenuous for him to fight against a lower True God. If his opponent was an intermediate True God, he would most likely lose without a doubt.
His only chance was to hold Xie Jiao hostage and stabilize the situation first.
Although these descendants of wealthy families were very vicious, they cherished their lives very much. In their eyes, the lives of the people outside the floating island were cheap. Using their lives to exchange for Luo Zheng's was definitely not worth it.
As expected …
Seeing Luo Zheng's ferocious appearance, those people immediately quieted down.
A purple-haired youth cast a cold sidelong glance at Luo Zheng and warned, "Brat, do you know who you're stepping on?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Of course I do. He's just a member of the Xie family."
"You only know that his surname is Xie, but you don't know that he's the grandson of the Saint, Xie Fantian! Do you know the consequences of killing him? "The purple-haired youth sneered. He looked as though he knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't dare do anything to Xie Jiao.
After the purple-haired youth's words, the atmosphere immediately relaxed. They also felt that Luo Zheng wouldn't dare kill Xie Jiao.
Luo Zheng blinked. His face flashed with a hint of madness. "If I don't kill him today, will you let me go? Xie Jiao didn't hold back when he attacked just now. He tried to kill me time and time again. Why can't I kill him? If his life is precious, then exchanging my life for his is considered a bargain, right? "
After saying this, Luo Zheng stomped his foot again. Xie Jiao's chest instantly caved in. A huge pressure was exerted on Xie Jiao's body. Xie Jiao involuntarily groaned, as though he was struggling on his deathbed …
Many of the True Gods in the Divine Region had existed for a long time, so it was difficult for them to feel anything in the world. For example, the Evil Old Man probably wouldn't even bat an eyelid at such a scene.
However, these disciples of wealthy families were all rather young. They might have experienced countless battles in the Arena of Gods, but the Arena of Gods was ultimately not a real battle. Furthermore, when these disciples of wealthy families fought on the floating islands, they would often leave each other some leeway. Everyone's background was not bad. If they really killed each other, no one would have an easy time.
Now that they saw Luo Zheng's ruthlessness, it was beyond their expectations.
Those rich kids looked at each other and didn't know how to respond to Luo Zheng's words. The purple-haired boy who spoke before also fell into silence. He could see that if someone continued to attack, that kid would definitely kill Xie Jiao!
If they really killed Xie Jiao, that kid wouldn't be able to live, but they would most likely be implicated as well. Although they wouldn't receive a huge punishment, they would definitely be reprimanded. Moreover, they would be grounded by their respective families.
Han Biluo and Han Chuyue were full of smiles. They were quite pleased with themselves. The two girls only thought that it was fun. Luo Tianxing had suppressed this group of people by himself. If this matter spread out, it would bring honor to their Han Family!
Han Liusu's eyes were as clear and deep as the autumn lake. She stared at Luo Zheng, her heart filled with emotions. This guy had never retreated when he had the strength. In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he had relied on himself to crush everyone. Now that he was on her floating island, he still didn't back down in the face of such a disadvantage …
Leng Linyue stood by Han Liusu's side. He naturally noticed the expression of this' future wife 'of his. The way Han Liusu looked at Luo Zheng was an eyesore to him.
In fact, although Leng Linyue and Han Liusu had a marriage agreement, the two didn't want to be close. They had only met twice!
Leng Linyue had visited several times, but Han Liusu had refused to meet him. After being rejected several times, Leng Linyue naturally had a temper.
What kind of person was Leng Linyue?
Whether it was status, strength, or talent, he wasn't inferior to Han Liusu. How easy would it be for him to find a God Companion? Countless outstanding women wanted to marry into his Leng Family. Was Han Liusu the only one missing?
However, as a member of the Leng Family, Leng Linyue's considerations were naturally different from Han Liusu's. He knew why his father wanted to form a marriage alliance with the Han Family. He also knew that the Sea of Time was about to welcome a large disturbance. Considering the big picture, he was determined to get Han Liusu. Moreover, he did like Han Liusu.
Now that he saw Han Liusu's gaze, a flame of jealousy climbed up his heart like a scorpion. He raised his head and smiled, then walked towards Luo Zheng. "I've seen many people who are fierce in appearance but weak in heart! A life for a life? Do you dare? "
"Brother Yue?"
"That kid is a bit crazy. You should …"
"Don't force him. Let's just forget about today's matter."
These people saw that Luo Zheng was serious and didn't want to provoke Luo Zheng into doing something stupid. Now that Leng Linyue suddenly made such a move, they were naturally nervous.
Who knew that Leng Linyue wasn't moved at all. He still slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. "Hmph, this kind of person climbed up from the grass roots with great difficulty. He wouldn't have this kind of courage!" As he spoke, his eyes watched Luo Zheng's expression change.
In reality, Leng Linyue didn't care about Xie Jiao's life or death. He just wanted Luo Zheng to die.
Luo Zheng dared to kill Xie Jiao, so he was definitely dead. Even if Leng Linyue didn't deal with him, the Xie family would certainly not let him go. If Luo Zheng really looked fierce on the outside and didn't dare to kill at all, then things would be easier to deal with … This was Leng Linyue's plan.
Just as Leng Linyue stepped forward, Luo Zheng also saw through his thoughts. He smiled coldly, "Some people are so self-righteous that they can figure out other people's thoughts …" Halfway through his words, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted force on his feet!
At the same time, Leng Linyue suddenly accelerated towards Luo Zheng and shouted, "How dare you!"
The others also looked at Luo Zheng with a face full of disbelief. In their eyes, Xie Jiao's body seemed to be pressed down by an invisible sledgehammer. In an instant, his skin was squeezed in all directions, and at the same time, there were even cracks, from which red blood splashed out!
"Pu!"
Xie Jiao was crushed from head to toe by a huge force. His entire body completely collapsed, sticking to the ground like a piece of paper. Around his collapsed body, a huge blood flower splashed along the ground, turning into a huge blood flower. Looking at it, it was a ghastly sight!
"Ah!"
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo covered their mouths at the same time, staring blankly at the blood still flowing on the ground. Han Liusu also suddenly bit her lips, her face pale. Leng Linyue forced Luo Zheng to kill Xie Jiao, this was equivalent to putting Luo Zheng to death!
Leng Linyue's eyes twitched as he rushed forward. In his heart, he sighed. What a ruthless guy. If this person wasn't killed, he would become a hero in the future!
Luo Zheng's eyes bloomed with killing intent. At the same time, the surface of his soul began to flicker with a faint golden light.
However, this golden light didn't bloom …
If he wanted to use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, he would have to fight to the death!
Luo Zheng had been very restrained from the start. He didn't want to infuriate this group of aristocratic descendants. He had too many things on his shoulders. From the moment he entered the divine domain, he had been very careful. His previous temperament had also been much more restrained. After entering the floating island, he had become even more reserved.
But sometimes, the situation wasn't under his control!
"Whoosh …"
After Luo Zheng crushed Xie Jiao, he didn't stop at all and immediately retreated. At the same time, he drew out the Boundless Heaven Sword and slashed forward without even looking at what was in front of him!
Leng Linyue was ranked fifth in the Arena of Gods. It could be said that he was ranked fifth among all the mid-level True Gods in the divine realm …
The Extreme Evil Old Man was a peak mid-level True God. If he were to be compared to Leng Linyue, he was far inferior!
If Leng Linyue traveled outside the Sea of Time, he could easily kill some of the upper-level True Gods from second-tier clans!
Luo Zheng couldn't resist such an expert.
He didn't use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao when he swung his sword, but the boundless energy source was poured into it. The power was considerable!
"Whoosh!"
With the sound of a gust of wind, Luo Zheng's sword naturally missed its target.

Chapter 1836
After Luo Zheng missed his attack, he let go of the sword without any hesitation!
The Great Thousand Sword left Luo Zheng's hand and flew through the air. It pierced through the wall on one side of the hall and landed heavily on the ground outside.
The two lower true gods were shocked when they saw the sword stuck in the ground.
The people outside knew that there were important people in the hall, but they didn't know that a fight had broken out inside. Therefore, they were confused when they saw the Great Thousand Sword.
When Luo Zheng let go of the sword, his body suddenly shrank and he rolled to the side …
When fighting with such a powerful expert, Luo Zheng couldn't catch his opponent's figure. Both his eyesight and divine sense were useless at this moment.
Luo Zheng made a series of judgments based on his instincts!
Just as Luo Zheng rolled to the side, a faint figure suddenly appeared where Luo Zheng was standing. Together with the figure were three crimson claw prints!
"Swish swish swish!"
The three claw prints didn't catch Luo Zheng, but they strangely floated in the air and didn't dissipate for a long time.
Leng Linyue stood where he was with one hand behind his back, while the other hand glowed with a cold light. A hint of surprise appeared in his eyes. His attack just now was not something that Luo Zheng could have avoided, but at that moment, it was as if Luo Zheng had been helped by God. He rolled to the side and dodged Leng Linyue's attack.
"Interesting. What a strong fighting instinct." Leng Lin Yue smiled. "But can you avoid it this time?"
After saying that, Leng Lin Yue took another step forward. When he took the step, his figure became blurry. As a middle true god, Leng Lin Yue couldn't fly, but his speed was fast to a certain level!
Luo Zheng was lucky to avoid Leng Lin Yue's claw. Seeing Leng Lin Yue disappear again, Luo Zheng could only roll again …
But this time, Leng Lin Yue was prepared. After jumping in the air, he found the direction Luo Zheng was going to dodge and floated there. He still had one hand behind his back as if it was a great insult to himself to fight a Proof of Divinity expert with two hands.
However, just as he was about to grab Luo Zheng, his expression suddenly changed. His whole body abruptly rose up and somersaulted backwards like a spring onion on dry land. Only then did he stand firmly on the ground. There was a coarse wound on his forehead …
No matter what the situation was, Luo Zheng wouldn't sit still and wait for death.
Sages disdained to use the Transcendence Divine Ability to operate their power source, but now it was the only method Luo Zheng could use to fight against Leng Lin Yue..
He just figured out Leng Lin Yue's strategy. When he somersaulted, he drew out eighty percent of his power source and turned it into a long spear. Leng Lin Yue was too arrogant. No matter how excellent Luo Zheng was, he was only a Proof of Divinity expert. He wouldn't put a mere Proof of Divinity expert in his eyes.
Therefore, his two attacks were exactly the same. He leaped up at an extremely fast speed and swooped down from the sky like an eagle swooping down on a chick. Without any surprise, Leng Lin Yue's forehead smashed into the spear formed from the Origin of Power!
At the moment of impact, Luo Zheng suddenly pushed the long spear upwards. Unfortunately, Leng Lin Yue was still Leng Lin Yue. His reaction speed was much faster than Luo Zheng's. The long spear only scratched his forehead. He suddenly twisted his body and pushed back.
However, he was injured. This was an established fact …
"Leng Lin Yue … is injured."
"A peak middle true god was injured by a Proof of Divinity expert?"
"This … how is this possible …"
These people still hadn't recovered from Xie Jiao's death. Now that they saw that even Leng Lin Yue was injured, everyone was dumbfounded.
Luo Zheng was able to kill Xie Jiao with a bit of luck. His strength was indeed quite strong.
However, Xie Jiao was only a lower true god. It had been many years since a Proof of Divinity expert defeated a lower true god, but it didn't mean it had never happened in history …
Back then, the Leng family's Saint Emperor used his "Dao Heart" to defeat twelve lower true gods. At that time, the Leng family's Saint Emperor was also a Proof of Divinity expert.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was able to kill Xie Jiao. This showed that he had monstrous talent and strength.
However, when Leng Lin Yue attacked, everyone understood that no matter how bright this kid's future was, his life would end here.
Leng Lin Yue wasn't just a middle true god. He was also a peak figure.
However, the two had only exchanged two moves, and Leng Lin Yue was injured. Moreover, it was his head injury. Looking at the situation, if Leng Lin Yue had been a bit slower, his head would have been pierced. The Leng family's eldest son would probably have died here today.
Leng Lin Yue stared at Luo Zheng. His originally calm expression had completely disappeared. Two storms were slowly brewing in his eyes. He also put down the hand behind his back.
Being injured by a Proof of Divinity expert was undoubtedly a great humiliation for Leng Lin Yue.
He also didn't expect that the guy who was at his mercy would curl up into a ball like a hedgehog. If he wasn't careful, he would be injured!
"Looks like I should let you die a bit more painfully." Leng Lin Yue's mouth curved slightly. His figure disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
"Rip!"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't have time to react at all. He felt three sharp pain coming from his side. Three distinct claw marks extended from his waist.
Leng Lin Yue planned to first claw Luo Zheng in two. However, when he really grabbed Luo Zheng's body, he discovered that the layer of seemingly ordinary clothes on the surface of his body was actually indestructible …
As for the others, they were baffled by this.
"Brother Yue held back again?"
"He actually didn't even manage to tear that kid's clothes …"
"But he's obviously angry. Is there something wrong with that kid's clothes?"
Although Luo Zheng was protected by the Concentric Clothes, Leng Lin Yue's casual claw marks could still penetrate a portion of the power into Luo Zheng's body. As the power leaked out, it continued to wreak havoc inside Luo Zheng's body. This was after the Concentric Clothes had reduced most of the power. If not, even if his body was strong, he probably wouldn't be able to escape the fate of being torn apart.
"Hmph." Although Leng Lin Yue was surprised by Luo Zheng's protective clothes, he didn't waste any time talking nonsense. He once again pounced on Luo Zheng …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
As he rushed over, he waved one hand casually in the air. Claw marks strangely stuck in the air for a long time and didn't dissipate. The moment he got close to Luo Zheng, the claw marks that Leng Lin Yue had left in the air before quickly extended. These claw marks extended towards Luo Zheng's body like blades.
"Slash, slash, slash …"
At this moment, there were more than ten claw marks constantly cutting Luo Zheng's body.
Every claw mark that cut through Luo Zheng's Concentric Clothes emitted a horrifying sound. This power continued to wreak havoc inside Luo Zheng's body and continuously destroy Luo Zheng's five viscera and six bowels.
"Puff …"
Luo Zheng kept spitting out blood, but his body still rolled to the other side. At the same time, he left a bright golden trail of blood on the ground. He was now an arrow at the end of its flight. The power contained in Leng Lin Yue's strange claw marks was too special. Luo Zheng's body simply couldn't withstand it.
Leng Lin Yue walked leisurely. A trace of contempt appeared on his face. Just now, he had accidentally injured Luo Zheng. This showed that he was too careless. It didn't mean that Luo Zheng was strong … Just as Leng Lin Yue was about to chase after Luo Zheng to end his life, a graceful figure suddenly appeared.
This time, it was Han Liusu. She stood in front of Luo Zheng and said coldly to Leng Lin Yue, "Let him go."
"He killed Xie Jiao. He's already dead. You know this very well. Even if I let him go, he'll still die." Leng Lin Yue stared at this woman and sneered. He and Han Liusu didn't have any feelings for each other, but she was still his fiancée. Once an agreement was made, it was almost impossible to change it.
"You don't have to deal with him." Han Liusu said seriously.
Leng Lin Yue tilted his head and sneered, "What if I say no?"
"Crash …"

Chapter 1837
The three siblings of the Han Clan were famous in the Sea of Time.
The youngest siblings of the Han Clan's Sage Emperor, Han Cangyan, Han Liusu, and Han Chuyue, were all well-known figures among the younger generation!
Han Chuyue was ranked second among the Proving Gods, Han Liusu was ranked third among the Lower True Gods, and Han Cangyan was ranked first among the Pseudo Middle True Gods.
There were a total of 36 floating islands in the Sea of Time, which were the 36 Great Clans. The geniuses of each Great Clan were not to be underestimated. Not only were there geniuses from the main Great Clan, there were also geniuses from the side branches of the main Great Clan, and there were also countless outstanding geniuses from other clans …
The three siblings of the Han Clan were all at the top of the rankings. They had indeed created quite a miracle. There were even people who exclaimed that the Han Clan was about to rise again. In the future, they might even fight for the position of the top three Great Clans.
Not long after returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Han Liusu condensed her own Godhead.
But her Godhead was very special …
Because the world in her body was completely different from other people's.
Before condensing her Godhead, Han Liusu only knew that her body would mysteriously emit that fatal blue Deviant Fire. That Deviant Fire was completely out of her control, and it had even harmed her loved ones. Because of this, Han Liusu was very distressed.
But even the Sage Emperor was unable to recognize this Deviant Fire, and was unable to help his daughter get rid of it.
When Han Liusu condensed her Godhead, her Inner World underwent a drastic change.
The Inner World that she had painstakingly created suddenly spewed out endless blue Deviant Fire. The Deviant Fire completely destroyed her Inner World, and all the living beings in her Inner World perished.
This process was very painful, and as a girl, Han Liusu watched as the countless living beings she had created were burned. She was in so much pain that she wished she was dead.
When the Deviant Fire descended, a huge blue cloud of fire formed in the sky above her Inner World. It was this cloud of fire that condensed her Godhead, allowing her to become a Lower True God …
At the same time, countless living beings were born in her Inner World.
These creatures were not humans, they were not created according to Han Liusu's own will. They were all monsters born from this sea of fire. These monsters lived with ease in the blue flames and began to reproduce, becoming the "natives" of this world.
Generally, the godhead a Proving God cultivator cultivated would be one of the three thousand divine daos. For example, if one cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao, then the godhead condensed from the Dao Accumulation of the Five Elements Divine Dao would definitely be the Five Elements Godhead.
However, Han Liusu's Godhood was very special. It belonged to the 'Mutated Godhood' category.
The Realm of the Gods was vast and boundless, and there were countless Gods. Indeed, there were a small number of Divine Warriors who had managed to condense some strange and unique Godhoods. These Godhoods were outside of the 3,000 Divine Daos, but most of them did not have any special use. They were even called "trash" Godhoods.
However, this was often the case for Heterogeneous Divinities. Most of them were useless Divinities, but a small number of them possessed unparalleled power!
Han Liusu belonged to the latter category.
Relying on her own understanding of this blue Heavenly Flame, she rapidly accumulated points in the Arena of Gods and quickly climbed to the third place on the ranking board.
She was the only woman among the top ten lower True Gods, and she had stunned everyone on the thirty-six floating islands.
It was said that the reason the Leng Clan was willing to marry the Han Clan was because of Han Liusu's uniqueness.
Now, the blue flames burning on Han Liusu's body were much purer and stronger than back in the Forbidden Grounds of God Refinement.
Han Liusu was definitely not Leng Lin Yue's match, but Leng Lin Yue was very wary of her flames.
Though he was wary, with his strength, it would be too easy for him to defeat Han Liusu. However, Han Liusu was still the woman he liked, and the marriage between the Leng Clan and Han Clan had already spread like wildfire on the floating islands.
Now, in order to stop him, this woman was willing to fight him, and she was doing it for another man.
How could the proud Leng Lin Yue endure this?
The corners of his eyes twitched slightly, his eyes releasing a murderous light as he stared fixedly at Han Liusu, asking, "For an outsider, a nameless junior from the grassroots, you are willing to treat me like this! You're my future wife! "
When the hedonistic sons in the hall heard Leng Lin Yue's words, they exchanged strange looks. Why did brother Yue suddenly explode …
The flames on Han Liusu's hair flickered, and a trace of mockery appeared in her eyes. "You're called Leng Lin Yue right?"
"What do you want to say?" Leng Lin Yue asked.
"We've only met a few times. Although father set the marriage, he never asked for my permission. Do I know you that well? And I'm your future wife. Do you have any shame? If there really comes a day when I have no choice but to marry you, I'll kill myself in advance. Do you understand? "Han Liusu said indifferently, as though it was natural for her to do so.
Leng Lin Yue's eye twitched even more.
No man would be able to endure such humiliation, let alone such an outstanding person like him.
A towering rage was ignited by Han Liusu's words, and a violent killing intent emanated from his handsome face. The aura he exuded was like a storm formed by countless evil spirits, wreaking havoc in the hall.
Anyone who sensed that killing intent would be flustered. Even the upper true gods were the same.
Uncle Gong was already slowly walking forward. At the same time, he said indifferently, "Everyone, although we're all guards of a noble family, there are some things that I have to say clearly. If this brat intends to harm the Han family's princess, I will definitely kill him! If you try to stop him, then prepare to face the Han family's fury … "
These juniors were messing around, so Uncle Gong naturally had to abide by the rules and not participate. At the same time, he couldn't stop them.
But if the Han family's core disciples were in danger, he couldn't just sit by and watch.
The upper true gods also realized the severity of the situation. If the young master of the Leng family really killed the eldest princess of the Han family, the blame on them would not be small either. They wanted to control the situation as quickly as possible.
However, Leng Lin Yue didn't move. They also maintained their restraint. According to the logic of a noble family's guard, these noble family's disciples shouldn't get involved if they could!
"Hahahaha …"
After Leng Lin Yue's killing intent wreaked havoc for a long time, he suddenly looked up to the sky and laughed wildly.
After laughing, he looked down at Han Liusu and said, "What kind of person am I, Leng Lin Yue, to be bound by a woman like you? Let me tell you, the marriage between the Leng and Han families is an established fact! You can die, but if you die, there's still your sister! Your sister can also die, but if she dies, there's still her cousin … "
Hearing this, Han Chu Yue and Han Bi Luo glanced at each other, their hearts filled with sorrow.
Han Liusu's eyes slightly jumped. Leng Lin Yue wasn't someone who would admit defeat. If she could do what she said, then so could Leng Lin Yue.
"I won't talk about this with you today." Leng Lin Yue continued, "But the person behind you must die!"
"You can try." Han Liusu had already thrown caution to the wind. Luo Zheng stood up for Han Chuyue. She couldn't let Luo Zheng die because of this.
Luo Zheng who was lying on the ground couldn't move. Blood continuously flowed out. He leaned against the door of the hall and looked at Han Liusu's back. The flickering flames on her hair made Luo Zheng's eyes blur.
She should've discovered his identity by now?
According to normal logic, even if "Luo Tian Xing" caused this disaster because of Han Chuyue, Han Liusu wouldn't be so determined to protect him …
At this time, Luo Zheng felt a figure flash not far away. A gust of wind blew over. His heart sank. If Leng Lin Yue really wanted to kill him, Han Liusu wouldn't be able to stop him!
Seeing Leng Lin Yue rushing towards her, Han Liusu also rushed towards Luo Zheng and hugged Luo Zheng tightly.
"Huala!"
The blazing blue Mystical Fire swept out with a loud rumble, enveloping an area with a radius of thirty feet.

Chapter 1838
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng had been refined by Han Liusu's unknown strange flame …
It was also because of this strange flame that he was chosen by the Mountain Shattering Clan. Otherwise, the two of them would not have been able to leave the Mountain Shattering Clan.
Perhaps because of the Mountain Shattering Clan's Avoiding Disaster Incense, it could stimulate any living being's most primal instincts. That hug was deeply engraved in Han Liusu's heart. Every time she thought about it, it was still fresh in her mind. She had always missed Luo Zheng.
But she knew in her heart that Luo Zheng was destined to be a passerby in her life.
He was burdened with a blood feud, possessed heaven-defying talent, and had lofty ambitions. However, what he wanted to accomplish was destined to be an impossible task.
Even though Han Liusu was clearly aware of this, but when she noticed Luo Tianxing and judged that Luo Tianxing and Luo Zheng might be the same person, Han Liusu no longer had any reservations in her heart. She wanted to do everything she could to help him.
But she did not expect things to reach this stage. First, Luo Zheng killed Xie Jiao. At the same time, Leng Lin Yue wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
Just now, she had already gotten rid of Uncle Gong and asked her brother Han Cangyan to hurry over. But for some reason, Han Cangyan still had not arrived.
In a moment of desperation, Han Liusu could only hug Luo Zheng. At the same time, she used her own godhead to draw out the blue strange flame from her inner world. It completely enveloped her and Luo Zheng …
"Ah, if sister does this, won't it burn Luo Tianxing to death …" Han Chuyue stared blankly at the raging flames.
Han Biluo also stared at this scene. She said softly: "I don't know if Luo Tianxing can withstand it."
"How can he withstand sister's flame? Have you forgotten how strong sister's flame is?" Han Chuyue asked.
They were Han Liusu's closest people. They were most aware of the terror of the blue Deviant Flame on Han Liusu's body. Since young, Han Chu Yue had been warned not to get too close to her sister. However, Han Chu Yue rarely listened to such warnings. She still liked to run with her sister.
Strangely enough, when Han Chuyue was by Han Liusu's side, her uncontrollable Deviant Fire never once erupted.
However, Han Chuyue's uncontrollable outbursts had left a terrifying impression on Han Chuyue. More than once, Han Jia's people had died because of her Deviant Fire, so for a period of time, no one dared to serve Han Liusu's daily needs.
The two little girls stared blankly at this scene. In the end, Luo Tianxing had stood up for the two of them. Who would have thought that he would be burned alive by his elder sister in the end? It was too pitiful.
Leng Linyue and the other rich kids also believed that Luo Zheng would be burned to death.
They had also heard of the mystical flames on Han Liusu's body. Some of them had even lost to Han Liusu multiple times in the Arena of the Gods because of this flame …
"Hualala …"
The blue flame circled around Han Liusu. From the outside, one could only feel the temperature of the strange flame. They couldn't see the situation inside at all. Even divine sense couldn't penetrate it. Han Liusu didn't show any signs of stopping!
Leng Linyue stared at the flame for a long time without moving. He hated Luo Zheng to the core. As the saying went, if he was alive, he wanted to see the person. If he was dead, he wanted to see the corpse. Even if Luo Zheng was burned to ashes, he wanted to see it with his own eyes. But Han Liusu didn't seem to have any intention of stopping the flame.
With Han Liusu's Lower True God cultivation, it wouldn't be a problem for her to burn this flame for ten days.
"Enough, Liusu!" Leng Linyue said indifferently. The resentment in his eyes gradually dissipated …
Just now, he had been very agitated. But now, he had calmed down. Thinking of the Leng family's situation, his actions just now were indeed a bit impulsive. He had forgotten his father's teachings. It could be said that a small impatience spoiled the big plan. If the Leng family's plan succeeded, what was a mere Han Jia?
"Hualala …"
The flame was still wildly pulsing, but no sound could be heard from it.
"Liusu, if you're not willing to stop the flame, I'll have to forcibly extinguish it," Leng Linyue said again. There was a faint hint of threat in his voice.
Leng Linyue definitely couldn't completely extinguish the flame, but he naturally had a way to split it open and see what was really going on inside.
But Han Liusu still ignored him.
Within the flame, Han Liusu once again hugged Luo Zheng tightly …
She hadn't experienced much in her life. Even though she was the Han family's Holy Emperor's first daughter from the day she was born, and had always been treated like the apple of his eye. She had been treated hundreds of times better than her brother Han Cangyan. But most of her time had been spent in loneliness and helplessness. For as long as she could remember, she hated the Strange Flame within her body. It was because of this flame that she was treated like an alien.
Now, many of the younger generation in the rich and powerful families envied Han Liusu's innate talent. With that incomparably domineering Strange Flame, she had easily killed her way to third place on the Lower True God rankings. She even had the momentum to climb up. But what they didn't know was just how much Han Liusu hated her own innate talent.
"Hiss, hiss …"
The flame surrounding Han Liusu and Luo Zheng was divided into two layers. Now, Han Liusu's ability to control the flame had also become stronger. The inner layer of flame was spinning rapidly in a spiral shape, almost able to block everything.
But she was still a little worried. If Leng Linyue really wanted to break through her flame, he should be able to do it.
She gently touched Luo Zheng's cheek, looking at Luo Zheng's golden body. Those small golden Sanskrit characters were still spinning continuously, continuously absorbing her flame.
If before she had felt that "Luo Tianxing" was 90% likely to be Luo Zheng, then now she was 100% sure. Only Luo Zheng could safely and unscathed under her Strange Flame …
Seeing this scene, Han Liusu faintly felt a sense of happiness.
She liked Luo Zheng not because of his innate talent or strength, but because he had a sense of destiny.
Luo Zheng seemed to have a natural need to use flames to burn his body, and in the process, he could become stronger. Han Liusu, on the other hand, was born to release this Strange Flame. She felt that she and Luo Zheng were destined to be together. When women experienced love, they were very superstitious about this point. Without a doubt, Han Liusu was at this stage.
"Why did you change your appearance after coming to the Han Clan's floating island? Why didn't you come find me?" Han Liusu asked softly.
If Han Biluo hadn't returned to the Han Clan's ancestral land, and if she hadn't happened to encounter these things here, she probably would never have known that Luo Zheng had come to the floating island.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Instead, he put on an innocent expression, as if Han Liusu had mistaken him for someone else …
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had indeed planned to bite the bullet and not admit it. That way, Han Liusu wouldn't be able to do anything to him. He never thought that in the end, he would still need this woman to protect him. And with this Strange Flame burning his body, the truth would be revealed.
"Afraid that I would betray you?" Han Liusu continued to ask. Perhaps there was a trace of resentment in her heart, and she faintly had a questioning tone.
She did know Luo Zheng's identity, and even more so knew some of his secrets. However, this didn't mean that she would stand on the side of the Sage Hall … On the contrary, she would do her best to help Luo Zheng!
Seeing Han Liusu's serious expression, Luo Zheng said softly, "No, I'm afraid of implicating you …"
In reality, under Luo Zheng's consideration, Han Liusu and Han Chuyue were indeed uncontrollable factors. However, Luo Zheng was also afraid of implicating Han Liusu. Because once the elders of the Han Clan found out the truth, they definitely wouldn't stand on Luo Zheng's side. At that time, Han Liusu would probably be in an even more difficult position.

Chapter 1839
Feeling Han Liusu's tenderness, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
To Luo Zheng, this trip to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was just a training. He didn't think that he would leave such a deep impression in this woman's heart.
But when he thought about what he had to face, he remained silent.
Relying on a woman's help was not in line with Luo Zheng's character!
From the moment he stepped onto the martial path, he had never placed his hopes on others. For those who helped him, Luo Zheng would always repay them more.
Later on, when he found out that his father had been silently plotting behind him and helping him improve, he was very disappointed. This was his character, and it was hard to change it in a short period of time.
Leng Linyue narrowed his eyes, revealing a faint cold light. He walked around the ball of flames …
He had heard of this blue strange flame long ago, so he naturally didn't dare to touch it.
But that didn't mean he couldn't do anything about it!
This woman had used a blue Deviant Flame to envelop that brat. If news of this spread out, it would be a great humiliation for him, Leng Lin Yue. He hadn't thought that Han Liusu would do something so outrageous. She didn't consider her own clan at all.
If that kid had been burned to ashes, Han Liusu should have removed the flame. What was the meaning of continuing to burn?
Everyone present looked at each other in dismay …
After a while, Leng Linyue finally lost his patience. He stretched out his hand and slammed it down. A series of sharp claw marks extended from his hand.
These claw marks floated in the air and revolved around Leng Linyue. Anyone who approached Leng Linyue would be cut into pieces by these claw marks …
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The claw marks spun faster and faster. At the same time, they condensed along his body. All of the claw marks turned into small spirals and gathered in his hand. When these spirals gathered, it was like a small spinning top in his hand!
Then he threw it lightly and spat out the word "go". The spinning top whistled past and rushed into the flame that Han Liusu had set up!
"Hualala …"
The Strange Fire with tassels could devour everything, but Leng Linyue's spirals were formed from the claw marks formed by the "force". They were essentially a mass of high-speed spinning energy. Once the energy entered the flames, it immediately caused a burst of chaotic airflow. The flames were blown askew, and a path was opened from within.
In less than a breath's time, the flames could no longer cover Luo Zheng and Han Liusu. The flames released by Han Liusu were easily destroyed by Leng Lin Yue!
When Leng Linyue saw that Han Liusu was still hugging Luo Zheng, and that her skin was so close to Luo Zheng's, a vicious glint appeared in his eyes.
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo also looked at each other, their eyes revealing endless astonishment …
"This Luo Tianxing is not afraid of the barrier's Heavenly Flame!" Han Biluo cried out.
Han Chuyue's eyes flashed slightly, "Sister … knows! This person is … this person is … "
"Who is this person?" Han Bi Luo asked Han Chu Yue in astonishment.
Han Chuyue shook her head and did not speak. Her small mouth suddenly curled up.
Previously, Han Liusu had suddenly used the Strange Fire to envelop herself and Luo Zheng. This made Han Chuyue very confused. Wasn't this method burning this "Luo Tianxing" to death?
Now that Han Liusu saw that Luo Tianxing was perfectly fine, she immediately linked it to Luo Zheng.
Her sister had told her that Luo Zheng was the only person who was not afraid of her Strange Fire.
At that time, Han Chuyue did not believe it. She only said that Luo Zheng relied on a body protection treasure or a special technique to resist.
But Han Liusu shook her head and denied it. She told Han Chuyue that Luo Zheng's body was very special, and was indeed immune to most flames.
Now that she saw Luo Tianxing's appearance, no matter how slow Han Chuyue was, she could understand. Moreover, her sister should have already realized that Luo Tianxing's true identity was Luo Zheng. Otherwise, she would not have used her own Strange Fire!
"Interesting, what a pair of dogs!" Leng Linyue lightly said.
"Sou!"
As his voice fell, he followed the spiral path and rushed into the sea of fire.
Leng Linyue rushing in like this was very dangerous. However, he was bold and his cultivation was also a level higher than Han Liusu's. Now, even if he had to take the risk, he would still kill Luo Zheng!
And at this moment, he wanted to kill not only Luo Zheng, but also Han Liusu!
Today, he and the Leng family's rich kids had come to the Han family's floating island just to pay a visit to Han Liusu. As for Liu Chengtian and the others teasing Han Chuyue and Han Biluo, it was a very common thing between rich kids. He did not expect that Luo Zheng's interference would cause the situation to develop to a point where it was difficult to stop.
However, Leng Linyue did not reflect on himself. Liu Chengtian and Xie Jiao were both weak and wanted to kill Luo Zheng at the same time. In the end, Xie Jiao was killed by Luo Zheng. He was just seeking his own death!
It was just that Leng Linyue had viewed Luo Zheng as an ant outside of the floating island from the very beginning. He did not treat him as an equal.
Usually, these scions of the rich and powerful clans would feel this way. The outer clan scions of the various floating islands were not as strong as these scions of the rich and powerful. In fact, there was a considerable gap between them, so the outer clan scions wouldn't easily offend the rich and powerful scions. But this time, they were unlucky to encounter Luo Zheng.
Han Liusu saw that a path had been cut open in the sea of fire and Leng Linyue was rushing in. Her gaze immediately turned cold. Her slender fingers lightly brushed, and wisps of blue flames floated out and swept towards Leng Linyue.
This method was indeed difficult for a lower true god to deal with. Countless geniuses in the Arena of Gods had been incinerated by this move of Han Liusu's. However, as a middle true god ranked in the top five, Leng Linyue naturally had a way to deal with it.
He lightly waved his hands, and small balls of wind formed from his hands!
"Wind Shaping Dance …"
Leng Linyue lightly flicked his fingers, and the balls of wind continuously rolled in all directions around him.
Although Han Liusu's flames were extremely vigorous, those flames were unable to escape within three chi of him. His face was full of contempt. He glanced at Han Liusu indifferently, and then slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. "Letting a woman protect you, and it's someone else's woman … Hehe, this is the first time I, Leng Linyue, have seen such a shameless man! However, this world is fair. Placing your hopes on others will only result in disappointment! Go die … "
As soon as he finished speaking, he had already raised his arm. Faint bits of sharp light faintly condensed between his fingers. This time, he was determined to kill Luo Zheng.
Just as Leng Linyue was about to attack, Han Liusu flipped over, and a fire snake formed from her fingertips and coiled towards Leng Linyue!
This kind of move was no threat to Leng Linyue. He coldly snorted, and his body flickered, disappearing from Luo Zheng and Han Liusu's sight. In the next moment, he was already close to Han Liusu.
"I didn't think that before you've even married into my Leng Clan, you'd be lectured by my Leng Clan. I'll let you know what it means to respect your husband!"
"Slap!"
As soon as he finished speaking, Leng Linyue heavily slapped Han Liusu's face.
This slap was quite heavy, and Han Liusu flew to the side …
Lying on the ground, Luo Zheng's eyes were cold. He stared fixedly at Leng Linyue, not saying a word. At this point, there was nothing he could do.
Only the Evil Old Man in his mind sighed faintly, "Young people are still too impulsive …"
The Evil Old Man naturally didn't want to see Luo Zheng provoke these rich kids. With Luo Zheng's current strength and status, it was purely an act of suicide. But in the end, he was just a soul residing in Luo Zheng's mind. How could he influence Luo Zheng's decisions?
"What a hateful gaze," Leng Linyue looked down at Luo Zheng. Claw marks slowly emerged from his fingers, slowly descending towards Luo Zheng's mind!
Han Liusu and Han Biluo stood motionless, their little fists tightly clenched. They had no idea what to do.
Just as Leng Linyue's claw mark was halfway down, the hall's door suddenly opened with a "kacha" sound. The moment the door was pushed open, a powerful aura swept out, and at the same time, a strong figure fiercely slammed into Leng Linyue!
"Bang!"
Leng Linyue groaned, and was pushed back ten steps. At the same time, he heard a voice say, "You just went to the forbidden area, and you bunch of blind people came to my Han Clan's territory to behave so atrociously. Do you think my Han Clan has no one?"

Chapter 1840
Han Cangyan's figure wasn't very tall, and he even looked a little thin. However, since he stepped into the hall, he naturally exuded a domineering aura …
Most of the rich people on the floating island were concentrated in the three stages of proving divinity, lower true god, and middle true god.
After truly cultivating to become an upper true god, they would break away from these circles and begin to focus on breaking through to the Great Perfection Realm and the higher levels of the world. Middle true gods had an extremely strong right to speak among the rich and powerful disciples. After all, their cultivation was the highest in this circle, so naturally, they were also the strongest.
And Han Cangyan was ranked first among middle true god, so he was considered the strongest among the young generation of this group of rich people!
Han Cangyan didn't care to mingle with these rich people.
These rich people were divided into four or five circles according to their family. They all wanted to rope in Han Cangyan, but he didn't care about them at all …
Han Cangyan glanced at Leng Linyue, then looked around and finally landed on Han Liusu.
Leng Linyue's slap wasn't light. Half of Han Liusu's white face was swollen, and there was a clear palm print.
Seeing that, Han Cangyan frowned and asked coldly, "Who hit you?"
Before Han Liusu could speak, Han Chuyue pointed at Leng Linyue and shouted, "Him!"
Han Cangyan stared at Leng Linyue and said, "You've got guts, Leng Linyue."
Hearing that, Leng Linyue's eyes narrowed. "Han Cangyan, do you know what your sister did?"
Leng Linyue felt that he had the right to teach Han Liusu a lesson. After all, she would marry into the Leng family sooner or later. No man would feel bad about what Han Liusu had done now!
Who knew that Han Cangyan had already started walking towards Leng Linyue. "I don't care what my sister did wrong. Whoever dares to hit her should be prepared to be hit! "
Seeing Han Cangyan slowly approaching, Leng Linyue also slowly retreated. He raised his hands and continued to explain, "Han Cangyan, there must be reason and rules. Our Leng family …"
Leng Linyue still wanted to use the Leng family. After all, the Leng family's foundation was much deeper than the Han family's.
But Han Cangyan no longer gave him a chance.
Everyone felt an oppressive aura burst forth. Everyone's shoulders suddenly sank. Han Cang Yan had already charged towards Leng Lin Yue at an incomparably strange speed.
Han Cangyan didn't even use his own Godhead, directly using a shoulder strike!
Han Cangyan was ranked first among the middle True Gods, while Leng Linyue was ranked fifth. Logically speaking, the actual gap between them was not that big. However, the competition between the middle True Gods was quite fierce. This fierce process was reflected in the second and eighth place.
For example, Leng Lin Yue, who was ranked third last month, was now ranked fifth. It could be said that the difference in strength between the second and eighth place wasn't that big.
The person ranked ninth was no match for the seven of them. Similarly, this group of people was no match for Han Cangyan.
After encountering Han Cangyan in the Arena of Gods, these seven people could only be brutally abused by Han Cangyan.
For example, Leng Lin Yue had encountered Han Cangyan four times in the Arena of Gods. Every time, Leng Lin Yue had used all his means, but he still lost completely. There was no suspense at all.
Encountering this guy outside the Arena of Gods again, how could Leng Lin Yue have the desire to fight?
Facing Han Cangyan's "shoulder strike," Leng Lin Yue didn't try to fight back. Instead, he kept retreating, trying to completely avoid Han Cangyan's strike. However, although his speed wasn't slow, Han Cangyan's speed was even faster …
Seeing that he couldn't avoid it, Leng Lin Yue clenched his teeth and suddenly twisted his body. Two golden Sanskrit characters started to appear on the back of his hands!
As the hope of the younger generation of the Leng family, Leng Lin Yue had received all kinds of preferential treatment in the Leng family. These two golden Sanskrit characters had always been his trump card. Previously, he naturally didn't use them to deal with Luo Zheng. Now, facing Han Cangyan, he didn't have any hesitation. Han Cangyan was a monster in the eyes of all the middle True Gods.
"Is it useful?" When Han Cangyan saw the golden Sanskrit characters on the back of Leng Lin Yue's hands, a trace of mockery appeared on his face. He reached out his hand and pulled at Leng Lin Yue.
An invisible force suddenly pulled the retreating Han Cangyan over!
Before Leng Lin Yue could react, Han Cangyan's slap had already landed on his face.
This slap was much more powerful than the one on Han Liusu's face before. However, Han Cangyan still held back. Otherwise, with his understanding of the Strength Divine Path, this slap would have been able to chop Leng Lin Yue's head off.
In the Arena of Gods, many people had experienced Han Cangyan's "slap." Most of the opponents who were hit by his slap had their heads separated from their bodies.
"Slap!"
A crisp sound echoed in the main hall.
Leng Lin Yue's entire body flipped in mid-air. He flipped for a distance of more than ten feet before landing heavily in the corner of the wall and fainting.
"I, Han Cangyan, don't know any rules. Whoever dares to touch my Han Jia's people should ask themselves if they have the strength to do so," Han Cangyan said loudly. His words seemed to be directed at Leng Lin Yue, but also seemed to be directed at the rich playboys present.
"Han Cangyan … Is your Han Jia begging our Leng Family now? Do you really think you'll have a good life after offending our Leng Family? "A voice came from the crowd. It was Leng Lin Yue's younger cousin, Leng Hao.
When Leng Hao saw his cousin get hit, he naturally felt ashamed and brought up the Leng Family.
Now, everyone knew that Han Jia was sucking up to the Leng Family, but Leng Lin Yue was still being bullied by Han Jia. This didn't make sense!
Hearing Leng Hao's words, Han Cangyan sneered. "You're saying you can represent the Leng Family? Or that guy on the ground can represent the Leng Family? "
As the fourth-ranked rich family, the Leng Family was intricate and complicated.
Even if the Leng Family was willing to marry Leng Lin Yue to Han Liusu, it didn't mean that Leng Lin Yue's position in the Leng Family was very high. Just like Han Cangyan, even if he was the number one middle true god, so what? He only represented the future of Han Jia. He didn't have much power in the family.
In the eyes of the saints, the Arena of Gods was just a child's game. If you wanted to get the full power of your family, you had to cultivate to perfection before you had the right to speak. This was the rule of most rich families.
Leng Hao choked at Han Cangyan's question.
"All of you, get out of Han Jia's floating island," Han Cangyan said coldly.
The rich kids all felt their hearts tremble. They lowered their heads and walked out of the hall. Leng Hao also put Leng Lin Yue on his shoulder. Before he left, he said, "We can't represent the Leng Family, but someone has to take responsibility for Xie Jiao's death."
After that, Leng Hao glared at Luo Zheng before leaving.
When Han Cangyan entered the hall, he noticed the pool of blood in the center. He didn't know that Xie Jiao had been killed.
After the rich kids all left, Han Cangyan asked with a cold face, "Who killed Xie Jiao?"
These rich kids didn't have much power in their families, but if they died, it would be a big problem.
Some kids didn't usually keep their word, but if something happened to them, their parents would naturally be furious. The rich families were no exception.
"It's him," said a Han Jia kid, pointing at Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1841
Han Cangyan didn't know the whole story.
But if Xie Jiao was really killed here, it definitely wasn't a small matter.
The rules of the rich families were that outer family disciples could die, even non-core disciples could die. If a core disciple of the family died, they would definitely be investigated.
Xie Jiao's position in the Xie family was revered. If something like this happened, the Xie family definitely wouldn't let it go.
Under Han Cangyan's gaze, Luo Zheng replied neither servile nor overbearing, "I'm called Luo Tianxing."
"You killed Xie Jiao?" Han Cangyan asked again.
Han Cangyan himself wasn't familiar with Xie Jiao. Xie Jiao's performance among the core disciples of the rich families was outstanding, but it wasn't enough for Han Cangyan to notice.
But there were almost no weaklings in the rich families. Xie Jiao was a lower true god. Luo Zheng, a mere proof god, could kill Xie Jiao. This was hard for Han Cangyan to understand …
"I did kill Xie Jiao," Luo Zheng replied seriously.
Faced with irrefutable facts, Luo Zheng would never try to escape.
After confirming this fact from Luo Zheng, Han Cangyan asked again, "Why did you kill Xie Jiao?"
Under Han Cangyan's series of questions, Han Chuyue rushed in front of Han Cangyan. Her delicate eyebrows were tightly knitted. She stared at Han Cangyan and said angrily, "You're asking him why? What reason do you think there is? Isn't it because these bastards are messing around in our Han family? "
As a rich family disciple, how could Han Cangyan not know these details. Even if he hadn't experienced it, he could roughly guess what had happened.
In the younger generation, Han Cangyan's prestige was extremely high. His position in the Han family was very high. Even the elders of the Han family were polite to him. Only his two sisters were not afraid of him at all.
When Han Chuyue was angry, she vented on Han Cangyan. Han Cangyan could only stare blankly and have nothing to say.
After a while, Han Liusu said softly, "Now is not the time to blame …"
When the siblings heard Han Liusu speak, they both looked at Han Liusu.
The handprint on Han Liusu's face gradually faded, but the slap was extremely deep, half of her originally gentle and beautiful face was already swollen.
Han Cangyan's heart ached when he saw this. He casually took out a bunch of emerald green grass from his Sumeru Space. In the middle of the bunch of grass, there was a small flower in full bloom. In the middle of the flower, there was a small human face.
When Han Cangyan grabbed the grass, he used two fingers to gently twist it. The small face suddenly let out a scream, and at the same time, it was crushed by his fingers, and then smeared on Han Liusu's face.
Soon, Han Liusu's swollen left face disappeared and returned to its original appearance.
"I know, but someone has to take responsibility for this," Han Cangyan said indifferently.
Han Cangyan felt that this matter was not difficult to deal with. He and Luo Tianxing were neither relatives nor friends. Since Luo Tianxing was the one who killed Luo Tianxing and caused the trouble, he naturally had to bear the responsibility!
As a core disciple of the Han Family, everything he did was for the benefit of the family.
Han Liusu coldly glanced at her brother. She had already seen through Han Cangyan's thoughts. "Han Chuyue already said that Luo Tianxing acted for us. Do you still want him to bear the responsibility?"
"Even if he acted for you, he shouldn't have killed Xie Jiao. Xie Jiao's crime didn't warrant death," Han Cangyan replied. He was a bit surprised. Han Liusu and Han Chuyue were not unreasonable people. They clearly understood the seriousness of this matter. It was very likely that it would directly alarm the Xie and Han Family Saint Emperors.
"According to brother's meaning, Luo Tianxing should have just stood there and let Xie Jiao kill him?" Han Chuyue suddenly ridiculed.
Han Biluo stood behind Han Chuyue, not saying anything. She naturally felt that Han Cangyan was in the wrong, but her relationship with Han Cangyan had become estranged. She was too embarrassed to teach this' cousin 'a lesson, so she could only let Han Chuyue do it.
"Those elders only look at the result, not the process. The truth is that Xie Jiao was killed by Luo Tianxing, and Luo Tianxing is fine," Han Cangyan retorted.
"But brother, you don't know how hateful those fellows are …"
"…"
Just as Han Chuyue and Han Cangyan were arguing, Han Liusu suddenly interjected, "I will use my life to protect Luo Tianxing. If he is taken away by the Xie Family to be executed, I, Han Liusu, will die with him."
Han Liusu's words were very indifferent, but they were also very resolute, as if there was no room for negotiation.
"Liusu …" Han Cangyan was also startled.
"Sister …" Han Chuyue's heart skipped a beat. Her guess had finally become reality.
After returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Han Chuyue felt that her sister had always been strange. She rarely accompanied her, and almost put all of her heart and soul into cultivation. At the same time, she had achieved astonishing results in the arena!
Other than that, her sister didn't have much interest in other things. But whenever they recalled the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, whenever Luo Zheng was mentioned, her sister's eyes would light up, as if she had become a completely different person.
At that time, Han Chuyue guessed that her sister had probably fallen in love with that fellow.
She had also seen through Luo Zheng's identity and understood the reason.
But Han Cangyan was completely in the dark. When he suddenly heard Han Liusu's words, he was immediately dumbfounded.
Han Cangyan was also a disciple of a rich family. In his eyes, all the other disciples added together weren't as important as a single Han Liusu. He had always only acknowledged his own family members! Was there a need for Han Liusu to die for an outer disciple? And from the looks of it, this outer disciple should have just entered Han Jia's floating island not long ago!
Han Biluo also felt that it was strange. Luo Tianxing had fallen into such big trouble because he had helped her and Han Chuyue. Han Cangyan wanted to sacrifice Luo Tianxing and leave Han Jia aside. Han Biluo was also very angry, but Han Liusu wouldn't have such a big reaction.
Luo Zheng lay on the ground, constantly circulating his blood and Primordial Astral Nova to heal his injuries. Han Liusu's resolute words moved him very much. The current situation had already exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations. He could only take one step at a time.
"Is there a need to do this for a cultivator who has proven himself to be a Divinity cultivator?" Han Cangyan thought for a while, trying to persuade Han Liusu.
"Big brother, you know my personality, so there's no need to say anything more." Han Liusu shook her head, stopping Han Cangyan's words. "If you try to hand Luo Tianxing over to the Xie family, then all words are meaningless!"
Han Cangyan feared no one in his life. In the forbidden lands, he had once fought with an upper True God and crawled back with half his body. He had once even disobeyed his father, the Han family's Saint Emperor, and risked everything to save someone in a forbidden land.
However, he was very protective of his two younger sisters.
Since Han Liusu said so, there was nothing he could do. "I can't make the decision on this matter. I ask the Han family's elders to make the decision." Saying so, Han Cangyan looked at Han Biluo.
Han Biluo's father was the Han family's current patriarch, the patriarch of the entire Han family, Han Tianxiao.
That night …
Luo Zheng's injuries had mostly healed. Uncle Gong, who had treated Luo Zheng, noticed Luo Zheng's recovery ability and clicked his tongue in wonder. After Uncle Gong healed the rest of Luo Zheng's hidden injuries, he tied him up and sent him to the Spirit Heart Palace on Han Jia's floating island.
In the Spirit Heart Palace, dozens of upper True Gods were lined up in a row in front of the palace, while several Perfection Stage experts stood on the floating platforms at the very top of the palace.
Although these experts had restrained their auras, there was still a powerful aura enveloping the Spirit Heart Palace. When Luo Zheng was sent in by Uncle Gong, all the experts of Han Jia turned to look at Luo Zheng. They wanted to see what kind of person this outsider who had killed Xie Jiao and caused such a huge disaster was.
Those gazes gathered on Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng even found it difficult to breathe, but he still sat on the ground and looked up, his expression neither servile nor overbearing.
"As far as I know, Xie Jiao's ranking among the lower True Gods is quite high. This outsider is just a Testimonial expert. Can he really kill Xie Jiao?"
Most people found it hard to believe when they heard about this.

Chapter 1842
News of Xie Jiao's death hadn't spread yet. At the very least, no one from the Xie Family had come to the floating island to denounce them.
But Han Jia didn't treat this as a small matter.
In truth, the Xie and Liu Families, which were ranked last, didn't have much say in the sea of time.
Although these two families had Sages, they did not have a deep foundation. In the fierce competition, these two families were even at risk of falling into the sea of time.
Powerful families had to have Saints, but a Saint didn't necessarily make them a powerful family!
In the divine realm, there were a few "pseudo-powerful" families. These families had Saints, but their combined strength didn't have the right to enter the sea of time, nor did they have their own floating island.
So to become a powerful family, it didn't depend on a single Saint, but on the combined strength of the entire family.
Han Jia didn't fear the Xie Family, and losing a few core disciples wouldn't be a big deal. But the Xie Family had a good relationship with some of the other powerful families on the floating island, and Han Jia was completely unreasonable. If the Xie Family chose to harass them, it would be troublesome.
Han Jia had to prepare in advance, and before that, Han Tianxiao had to clarify a few things.
"Report your name," Smiling Sky, who was in the middle, said faintly.
Although his voice was calm, there was an irresistible majesty in it. His voice echoed like thunder in Luo Zheng's ears, as if he were the only god in the world.
This was the bearing a god should have.
Luo Zheng looked up at the family leader. This was the first time he'd seen such a person. Although he was shocked, the muscles on his face seemed to have rusted. There was no expression to speak of.
"Luo Tianxing," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
"Do you know why you've been tied up here?" Han Tianxiao asked.
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng felt a bit gloomy.
It turned out that the top experts of the divine realm's powerful families had a lot of nonsense to say. Since Han Jia had tied him up, it was naturally because he'd killed Xie Jiao. Why ask such an obvious question again? Could it be that these True Gods wanted to hold a trial?
"I find it strange. You're all top experts of the divine realm. Why have you tied me up like this? Are you afraid that a measly Proving Divinity expert like me will escape?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Under such a rhetorical question, Smiling Heaven's face suddenly froze slightly.
Those who could step into Spirit Heart Palace, aside from the core members of the Han family, were all upper-class true gods. In Spirit Heart Palace, they had an oppressive aura. Even ordinary true gods would be scared. They would not dare speak.
Who would have thought that a mere Proof of Divinity martial artist would be able to restrain himself so freely, completely unaffected by the atmosphere of the scene!
Now, Han Tianxiao was a little convinced that Luo Tianxing really had the strength to kill Xie Jiao.
"How dare you! He actually dares to be so unreasonable in front of the Han family's family head! "an upper True God shouted coldly.
The voice was like a knife, shooting towards Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng felt a sharp pain on his face and chest, and his ears were buzzing.
"Puchi!"
The sound pierced through Luo Zheng's eardrums, and two streams of blood shot out from his left and right ear holes.
Although Luo Zheng was temporarily deaf, there was no trace of fear on his face. He continued, "Since you brought me here, you must have something to ask me. Since you've pierced my ears, I'm afraid I can only be deaf from now on!"
When the upper True God heard Luo Zheng's words, how could he reprimand him? But after thinking about it, this brat's eardrums were shattered. Obviously, he could not hear him. For a moment, he did not know how to deal with Luo Zheng …
On the other hand, Han Tianxiao smiled, not minding Luo Zheng's rudeness at all. He stretched out his hand, and a green light spread out from his palm. The green light turned into a light that illuminated the entire Spirit Heart Palace. The moment it came into contact with Luo Zheng, he felt a warm feeling coming from the surface of his body. At the same time, the pain in his ears disappeared, and his deafened ears returned to normal.
"You are the first junior who dares to speak like this in the Spirit Heart Palace," Han Tianxiao said slowly as he sized up Luo Zheng. "Some people are brave, and are not afraid of evil. Some people pretend to be calm, and deliberately do shocking things in order to gain appreciation. I don't know if you are the first type, or the second type?"
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to answer, Han Tianxiao continued, "But this is not important … Get up!" Finished speaking, he stretched out two fingers and lightly pinched. The ropes binding Luo Zheng's back instantly broke, and Luo Zheng felt his body relax. He had actually untied himself.
After getting up, Han Tianxiao became much more direct. "I'm sure you know why I summoned you to the Spirit Heart Palace today. A junior from the Xie Clan came to our floating island to make trouble. If he died, then so be it. Our Han Clan will not pity his life. However, if the Xie Clan pursues this matter, our Han Clan is not willing to take responsibility for it. Although you are an outer family disciple, our Han Clan has decided to give you a chance. If it were you, what would you do?"
The dignified patriarch of the Han Clan actually gave Luo Zheng a chance to choose. This was already an unprecedented preferential treatment. If it had been anyone else, or any true god, who had killed Xie Jiao, Han Jia would have immediately denied any involvement and handed the true god over to be dealt with.
So when Han Tianxiao said this, the upper echelons of the Han Clan all revealed looks of surprise. This was not Han Tianxiao's style at all!
Han Tianxiao naturally didn't want to go through so much trouble.
However, his precious daughter, Biluo, had told him again and again how Luo Tianxing had helped her and how he had provoked those rich kids because of her and Han Chuyue. In the end, he had no choice but to kill Xie Jiao, hoping Han Clan would protect Luo Tianxing.
At the same time, Han Cangyan had also spoken to Han Tianxiao, tactfully passing on Han Liusu's words. The eldest princess' meaning was that if they handed Luo Tianxing over to the Xie Clan, and Luo Tianxing was executed by the Xie Clan, Han Liusu would choose to die with him!
Several core disciples of the Han Clan had come out to protect this outsider to this extent!
This made Han Tianxiao very interested. He wanted to see just what kind of ability this kid had. Did he have the qualifications?
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and looked around. He then slowly said, "In all fairness, if the Han Clan hands me over to the Xie Clan, I'm afraid it will be the stupidest thing the Han Clan has done in this God Era!"
When these words came out, the faces of the Han Clan's upper echelons were filled with shock.
On the left side of Laughing in Heaven, a middle-aged brawny man wearing scarlet red armor laughed a few times, "Little fellow, are you confused?" Or do you think too highly of yourself? Perhaps you have some talent, but my Han Clan is filled with talents. How could we lose an outsider like you? Having confidence is a good thing, but being too arrogant will make you a laughingstock! "
The others also smiled and chimed in one after another. This little fellow is really arrogant beyond belief.
They had lived for so many God Eras. What kind of genius hadn't they seen?
Han Tianxiao's smile also slowly disappeared. People who were too arrogant were destined to be disliked. He coldly said, "Perhaps I'm wrong. You don't belong to those two types of people. You're just an arrogant person who doesn't know what you're talking about."
Luo Zheng also knew that his words were destined to make people hate him, but he didn't want to die. He wanted to have a chance to prove his worth. His worth had to be great enough for Han Clan to protect him!
Perhaps Han Liusu and Han Chuyue would make a move, but they might not be able to stop Han Clan's decision.
He could guess why Han Tianxiao wanted to see him. He wanted to measure whether or not he had that kind of value!
At this time, a gentle and elegant voice slowly drifted over. "I believe that handing this little guy over to the Xie Clan is the stupidest thing Han Clan has done in this God Era!"
As the voice fell, another person appeared in the Spirit Heart Palace. It was Han Clan's secondary saint, Aunt Han Jiu. She looked at Luo Zheng with a smile and said, "I was wondering why you didn't go to the Arena of Gods today. You actually came here to slack off. Come back with me quickly."
(After catching a bad cold this month, I've been troubled by inflammation for almost a month. My mental state is a little weak. Sorry, I'll try to reduce the number of wrong words in the future. But I still want to defend myself. Everyone's mental state has its ups and downs. This is especially true for someone who wrote one day in two years without a single day of rest. Moreover, towards the end of the writing, there are some things that are very difficult to deal with. Perhaps it's because this is the first time I've written such a long story. Please forgive me! M__M)

Chapter 1843
Luo Zheng was personally appointed to the Purple Soul Palace by Aunt Hanjiu.
But ever since Han Meng brought him to the Purple Soul Palace, Aunt Hanjiu had never communicated with him.
It was as if she only saw Luo Zheng as an ordinary disciple.
In reality, those who knew Aunt Hanjiu well knew that because she could only take in disciples with the Extreme Purple Yin Body, her disciples' talents were not as good as other saints'. Her disciples were indeed much weaker than the disciples of other saints.
Luo Zheng was a disciple that had been specially recommended by the Heaven-containing Palace. Such a genius, even if he entered the Saint Emperor City, would receive special treatment and attention. But when Luo Zheng entered the Purple Soul Palace, Aunty Jiu didn't ask about him. This was very strange.
What Luo Zheng did not know was that Aunt Hanjiu had always been silently watching him.
From the first time Luo Zheng stepped into the Arena of Gods, to the last time Luo Zheng appeared to encourage everyone, to Luo Zheng's consecutive victories, and even the battles in the Arena of Gods, Aunt Hanjiu had seen everything!
Normal people might not be able to see the situation inside the Jade Wall, but to Aunt Hanjiu, this was not a problem. She had watched almost all of Luo Zheng's battles …
As a secondary saint, Aunt Hanjiu's eyes were naturally not ordinary!
In her eyes, Luo Zheng was definitely not an Extreme Purple Yin Body. He should have relied on some special treasure to use the Purple Cloud Divine Dao. As for what treasure it was, even with Aunt Hanjiu's extensive knowledge, she could not figure it out.
But what truly shocked Aunt Hanjiu was not the Extreme Purple Yin Body, but Luo Zheng's true strength.
Since he had entered the Arena of Gods, he had won more than 30 consecutive matches. He had easily won against those Proof Divinity experts. The difference was so big that Aunt Han Jiu could not understand it. It was like a battle between a peak lower true god and a Proof Divinity expert. The difference in power was too big.
Aunt Hanjiu could not see how much strength Luo Zheng was hiding. Those Proof of Gods could not make Luo Zheng take them seriously.
Luo Zheng's words were indeed arrogant. Even Han Cangyan didn't have the qualifications to say that. But after Aunt Han Jiu's "endorsement", the nature was different. It was equivalent to Han Jia's secondary saint agreeing with Luo Zheng's words!
"Master." Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Aunt Hanjiu. He didn't have any interactions with the quasi-sage and didn't expect Aunt Hanjiu to appear at this time. Although Aunt Hanjiu wasn't his master, according to the Purple Soul Palace's custom, he still had to call Aunt Hanjiu as master.
Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly. "Come back with me."
Although this sentence was short, Luo Zheng's heart was still warm …
It was no wonder that the female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace were so reluctant. Although they were reluctant to give up the Han Family's floating island, they were even more reluctant to give up their master.
"Wait." Smiling in the sky stopped him.
But just as Smiling in the sky finished speaking, the purple light in Aunt Hanjiu's charming eyes flashed slightly. Strands of purple smoke rose up in the entire palace.
These strands of purple smoke spiraled upwards. There were a total of 49 strands of purple smoke, forming the Four Nine Divine Transformation Array. A faintly discernible killing intent spread out from this array. This killing intent wasn't dense, but it made people feel fear.
"Last time, it was you who convinced the Saint Emperor to make things difficult for my Purple Soul Palace. I, Aunt Hanjiu, endured it. But Smiling in the sky, you probably forgot who I, Aunt Hanjiu, am. Let alone you, even if the Saint Emperor himself was here, I would definitely bring this little fellow back." Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly.
The faintly discernible killing intent quietly spread out in the Spirit Heart Palace …
Luo Zheng could feel the murderous intent, but he couldn't understand how frightening it was. However, looking at the expressions of the upper Real Gods, the few Consummate Real Gods, and Han Tianxiao, he could tell.
Just a moment ago, these people were still as calm as water, their expressions as if everything was under control. But now, their faces were as pale as paper, and their eyes were filled with the word "fear."
They knew that although Aunt Hanjiu was still smiling, she was in fact angry!
When a secondary saint was angry, the entire Han Family floating island would shake!
Even the head of the family, Smiling in the sky, was stiff all over. His voice didn't seem to come from his throat. "Secondary saint, please calm down. It's just that he killed a direct descendant of the Xie family. If the Xie family decides to punish him, I'm afraid it will be difficult to explain."
Aunt Hanjiu naturally understood the situation before she came. Seeing her smile sinisterly, the killing intent hidden in the darkness suddenly surged. The hearts of the Han Family's upper echelons immediately hung in the air!
"So what if he killed a direct descendant of the Xie family? What is the cultivation of that direct descendant? "Aunt Hanjiu asked.
"Lower true god, ranked in the top 40 of the Arena of Gods," Smiling in the sky honestly replied. Even though he was the head of the Han family, he was still very nervous.
Previously, he had already offended Aunt Hanjiu once. But because of the Saint Emperor's decision, with Aunt Hanjiu's domineering attitude, she should have forcefully endured it. Smiling in the sky, he knew that she had already accumulated a considerable amount of resentment in her heart. If she took this chance to let it all out, then it would be terrible. Right now, he felt like he was walking on thin ice!
"Since he was a lower true god, and was killed by my Purple Soul Palace's testimonial martial artist, even if he was a lower true god, he's still a trash true god. What's so hard to explain to such trash? If the Xie family comes looking for trouble, just treat it as if they're looking for me, Aunt Hanjiu!" Aunt Hanjiu said with a cold face.
Smiling in the sky, Smiling in the sky was completely helpless. If the Xie family came looking for Han Jia, they would definitely come looking for him. Aunt Hanjiu's words were completely unreasonable, but right now, there was nothing he could do …
After Aunt Hanjiu finished speaking, she indifferently sized up Luo Zheng. She reached out her soft white hand and lightly waved it. A purple cloud of dust spiraled up and enveloped Luo Zheng. At the same time, she said, "Let's go!"
As her voice fell, Luo Zheng saw threads of spirals appear in front of him. His body involuntarily began to spin. In the next moment, he was back in the Purple Soul Palace.
After reaching the Great Circle of Gods, one could teleport at will. For a quasi-sage like Aunt Hanjiu, it was even easier.
The Purple Soul Palace's main hall was now completely silent.
In the air above the hall, there were six enormous candles placed in six different positions. Under the candlelight, there were six different angles of shadows under Luo Zheng's feet.
Aunt Hanjiu leaned on a wide chair. Her pleated skirt under the candlelight constantly had moonlight flowing through it, outlining her full and moving curves.
She indifferently looked at Luo Zheng and said, "You injured the fifth ranked middle true god Leng Lin Yue and killed the 40th ranked lower true god Xie Jiao … Your strength still far exceeds my expectations." Aunt Hanjiu looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Speak, what secrets do you have on you?"
Being stared at like this by a quasi-sage, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. It was as if he wasn't wearing any clothes. She could see through him in one glance.
Luo Zheng's secrets definitely couldn't be revealed to outsiders.
Even Han Liusu and Han Chuyue were a hidden danger. That was why Luo Zheng had to disguise himself and avoid meeting them.
Now, facing quasi-sage Aunt Hanjiu, Luo Zheng couldn't reveal his secrets. But facing such an expert, Luo Zheng felt even more pressure.
"I was taught by an expert when I was young and had a great opportunity. That's why I became a god …"
Before Luo Zheng could finish his fabricated story, Aunt Hanjiu lightly waved her hand. A formless willpower spread out and Luo Zheng couldn't continue.
"Little fellow, your strength isn't bad. Your ability to fabricate lies is also very good. I'm afraid you've deceived many people?" Aunt Hanjiu's eyebrows curved like the moon. She stared at Luo Zheng and sneered.
Although he was exposed, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change. He calmly replied, "Everyone has their own secrets. Some secrets, if spoken out, are like a person who lost their soul. They can't live. I hope master can understand."
"Look at how nervous you are … I didn't say I couldn't understand." Aunt Hanjiu smiled slightly.
If she really wanted to investigate Luo Zheng's secrets, it wouldn't be difficult. But as a grand quasi-sage, Aunt Hanjiu also agreed with Luo Zheng's words. Everyone has their own secrets. If she forcibly peeled open other people's secrets, there would always be some unnecessary consequences.
But what Aunt Hanjiu wanted wasn't these secrets. She continued to say, "But if you want to keep your secrets, you still need to do something to prove your own worth."
Aunt Hanjiu wouldn't offend Han Tianxiao for some Proof of Divinity martial artist for no reason. Since she forcibly took away Luo Zheng under pressure, she must have some ulterior motive.

Chapter 1844
In Luo Zheng's mind, the secondary sage was an omnipotent existence. What did he need to ask of him?
But looking at Aunt Hanjiu's expression, it didn't seem fake. Luo Zheng was naturally very curious.
Aunt Hanjiu said indifferently, "Last time you mobilized my Purple Soul Palace disciples. Their rankings in the Arena of Gods increased significantly, but … it's still far from enough!"
The Purple Soul Palace was Aunt Hanjiu's blood and sweat. Unless she had no other choice, how could she bear to let them go?
Everyone had their own obsessions, and secondary saints were no exception.
"Far from enough? What does that have to do with me …" Luo Zheng asked.
The Purple Soul Palace had more than thirty thousand people. Their total points couldn't increase. It wasn't something that Luo Zheng alone could make up for.
Recently, Luo Zheng had indeed earned a lot of points. But compared to the entire Purple Soul Palace, it was just a drop in the ocean.
"I want you to earn even more points." Aunt Hanjiu stared at Luo Zheng and smiled.
"How much is' even more '?" Luo Zheng was speechless. He didn't think that he had guessed correctly. The secondary sage really wanted him to reverse the situation.
"About 1.2 million points. This way, on average, every Purple Soul Palace disciple will gain forty points. If it's really not enough, then I can only reluctantly dismiss the bottom ten percent of disciples." Aunt Hanjiu roughly calculated. Her gentle face revealed a charming smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng stood there choking for a while. Then he said in a daze, "1.2 million points …"
He didn't expect Aunt Hanjiu to say indifferently, "Is it very difficult? Back then, I earned three million points in the Arena of Gods! "
"Back then, what was Master's cultivation level …" Luo Zheng asked.
"Perfection."
"…"
Luo Zheng finally couldn't help but roll his eyes at this secondary sage.
Those Perfection points were truly frightening. The points recorded on the Jade Wall of the Gods were extremely exaggerated. Almost all of them were above a million!
It could be said that the few Perfect True Gods in some families directly determined the ranking of a family!
However, there was a limit to the number of Great Perfection deities in each family. Moreover, the number of battles between Great Perfection deities was different from that of ordinary True Gods who had three battles every month. When these Great Perfection deities challenged each other to a battle, it would usually attract a huge amount of attention. Sometimes, they might not even fight once in a few years.
There were very few variables in the experts at the top level. The various wealthy families could only target the True Gods at the bottom level. It was more practical and stable to increase the overall points. After all, some Great Perfection experts could lose hundreds of thousands or even millions of points in a battle.
"Defeating a Proof of Divinity martial artist, including the rewards, is only a few hundred points. Wouldn't it be a pipe dream for me to earn so many points?" Luo Zheng was now a bit more relaxed when facing Aunt Hanjiu. Luo Zheng found that she was quite easy to get along with.
Luo Zheng could win hundreds of points in a battle, and it was based on the rewards for consecutive victories. If not for the rewards for consecutive victories, he could only accumulate three points by winning a battle.
Once he lost a battle, his points would be greatly reduced. Moreover, even if he won continuously, he would not be able to reach the 1.2 million points that Aunt Hanjiu had mentioned. Aunt Hanjiu was asking ants to move a mountain. It was not practical at all.
However, Aunt Hanjiu continued, "You don't know the rules of the Arena of Gods …"
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and simply sat on the steps below to listen attentively.
"At the current stage, after your consecutive victories, your points have long surpassed the number one Proof of Divinity martial artist. Actually … you can apply for a Lower True God to fight against those of a higher level," Aunt Hanjiu said.
The rules of the Jade Wall of the Gods were designed to be more complicated. Although Luo Zheng had a preliminary understanding, his understanding came mostly from Grandma Yue Ying. Naturally, his understanding was not thorough.
"Fight against those of a higher level?" Luo Zheng asked, "You want me to fight against those of a higher level?"
Aunt Hanjiu smiled slightly. "Yes, not only do you need to challenge those of a higher level, but you also need to maintain a winning streak!"
It was difficult to earn points in the Arena of Gods, but the rewards for consecutive victories were considerable. Just like a rolling snowball, the more consecutive victories one had, the more points one would have …
Luo Zheng could almost steadily earn a considerable amount of points in the Proof of Divinity martial artist category. However, if he fought against those of a higher level, the additional rewards would not be too excessive.
However, "Fight against those of a higher level" was different!
For a Proof of Divinity martial artist to fight against a Lower True God, the most basic reward for one battle was almost 100 points.
Because it was almost impossible for a Proof of Divinity martial artist to defeat a Lower True God, the rewards for consecutive victories were even more exaggerated. If he won two consecutive battles, the additional reward would be almost 1,000 points. If he won three consecutive battles, the additional reward would be 2,000 points. If he accumulated like this, it would be a rather frightening number …
However, if a Proof of Divinity martial artist wanted to continuously win against a Lower True God, it was also an extremely difficult task.
Even a Secondary Sage like Aunt Hanjiu had challenged a Lower True God in the past as a Proof of Divinity martial artist. However, after winning four consecutive battles, she was defeated by her opponent.
In the records of the Divine Realm, there were a few Sages who had achieved astonishing consecutive victories.
Among them, the Saint Emperor Han Jia had once achieved 16 consecutive victories. As a Proof of Divinity martial artist, he had accumulated more than 100,000 points in one go. At that time, many of the rich and powerful families had been fiercely shocked.
However, the Saint Emperor Han Jia's experience was not particularly exaggerated. There had once been a genius who had achieved 27 consecutive victories, accumulating 390,000 points in one go. It had to be known that even if a peak Upper True God fought bitterly in the Arena of Gods, they would only be able to accumulate 200,000 points. This was the power of consecutive victories.
However, if one wanted to achieve such a high number of consecutive victories, the difficulty could be imagined. As one's points increased, the True Gods one faced would become stronger and stronger. Just relying on the cultivation of a Proof of Divinity martial artist to continuously win consecutive victories was harder than ascending to the heavens.
"You defeated Liu Cheng Tian and killed Xie Jiao. They were both outstanding Lower True Gods. With your strength, I believe it is possible …" Aunt Hanjiu smiled.
So that's how it was …
Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression of sudden realization.
Combined with the additional rewards of consecutive victories, one could reach a high number of points.
Points were also very important to Luo Zheng. He also wanted to break through to the True God realm! He was determined to obtain the reward given by Han Jia. He needed the mud beneath the prize. More importantly, he needed enough points to go to Bu Zhou Spiritual Mountain. Now that Aunt Hanjiu was protecting him, he also needed to prove his worth to Aunt Hanjiu and Han Jia.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Give me your jade pendant." Aunt Hanjiu suddenly stretched out her hand towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took out his jade pendant and handed it to Aunt Hanjiu. Then, Aunt Hanjiu's slender fingers lightly stroked the jade pendant. A faint green light flashed, and she returned it to Luo Zheng. "This way, in the Arena of Gods, your opponents will not be able to find out your name. It is the same as being anonymous."
"You can do that?" Luo Zheng took back his jade pendant. He was also curious.
"It is very normal. Some disciples of the Great Families do not want to reveal themselves. However, anonymity is only for opponents who challenge you. Once you are defeated, your name will once again appear on the leaderboard." Aunt Hanjiu continued, "Also … during this period, you can enter the Arena of Gods from here."
After she finished speaking, Aunt Hanjiu lightly clapped her hands.
The hall started to tremble slightly, and a Pantheon Jade Annulus that was thirty feet in size slowly rose from the ground. This Pantheon Jade Annulus was very small compared to an ordinary Jade Annulus, but it was enough to allow three people to enter the Arena of the Gods.
After she was done, Aunt Hanjiu actually looked a little tired. She yawned and said, "You can enter the Arena of the Gods anytime you want. I've already applied for a cross-level battle for you. I'm going to rest first …"
After she finished speaking, bits of purple mist appeared around Aunt Hanjiu's body and surrounded her. When the purple mist dissipated, Aunt Hanjiu had already disappeared.
"The Secondary Sage is actually sleepy. This acting is too exaggerated." Luo Zheng curled his lips as he thought to himself.
Then, he walked towards the jade pendant and inserted his jade pendant into it …
"Buzz —"

Chapter 1845
As a soft ray of light from the Divine Jade Wall enveloped Luo Zheng, he felt that everything around him started to disappear, and he instantly entered the Divine Jade Wall.
But this time, he did not enter the battlefield directly. Instead, he stepped into an empty room.
"Eh, how could this be?" Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion.
According to his previous experience, Luo Zheng would enter a spacious battlefield directly after entering the Divine Jade Wall, and then his opponent would appear. What was this empty room all about?
He wandered around the room, and on one side of the wall of the room, there were some strange divine patterns. Following the patterns, he found a small door that was about the height of a person.
The moment he pushed open the small door, a ray of light shone in from the outside, and at the same time, a clamor rushed into Luo Zheng's ears!
"So noisy …"
Outside the small door, there was a huge ring-shaped space. In this ring-shaped space, there were many small doors connected together, spiraling upwards, and forming a staircase of "doors".
In this space, there were countless Lower True Gods. These Lower True Gods were in groups of three to five. Some of them were shouting loudly, and some of them were whispering to each other. Because there were too many of them, the space was chaotic.
"Where the hell is this …" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was dumbfounded.
"Eh, a Proof of Divinity martial artist has come in." On top of a small door on one side of Luo Zheng, a young man wearing luxurious clothes and a jasper crown on his head looked at Luo Zheng in surprise.
The young man looked at Luo Zheng, and his expression became even stranger. He shouted, "Wow, he's anonymous!"
The young man's strange shout immediately attracted the attention of other Lower True Gods. Many Lower True Gods stared at Luo Zheng strangely. With the help of Aunt Han Jiu, Luo Zheng not only hid his name, but also his appearance. When others saw Luo Zheng's face, it was a blur, and they could not see what he looked like.
"He's really a Divine Warrior …"
"A Divine Warrior intends to participate in the cross-level battle?"
"Which family did they nurture for them to be so confident?"
In fact, it was not rare to see cross-level battles in the Arena of Gods. However, it was usually a lower-level true god challenging a middle-level true god, a middle-level true god challenging an upper-level true god, or an upper-level true god challenging a perfection-level true god.
Among them, the lower true gods participated in the leapfrog battles the most. This was because the difference in strength between a lower true god and a middle true god was not particularly large. It was only the difference in cultivation level.
It was much more difficult for a middle True God to challenge an upper True God because a middle True God could not fly, but an upper True God could. In battle, an upper True God had a great advantage.
It was the same for an upper True God challenging a Great Perfection. Although an upper True God could fly, they could not travel through space. A Great Perfection could travel through space as they wished. Hence, it was rather difficult for an upper True God to challenge a Great Perfection.
However, although the above situations were not common, they were not particularly rare.
However, as a Divine Warrior did not have a godhead, it was rather difficult for him to challenge a lower-level true god. Hence, there were very few Divine Warriors who participated in the cross-level battle. Among the many aristocratic families, only those extremely talented geniuses from aristocratic families would choose to do the cross-level battle. Even so, these geniuses from aristocratic families would not perform too well against a lower-level true god.
Hence, Luo Zheng attracted the attention of many lower-level true gods the moment he entered this place.
Luo Zheng was used to such attention. He asked very calmly, "Where is this place?"
The youth smiled slightly. "This is your first time entering the Hall of Gods, right? Divine Warriors are not qualified to enter this place … "
The Divine Jade Wall was considered a very special place on the floating island. It contained independent spaces of various sizes. These spaces were almost endless, and there were even some hidden spaces that were unknown to others.
Divine Warriors were the most basic warriors on the floating island. They were not qualified to enter the Hall of Gods and could only passively look for their opponents.
However, it was different for lower-level true gods. Every lower-level true god had their own independent room. They could randomly look for their opponents, and they could also choose to challenge a certain true god!
Luo Zheng saw that these rooms were spiraling all the way to the top. The height of these rooms represented the ranking of the lower-level true god. As the ranking rose, the position of the room would also change. Hence, the higher the position of the room, the stronger the strength of the true god.
After hearing the youth's words, Luo Zheng came to a realization. These things might be common to the people on the floating island. Aunt Han Jiu naturally would not explain it to Luo Zheng in detail. Hence, when Luo Zheng entered the Hall of Gods, he was a little dazed.
"I also just entered the Hall of Gods not long ago. I just lost a match." The youth laughed mischievously and asked in a negotiating tone, "How about I challenge you?" After he finished speaking, he coughed twice as if to hide his embarrassment.
"Don't listen to him! Come, challenge me! "
"I just became a true god less than three months ago. My godhead has just formed, and my foundation is not stable. I am the most suitable person to be your first opponent!"
"…"
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng became a delicious piece of cake in the eyes of these lower-level true gods …
This was also very easy to understand. Regardless of whether Luo Zheng was a true genius from a rich and powerful family, he was still a Proof of Divinity expert. In history, there were indeed some Proof of Divinity experts who had created miracles. There were even Proof of Divinity experts who had won all the way to the top. However, it was hard to find even one of them in a few divine eras. They were simply as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns. The majority of Proof of Divinity experts had outstanding strength, but when faced with a lower-level true god, they still suffered a crushing defeat. Without a godhead, their strength was too limited.
These people treated Luo Zheng as a soft persimmon. Of course, they hoped to earn points from Luo Zheng.
After feeling the "enthusiasm" of these lower-level true gods, Luo Zheng smiled slightly and said to the youth, "In that case, I accept your challenge. However, you have to tell me how to accept your challenge." Luo Zheng was not at all familiar with the rules of the Hall of Gods.
Hearing that Luo Zheng had accepted his challenge, the youth looked excited. "I'll teach you. Go back to your room and activate the divine patterns on the side walls …"
Luo Zheng nodded and returned to his room. The youth also returned to his room happily.
As for the other lower-level true gods present, their faces were full of disappointment.
"Alas, Qin Hua took advantage of him!"
"It doesn't matter. Since this Proof of Divinity expert participated in the cross-level battle, he can't give up after one battle, right? We still have a chance! "
"That's right. After Qin Hua's challenge is over, we'll challenge that guy again."
These lower-level true gods all thought that Luo Zheng was easy to bully. Naturally, they were unwilling to give up this opportunity. However, after a few words of discussion, they suddenly fell silent. They looked at each other with vigilance on their faces. This anonymous Proof of Divinity expert was a very popular prey. Among them, they were competitors …
According to the youth's instructions, Luo Zheng quickly familiarized himself with the magical effects of the divine patterns on the walls. He only needed to follow the serial number of the room to challenge anyone in the Hall of Gods. He could also choose his own opponent at will.
Just as he was about to touch it, one of the Divine Imprints suddenly flickered with urgency. The instant Luo Zheng touched this Divine Imprint, he instantly understood the information contained within. Earlier, that young man had already issued a challenge to him, and at the same time, Luo Zheng also obtained some basic information about him.
Qin Clan, Qin Hua, had 193 points, and was ranked after 1.97 million …
In Luo Zheng's eyes, this little amount of points was very shabby. However, Qin Hua had just stepped into the Hall of Gods and had lost a battle. This little amount of points was considered normal.
After Luo Zheng accepted Qin Hua's challenge, the scenery around him changed again. He finally stepped into the Arena of Gods.
This lower-level true god named Qin Hua stood not far away. He was very polite. "Although it's unfair for me to challenge you with my cultivation, since you chose to participate in the cross-level battle, I presume you've prepared well?"
Luo Zheng stretched his limbs and smiled at Qin Hua. "Of course."
"Then I won't be polite." Qin Hua cupped his hands at Luo Zheng. Every aristocratic family valued points, especially as the day of the floating island ranking was approaching. Even Qin Hua, as a descendant of the Qin family, was under a lot of pressure. He was eager to win a battle to prove his strength.

Chapter 1846
After Qin Hua's power bloomed from his body, it turned into a bright white light that danced around his right hand.
Finally, that bright white light condensed into a milky-white blade …
"Not many people cultivate the Destruction Divine Dao. My personality is not suitable for it, but it seems that I have a little talent for it," Qin Hua explained modestly.
Hearing this explanation, Luo Zheng was speechless.
This Qin Family disciple was interesting. He was so particular about fighting an enemy.
Seeing Qin Hua dilly-dallying, Luo Zheng wanted to attack him without warning, but he restrained himself.
Luo Zheng's goal was not to win one or two matches by opportunistic means. His goal was the terrifying 1.2 million points. It was impossible to complete the mission by relying on opportunistic means!
In fact, Luo Zheng felt that this mission was not realistic at all.
He had indeed killed Xie Jiao, who was ranked 40th, but that was because he had relied on the element of strength to catch his opponent off guard. If Xie Jiao had used his full strength, Luo Zheng's chances of winning were not high …
Facing this Qin Hua, Luo Zheng still had a 70-80% chance of winning. However, after obtaining consecutive victories in the Arena of Gods, Luo Zheng's points and ranking would rapidly rise. The opponents he would face would also become stronger and stronger. If those peak upper True Gods did not underestimate their opponents, it would be difficult for Luo Zheng to have a chance!
More importantly, Luo Zheng could not use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao in the Arena of Gods. He could not use his strongest killing move. How could he fight against those upper true gods?
However, since Aunt Hanjiu had said so, perhaps she had other preparations. At this stage, Luo Zheng had to adapt to fighting against lower true gods and try to win in a row. As for what would happen after that, he would have to take it one step at a time.
Luo Zheng waited patiently for Qin Hua to prepare …
"Wu wu wu …"
Instead of saying that Qin Hua condensed a blade in his hand, it was better to say that it was a pure blade of light. That blade of light was a part of his hand. When the blade of light was completely condensed, small blade of light constantly escaped, making the blade of light look very illusory.
Luo Zheng smelled a strong destructive power from the saber light.
Luo Zheng thought to himself, "The Divine Path driven by the Godhead has indeed reached a whole new level. Qin Hua is merely at the bottom of the lower True Gods, but his strength still cannot be underestimated …"
"I'm ready." Qin Hua smiled at Luo Zheng. "How about you? Why not use weapons? Take out your weapon! "
Qin Hua felt that it was unfair for him, a lower True God, to challenge Luo Zheng. Now that he had condensed the Blade of Destruction from the Divine Way of Destruction, this anonymous person had not used a weapon. This made him feel even more apologetic. That was why he had opened his mouth to urge Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. There was a big difference in the personalities of these rich and powerful people. Those rich playboys were all ridiculously overbearing, but this person was an exception.
The destructive power in the blade of light in Qin Hua's hand was very strong, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was not particularly difficult to deal with. He did not need to take out the Boundless Thousand Heavy Sword. However, since Qin Hua was so polite, he could not provoke him by saying, "You are not qualified for me to take out my weapon," right?
"No need. Let's do it." Luo Zheng smiled and did not dawdle. He took a light step forward, and the tip of his right foot suddenly exploded with an unparalleled power …
"Dong!"
With a muffled sound, Luo Zheng stepped on the ground of the Arena of Gods, creating a small hole. Immediately after, Luo Zheng rushed toward Qin Hua at an extremely fast speed.
"Okay …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Qin Hua actually replied with a single word, "Okay." Then, when he saw the small hole in the ground, he was stunned. Although the ground of the Arena of Gods was illusory, it was still very hard. It was difficult for ordinary strength to destroy it. This guy could shatter the ground with a light step, and even create a sizable hole.
How could this guy … Oh no!
Just as he thought of this, Luo Zheng rushed toward him at an extremely fast speed.
Qin Hua's abilities were not considered weak. After fully experiencing the Arena of Gods, he could also slowly climb up to the middle level of a Lower True God. However, he had not explored the Forbidden Land and did not have the awareness of experiencing life and death situations.
Suddenly seeing Luo Zheng rush toward him at a speed far beyond his expectations, he could not help but feel somewhat flustered!
"Destruction Slash!"
In a moment of desperation, Qin Hua's right hand opened and closed, and the blade of light danced along with it …
When the Destruction Divine Path was cultivated to the extreme, its pure power was quite strong. However, Qin Hua himself had just stepped into the Divine Path not long ago, and Luo Zheng had Tong Xinyi to rely on, so he was not too afraid!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's figure fluttered and easily dodged the blade of light in Qin Hua's right hand. As for the fine blade of light that escaped from the blade of light, Luo Zheng did not care about it!
When the fine blade of light came into contact with Luo Zheng, it exploded with a great amount of power. However, it could not break through Luo Zheng's Tong Xinyi and only made creaking sounds when it collided with his Tong Xinyi.
"You …"
Qin Hua's face once again revealed a look of surprise.
In fact, Qin Hua could scatter those fine blade of light. As long as he used the Destruction Divine Path, these fine blade of light would form a natural barrier that would protect him. Anyone who wanted to get close to him would have to break through these fine blade of light. Although these blade of light were small, even an ordinary lower True God would find it difficult to resist. If they were slightly insufficient, they would be able to cut countless winding wounds on the opponent's body.
How could he have imagined that Luo Zheng would be so barbaric as to use his body to forcibly shatter the blade of light?
Seeing this, Qin Hua immediately became anxious. The blade of light in his hand danced even more violently, like a crescent moon that constantly danced around him. The fine blade of light danced in all directions like countless pieces of paper!
Seeing the flustered Qin Hua, Luo Zheng's heart was as calm as still water.
He only needed to close in and easily end this battle. However, the Destruction Divine Path …
Luo Zheng did not know what would happen when the Infinite Ruler accumulated enough Divine Path. However, his father must have placed the Infinite Ruler in his mind for a reason. Now that Luo Zheng was confident that he could collect the Dao Connotation, he naturally would not let go of such an opportunity.
However, there was one thing that made Luo Zheng very vexed when using the Infinite Ruler. Normally, the ruler would not have any reaction. He could not activate the Infinite Ruler to allow him to see through his opponent's Dao Connotation …
Every time he wanted to activate the Infinite Ruler, he had to take the risk of using his head to guide the Dao Connotation into his mind. Only then would the Infinite Ruler work. It would connect to Luo Zheng's eyes and give his eyes a golden ring that could see through all Dao Connotations!
This ruler should not be so troublesome. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng had not yet grasped the essentials.
Fortunately, Qin Hua's ability to adapt to the situation was not strong. He was already extremely surprised by Luo Zheng's speed. Now that he saw Luo Zheng stretching his neck and stretching his head to drill around him, he did not know what he was doing. He did not know what to think …
"Destruction Divine Path!"
With no other choice, Qin Hua resorted to using his trump card.
This "Destruction Divine Path" was a move that he had comprehended from the Divine Path of Destruction. He was not familiar with it and would not use it against his opponent easily. In the last battle, he had not used it when he was defeated by his opponent. However, he could not bear to use it now.
"Hiss, hiss, hiss, hiss, hiss …"
Countless crescent-shaped Blades of Destruction began to condense. At the same time, they flew around aimlessly. Within three hundred feet of Qin Hua, these Blades of Destruction collided with each other and strangled each other. It was enough to kill all living creatures around him.
"Smoke of Eight Twists!"
Seeing this change, Luo Zheng calmly displayed his Body Movement.
Although those Blades of Annihilation were extremely sharp and contained an extremely strong destructive power, they were not fast. They just slowly floated around in all directions.
After Luo Zheng executed the Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke, he turned into a piece of paper, fluttering in the wind along with the Blades of Annihilation. At the same time, Luo Zheng was constantly absorbing Qin Hua's Dao Connotation!
"You, what on earth are you doing?" Seeing Luo Zheng surrounding him without attacking, Qin Hua finally could not help but ask. If it were someone else, they would have launched an even fiercer attack. However, he directly asked Luo Zheng a question.
Luo Zheng did not answer Qin Hua's question …
The next moment, he suddenly opened his eyes. The edges of his pupils were still plated with two golden rings, which were continuously breaking down Qin Hua's Dao Connotation.
Not long after …

Chapter 1847
Because Luo Zheng was anonymous, his face was always blurred. Naturally, Qin Hua couldn't see the strange look in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Now that Luo Zheng had absorbed the Destruction Divine Dao into the Infinite Ruler, he had pulled away from Qin Hua.
After pausing for about two breaths, Luo Zheng waved his hand lightly …
A bright white light slowly flew out from his hand, and as it continued to condense, it transformed into a broad blade of light!
The Divine Dao was most powerful when activated by "force," which was a match for the Godhead.
Although Luo Zheng didn't have a Godhead, the Dao of the Destruction Divine Dao was purer and more dazzling than Qin Hua's own blade of light!
"You, you, you …" Qin Hua was stunned when he saw the broad blade of light in Luo Zheng's hand. "You also cultivate the Destruction Divine Dao?"
The Destruction Divine Dao wasn't the Five Elements Divine Dao.
There was almost no threshold to cultivating the Five Elements Divine Dao. Most people with a physique could cultivate it.
However, there were many extremely powerful side Divine Daos in the Realm of the Gods, and the threshold to cultivate them wasn't small. When Qin Hua said that he had a little talent for the Destruction Divine Dao, he was actually being modest. The Destruction Divine Dao was quite powerful when cultivated to the extreme, but there weren't many people suitable to cultivate it.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "The Destruction Divine Dao is about destroying everything. Among the thousands of divine weapons, only the domineering aura of the blade matches it. Condensing the blade of light is indeed the right choice."
When Qin Hua saw Luo Zheng execute the Annihilation Slash of the Annihilation Divine Dao, he was already shocked to the core. He had a feeling that Luo Zheng had just learned the Annihilation Divine Dao, and it was even possible that Luo Zheng had learned the Annihilation Divine Dao by himself!
But he didn't dare to believe this illusion.
He had seen many geniuses, including some of the elders of the Qin Clan, such as Qin Murong, Qin Lan, and the others. They were all top geniuses of the aristocratic clans. These top geniuses in the Qin Clan were considered very outstanding among all the floating islands, but they weren't this abnormal. Who could comprehend the other party's Divine Dao while fighting?
Even if he told others about this, no one would believe him …
In the end, after hearing Luo Zheng's words, his "misconception" was finally verified. His misconception was not wrong. Luo Zheng had indeed just grasped the Destruction Divine Dao …
Even though Qin Hua had witnessed it with his own eyes, he still found it hard to believe.
"You, you must have cultivated the Divine Dao of Destruction before and encountered a bottleneck that you couldn't surpass. You were so proud of yourself when you saw me display it, right?" Qin Hua stared at Luo Zheng and continued to ask.
Luo Zheng slightly moved his finger, causing the crescent-moon-like saber light to rotate along Luo Zheng's elbow. At the same time, a faint smile was heard from his blurred face, "Sorry, I … can't answer your question. Take this!"
After saying that, another small hole appeared under Luo Zheng's feet …
Boom!
As the ground shook, Luo Zheng's figure sped forward. The saber light in his hand turned into a bright silver trajectory in the air, and the saber edge chopped toward Qin Hua's front!
Looking at Luo Zheng's surging momentum, Qin Hua swallowed his saliva. He had no choice but to urge the power in his body. The saber light in his hand rose sharply again, and he braced himself to receive the attack …
He felt a burst of sorrow in his heart. It was not easy for him to attain the Divine Dao. After stepping into the Arena of Gods, he had lost the first battle. After meeting Luo Zheng, he originally thought that he had picked up a big bargain. He even felt a little embarrassed. After all, it was not "honorable" for a True God to challenge a Divine Dao expert. However, for the points, for the victory, he had no choice but to risk it all.
He had never thought that the Divine Dao expert he had encountered would be a complete monster!
Whoosh!
Two saber lights flashing with white light crisscrossed with each other, producing an ear-piercing sound.
Along with the sound, countless fine saber lights spread out. These fine saber lights were not only Qin Hua's, but also Luo Zheng's!
These fine saber lights were like flying blades in the air, sputtering in all directions. There was almost no space to dodge.
When the saber lights sputtered on Luo Zheng's body, only a "swish" sound could be heard. If they pierced Luo Zheng's skin, they would leave fine scratches on his skin. If they cut into his concentric clothing, they would leave nothing behind …
Luo Zheng could use his body to resist these fine saber lights, but Qin Hua could not. When the saber lights cut into Qin Hua's body, there was almost no resistance. They constantly circled and rolled inside his body. When they touched his muscles and meridians, they directly cut them. Even the solid True God jade bones were also cut apart!
Puff puff puff puff …
With just one slash, countless tiny saber lights drilled into Qin Hua's body, cutting off his life force. His body stood in place, motionless ….
Luo Zheng did not use his saber again. He slowly withdrew the saber lights and looked at Qin Hua indifferently.
The first battle was simpler than he had imagined, and the harvest was not small. It had already exceeded his expectations.
Plop …
After a while, Qin Hua's body fell forward to the ground, and his body began to slowly dissipate. At the same time, the entire illusory world spread out in all directions like ripples in water, slowly disappearing from Luo Zheng's eyes. The two returned to their rooms.
On the side of the room, Luo Zheng's information appeared. In the information, Luo Zheng's name was still blurry, but his points and victories could still be seen.
"Defeating Qin Hua only gave me 75 points," Luo Zheng murmured as he looked at the changes in his points.
Luo Zheng's consecutive victories in the Proof of Divinity Battle had given him an additional reward of more than 200 points. 75 points in this battle was really too little.
However, according to the rules of points, Luo Zheng could understand that his consecutive victories in the Proof of Divinity Battle had returned to zero, which meant that he had to start counting his victories all over again. He did not have so many additional points. Moreover, in the Proof of Divinity Battle, if one did not count the consecutive victories, the normal points for winning a battle were only 15 points.
Luo Zheng's reward of 75 points in the first battle was already five times that of an ordinary Lower True God. This was because Luo Zheng had participated in the Proof of Divinity Battle. Only when a Proof of Divinity Battle defeated a Lower True God would there be such an additional reward.
The Proof of Divinity Battle plus the reward for consecutive victories in the Proof of Divinity Battle was double the additional points. Therefore, it was possible to reach the terrifyingly high number of points. This was also Aunt Hanjiu's idea.
Outside the Hall of Gods, the Lower True Gods were still waiting in front of Luo Zheng's door.
"What the hell is Qin Hua doing? Why does he need so long to deal with a Proof of Divinity Battle?"
"Maybe that anonymous person's strength is not bad. A Proof of Divinity Battle who dares to participate in the Proof of Divinity Battle should have some level of skill."
"Most of the Proof of Divinity Battle who participate in the Proof of Divinity Battle are self-righteous. In the end, they can often be taught a lesson, hehe …"
In history, there were too few Proof of Divinity Battle who could crush a Lower True God. These Lower True Gods found it difficult to look at Luo Zheng, unless Luo Zheng could crush them with his strength!
Just as they were discussing, the door of Luo Zheng's room suddenly flashed with a blue light, and then the door turned into a blue streamer, quickly moving along the side of the Hall of Gods.
"Hey! The door, his door ran away! "
"The anonymous person's ranking has risen!"
"He actually defeated Qin Hua …"
The lower-level True Gods who had been bitterly waiting for Luo Zheng looked on helplessly as Luo Zheng's door slid upwards. Each and every one of them had a look of surprise on their faces. They really didn't expect Qin Hua to lose this battle!
The arrangement of the doors in the Hall of Gods represented the ranking.
Luo Zheng had not been ranked so far, so his name would not be displayed on the Jade Wall of Gods, but the position of the door would still change …
After defeating Qin Hua, Luo Zheng's ranking suddenly jumped up by 16 places, so the position of the door also moved up by 16 places.
"Buzz …"
The wandering blue light quickly outlined the shape of a door frame. When the blue light disappeared, Luo Zheng's door reappeared.
At the same time, Qin Hua's door moved down by two places. After all, Qin Hua belonged to the bottom level, and even if he lost, he would not fall too far. It was impossible for him to fall to the Proof of Divinity Battle.
"Kacha …"
While those Lower True Gods were discussing with incredulous expressions, Qin Hua came out of his room, his face full of depression.
"Qin Hua, did you really lose to that anonymous person?"
"Did you throw the match? Or was it an accident? "
"Or that guy really has the ability …"
Seeing that these people were so anxious, Qin Hua, who was originally very depressed, felt a trace of anger in his heart. He was a person who paid attention to fairness. The battle with Luo Zheng was very unfair because Luo Zheng's cultivation was lower than his, and he still lost. One could imagine the impact on Qin Hua.

Chapter 1848
In Qin Hua's opinion, the strength of this anonymous person was already quite strong.
Putting aside the fact that he could instantly comprehend his own Divine Path, in terms of pure strength, he was much stronger than this group of Lower True Gods who had just proven their Divine Path.
He was already in a bad mood after losing to the anonymous person, and this group of guys still surrounded him and made a lot of noise. Even if he had a simple personality, he was happy to see them give points to the anonymous person!
It was just as he had expected ….
This group of True Gods, who were originally a little nervous, suddenly relaxed, and at the same time, they pretended to comfort Qin Hua.
"How could you be so careless?"
"Even if the opponent is weak, you should always be vigilant!"
"You have failed miserably. Learn from this lesson. Hey, hey, wait for me …"
These True Gods said a few perfunctory words to Qin Hua and rushed toward Luo Zheng's door. This was an opportunity that could not be missed. It would not be good if other Lower True Gods beat them to it.
So these True Gods rushed up like a swarm of bees and soon blocked Luo Zheng's door.
The other Lower True Gods saw this group of guys swarming in, and their faces were full of inexplicable expressions. But when Luo Zheng opened the door, they suddenly realized that there was a Divine Warrior who had started a leapfrog battle, and this group of guys came to pick up the scraps. So more Lower True Gods gathered around.
Luo Zheng opened the door and was shocked to see so many Lower True Gods. He glared at them and then asked, "What are you doing?"
"Quick, accept my challenge!"
"My strength is weaker than Qin Hua's. Maybe you can defeat me!"
"Choose me …"
These Lower True Gods were eagerly waiting for Luo Zheng to open his mouth.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and suddenly realized that he was in a state of anonymity, and these people could not see his expression.
According to Aunt Han Jiu, as long as he kept winning, it would be easy to get a huge number of points. Then he could just keep picking these people, right?
These guys were at the bottom of the Lower True Gods, or they had just proven their Divine Path. Their divinity was not stable, so naturally, they could not exert their powerful strength. With Luo Zheng's current ability, defeating them was not particularly difficult.
However, on second thought, something didn't seem right.
These guys didn't realize their own strength, so naturally, they kept challenging him. Once they realized that he wasn't a "pig" but a "tiger", how could they still be willing to challenge him or accept his challenge?
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that this kind of face-to-face challenge actually had many restrictions. It was to prevent the same family from 'accumulating points'. This was because the winning streak reward existed for everyone. If everyone could find their own opponent, they could definitely accumulate points like crazy. For example, if there were both True Gods of Han Jia, and they sacrificed one True God of Han Jia to intentionally lose to another True God of Han Jia, then wouldn't the True God of Han Jia's points increase infinitely?
The Arena of Deities had been perfected for so many years. It was impossible for there to be such a huge loophole in the rules.
According to the rules, one could not challenge the same opponent consecutively. At the same time, one could not challenge an opponent whose ranking was more than a hundred places higher or lower than oneself!
As long as one participated in the battle, the ranking would constantly change. Sometimes, after defeating an opponent, one's own door could instantly rise by a few hundred places, or even a few thousand places. Under the constant changes in ranking, it was impossible to cheat like this.
However, no matter how perfect the rules were, it couldn't prevent cheating. Some of the top ranking families and some of the bottom ranking families would secretly come to an agreement and choose to give up points. When the disciples of these two families encountered each other, they would choose to surrender according to the agreement. Outside the Arena of Deities, of course, there would be a lot of compensation. It could be considered spending money to buy points.
At this stage, it was easy to earn points, so naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't reject it. He calmly pointed at one of them and said, "That's you!"
Luo Zheng pointed at a lower True God with green skin. He didn't know what kind of bloodline this True God had. He looked like a zombie and had a very scary appearance.
This True God was lucky enough to be chosen by Luo Zheng. He was immediately overjoyed and immediately rushed down to his own room. Soon, he issued a challenge to Luo Zheng …
The remaining lower True Gods were still waiting in front of Luo Zheng's door. Although Luo Zheng's room would change position regardless of whether he won or lost, at least they could track Luo Zheng's position immediately!
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense …
A blue light flashed on Luo Zheng's door frame again.
"It's over, it's over. This time, it's my turn, right?"
"Humph, I've also waited for so long. Why should it be your turn?"
"Don't fight, one by one …"
Just as everyone was fighting over it, the blue light once again flew upwards!
The expressions on the faces of the True Gods who were fighting over the blue light suddenly froze.
"He, he won again?"
"A Proof of Divinity martial artist fought against someone of a higher level and won twice in a row …"
"I'm afraid this isn't a fluke!"
"This guy isn't simple!"
These lower True Gods weren't fools either.
Luo Zheng had defeated Qin Hua for the first time. As Qin Hua had said, perhaps he had been too careless and thus lost to Luo Zheng.
However, if the first time was a fluke, would the second time be a fluke as well?
Qin Hua stood not far away. When he saw the expressions on those guys' faces, he secretly felt a little better.
"This anonymous person isn't simple. He might be able to break a record! I have to pass this news to my family … "Although losing two rounds in a row made Qin Hua depressed, he had collected a valuable piece of information.
Thus, Qin Hua returned to his room and exited the Deities Jade Wall. Then, Qin Hua reported this news to his family.
Some of the higher-ups of the Qin family were also interested in this news. There were people in the wealthy families who specialized in analyzing the rankings on the Deities Jade Wall and speculating on future changes. There were even people who could memorize all the names and rankings on the Deities Jade Wall.
Soon, the Qin family sent people to investigate the identity of the "anonymous person." However, they couldn't find any clues!
"That anonymous person was able to fight someone of a higher level. He must be very outstanding among the Proof of Divinity martial artists. Only the top ten Proof of Divinity martial artists are qualified to fight someone of a higher level. However, the top ten Proof of Divinity martial artists haven't fought for a long time!" A higher-up of the Qin family looked at the Deities Jade Wall and said faintly.
"Is it possible that this guy hasn't lost a single round?" Another higher-up of the Qin family analyzed.
"It's possible. If the anonymous person hasn't lost a single round among the Proof of Divinity martial artists, his ranking can't be calculated. Therefore, he also doesn't have a ranking among the lower True Gods …"
"Hehe, I don't know which family this little guy is from. He's actually so radical. He just won two rounds in a row. Just continue to pay attention."
In addition to the Qin family, there were two or three other wealthy families that had their eyes on Luo Zheng. They probably came to the same conclusion as the Qin family …
After Luo Zheng defeated the second lower True God, he received 75 points again. At the same time, he also received the first additional reward, which was also 75 points. The reward for winning consecutive rounds in a higher level was indeed very fast. The reward for winning consecutive rounds in a row almost doubled for the second round!
However, this time, Luo Zheng left the room with a slightly depressed expression. He couldn't help but shake his head. "I took such a big risk, but I didn't succeed in activating the Infinite Ruler. It's a pity that I couldn't absorb this guy's Taoist Connotation. This Infinite Ruler is really not easy to use …"
When Luo Zheng pushed the door open again, the door was still surrounded by the lower True Gods. However, this time, many of the True Gods had a cautious look in their eyes.
It was luck that he could defeat Qin Hua. If he defeated Liu Shu, it wouldn't be as simple as luck. This anonymous person's strength was definitely not ordinary.
"No one … wants to challenge me?" Luo Zheng's voice came from the blurry face again.
The True Gods, who had been constantly scrambling to compete with Luo Zheng, were now silent. They were all thinking about the real strength of Luo Zheng.
After about ten breaths of silence, someone finally couldn't take it anymore. Probably still wanting to take the risk, he said, "I, I challenge you!"
"I'll wait for you!"
Luo Zheng smiled and turned back to his room.
After he closed the door of his room, the True Gods present were at a loss again. If this guy's strength was really ordinary, wouldn't they have missed the opportunity?
However, this time, they didn't hesitate for long. After 30 breaths of time, Luo Zheng's door turned into a blue streamer again and continued to move upward …

Chapter 1849
After entering the Hall of Gods, Luo Zheng won three matches in a row, and his ranking steadily increased by more than a hundred places.
However, his ranking was only reflected in the ranking of the door in the room. As he did not lose any matches, it was still impossible to find him just by looking at the Pantheon Jade Wall.
After he was a hundred places ahead of those lower True Gods, it could be said that they had completely given up on him. There was a limit of a hundred places for initiating a challenge. These lower True Gods were no longer qualified to challenge Luo Zheng.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had already defeated three lower True Gods in a row, demonstrating his strength.
Defeating the first person could be attributed to luck. Defeating the second person could be attributed to the opponent underestimating him. Defeating the third person … the same thing could not happen more than three times. It would be too stupid to treat Luo Zheng as a Divine Warrior.
No one took the initiative to challenge Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng also tried to randomly choose his opponent. The opponent he chose was also calculated according to the ranking. At Luo Zheng's current stage, the opponent's strength would not be too strong.
The fourth opponent was Li Fengxiu, a disciple of the Li family who was ranked seventeenth on the floating island. The Divine Path he had comprehended was the "Great Art of Manipulation." This Great Art of Manipulation could control all things in the world. It was similar to the Puppet Technique that Luo Zheng had come into contact with. It could also be seen as a top technique of Puppet Technique. However, the Great Art of Manipulation was even more domineering. It could use thousands of invisible threads to invade the opponent's mind and control their soul!
This time, Luo Zheng did not stiffen his neck and let those threads enter his mind. Li Fengxiu was doing everything possible to turn him into a puppet. If his soul was really controlled, it would be troublesome. In that case, not only would he have to face defeat, his identity and secrets would be exposed after his soul was invaded. That would be the biggest problem.
The Great Art of Manipulation's ability was indeed very special, but its combat power was not strong. Perhaps it was because Li Fengxiu did not have any powerful puppets. The puppets he summoned could not stop Luo Zheng at all.
After a careful fierce battle, Li Fengxiu was defeated in the end. He unwillingly withdrew from the Arena of Gods. Due to the special nature of the Great Art of Manipulation, Luo Zheng could not absorb this Divine Path.
If he could activate the Infinity Ruler at will, it wouldn't be so troublesome. At that time, he wouldn't have to take the risk of absorbing the opponent's Taoist Connotation. He could see through the opponent's Taoist Connotation completely with the pair of golden eyes. Luo Zheng was very depressed as he thought about this problem!
There was no distinction between day and night in the Hall of the Gods. All the disciples of the floating island were choosing their opponents to battle. The spiral-shaped "doors" would occasionally transform into a blue stream of light to change their position. If they went up, they would naturally win. If they slid down, they would lose.
By the end of the fourth battle, Luo Zheng had already earned over 500 points. Auntie Han Jiu was right, the additional rewards for fighting above one's level were indeed terrifying. If he calculated it like this, then his tenth battle would probably earn him thousands of points in additional rewards!
Of course, as his ranking in the room increased, the opponents he encountered would also become stronger, and the difficulty of obtaining points would also increase.
Luo Zheng didn't continue to challenge new opponents. Instead, he returned to his room and exited the Pantheon Jade Wall.
To Luo Zheng, incorporating the Infinity Ruler into the Divine Path was a very important matter. While earning points in the Arena of Gods, Luo Zheng also hoped that he could fill up the scales on the Infinity Ruler as much as possible. He decided to properly refine the Infinity Ruler.
Unexpectedly, as soon as he exited the Pantheon Jade Wall, he saw Auntie Han Jiu standing behind him. Her arms were folded, and her soft and charming eyes seemed to have a deep meaning as she stared at Luo Zheng.
When he met Auntie Han Jiu's gaze, Luo Zheng was slightly startled. He felt that the atmosphere was a bit strange, so he turned his head and saw Han Liusu in plain clothes. Her slender legs were tightly pressed together, and she stood gracefully at the side of the hall. Her face seemed to have a trace of shyness. He guessed that Auntie Han Jiu had chatted with her about something.
"Our Han family's eldest princess has personally come to see you. Why don't you come and pay your respects?" Auntie Han Jiu said to Luo Zheng in a mocking tone.
Hearing this, Han Liusu's face carried a trace of a smile as she complained, "Auntie Jiu! Don't talk about paying respects? Isn't that a bit too much? "
Auntie Han Jiu was her name. Naturally, it wasn't a matter of seniority. But on this floating island, if seniority was important, Auntie Han Jiu would most likely have to call Han Liusu Grand-aunt … After all, Han Liusu was the Holy Emperor's eldest daughter. Although she was born later than Auntie Han Jiu by who knew how many years, she was much older than Auntie Han Jiu by countless years. As for how much seniority this was, it was impossible to tell. In fact, no one really cared about that.
When the Han family's direct descendants met Auntie Han Jiu, they would also habitually call her "Auntie Jiu."
Luo Zheng followed Auntie Han Jiu's words and really did cup his hands in greeting to Han Liusu. "Purple Soul Palace's Luo Tianxing greets the eldest princess!"
Han Liusu fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. From the bottom of her heart, she hated Luo Zheng calling her so formally. Her extremely beautiful face suddenly revealed a trace of an evil smile. "Liusu doesn't know any Luo Tianxing. Liusu only knows …"
If she continued, she would probably call out Luo Zheng's identity.
Luo Zheng immediately became nervous. He kept winking while changing the topic. "Eldest princess, this Luo has already participated in the Realm Skipping Battle in the Divine Jade Wall. If I meet the eldest princess in the future, I hope that you will show mercy."
Han Liusu resentfully glanced at Luo Zheng. She wouldn't really expose Luo Zheng's identity in front of Auntie Han Jiu. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would really be angry. Instead, she was very cooperative and chatted with him.
Auntie Han Jiu didn't know that Luo Zheng and Han Liusu were old friends in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
When Han Liusu came to visit Luo Zheng, Auntie Han Jiu teased Luo Zheng. She only said that if it wasn't for Han Leng deciding on her marriage, she would also consider Luo Tianxing. She didn't avoid Han Liusu and talked endlessly about how outstanding Luo Zheng was.
Auntie Han Jiu didn't know that if she really exposed Han Liusu's thoughts, Han Liusu's expression would naturally become embarrassed and unnatural.
She originally didn't have any feelings for Leng Lin Yue. After this incident, she was even more disgusted with that kind of self-centered man. How could she be willing to become his God Companion? She had already made a decision in her heart. Her heart had an indomitable courage.
A woman like Han Liusu looked gentle and lovely, but once she made a decision, there was almost no possibility of her repentance!
Today, when Auntie Han Jiu saw Han Liusu personally come to visit, she naturally thought that she had come to thank Luo Zheng. But when she heard Luo Zheng and Han Liusu talking back and forth, some inexplicable words appeared in Auntie Han Jiu's heart.
"A few days ago, thank you for helping my Chuyue out. This is a thank you gift." As Han Liusu spoke, her fingertips flashed and a small brocade box appeared. This brocade box was completely transparent and very exquisite. Inside it was a light green Gold Core.
"Liusu is really generous. A Seven Transformation God Gold Core is a rare item." Auntie Han Jiu smiled when she saw the light green Gold Core.
This Seven Transformation God Gold Core could be swallowed into the dantian to stimulate the body's True Yuan Sea. It could make the sea water more easily vaporize and naturally increase the speed of godhood condensation. However, this kind of pill was usually only for Second or Third Transformation God Gold Core. Very few people would refine a Seven Transformation God Gold Core. A Seven Transformation God Gold Core was just for the sake of condensing godhood. Only a rich and powerful family like the Han Family would refine a Seven Transformation God Gold Core for their direct descendants. Of course, it was also extremely rare.
Even the Extreme Evil Old Man couldn't help but praise the extravagance of these rich and powerful families when he saw the Seven Transformation God Gold Core in his mind.
"Thank you." Luo Zheng respectfully received the brocade box from Han Liusu.
The moment Luo Zheng received the brocade box, Han Liusu's fingers suddenly pinched. She had forgotten that Luo Zheng's physical body was comparable to a grandmist treasure. Luo Zheng didn't have any reaction, but her fingertips were aching!
Although Han Liusu's actions were subtle, how could it escape Auntie Han Jiu's eyes? However, it wasn't appropriate for her to say it in front of the Eldest Princess.
"I wish you the best of luck in attaining the Divine Dao as soon as possible so that you can contribute to my Han Family …"
"Since I've entered the Han Family's floating island, I should do so …"
The two exchanged a few pleasantries in front of Auntie Han Jiu. Han Liusu said her goodbyes and left. Just as she turned around, the fake smile on her face disappeared without a trace. In an instant, it was replaced with an extremely disappointed expression, and even a little angry.
She had come to find Luo Zheng in hopes of having a chance to be alone with Luo Zheng. She hadn't expected Auntie Han Jiu to directly bring Luo Zheng to her palace!
Earlier, she had even hinted that she wanted to talk to Luo Tianxing alone, but Auntie Han Jiu had pretended not to understand. She had no intention of leaving. Other than giving her a 'gift of thanks', she had come for nothing.
After Han Liusu left Auntie Han Jiu's palace, Auntie Han Jiu's face lit up with interest. She stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Tianxing, did you see the Eldest Princess outside the floating island?"

Chapter 1850
Aunt Hanjiu's question seemed nonchalant, but Luo Zheng found it hard to answer.
Luo Zheng wasn't sure if Han Liusu had ever been outside of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. As the princess of the Han Clan, her every word and action would be watched. If he casually made up a story now, Aunt Hanjiu would see through it!
Noticing Luo Zheng's troubled expression, Aunt Hanjiu said, "Han Liusu should know something, such as your true identity. All these years, Han Liusu hasn't taken a single step out of the floating island. She hasn't even been to the Han Clan's ancestral land. The only time she left was when she entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. If you know her, then you must be from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!"
Her eyes flickered with a faint purple light. In her eyes, there seemed to be two worlds slowly rotating, deep and full of attraction. Experts with high cultivation always had their own unique and unparalleled charm. "People outside of the floating island don't have the qualifications to enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They can only be disciples of rich and powerful families or disciples who joined rich and powerful families. You just joined the Han Clan, so you can't be a disciple of a rich and powerful family."
Hearing Aunt Hanjiu's analysis, Luo Zheng's heart was in his throat. It had to be said that the brains of experts were very useful. With such simple information, she was able to analyze so many things!
"It's very likely that you came from a world created by a saint." Aunt Hanjiu stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Most creatures that come from this world must be received by the Jiang Clan. All the names are recorded in the Saint Hall. I remember that not long ago, the 833rd rule of the Governing Slate was activated. The Governing Slate punished illegal immigrants, but the result was nothing. The Saint Hall sent people to investigate, but there was no result …"
Aunt Han Jiu narrowed her charming eyes and stared at Luo Zheng with interest like a cunning fox. The smile on her face became even more meaningful. "Yu Taibai has been very restless recently. I don't like that kid very much. Ever since Luo Xiao's death, he has led the old subordinates of the Luo family to cause trouble everywhere, relying on Buzhou Spirit Mountain. Last time, he almost fought with me. This time, he actually attacked the Jiang family in order to force the Jiang family to withdraw all the envoys. Their goal … should be related to his master, Luo Xiao?"
Luo Zheng stared at Aunt Hanjiu. His face had completely darkened. Although he tried to hide his emotions, his heart was still beating wildly. He didn't know what he was about to face. It was as if he was a skinned lamb, bloody and exposed in front of Aunt Hanjiu. Whether Aunt Hanjiu steamed him or roasted him, it was all up to her.
"You came from the Great Yan World, and it was Luo Xiao's arrangement." Aunt Hanjiu walked slowly towards Luo Zheng. A strong fragrance assailed his nose. Although the body fragrance was strong, it was not tiresome. On the contrary, it was very fascinating. He couldn't help but inhale it again and again.
She raised her head and gently touched Luo Zheng's chin. "From the beginning, I thought it was very strange. It is impossible for such a genius to be born among the divine people. Even among the rich and powerful, it is difficult to find one. You may be the crystallization of that woman, and not an ordinary divine fetus. More importantly, you did not erase your surname, it is still Luo …"
"That woman … what does she mean?" Luo Zheng asked in a dry voice. She said he was the crystallization of that woman, and that she was a divine fetus. She should be referring to his mother! Previously, Luo Zheng had a clue that his mother was still alive. He and Luo Yan were not purely children created by Luo Xiao. Now that he received confirmation from Aunt Hanjiu, he naturally had to ask!
"No need to ask so many questions." Aunt Hanjiu smiled slightly.
Luo Zheng's face was still very gloomy. He never thought that a simple conversation between Han Liusu and Aunt Hanjiu would be able to deduce everything. Moreover, Yu Taibai was planning to fight with her? Then Han Jia, or Aunt Hanjiu, was standing on the opposite side of the Luo family? This was only one possibility, but it was definitely not good news!
"What are you going to do?" Luo Zheng asked again, even dropping the fake "master" title.
Aunt Hanjiu's originally tightly narrowed eyes suddenly widened, and the fox-like expression disappeared in an instant. Her eyes widened, and she became an innocent and flawless young girl again. There was a burst of bell-like laughter. "Don't be nervous, this world is boring enough. At that time, Luo Xiao wanted to make this world more interesting. I was actually very much looking forward to it, but I didn't expect that he would fail …"
"But I know his character. He is the kind of person who will not give up even if he dies … Sure enough, he is probably almost dead now, but he still hasn't given up. At least I see new hope." Aunt Hanjiu said again.
Despite Aunt Hanjiu's words, the sense of crisis in Luo Zheng's heart did not disappear. These people were too smart. Who knew what she was thinking?
So Luo Zheng asked tentatively, "When you say hope … you mean me?"
Aunt Hanjiu shrugged, neither admitting nor denying. She only stared fixedly at Luo Zheng, looking him up and down. There was a strange feeling in her eyes, as if she had some kind of longing for Luo Zheng, but it was as if she wanted to say something, but didn't.
This feeling was rather chaotic. Luo Zheng also couldn't explain clearly what this quasi-sage meant.
The two of them stared blankly at each other for a long time. Then a voice came from outside the palace. "Master, the little princess has come to visit."
The Han family's Sage Emperor only had two daughters, one big and one small, and they were both born in the last few decades. The eldest princess was Han Liusu, and the little princess was naturally Han Chuyue.
Aunt Hanjiu glared at Luo Zheng. "I don't know how much of your father's talent you inherited, but in this aspect you are quite similar to your father …"
Han Chuyue and Han Liusu's relationship was so good. If they came to visit Luo Zheng, the two sisters would definitely come together. Now that they came separately, either there was some kind of gap in the relationship between the two sisters, or there was some kind of taboo between them!
Aunt Hanjiu remembered that Han Chuyue and Han Liusu entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement at around the same time. Han Chuyue should also know Luo Zheng. For her to secretly avoid her sister like this, other than having feelings for Luo Zheng, what other explanation could there be? She didn't know what the Sage Emperor would think when he found out about this in the future!
Luo Zheng curled his lips. From the entrance of the palace, a woman wearing a blue dress ran in like a wisp of smoke. Her quick-witted eyes spun. After seeing Aunt Hanjiu, Han Chuyue casually called out "Aunt Hanjiu" before jumping in front of Luo Zheng. "Luo … Luo Tianxing!"
She stuck out her tongue. In a moment of carelessness, she almost called out the wrong name.
Aunt Hanjiu said with a strange smile, "I'm really curious, what is your real name …"
Han Chuyue's little face reddened. She touched the top of her head, revealing a trace of apology. She pretended not to know and said, "Real name? What real name? He's called Luo Tianxing! "She naturally didn't know that under her cover, it would only make people more suspicious …
Aunt Hanjiu naturally wouldn't expose Han Chuyue in front of her, so she very cooperatively nodded.
"Luo Tianxing, thank you for helping me and Bi Luo a few days ago! I'll invite you to my house some other day … "Han Chuyue was much more daring than Han Liusu. As she spoke, she secretly winked at Luo Zheng, indicating that she had many things to secretly say to him.
However, Luo Zheng's face was wooden. After hearing Aunt Hanjiu's words, Luo Zheng's heart was in a mess. How could he still be in the mood to play with this little girl?
Unfortunately, Han Chuyue didn't know how to read people's expressions. She took the initiative to shake Aunt Hanjiu's hand and said coquettishly, "I have something to say to Luo Tianxing, Aunt Hanjiu, can you leave for a moment?"
In the Han family, there were no more than four people who dared to speak to Aunt Hanjiu like this.
Aunt Hanjiu was very fond of the Saint Emperor's two daughters, but this time Aunt Hanjiu refused, "Luo Tianxing still has important matters to attend to, I'm afraid he can't come today!"
Hearing this, Han Chuyue showed a disappointed expression, but she quickly adjusted. In any case, Luo Zheng had already arrived at the Luo family's floating island. There would be opportunities in the future. She then said, "That's right, I have a thank you gift here!"
Saying this, she only saw her lightly clapping her hands …
Like magic, she pulled out a huge table from her Sumeru Space. With a wave of her hand, all kinds of cups and bowls appeared. They were filled with all kinds of expensive dishes, some of which even Aunt Han Jiu had never seen before.
After Han Chuyue left, Aunt Hanjiu stared at the table and smiled, "I've troubled this little girl. Some of the dishes are very expensive, to be able to collect them all is not easy …"
Before she finished speaking, a voice came from the door, "Master, the Patriarch's daughter Han Bi Luo requests an audience …"

Chapter 1851
Han Liusu, Han Chuyue, and Han Biluo were the three golden flowers of this generation of the Han Family.
Among them, Han Liusu and Han Chuyue were the daughters of the Holy Emperor, while Han Biluo was the daughter of the Patriarch. On the Han Family floating island, the three of them received the most attention of the younger generation.
If the three of them had come together to visit Luo Zheng, then it would have been fine. After all, Luo Zheng had helped them that day. But the three of them had come alone, which made people feel very strange.
Han Biluo was younger than Han Chuyue by a year, but she was more scheming than Han Chuyue. As soon as she came in, she bowed to Aunt Jiu, "Han Biluo greets Aunt Jiu. I haven't seen Aunt Jiu in a long time, Biluo missed you so much, so I came today. Aunt Jiu has become more beautiful again!"
Aunt Jiu faintly smiled and stared at Han Biluo, "Little girl's mouth has always been so sweet, but I see that the one you miss is not Aunt Jiu, and the one you want to visit is also not Aunt Jiu."
Han Biluo's heart skipped a beat, and she calmly said, "Aunt Jiu, what are you talking about …"
"Haha, Aunty Jiu, do you want to guess that because Luo Tianxing helped you out that day, you've naturally prepared a gift to thank him?" Aunty Hanjiu puckered her lips as she spoke with a smile, and she revealed a scheming and astute appearance.
A trace of uneasiness appeared in Han Bi Luo's eyes, but it quickly disappeared. She unhurriedly said, "Han Bi Luo is grateful for Luo Tianxing's assistance that day. It is normal for me to come and thank him, right?"
"En, en, very normal," Aunt Jiu's face was like a blooming rose, smiling, "But you little girls came one by one today, that's a bit strange!"
Han Biluo was slightly surprised, she did not expect that someone had come before, "Han Chuyue also came?"
"Of course, not only Chuyue, Liusu also came," Aunt Jiu continued to smile.
Hearing Aunt Jiu's words, Han Biluo actually had some doubts in her heart …
Han Liusu was the first to guess Luo Zheng's identity. Later, Han Chuyue also saw through it, but Han Biluo was kept in the dark.
She didn't know that Luo Zheng had already met the two of them in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, and even when Luo Zheng taught Liu Chengtian a lesson last time, Han Bi Luo thought that he was doing it for her!
Han Chuyue and Han Liusu also came to visit Luo Tianxing alone, which really made her feel strange.
Although she was confused, Han Biluo remained calm and collected. She had originally planned to bring Luo Tianxing to Saint Royal City to be nurtured. That was the territory of her father, Han Tianxiao.
But recently, Aunt Hanjiu and her father had been at odds. Moreover, Luo Tian Xing had entered the Purple Soul Palace and had been personally summoned by Aunt Hanjiu. The importance she attached to him could be seen. Of course, she wouldn't be so foolish as to provoke Aunt Hanjiu. Moreover, this wasn't something she could meddle in. At most, she could only suggest it to her father …
Therefore, Han Biluo took out a gift she had prepared long ago and gave it to Luo Zheng. It was an azure necklace, a graded grandmist artifact that could protect one's soul from harm.
Although it wasn't a top-grade grandmist artifact, it was still valuable in the eyes of ordinary disciples. After giving this gift, Han Biluo bid farewell and left.
After Han Biluo left, Aunt Hanjiu sighed softly, "I'm afraid she doesn't know your true identity?"
Luo Zheng nodded. Since Aunt Hanjiu had already guessed most of the truth, there was no need for him to hide it.
"The three girls have something they want to say to you secretly. Today, I've become a candle." She seemed to recall some unhappy memories and continued, "I won't interfere in the matters of you youngsters, but they are still my Han Family's women. If you dare to disappoint them like your father, I'll be the first to not forgive you."
These words sounded a little strange. Looking at Aunt Hanjiu's expression, Luo Zheng faintly suspected that his father had done something wrong to Aunt Hanjiu in the past. After all, Aunt Hanjiu had been a secondary saint for many years. At that time, the Luo Family's floating island hadn't declined and his father should still be the Luo Family's Holy Emperor …
Luo Zheng only dared to make wild guesses in his heart. Naturally, he wouldn't say it out loud.
"Also … 'Luo Tian Xing' should be an alias. What is your real name?" Aunt Hanjiu stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Everyone knew that Mu Haiji had launched a Universal War against Luo Zheng's Universe of Expansion. She already understood that Luo Zheng had changed his name to hide his identity.
With Luo Tian Xing's current cultivation, once his identity was exposed, there was no chance of survival.
"My surname is Luo …" Luo Zheng replied.
"Nonsense?" Aunt Hanjiu glared fiercely at Luo Zheng.
"My name is' Zheng '," Luo Zheng continued.
"Luo Zheng?" Aunt Hanjiu pondered the meaning of this name for a while before saying, "Luo Xiao actually gave you a very ambitious name. In the past, he wrote a famous Dao Struggle piece called 'Conquering the Heavens'. Presumably, your name came from that famous Dao Struggle piece." Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly.
Luo Zheng didn't comment. He didn't ask for too much. He only hoped that Aunt Hanjiu would keep his identity a secret. Now, it seemed that this quasi-sage didn't have any enmity towards him.
Aunt Hanjiu didn't discuss this issue too much. Instead, she changed the topic and shifted the topic to the Arena of Gods. "I observed your battle with the four true gods. Your body is indeed abnormally strong. The realm of your soul is even stronger than most of the lower true gods. However, you relied entirely on brute force to kill your opponents. At the present stage, your opponents are only lower true gods who have just entered the Divine Path. If your ranking continues to rise, sooner or later you will encounter the top geniuses of the rich and powerful families. I'm afraid it will be difficult for you to win so easily. "
In reality, the problem that Aunt Hanjiu spoke of was precisely what Luo Zheng was worried about.
Warriors who had just proven their divinity could indeed gain a lot of extra points if they participated in the cross-level battles. However, if they lost a battle, the loss of points would also be considerable.
Right now, Luo Zheng could handle these lower true gods with ease. However, as his ranking rose, the true gods he would face would become stronger and stronger. It would become more and more difficult to deal with them.
However, Luo Zheng couldn't condense a godhood now. It would be very difficult for his strength to increase. Furthermore, he didn't dare to use the Severing Emotions Divine Path. Even if Luo Zheng participated in the cross-level battles anonymously, his points would ultimately be counted with Han Jia. When that time came, Han Jia would have a disciple who cultivated the Restriction Path. He probably wouldn't be tolerated by the Sage Halls.
Furthermore, according to Aunt Hanjiu's strategy, if Luo Zheng really had a chance to condense a godhood, she wouldn't allow it.
There wasn't much time left. If he wanted to earn enough points in less than three months, he could only do so through the cross-level battles in the Arena of Gods. If his cultivation could really break through to the true god realm, cross-level battles naturally wouldn't exist. The extra points reward wouldn't be that high either. Unless he used the identity of a lower true god to challenge those middle true gods …
"In a short period of time, I'm afraid it will be very difficult for my strength to increase greatly," Luo Zheng said after thinking for a while.
Who knew that Aunt Hanjiu would smile slightly. "It's not impossible. Close your eyes!"
After saying this, Aunt Hanjiu stretched out a finger. Her fingertip lightly tapped Luo Zheng's forehead. Wisps of extremely pure purple mist surrounded Luo Zheng.
In the blink of an eye, everything around Luo Zheng disappeared. He was pulled into a strange world by Aunt Hanjiu …
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes again, what entered his eyes was a world filled with purple mist. It was like the end of the world. In the thick purple mist, unimaginably large serpentine beasts slowly wandered. When those beasts sensed Aunt Hanjiu below them, they all let out resounding cries, as if welcoming her arrival.
In addition to these serpentine beasts, this world also had huge plants that were tens of thousands of feet tall. These plants' leaves covered the sky, and above the leaves hung a dense mass of purple bats.
The resounding cries of the serpentine beasts startled the purple bats below the leaves. These bats all spread their wings, and immediately covered the sky.
Everything seemed bizarre and variegated.
This place was very similar to the Extreme Purple Realm …
Luo Zheng had just entered this place when he thought this in his heart. However, he still opened his mouth to ask, "Where is this?"
Aunt Hanjiu calmly replied, "Purple Sky Absolute Land. This is the universe I created."
The Purple Sky Absolute Land was a special universe. Aunt Hanjiu had relied on the Purple Sky Absolute Land to become a quasi-saint. Moreover, as the Purple Sky Absolute Land was perfected, she also had the possibility of becoming a saint!
"Why did you bring me here?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Although I don't know where your power comes from, your current methods are too simple. I'll teach you a technique in the Power Divine Dao that can unleash your power to the extreme … This technique was created for True Gods who have condensed nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. Although you haven't opened a star, you can still benefit greatly," Aunt Hanjiu said.
Targeted at nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier?
Luo Zheng was slightly startled. His nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier were not only completely condensed, but had already sunk into the world within his body …
Aunt Hanjiu naturally didn't know that there was such an incomprehensible thing as the Primal Chaos Secret Technique in this world, and that someone had even successfully cultivated it.
When Jiu Sheng gifted Luo Zheng a huge amount of power source to help Luo Zheng condense the nine stars, it naturally sunk into the world within his body. Before Luo Zheng, only Saints could merge the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier with the universe!

Chapter 1852
The Realm of the Gods had a very thorough understanding of the Divine Dao.
No matter which Divine Dao it was, it was a mature and complete system.
But after countless years of research, a few geniuses were able to cut apart the Dao of the Divine Dao and combine it with their own comprehension to create their own techniques. For example, Saint Jiu's' Ice Soul Devil Flame 'and Han Yaozhi's' Five Elements Illusory Destruction '.
In the Divine Realm, there was a unified term for this kind of cultivation method. It was called "Outer Dao Divine Ability", which meant that it was a divine ability outside of the Divine Dao …
There were some extra-dao divine abilities that were extremely powerful, such as the Ice Soul Devil Flame. To this day, there were still countless True Gods who wanted to become Saint Jiu's disciples in order to cultivate the Ice Soul Devil Flame.
As for the Five Elements Vanish, it was relatively ordinary. It was not much more powerful than the Five Elements Divine Dao itself. Rather than spending time cultivating the Five Elements Vanish, it was better to invest time in the Divine Dao itself. Therefore, the value of the Five Elements Vanish in the eyes of True Gods was only ordinary. True Gods did not have much interest in it.
As for the debate between the supernatural powers of the Outer Dao and the Divine Dao itself, it was also a Dao struggle that lasted for a long time. Some people said that the Divine Dao was the foundation of the Divine Realm, and that focusing on cultivating the Divine Dao was the right path.
There were also people who said that external divine abilities were the future of the divine realm. The three thousand Divine Daos were deliberately created by powerful beings. Outside the divine realm, there was an even vaster primal chaos. To be limited to the three thousand Divine Daos was to shut one's eyes …
This Dao battle was still going on, and there was still no conclusion to it.
"The most precious thing about the Strength Supreme Dao is that it is able to use one's own power. In fact, it is very powerful, because the source of power can be molded into all kinds of shapes, and the effects are very, very direct. Compared to other Supreme Daos, this is the natural advantage of the Strength Supreme Dao." Saying this, Aunt Hanjiu waved her hand towards the dark purple sky.
"Hualala …"
The snake-like beasts in the purple fog suddenly surged in one direction and disappeared in the blink of an eye. At the same time, 21 purple stars appeared in the deep sky.
Luo Zheng counted and then asked, "Isn't it nine stars? Why are there twenty-one stars? "
Aunty Hanjiu smiled. Nine of the twenty-one purple stars began to shine. These nine stars shone with a multicolored light. They were as beautiful as gems under the sun.
Luo Zheng also knew that this was the color of the source of power. In Luo Zheng's Inner World, there were also nine similar stars twinkling with rainbow-like colors.
Luo Zheng's nine stars were slightly smaller than Aunt Jiu's stars, but they were only about a quarter smaller. Moreover, Luo Zheng had only absorbed a third of Jiu Sheng's power source. This meant that although Aunt Jiu Sheng already possessed nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and had also incorporated them into the "Purple Sky Absolute Ground", her power source was still less than that of an ordinary Saint.
As Aunt Hanjiu waved her hand again, strands of invisible power descended from the sky.
Under normal circumstances, these energy fluctuations were colorless and formless, and could not be seen.
The reason why Luo Zheng was able to injure Leng Lin Yue was because of the long sword condensed from power. Leng Lin Yue did not notice that invisible long sword at the crucial moment and almost had his head pierced through.
In reality, Luo Zheng's two battles with Leng Lin Yue and Xie Jiao had caused many disciples of wealthy families to be very confused. They did not know how Luo Zheng used that invisible power, nor did they know what kind of Divine Dao Luo Zheng cultivated.
After all, they could not have imagined that a martial artist who had proven himself to be able to use the "Transcendence Mystical Power" to draw out pure power from his body …
The Purple Sky Absolute Ground was constantly shrouded in purple fog. The invisible power was very conspicuous, and the fog highlighted the outline of this power.
Under Aunt Hanjiu's control, the invisible power quickly descended. After the power continuously pushed away the purple fog, it transformed into all kinds of shapes. There were human figures, dragons, phoenixes …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
In reality, Luo Zheng could also do this. Using the Transcendence Mystical Power, he could easily knead the power into all kinds of shapes. However, he could only soften one shape at a time. He could not do it as easily as Aunt Hanjiu, and create so many at once.
"This Mystical Power is an Outer Dao Mystical Power that is comprehended from the Divine Dao of Strength. It is commonly known as' Power Tracing '." Aunt Hanjiu continued, "Actually, the lowest level of Power Tracing has always been used by martial artists after opening the eight dao pillars!"
The most primitive power was purely within a martial artist's body. When fighting an enemy, one had to squeeze out the power from their muscles and meridians.
After opening the eight dao pillars, the extra power would condense in the dao pillars. When a body cultivator needed power, they would draw it out from the dao pillars and transmit it through their meridians to their hands.
This was the most basic form of Power Tracing. It was to shape the power into a fluid and quickly transmit it through the meridians to where the martial artist needed it.
"This also counts as Power Tracing …" Luo Zheng curled his lips. This Power Tracing sounded very mysterious. He didn't think anyone could do it.
Aunt Hanjiu glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently, "That is only the lowest level of usage. It is unable to force the power out of the body. Once you fully understand Power Tracing, you will be able to reach this step and greatly increase your ability to defend against enemies."
After speaking, Aunt Hanjiu stretched out her slender fingers and lightly flicked them. From her fingertips, five invisible powers extended an inch away, like the outlines of sharp and invisible nails.
"… …"
This scene made Luo Zheng choke for a long time. He was so stunned that he couldn't say a word.
He already had the Transcendence Mystical Power. Doing this was simply a piece of cake!
Aunt Hanjiu didn't see Luo Zheng's battle with Leng Lin Yue. Otherwise, she wouldn't have done something so superfluous. She very seriously explained, "The most powerful use of Power Tracing is that once you have the Transcendence Mystical Power, you can transform into countless shapes. It is impossible to guard against. Power Tracing is divided into three stages. I will first teach you the first stage. I will teach you how to force the source of power out of the body … …"
The first stage of power tracing was to simply shape the power, and at the same time, use the power as an extension of oneself. Just like the invisible fingertips on Aunt Jiu's fingertips, if used properly, it would often be able to catch the opponent off guard.
The second stage was to extend the power even further. At the same time, the power could be shaped into simple shapes.
The third stage was the most complex use. It was to turn the power into an independent entity and control it. The third stage was the most powerful, but the requirements were the most stringent. Only those who had the Transcendence Mystical Power had the qualifications to use it as they wished. However, the Transcendence Mystical Power was the exclusive ability of Saints!
In fact, Luo Zheng was now in between the second and third stage. With the Transcendence Mystical Power, he could already easily shape some simple shapes. However, he was far from being as flexible as Aunt Hanjiu.
Just as Aunt Hanjiu was about to teach the most basic principle of Power Tracing, Luo Zheng finally couldn't help but ask, "Master … … Is this the first stage?"
After saying this, Luo Zheng lightly punched out. From his fist, a pure power surged out, parting the purple mist in front of it to form the outline of a fist.
Seeing this, Aunt Hanjiu's face was calm. "Since you have already comprehended the Dao of Power Tracing, why haven't I seen you use it in the Arena of Gods?"
With Luo Zheng's talent, it wasn't too strange for him to comprehend it on his own. Aunt Hanjiu was very calm.
Luo Zheng didn't stop. Instead, he continued to say, "Is this the second stage?" After saying this, he lightly shook his fist. His hand lightly waved a few times in the purple mist. Gradually, the outline of a long sword condensed in Luo Zheng's hand. However, this sword was still held in Luo Zheng's hand, never leaving Luo Zheng's hand.
"You!"
At this moment, Aunt Hanjiu's face revealed a look of surprise. She really hadn't thought that Luo Zheng, a Proof of Divinity expert, would actually cultivate Power Tracing to such a level. If this was the case, then her actions were indeed superfluous.
In reality, without using the Transcendence Mystical Power, Luo Zheng simply couldn't understand the so-called Power Tracing. This Power Tracing was originally a supplementary ability of the Transcendence Mystical Power.
Luo Zheng glanced at Aunt Hanjiu and smiled slightly. The hand holding the formless long sword lightly waved. The formless long sword pierced through the purple mist. After rushing out a distance of several tens of feet, it circled around and returned to Luo Zheng's hand, leaving a clear trail in the purple mist.

Chapter 1853
Luo Zheng seemed to have displayed the first stage of power retracing, but Aunt Han Jiu didn't feel anything.
Since he was proficient in so many Divine Daos, and could even cultivate Purple Cloud Divine Dao, it wasn't difficult for him to figure out the most basic use of power retracing through Strength Divine Dao.
Comprehending the second stage on his own was a bit difficult. That required a very deep understanding of power, but relying on the power of the eight-layered dao platform wasn't enough to support comprehension, so Aunt Han Jiu was naturally shocked.
Shock was shock, but it was still within Aunt Han Jiu's acceptable range. However, Luo Zheng was actually able to make the long sword formed by power fly out of his body — this was too unreasonable!
Not to mention Luo Zheng, even a consummate True God couldn't completely gather the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier without constructing a universe.
Power that left the body was like a rootless source, and would be exhausted in an extremely short period of time. Moreover, it couldn't be controlled at all … this was also why power wasn't valued so much in the divine realm.
When one reached Aunt Jiu's level, one could display their power to the extreme after using a transcendent divine ability. However, Saints often didn't need pure power. Thus, after Saint Jiu constructed the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he went against the norm and destroyed the nine stars. All of the power source was stored in a large pool, and from time to time, he would give away some …
When one's cultivation was low, they couldn't use it, and when one's cultivation was high, they couldn't use it. This was the awkward aspect of body refining.
However, there were exceptions to everything, and Aunt Han Jiu was one of them.
Aunt Han Jiu merged the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier with the world within her body, but her internal world was a "Purple Sky Absolute Land" constructed with Purple Cloud Divine Dao, not a complete universe, so she was only a Secondary Saint.
Although Aunt Han Jiu didn't have a complete universe, after the nine stars merged with Purple Sky Absolute Land, she also had the Transcendence Mystical Power, and with her own comprehension of Purple Cloud Divine Dao, she could transform all power into a huge formless sword array, and also display the Transcendence Mystical Power and power retracing to the extreme.
This was also Aunt Han Jiu's strongest point, and where her greatest confidence lay.
However, Aunt Hanjiu never thought that one day, she would see a martial artist who had proven himself as a divinity so easily do this. Even if she was a quasi-sage, an existence who could see all the mountains and small mountains among the gods, her vision far surpassed that of ordinary gods, she still couldn't understand the scene before her eyes.
She was silent for a while before she said, "No wonder … I said that with your performance in the Arena of the Gods, it would be very difficult for you to kill Xie Jiao, and it would be even more impossible for you to injure Leng Linyue. Now I have found the reason."
Hearing Aunt Hanjiu's words, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. She was indeed worthy of being called a Second Sage. Her perception was terrifyingly strong. Although she wasn't present at the battle between him and Leng Linyue, she was still able to deduce the reason why he had injured Leng Linyue in an instant!
"Since Master wants to teach me the 'Power Tracing' technique, I wonder if I can reach Master's level?" Luo Zheng took advantage of the situation to ask.
Luo Zheng's control over the origin of power was still very limited. At the very least, he hadn't used the Transcendence Divine Ability to the extreme. In front of him, Aunt Hanjiu was likely to be a peak expert in this field. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of such an opportunity. After all, this would allow Luo Zheng to have more confidence when facing the top ranked lower true gods in the Hall of the Gods!
Aunt Hanjiu glanced at Luo Zheng …
Although Power Tracing was an external divine ability of the Divine Path of Strength, there were many people who cultivated it. Aunt Hanjiu relied on this ability to become a quasi-sage, so naturally it had its own unique advantages.
Before, Aunt Hanjiu had only planned to teach Luo Zheng a simple Power Tracing technique. She didn't plan to involve the second stage, and it was even more impossible for her to involve the third stage.
Although Luo Zheng called her Master, it was only an honorific. He wasn't her disciple and didn't take her as his Master.
Thinking of this, Aunt Hanjiu suddenly had an idea. Taking Luo Xiao's son as her disciple didn't seem like a bad decision?
"This divine ability of mine has never been passed on to outsiders … However, if you can really take me as your Master and become my disciple, it isn't impossible," Aunt Hanjiu said.
If Aunt Hanjiu's disciples could really construct the "Purple Sky Absolute Ground," their strength would increase explosively. The possibility of becoming a quasi-sage would be much higher than ordinary upper true gods. Unfortunately, until now, no disciple had constructed the Purple Sky Absolute Ground. Naturally, no one had been able to obtain Aunt Hanjiu's true inheritance.
Now, an excellent candidate had appeared. He was merely a Proof of Divinity warrior, but he had all the conditions to cultivate her true inheritance. Moreover, these conditions shouldn't appear on a Proof of Divinity warrior. It could even be said that True Gods didn't have the qualifications.
Aunt Hanjiu was naturally moved.
"I already have a Master. My Master is Gu Bei," Luo Zheng replied straightforwardly.
Now that Aunt Hanjiu knew his identity, he wasn't afraid that she would know more.
"… …"
Aunt Hanjiu's eyes revealed a trace of depression. She should have thought of this long ago. Gu Bei and Luo Xiao's relationship was so good. Now that Luo Xiao had suffered so much, it was impossible for Gu Bei to not help.
"However, if Master is willing to teach me the Absolute Ground, I will definitely cultivate diligently," Luo Zheng said with a smile. At this stage, he didn't dare to use the Emotion Severing Divine Path. He also didn't dare to casually reveal the aura of primal chaos. Moreover, the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy Book that could sever karma had no effect in the divine domain. Although the divine domain also had the rules of karma, this wasn't the universe. The reason why the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy Book was powerful was because Luo Xiao had given it the ability to sever karma.
Aunt Hanjiu fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng was her son, she could make an exception. However, she was still somewhat unwilling in her heart. Then, Aunt Hanjiu reluctantly said, "In that case, I can teach you the God Slaughtering Sword Formation."
"What? God Slaughtering Sword Formation? "Luo Zheng was immediately stunned.
"You've heard of it?" Aunt Hanjiu stared at Luo Zheng.
Although Aunt Hanjiu was a Secondary Sage, she wasn't like the Sage Emperors of the various floating islands who could enter and exit the Sage Halls at will. She was worried about Luo Xiao's safety, but at that time, the Sage Halls were closed. She couldn't even contact the Sage Emperors of the Han family. The highest floating island was also closed.
After the Universal War ended, Aunt Hanjiu only knew that the Great Yan Universe was safe and sound. As for Mu Haiji, he was punished because he had violated the rules of the Governing Slate.
Hearing this news, Aunt Hanjiu was naturally very happy. However, she didn't know how the war between the Great Yan Universe and the Great Yan Universe had been carried out.
Thus, she naturally didn't know that Xi Youqin had used the God Slaughtering Sword Formation in the Great Yan Universe.
"Right …"
Luo Zheng's mind spun quickly. He suddenly discovered something strange. There was originally a connection between the two.
Although the Great Yan Universe's Extreme Purple Realm was very damaged, it was very similar to the Purple Sky Decimating Ground. Xi Youqin had also only started to learn sword formations after passing through the Extreme Purple Realm. Xi Youqin had truly grasped the God Slaughtering Sword Formation in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
What was the connection between them?
While Luo Zheng was thinking, Aunt Hanjiu's face once again revealed an excited expression. "If you've really seen the God Slaughtering Sword Formation, it definitely couldn't have been in the Divine Realm. It must have been in the Great Yan Universe! According to the agreement from back then, a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body appeared in the Extreme Purple Realm! "
Xi Youqin indeed had a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, the Great Yan Universe's Extreme Purple Yin Body's classification should be different from the Divine Realm's, right? At least, he hadn't heard of the Extreme Purple Yin Body's classification in the Purple Soul Palace.
However, since Aunt Hanjiu had said this, Luo Zheng had basically thought of everything that he should think of …
The Extreme Purple Realm was a special and damaged world. The Great Yan Universe's laws couldn't completely cover it. Moreover, the Extreme Purple Realm didn't seem to experience a great extinction.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng met Aunt Hanjiu's eyes. Aunt Hanjiu actually guessed what Luo Zheng wanted to say. She immediately said, "You've guessed correctly. The Extreme Purple Realm is where I once stayed. Your father specially opened it for me. Your father and I created the God Slaughtering Sword Formation together. I once promised him that if a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body really appeared in the Great Yan Universe, he would naturally be able to obtain the inheritance of the God Slaughtering Sword Formation. As for Luo Xiao's specific arrangements, I don't know."
She paused for a moment and revealed a curious expression. "Since you've seen the God Slaughtering Sword Formation, do you know who cast it? Did he come to the Divine Realm?"
Luo Zheng blankly thought for a while.
After he'd smuggled himself out, he was arranged to stay in the Vast Sky Territory. Why was he in Han Jia's territory? Luo Zheng had been puzzled for a while. Now, he finally understood. This was the intention of his father's arrangement. His father hoped that he could find Aunt Hanjiu to rely on.

Chapter 1854
When Aunt Hanjiu first met Luo Xiao, she was only a middle true god, but her performance in Han Jia was stunning. She was the focus of cultivation.
At that time, the study of Purple Cloud Divine Dao wasn't as mature as it was now. Even whether Purple Sky Absolute Land could form was questioned. Opening a universe in divine territory wasn't easy.
Purple Cloud Divine Dao's only advantage was in "transformation" and "control." It was much weaker than other Divine Daos.
Later, Luo Xiao made an exception and let Aunt Hanjiu into his universe. He opened a world and tried to create Purple Sky Absolute Land. This was the origin of the Extreme Purple Realm.
Compared to the difficulty of opening a space in divine territory, it was much easier in the Great Yan Universe. Plus, Aunt Hanjiu had Luo Xiao's help.
Not long after, the Extreme Purple Realm was opened. Aunt Hanjiu displayed shocking talent and created many great sword formations at the same time. The most powerful of them all was the God Slaying Sword Formation.
Just as Aunt Hanjiu was very satisfied with her creation, Luo Xiao told Aunt Hanjiu that if his guess was correct, the strongest God Slaughtering Sword Array was not the "real sword," but the "virtual sword." The so-called "virtual sword" here was actually using power to force the power out of the body into an invisible sword.
However, at that time, Aunt Hanjiu had yet to become a quasi-saint and was unable to use the Transcendence Divine Power. Her Power Retracing could only reach the second stage of Power Retracing. Therefore, she was still unable to leave the Solid Sword, which was the Long Vine Sword, Buddha Emperor Sword, Double Sun Sword, and Heaven Fang Sword that Luo Xiao had given her.
Those four swords were no longer of use to Aunt Hanjiu, but she still kept them in her hands. Occasionally, in the dead of night, she would take them out and caress them. Her heart was filled with nostalgia. The days she spent in the Grand Evolution Universe were her happiest times.
Back when the Luo Family's floating island was in danger, Aunt Han Jiu had stood by Luo Xiao's side without hesitation. However, at the time, she was only an upper true god. She hadn't been able to complete the God-Slaying Array's Void Sword Array. She wanted to help Han Jia, but Han Jia ordered her to stay on the floating island. Han Jia even sent a Paragon to imprison her. In the end, she could only watch as Han Jia's floating island suffered a calamity and Luo Xiao perished.
Even now, that scene still lingered in her mind. She swore in her heart that if she had the chance, she would do everything in her power to help Yu Taibai and the others. Perhaps there would be a sliver of a chance for Luo Xiao to turn things around. After all, as long as his universe was indestructible, so was he.
However …
Yu Taibai didn't seem to buy her words and was rather hostile towards her. A long time ago, when she was exploring Buzhou Spirit Mountain, she encountered Yu Taibai and he actually wanted to attack her.
Today, after confirming Luo Zheng's identity, she naturally understood that a sliver of a chance had quietly arrived. This had to be Luo Xiao's arrangement. That man wouldn't give up even if he died!
And the man in front of her was exactly the same as him. Even in terms of women, they were very similar …
When she left the Grand Yan Universe, the Extreme Purple Realm hadn't been erased. She'd left her inheritance there, especially the God-Slaying Array.
She and Luo Xiao had agreed that if one day a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body appeared in the Grand Yan Universe, that person would naturally be qualified to cultivate it. After all, Aunt Han Jiu had the best Extreme Purple Yin Body.
Luo Xiao had even joked that Aunt Han Jiu's Extreme Purple Yin Body couldn't be born naturally. She was a complete exception. Unless Luo Xiao personally created an Extreme Purple Yin Body, only then would he have the qualifications to meet Aunt Han Jiu's requirements and receive her inheritance.
Now that a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body had finally appeared, this Extreme Purple Yin Body must have been deliberately created by Luo Xiao. However, she hadn't expected that the woman who received her inheritance would be Luo Zheng's wife …
Aunt Han Jiu's beautiful eyes blinked, then she asked again, "Has she entered the divine territory?"
"I'm not sure." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng brought Ning Yudie and her family into the Immortal Abode. Xi Youqin was naturally willing to enter the Immortal Abode, but Luo Zheng didn't allow it.
As one of the ten Dao Disciples, Xi Youqin was destined to have her own path. According to Xingwei's arrangements, Xi Youqin should have snuck in after attaining godhood.
She had already undergone the blood exchange, and now Yu Taibai was still dragging the Jiang Family's footsteps. Witnessing this was to create opportunities for these Dao Disciples.
When Luo Zheng left the Great Yan Abode, Hua Tianming had already left one step ahead of him. Now, Luo Zheng didn't know how the other Dao Disciples were faring or whether they'd reached the divine territory.
"According to Luo Xiao's arrangements, she should have snuck into the Han Family's ancestral land. Someone like that needs to be personally nurtured by me." Aunt Han Jiu narrowed her eyes. "During this time, I'll arrange for some people to search for the Extreme Purple Yin Body in the territory controlled by the Han Family … What's her name?"
"Xi Youqin," Luo Zheng replied. "However, if she enters the divine territory, it's very likely that she'll choose an alias. I'm afraid it won't be that easy to find her …"
The divine territory was so vast that it was difficult to cross just one territory.
The reason why Luo Zheng was able to meet Aunt Hanjiu in such a short time was because he had formulated a strict plan. At the same time, he had relied on his own powerful talent to successfully step onto the floating island. It was also because of a freak combination of factors that he had entered the Purple Soul Palace.
"You don't have to worry about that." Aunt Han Jiu shook her head, showing great determination. Many years ago, she'd missed an opportunity. This time, no matter what, she wouldn't miss it. She then continued, "Let's talk about the God-Slaughtering Sword Array …"
Aunt Han Jiu stared at Luo Zheng and continued, "Only those who possess the Transmigration Theurgy have the qualifications to wield such power. Just what kind of world have you constructed? You haven't even condensed a Godhood, yet you can use the Transmigration Theurgy."
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. "It's also because of this that I find it difficult to condense a Godhood …"
"Even you find it difficult to condense a Godhood?" Aunt Han Jiu's gaze hardened slightly. Of course, she knew how important Luo Zheng was to Luo Xiao. If he couldn't even condense a Godhood, it definitely wasn't because Luo Zheng's talent wasn't enough. Most likely, it was because Luo Zheng's Godhood was special, or the world he'd constructed in his body was special.
Luo Xiao and Gu Bei were considered the most creative Saints. Their vision wasn't limited to the divine territory at all. It was normal that they'd cultivated such a shocking little monster. However, if he couldn't condense a Godhood, it was ultimately a great hidden danger. Aunt Han Jiu asked again, "Do you need me to help you with anything?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I've already found a solution." The problem he'd encountered, let alone Aunt Han Jiu, even if Gu Bei came personally, he probably wouldn't have a good solution. Moreover, he'd already found more "mud." As long as he obtained enough points in the Arena of the Gods this time, he'd be able to collect the mud. Perhaps the Godhood would be condensed.
Seeing Luo Zheng so confident, Aunt Han Jiu didn't ask any more questions. That might be Luo Zheng's greatest secret. She immediately said, "Since Xi Youqin has already cultivated the God Slaughtering Sword Formation, and she's your wife, I'm sure you've seen the God Slaughtering Sword Formation before …"
"I've seen it before." Luo Zheng nodded. "Other than the God Slaughtering Sword Formation, there's also the Little Purple River Formation, the Yin-Yang Descending Sword Formation …"
"They're all sword formations that I've cultivated in the past. However, back then, I could only use the 'Solid Sword.' Although the God Slaughtering Sword Formation is powerful, it's destined to have great limitations," Aunt Han Jiu said calmly.
Later, after Aunt Han Jiu had cultivated to the level of a Quasi-Saint, she'd used the "Void Sword." In other words, she'd traced the shape of the God Slaughtering Sword Formation with power.
After all, after using the Transcendental Theurgy to drive the "Sword of Power", not only would it be more powerful, the changes within would also be faster and more casual. In terms of power alone, it would be more than a hundred times stronger.
As she spoke …
Aunt Han Jiu stretched out her hand and lightly waved.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Not far away, the silhouettes formed by power suddenly spread out, transforming into strands of formless swords that were about ten feet long, shooting out in all directions.
In this space, there were thousands of formless and colorless longswords of power. These longswords shuttled back and forth in the purple mist, leaving behind long and narrow sword silhouettes.
Very quickly, these sword silhouettes surrounded Luo Zheng …

Chapter 1855
Luo Zheng had seen Xi Youqin use the God Slaying Sword Array before, and its power was indeed terrifying.
Even if Xi Youqin was only a Realm Lord at that time, she could still kill a Heavenly Venerable with the God Slaying Sword Array, and there were probably more than five Heavenly Venerables that died in the God Slaying Sword Array.
Moreover, the four swords Xi Youqin used were the four swords formed from the divine patterns of the Heaven Tier race, so their power would be greatly reduced.
If Luo Zheng really grasped the four sword transformations of the God Slaying Sword Array and could use them as he wished, there would be a qualitative change to his current strength …
As Aunt Han Jiu's voice fell, the countless formless swords began to merge, and as the purple mist continued to roll, condensing into four swords.
Through the outlines outlined by the purple mist, Luo Zheng could distinguish the shapes of these four swords.
One of the swords was surrounded by vines, so he could see the irregular outline of the vines protruding around the sword. This sword was called the Long Vine Sword.
The end of one sword was like a Maitreya Buddha sitting upright, the middle as wide as a wheel. This was the Buddha Emperor Sword.
Another sword was layered like a pagoda. This was the Heavy Sun Sword.
The last sword was covered with sharp thorns and fangs. This was the Heavenly Fang Sword.
"You can use your power to retrace the shape of these four swords," Aunt Han Jiu said in a commanding tone.
"This … the shape of the swords isn't important, right?" Luo Zheng asked. Did he really need those four swords to set up the God Slaying Sword Array? He was using power to shape the swords now, so there shouldn't be such a big limitation.
"Less nonsense," Aunt Han Jiu shouted coldly. She, a dignified Secondary Saint, imparted her own ultimate arts to this brat just like that, so how could she have so many other thoughts …
"Oh." Luo Zheng nodded, silently extracting the power source of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier.
In reality, Luo Zheng hadn't truly comprehended the power of retracing the shape of power, and Luo Zheng couldn't do it at all. His greatest advantage was that he could directly use the Transcendence Mystical Power to shape the swords as he wished, which was equivalent to directly jumping from the first stage to the third stage of retracing the shape of power!
"Hu … hu …"
After Luo Zheng extracted the power, he directly used the Transcendence Mystical Power to form the shape.
The first sword to take form was … the Long Vine Sword!
Luo Zheng firmly engraved the shape of Auntie Jiu's sword in his mind. Soon, an identical long vine sword appeared in front of Luo Zheng. However, it was slightly smaller than Auntie Jiu's sword. For Luo Zheng, it was just a piece of cake.
"The second one!"
When Luo Zheng began to draw the second sword, the first Long Vine Sword suddenly trembled and collapsed.
"This …" Luo Zheng scratched his head.
Aunty Hanjiu laughed coldly, "Didn't you understand the dao of the Great Violet Qi Art? You don't know how to use the Purple Clouds Divine Dao's Mind Control Technique? "
What Aunt Han Jiu didn't know was that Luo Zheng himself hadn't comprehended the Great Purple Qi Art. What truly comprehended the Great Purple Qi Art was the Infinite Ruler in his mind.
The two most prominent abilities of the Purple Qi Art were transformation and control. For example, Xi Youqin had a Grade One Extreme Violet Yin Body. She was born with a powerful control ability, so she could control thousands of huge swords.
Of course, controlling those huge swords was much easier than what Luo Zheng was facing now. This was because Luo Zheng had to maintain the Long Vine Sword while controlling the other sword. It was very difficult for Luo Zheng to maintain the Long Vine Sword without activating the Purple Clouds Divine Dao.
Under Aunt Han Jiu's guidance, a small scale in Luo Zheng's mind flashed with a purple light. At the same time, a purple light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes.
The dao of the Purple Clouds Divine Dao …
Luo Zheng condensed the first Long Vine Sword while comprehending. Then, he waved his arm gently and opened his palm to carefully extract the power source.
"The second one!"
"Whoosh …"
"Buddha Emperor Sword!"
The second Buddha Emperor Sword was condensed by Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng was not happy at all. His eyes flashed again, and he took advantage of the situation to attack.
"The third one …"
"Whoosh …"
The third Double Sun Sword was also condensed by Luo Zheng.
However, the three swords appeared at the same time for only half a breath's time. The three swords collapsed at the same time.
"Lousy, again!" Aunt Han Jiu sneered.
Her face was full of disdain, but in fact, she was in great shock.
Luo Xiao's son's talent was a bit too strong!
When she had just become a quasi-saint, she had obtained the ability to transcend worlds. She had thought about how to modify the Slaughter Sword Formation. According to Luo Xiao's prediction, she had tried to retrace her power and restore the four swords to their original state.
However, she had spent a full month to retrace her power to two swords at the same time. The third one had taken almost half a year.
A year and a half was not short for mortals, but for Aunt Han Jiu and the true gods, it was just a blink of an eye. She was quite satisfied with her speed.
But now …
Luo Zheng, this guy, had only tried twice and was able to condense three swords at the same time.
Aunt Han Jiu, who was full of confidence, suddenly felt hurt. Was it because her talent was not enough, or was it because Luo Zheng was too monstrous?
"Let's try again. I also just started cultivating. Why do you have to be like this …" Luo Zheng mumbled. He also felt that Aunt Han Jiu's request was too much.
"What are you talking about?" Aunt Han Jiu asked with an unhappy face.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He did not dare to speak and continued to extract the power source to retrace his power.
On his third attempt, Luo Zheng was able to maintain the three swords for three breaths of time. After three breaths of time, the three swords collapsed at the same time.
On his fourth attempt, twenty breaths of time …
On his fifth attempt, fifteen minutes of time …
On his sixth attempt, fifteen minutes of time …
On his seventh attempt, Luo Zheng was able to stabilize the three swords. Luo Zheng was able to stabilize the three swords.
"How is it?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"Average …" Aunt Han Jiu's heart was filled with complex feelings. She once again doubted her own talent.
This father and son pair really had the same moral conduct.
Back then, when Aunt Hanjiu fell in love with Luo Xiao and cultivated in the Grand Evolution Universe, she was also repeatedly struck by Luo Xiao's powerful innate talent and comprehension ability. She also rapidly matured under Luo Xiao's strict requirements and strikes.
At that time, Aunt Han Jiu also understood that her talent would not be able to catch up with this man. However, Luo Xiao was also a Sage at that time. She was inferior to him. She adored and worshipped Luo Xiao. Naturally, there was no difference in her heart. It seemed that it was normal for her to be inferior to Luo Xiao.
Now, her son had run over. Moreover, her son was a Divine Martial Artist. At this moment, Aunt Han Jiu's heart was filled with depression and jealousy. Not to mention that a quasi-sage was broad-minded, even a woman who cultivated to the Sage level was still a narrow-minded Sage.
"Since you've already grasped three swords, now is the time to start on the fourth." Aunt Han Jiu continued, "I've already slowed down the flow of time in the Purple Sky Absolute Land. You can slowly cultivate here."
Time was still very precious to Luo Zheng. There were only two months left until the floating island recalculated the rankings. If he wasted a few months in the Purple Sky Absolute Land, the rankings would have already been created. The Purple Soul Palace would probably have no choice but to expel eighty percent of their disciples.
The difficulty of tracing out four swords at the same time was an order of magnitude more difficult than three. Luo Zheng's first attempt was completely destroyed before the swords' shapes were completed.
However, Luo Zheng's expression did not change. He did not even blink. Once again, he urged his power source …
Aunt Han Jiu silently looked at Luo Zheng's back. Her eyes were hazy. The seriously cultivating Luo Zheng's back was almost exactly the same as Luo Xiao's. This caused Aunt Han Jiu's thoughts to constantly drift back to the days when she cultivated in the Purple Extreme Realm. In order to allow her to study sword formations, Luo Xiao had asked her to gently close her eyes. When she opened them again, she saw that the Purple Extreme Realm was filled with giant swords.
There were 99.9 billion giant swords, densely dotted in the sky of the Purple Extreme Realm. They were at her disposal. At that time, her heart had been filled with joy …
After a full ten days, Luo Zheng was finally able to make the four swords exist for a breath of time at the same time.
Back then, Aunt Han Jiu had done this for six months.
After two months in the Purple Sky Absolute Land, Luo Zheng's four swords could exist for five breaths of time at the same time …
Half a year later, the four swords finally stabilized.
In this half a year, Luo Zheng did not seem to have any other distracting thoughts. He was still focused on condensing swords, dispersing them, condensing swords, dispersing them. He kept repeating this boring process.
Fortunately, Aunt Han Jiu had changed the flow of time. Half a year in the Purple Sky Absolute Land was only three days in the outside world.

Chapter 1856
The God Slaying Sword Formation was created by Aunt Hanjiu herself, but the idea was provided by Luo Xiao.
However, at that time, the God Slaying Sword Formation was the most primitive variation of the four swords, and there were still many flaws.
After Aunt Hanjiu was conferred the title of Secondary Saint, even the four swords formation had a huge change. Purely in terms of power, it had increased a lot.
"The reason why you must trace the power back to the four swords of Long Vine, Buddha Emperor, Double Sun, and Sky Tooth was because each sword had different abilities. Among them, Long Vine mainly used the 'entanglement' formation, Buddha Emperor used the 'killing' formation, Double Sun used the 'protection' formation, and Sky Tooth used the 'biting' formation. In fact, the thirty-two and ninety-six sword variations of the God Slaying Sword Formation no longer have these restrictions, but now you can't control the thirty-two sword variations, and the four sword variations are still mainly based on these four swords …"
The four swords each had their own single sword variations, which were entanglement, killing, protection, and biting.
And when the two swords cooperated with each other, they could display entanglement, killing, biting, and so on, including three sword combinations, four sword combinations, and many other variations.
On one hand, he had to maintain the stability of these swords, and on the other hand, he had to familiarize himself with the coordination of these four swords. Even for Luo Zheng, it was a considerable challenge. Fortunately, the time in the Purple Sky Absolute Land could be controlled. With Aunt Hanjiu's help, Luo Zheng's understanding of the God Slaying Sword Formation increased little by little.
In a month's time, Luo Zheng's mastery of the God Slaying Sword Formation had reached a certain level. He had mastered the single sword variations, which meant that with any sword, Luo Zheng could unleash its greatest advantage.
In three months, Luo Zheng had mastered the coordination of the two swords. The two swords' variations were even more mysterious, and whether it was power or agility, they were a level higher.
In half a year, Luo Zheng had mastered the three sword combinations. When the three swords were used together, it was the essence of the God Slaying Sword Formation, and it could be called the ultimate move.
When the four swords were used together, Luo Zheng spent a whole year to completely master it. This was the ultimate move of the God Slaying Sword Formation. What he had to understand was not only the formation, but also the characteristics of the four swords …
Seeing Luo Zheng's speed of improvement, Aunt Hanjiu's heart calmed down.
His father was already so monstrous, and this son was already extremely special. If he inherited his father's monstrous talent, he would only be more terrifying than his father …
Thinking about it carefully, Aunt Hanjiu also knew that she had indeed taught a very terrifying person.
The true God Slaying Sword Formation could only be mastered by a Quasi-saint or even a Saint. Luo Zheng could already control it as he wished at the Proof of Divinity stage. She was also looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance in the Arena of Gods.
One year in the Purple Sky Extinction Ground was equivalent to six days in the God's Domain. In addition to the three days that Luo Zheng used to retrace his figure, only nine days had passed.
When Aunt Hanjiu and Luo Zheng left the Purple Sky Extreme Land and returned to the palace …
As soon as he returned, a middle-aged man had been waiting for him in the palace for a long time. It was the Han family's head, Han Tianxiao, whom Luo Zheng had met once before.
Aunt Hanjiu was extremely angry with Han Tianxiao. Seeing him, she naturally didn't have a good expression. Instead, she said coldly, "I wonder why the family head has come again?"
A trace of helplessness appeared on Han Tianxiao's face. He then said, "The Xie family has already come knocking. Our Han family has gone against reason. I wonder how Quasi-saint plans to deal with this?"
In the end, Xie Jiao had died on the Han family's floating island. Moreover, he had been killed by an outsider disciple of the Han family. Among the rich and powerful families, this kind of thing definitely needed an explanation. The Xie family had sent people to bring it up a few times before, but because of Aunt Hanjiu, the Han family had always avoided answering.
This time, in their anger, the Xie family had actually joined forces with the Leng and Liu families to pressure the Han family.
In reality, Han Tianxiao didn't have any misgivings about the Xie and Liu families. The two families ranked at the bottom had only become rich and powerful because they were riding on someone else's coattails. If they weren't careful, they might accidentally be eliminated, and these two families would be removed from the list of rich and powerful families. Although the Xie and Liu families also had two Saints, rich and powerful families did need Saints. However, having a Saint didn't mean that they would become rich and powerful!
Han Tianxiao hadn't expected the Leng family to suddenly appear.
Thinking back to the conflict between Han Liusu and Leng Linyue, the biggest problem might lie here. Although Han Tianxiao was well aware of this, he still wanted to throw this problem to Aunt Hanjiu …
"The Xie family wants an explanation. What does that have to do with the Leng family? What right does the Leng family have to say 'yes'? "Han Liusu replied coldly.
This matter wasn't that big of a deal. The Xie family had many direct descendants, and Xie Jiao wasn't particularly outstanding. Since Xie Jiao wanted to kill Luo Zheng, being killed by Luo Zheng was just asking for humiliation.
The only problem was Luo Zheng's identity. He was just an outsider.
"You know that the ranking this time is very important to our Han family. The Leng family will help us. For this reason, the Holy Emperor even agreed to the marriage between Han Liusu and Leng Linyue … I don't want this to affect our relationship with the Leng family!"
The marriage between Han Liusu and Leng Linyue was just a catalyst for the two families to form an alliance. It wasn't important, but Han Tianxiao didn't want to see a conflict arise because of this catalyst.
"Right now, we just have to push that kid out. Then we can easily resolve this matter." Han Tianxiao glanced at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's arrogant words made Han Tianxiao very unhappy. Although Luo Zheng had shown extraordinary strength by killing Xie Jiao and injuring Leng Linyue, so what? Han family didn't lack experts or geniuses. It wasn't worth offending the Leng family for a mere outsider. Using Luo Zheng to quell their anger was the easiest way.
To Han Tianxiao, Luo Zheng was just a grasshopper. No matter how strong he was, he was just a slightly stronger grasshopper. It wouldn't be a pity to sacrifice him. This was the way people in power thought.
Even if Aunt Han Jiu didn't know Luo Zheng's identity, she would still protect Luo Zheng. Now that she knew he was Luo Xiao's son, how could she agree to Han Tianxiao's request?
"I don't know what the Holy Emperor is doing. Since you want to hide the matter of the ranking from me, then continue to hide it. However, Luo Tianxing cannot be handed over. If the Leng family wants to question him, then come find me!" Aunt Han Jiu said coldly. "Didn't I make myself clear that day in the Spirit Heart Palace?"
Han Tianxiao didn't back down this time. Using a stiff tone, he said, "Don't force me to go find the Holy Emperor."
"Go find him and ask me. I'll still say the same. Besides …" Aunt Han Jiu continued, "Even if we don't rely on the Leng family, our Han family may still be able to maintain our current ranking!"
"Rely on your Purple Soul Palace?" Han Tianxiao sneered.
Han Tianxiao knew that Aunt Han Jiu had mobilized the Purple Soul Palace's female disciples to strive for the Arena of Gods rankings and points. However, in this period of time, the various large families had also worked very hard. The Purple Soul Palace's disciples' points had increased a bit, but their rankings had fallen instead of rising!
Talent and strength were on the same level. This wasn't something that could be improved with willpower …
"In two months, the results will naturally be clear. Asking me to hand over Luo Tianxing is wishful thinking. I hope you won't come find me for this matter again," Aunt Han Jiu said coldly.
Hearing Aunt Han Jiu's resolute attitude, Han Tianxiao looked suspiciously at Luo Zheng.
Before, Aunt Han Jiu had protected Luo Zheng. Han Tianxiao could understand. There were too few geniuses in the Purple Soul Palace. It was normal that Aunt Han Jiu didn't want to give up on this little fellow. But now, Aunt Han Jiu's behavior was too much.
Could it be that this Luo Tianxing's background was special?
For someone as smart as Han Tianxiao, he could always guess all sorts of possibilities. He knew how Aunt Han Jiu had risen. She hadn't relied on the Han family's Holy Emperor, because at that time, the Extreme Purple Yin Body wasn't valued in the rich families.
She had relied on Luo Xiao's help to become a Secondary Saint.
This brat was also surnamed Luo. Could he be Luo Xiao's descendant?
Aunt Han Jiu's guess had been confirmed by Han Liusu and Han Chuyue, but Han Tianxiao's guess had no basis. He could only let his imagination run wild.

Chapter 1857
Han Tianxiao was once again rebuffed, and could only return resentfully.
Aunt Hanjiu turned to look at Luo Zheng and said calmly, "Don't blame him. Everyone has their own responsibilities."
Admittedly, Han Tianxiao wanted to throw Luo Zheng out of the Han Clan's floating island, but as the head of the Han Clan, there was nothing wrong with doing so for the sake of the clan's greatest benefit.
"I understand. My responsibility is to earn points." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Everyone had their own difficulties. Those in high positions also had to face the trouble of making choices. When one's own strength was insufficient, one could not blame others for ignoring them!
Aunt Hanjiu was afraid that Luo Zheng would be angry at Han Tianxiao. Seeing Luo Zheng's carefree expression, she immediately revealed a gratified expression. She sighed inwardly. Luo Xiao had probably spent a lot of effort to raise such an outstanding little fellow …
What she knew was that Jiu Sheng was skilled at research and solving problems, Northern Sage was skilled at exploration and creation, and Luo Xiao was best at strategy and planning.
Back then, when Luo Xiao had been forced by the Sage Halls to fall into his current predicament, he had probably already prepared Luo Zheng as an escape route. Aunt Hanjiu naturally did not expect that the entire Great Evolution Universe had been set up for Luo Zheng.
Luo Xiao naturally could not truly control everything, but his strategy had achieved the best results. Even luck was on his side.
At least, Luo Zheng had walked step by step, slowly reaching Luo Xiao's expectations. It was just that he had walked more than half of this path, and Luo Zheng had gradually drifted further and further away. The remaining part would be the most difficult …
Inside the Hall of the Gods …
Luo Zheng returned once more. When he opened the door, it was still noisy.
There were only two months until the rankings on the floating island were settled. In order to motivate their disciples, the various great clans had announced all sorts of tempting rewards one after the other.
As a result, the atmosphere in the Hall of the Gods grew more and more intense.
Some of the great clans' disciples, who had originally only completed a minimum of three battles per month, now spent all their time in the Hall of the Gods.
Every time this happened, the Pantheon Jade Annulus would become very popular. In order to enter the Arena of the Gods, there would often be fights over positions …
"Two months … I don't have much time left." Luo Zheng glanced at the lower-level Real Gods in the Hall of Gods indifferently. Then, he returned to his room and randomly chose his opponent.
He had just closed the door of the room when a few gazes swept over.
"Anonymous seems to have returned."
"He didn't choose his opponent, nor did he give others a chance to choose him. He must be planning to choose his opponent at random …"
"Very confident!"
According to the rules of the Hall of the Gods, there was no need for them to gather in the Hall of the Gods. If they were confident in their own strength, they could just pick a random opponent and crush them.
In truth, for the vast majority of lower True Divinities, carefully choosing an opponent that they were confident in defeating was nearly a compulsory course. For this reason, some people could even restrain their aura and make themselves look like 'food' for others. All of this was to increase their chances of winning.
In addition to choosing an opponent, one could also bet on a battle in the Hall of the Gods. The winner or loser would bet a sum of Shenwu Coins, which could also make the battle more exciting.
Luo Zheng was now only concerned about crazily earning points. Coupled with his absolute confidence in his own strength, he was not very interested in the Hall of the Gods.
He was not interested in other people, but naturally, there were people who were interested in him.
When Anonymous won two battles in a row, he had already attracted the attention of two or three great clans.
Anonymous, participating in a cross-level battle, and winning two battles in a row — this was quite unusual to begin with.
Later, Luo Zheng's winning streak reached four battles, which naturally attracted even more attention!
Some of the great clans were secretly investigating Luo Zheng's identity, but from beginning to end, Luo Zheng did not show anything special. Questioning the four people who had fought Luo Zheng also yielded no results. The only thing they found was the two golden spots on Luo Zheng's face. They looked a little like the Vulcan's Eyes, but Luo Zheng did not use the Vulcan's Eyes ability …
Thus, all the great clans sent their own disciples to keep an eye on Anonymous's movements. If there was even the slightest movement, these people would naturally report to their clans.
All these years, the floating island's ranking had been very stable. Which clans could fall and which could rise, the great clans were very clear in their hearts. Usually, there were very few accidents.
For example, Han Jia felt that there was a danger of falling out of the top ten this time, so they joined forces with the Leng clan, hoping that the Leng clan could help Han Jia.
However, a person like Anonymous was an unexpected factor. If that person kept winning, it would directly affect a clan's ranking. Thus, there was a need to monitor him.
Not long after Luo Zheng returned to his room …
The door to his room turned into a streak of azure light and floated upwards. His ranking rose by another thirty places.
"So fast …"
"Including the time he took to return to his room to find his opponent, it took him less than twenty breaths to challenge a lower True God!"
"Five wins in a row. This is troublesome. I wonder which clan it is!"
The doors in the Hall of the Gods kept turning into streaks of light and moving up and down. It was already a common occurrence, but none of them had attracted as much attention as this one.
After Luo Zheng obtained his fifth win in a row, about an incense stick's worth of time later, the door moved upwards once more!
Six wins in a row!
Luo Zheng had won two fights in a row very easily. What made Luo Zheng the happiest was that he had smoothly absorbed two new types of Divine Daos in these two fights, and the additional points awarded had increased by several folds. In these two fights, he had won more than twelve hundred points. The extent of the increase was astonishing.
However, according to Aunt Han Jiu's instructions, Luo Zheng didn't use the God Slaughtering Sword Array.
In the eyes of the rich and powerful Saints, the God Slaughtering Sword Array was like Aunt Han Jiu. As a Secondary Saint, Aunt Han Jiu was even qualified to compete with Saints. What she relied on was her God Slaughtering Sword Array. Many Saints didn't pay enough attention to the Transmigration Mystique, but Aunt Han Jiu was a woman who used the Transmigration Mystique to the extreme.
The only difference between her and a Saint was that Purple Sky Absolute Ground couldn't guarantee Aunt Han Jiu's immortality. A true Saint, as long as the universe wasn't destroyed, they wouldn't die.
She wanted Luo Zheng to become a variable in Han Jia!
At the crucial moment, large amounts of points would flow into the Purple Soul Palace. Only then could Han Jia's floating island rank have a chance of rising. If Luo Zheng revealed the God Slaughtering Sword Array too early, the other rich and powerful families, such as the Qin and Tang families, might target Han Jia first and suppress its points!
So when Luo Zheng faced these opponents, he still used his own strength and soul to crush them …
Two hours later, Luo Zheng had won seven consecutive matches, and his bonus points had increased to 1,000 points in a single match.
Four hours later, Luo Zheng had already won nine consecutive matches, and his points had increased to 2,600 points per match!
Six hours … Ten consecutive victories, and his points increased to 4,700!
His door's rank circled around the Hall of the Gods, rising higher and higher.
The clamor in the Hall of the Gods weakened a lot. Seeing this scene, many people left the Hall of the Gods to report the situation to the upper echelons of their families …
"The new anonymous person has already accumulated ten consecutive victories!"
"If he wins one more, he'll get 8,300 points!"
"To be able to achieve such a winning streak even when fighting someone of a higher level than him, he could almost easily become a Complete Real God. Which guy released such a monster?"
"This is a crisis. If that guy is from the Zhou family, our Bai family might really be pushed down by the Zhou family!"
"This is also an opportunity. If we defeat the anonymous person, we can get a large amount of points from him! Which guy did this guy come from? "
"There's no way to find out. He's an anonymous person, and he hasn't lost a single battle since becoming a True God. His ranking hasn't even appeared. It's impossible to guess!"
"Snipe the anonymous person!"
Every time someone who participated in a battle with a higher rank appeared, the true gods in the Arena of the Gods would become unprecedentedly excited.
Although many rich and powerful families hated this kind of person, who directly used a large amount of points to break the balance between the families, more importantly, it was an anonymous person. This caused the rich and powerful families to be filled with suspicion and jealousy!
But at the same time, it was also a huge opportunity. Everyone was willing to get a large amount of points from the other party. Some lower true gods who were confident in their own strength were already rubbing their hands and waiting for Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1858
Luo Zheng's ranking in the Hall of the Gods rose rapidly, attracting unprecedented attention.
However, he himself was not sure.
After his tenth consecutive victory, Luo Zheng finally decided to take a breather in the Hall of the Gods.
The moment he opened the door to the room, a dense crowd of Lower True Gods surrounded the door so tightly that not even a drop of water could trickle through.
These lesser true gods had not expected Luo Zheng to appear at this time. They were exchanging information with each other, trying to guess who this anonymous person was. When the door opened, everyone fell silent at the same time. This scene was very strange.
Luo Zheng scanned the crowd, then asked indifferently, "Why are you looking for me …?"
These lesser true gods sized up Luo Zheng, trying to find any clues on him. However, Luo Zheng did not have any specific characteristics. In order to maintain his anonymity, he had even turned his long robe light blue.
"I want to challenge you!" someone shouted loudly.
After the first person issued the challenge, the others immediately followed suit, practically swarming over.
"Can I challenge you? My ranking is seventy places away from yours …"
"Pick me!"
There were very few people in the Arena of the Gods who were so popular.
In their eyes, this anonymous person who was participating in the leapfrog battle could have his winning streak ended at any time. Once they defeated this anonymous person, they would also be rewarded handsomely!
Losing to an anonymous person would only result in a small loss of points. Everyone was willing to give it a try!
"If you defeat me, I can give you an extra twenty Shenwu coins!" someone suddenly had an idea and said.
To the lesser true gods of the floating island, twenty Shenwu coins was not a large sum.
Thus, someone quickly followed suit!
"Eighty Shenwu coins. As long as you accept my challenge and can defeat me …"
"Two hundred Shenwu coins …"
"Three hundred …"
Like an auction, the group of true gods in front of Luo Zheng began to raise the price.
"They can do this..." Luo Zheng was dumbfounded as he looked at this group of crazy guys. This scene was also unexpected for Luo Zheng, but he was quite happy to see it.
However, according to the rules of the Hall of Gods, those who were qualified to challenge Luo Zheng were only lower-level true gods who were one hundred ranks higher than him and one hundred ranks higher than him. There were only two hundred people in total. Moreover, the lower-level true gods who had obtained their current rankings were not considered to be the top existences on the floating island. Naturally, they were not particularly wealthy.
After a few rounds of bidding, the final bidder was a fat man who offered 550 Shenwu coins.
Previously, these people were so enthusiastic because losing to Luo Zheng wasn't a big deal. However, losing five hundred Shenwu Coins was not something an ordinary person could bear.
"Five hundred and fifty Shenwu coins, how about that?" Fatty stared at Luo Zheng and said loudly.
"Deal." Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He could earn points and Shenwu coins at the same time, so why not?
"I'm number seven hundred and sixty thousand eight!"
After the fatty left his room, he was overjoyed. He ran to his room with a jolt of his buttocks.
Five hundred Shenwu coins was indeed a heartache for Fatty, but in his eyes, it was worth it.
In his opinion, even if he really lost to Luo Zheng, he could still force Luo Zheng to use his trump card and determine Luo Zheng's background …
As soon as Luo Zheng returned to his room, he saw rays of light pop up on the wall of his room. There were actually dozens of challenge requests.
Faced with these challenges, Luo Zheng did not care at all. Then, he accepted Fatty's challenge.
"Whoosh …"
As the surrounding scenery changed, a brand new environment appeared around Luo Zheng.
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of surprise.
Previously, the environment in the Arena of Gods was the same. It was a boundless plain with a clear starry sky. Luo Zheng had been fighting in the same environment since he became a Godly martial artist. There were no changes at all.
However, it was different this time. He was in a world of ice and snow. Beneath his feet was a layer of slippery ice. Under the layer of ice, there were huge fishes swimming back and forth. In the sky, there were also fist-sized snowflakes that smashed down, making "puff puff puff" sounds.
"Why is the environment in this Arena of Gods different?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Fatty heard Luo Zheng's surprised voice and laughed. "You don't know?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I really don't know."
"You can change the environment at will in the Arena of Gods. However, you need to pay a certain amount of points," Fatty said proudly.
"Change the environment …"
Luo Zheng scanned the white snowy plain around him. Then, he said indifferently, "This is not an illusion, but a real world. This world should be beneficial for True Gods who cultivate the Law of Ice or the Snow Imprint Divine Path."
"Correct." Fatty chuckled. He shook his fat belly, and ice marks slowly condensed from his belly. Soon, the outline of an armor appeared. It was actually an ice armor.
"Snow Imprint Divine Path." Luo Zheng was not very interested in Fatty's ability. His Immeasurable Ruler had already absorbed the Snow Imprint Divine Path. "However, this is a little unfair. Since the Arena of Gods is a place where True Gods compete, it should be as fair as an arena. If even the environment can be changed at will, everyone would be willing to choose an environment that is beneficial to them, right?"
When the fatty heard Luo Zheng's words, he chuckled again. He stretched out his round leg and lightly stomped on the ground. A frost vortex appeared on the ground, and a six-foot long staff appeared from the vortex. The surface of the staff was covered with snowflake patterns, as if it was formed by snowflakes. He grabbed the staff and continued, "You think the Arena of the Gods is just an arena? You've underestimated it. The history of the Arena of the Gods is complicated, and the things it contains are far beyond what you can imagine. You can pursue anything here, but there's no such thing as fairness! Haha! "
"What do you mean …?" Luo Zheng did not understand Fatty's words.
Fatty ignored Luo Zheng and waved the staff in his hand. Then, he jumped up and pounced toward Luo Zheng!
At the same time, a white fog appeared under Luo Zheng's feet. The white fog turned into snowflakes and quickly spread out. The temperature around Luo Zheng began to drop rapidly. His entire body became extremely slow.
In comparison, this fatty was actually extremely agile. He appeared in front of Luo Zheng in almost an instant, and a long staff smashed down on his head.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. He did not even try to block the attack. Instead, he reached out and grabbed the staff.
At this stage, Luo Zheng's opponents were still able to surprise him and crush him with great strength. Luo Zheng did not need to think too much.
Unexpectedly, Fatty revealed a strange smile at this moment. At the same time, the moment Luo Zheng grabbed the staff, he felt a slight chill in his hand. That staff was actually a handful of snowflakes … Then, Luo Zheng turned his hand and chopped at Fatty's face. Unexpectedly, this "Fatty" also turned into a pile of snowflakes and scattered in front of Luo Zheng.
"I knew you had extraordinary strength. However, you are too naive if you think you can defeat me with just strength …"
News about the strength and characteristics of the anonymous person had already spread among the Lower True Gods. Many True Gods had studied Luo Zheng's characteristics. Fatty had obviously come prepared.
Fatty's voice rang out behind Luo Zheng. At the same time, there was a whistling sound. Fatty's concealment technique was unexpectedly unpredictable. In an instant, he had stuck close to Luo Zheng's back and launched an attack at the same time.
Luo Zheng did not say anything. He suddenly twisted his body and turned around to kick Fatty.
"Swish …"
After the kick, Fatty turned into a pile of snowflakes again. After being kicked by Luo Zheng, the scattered snowflakes suddenly fluttered like thousands of tiny silver insects dancing in the air. It was extremely beautiful …
"Wrong again!"
Fatty laughed mischievously. He finally made his move. He appeared behind Luo Zheng again. Little ice marks appeared on the white staff in his hand. Suddenly, he smashed Luo Zheng's back.
However, this staff only lightly touched Luo Zheng's back, leaving a faint ice mark. It did not cause any substantial damage to Luo Zheng.
After he smashed the staff, he quickly rolled away like a ball, creating a distance between him and Luo Zheng. One of his hands was emitting surging cold air. He constantly stroked the top of the staff, as if he was constantly pouring something into it.
His face was still wearing that complacent smile, as if victory was already in his hands.

Chapter 1859
The fat man's hand kept swinging on one end of the long staff. Not long after, the tip of the long staff started to flicker with an icy blue light. Impressively, another Frost Mark appeared on it, exactly the same as the one on Luo Zheng's back.
"I'm coming again. Are you ready?" The fat man laughed, the fat on his face shaking.
Although Luo Zheng's ranking in the Hall of Gods was rapidly rising, according to Luo Zheng's estimation, he shouldn't encounter too much trouble at this stage. After encountering this fat man, Luo Zheng also stopped underestimating his opponent.
As soon as the fat man's voice fell, he rushed toward Luo Zheng like a raging bull, waving the long staff in his hand wildly …
But when he was one foot away from Luo Zheng, he strangely stopped and then turned into a ball of snowflakes, continuously dispersing.
"Still behind?"
Luo Zheng almost didn't hesitate at all, turning around and punching!
What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that he guessed wrong. That ball of dispersing snowflakes once again condensed into that fat man, and the fat man once again pointed the long staff in his hand at Luo Zheng's back!
"Boom!"
Two Frost Marks were left on Luo Zheng's back. These Frost Marks overlapped on his back like tattoos, and Luo Zheng had no way to get rid of them.
The two Frost Marks overlapped, and the color became a layer darker.
"I heard that your skin is rough and your flesh is thick, and you also have a very special protective magic treasure on you. With my strength, I'm afraid it will be difficult to kill you …" After leaving the second Frost Mark, the fat man once again turned into a pile of snow and dispersed. Soon after, a little bit of snow floated out about ten feet away from Luo Zheng, and the fat man once again appeared. At the same time, he continued to say, "But there are many ways to kill people. You don't necessarily need to see blood with every strike, and I hate blood the most …"
After saying this, he waved the long staff in his hand again, and heavily stomped it on the ice surface.
"Crash …"
At the same time, six piles of snow instantly appeared around Luo Zheng.
"All of you, break for me!"
As soon as the six piles of snow appeared, Luo Zheng's hands suddenly waved in all directions like roulette wheels, and an invisible force spread out along his body!
The accumulated snow was blown away by Luo Zheng!
However, as the snow danced in the air, it condensed again and turned into a fat man that pounced on Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache.
This fatty's movement technique was too strange.
It was impossible for a lower True God to teleport, but Luo Zheng could not distinguish the real one from the fake one. What was worse was that Fatty's clones were all made of real snowflakes, not phantoms or illusions.
Seeing the six fatties pouncing towards him, Luo Zheng also threw out six punches in an instant!
"Pa pa pa pa pa pa!"
All six punches landed …
But as soon as he destroyed the six "snowmen", Luo Zheng felt a weak force on his back.
Boom!
The long staff touched Luo Zheng's back again, leaving another Frost Mark.
"Three Frost Marks, it should not be enough. Although you are only a Proof of Divinity martial artist, your comprehensive ability is much stronger than an ordinary lower True God," Fatty said lightly with a strategist's expression. "To defeat you, I need four Frost Marks …"
Luo Zheng felt a sense of crisis in his heart. He did not want his hard-earned 10-win streak to end just like that.
If the Frost Marks accumulated and exploded, Luo Zheng did not know whether he could resist. Of course, he was not willing to take such a risk. Just as Fatty was speaking, he had already silently rushed over.
Facing Luo Zheng, Fatty did not make any dodging movements. Instead, he opened his arms and wanted to hug Luo Zheng.
The moment Luo Zheng punched Fatty, Luo Zheng's face suddenly revealed a strange smile, "Not you, it's this side!" Luo Zheng had already guessed that the fat man in front of him was a fake and was just a pile of snow. He rolled his body and hit the other side, but there was only emptiness. There was nothing there.
Poof!
After Luo Zheng's punch hit the empty space, snowflakes burst out again. Fatty's voice sounded again, "Good eyesight, but unfortunately, you guessed wrong!"
The fat man below waved the long stick in his hand again and lightly tapped Luo Zheng's back again …
The fourth Frost Mark was left on Luo Zheng's back!
Huff huff huff …
Snowflakes continued to fall.
Fatty's voice sounded again in the distance. At the same time, he stared at Luo Zheng with a sarcastic look, "Sure enough, seeing you in person is not as good as hearing about you. During this period of time, people have been crazily spreading rumors about how powerful the anonymous person is. Some people even predicted that you would achieve 20 wins in a row. I did not expect you to be so weak! This battle … I've won! "
After saying that, he stretched out his chubby hand and held Luo Zheng in it. His eyes flashed with excitement, "Actually, I haven't seen a fourth layer Snow Print Ice Spear for a long time. Because usually, the opponent is defeated before it is used!"
At the same time, the Frost Mark on Luo Zheng's back flickered with a faint luster.
Not far behind Luo Zheng, a huge snowflake pattern appeared. It seemed to be nurturing some kind of powerful attack …
Whoosh!
A light blue Ice Spear shot out from it and hit Luo Zheng's body at an extremely fast speed.
It was so fast that Luo Zheng had no way to dodge!
Boom!
However, the power of this Snow Print Ice Spear was not particularly terrifying. Even if Luo Zheng could not dodge, he could still withstand it with his tyrannical body!
"The rumors are true. Your body is much stronger than those ferocious creatures. Even an ordinary Lower True God would be injured when facing the first layer of the Snow Seal Ice Spear." The fatty stuck out his tongue. Seeing Luo Zheng's casual manner, he was speechless. "The second ice spear …"
Whoosh!
From the huge snowflake pattern, the second Ice Spear shot out.
This Ice Spear looked even purer. The body of the Ice Spear had changed from light blue to azure blue. It was as beautiful as the color of the sky, but it contained a strong killing intent.
At this time, Luo Zheng understood that each Snow Print Ice Spear was stronger than the previous one!
After realizing this, Luo Zheng instantly condensed an invisible long sword and shot it at the second Ice Spear.
Strangely, the Snow Print Ice Spear seemed to not exist. It passed by Luo Zheng's invisible long sword, and Luo Zheng was unable to block it …
Boom!
The second Ice Spear also hit Luo Zheng's body accurately.
Although he had the Concentric Garment to protect his body, the impact of the second Ice Spear spread across his body and caused his blood to boil. However, he still managed to withstand it!
"So powerful. I wonder what kind of treasure your garment is. It should have blocked most of the power, right?" Fatty laughed mischievously.
Whoosh …
Just as the fatty was speaking, the third Snow Imprinted Ice Spear shot out from the snowflake patterns. This Snow Imprinted Ice Spear was bluish-black in color, and the tip of the ice spear had streams of light swirling around it!
"Boom …"
Although Luo Zheng tried his best to dodge, it seemed impossible to dodge these Ice Spears. The third Ice Spear still hit Luo Zheng's body without any suspense.
Blue ice shards scattered in all directions. Under the bombardment of the huge force, Luo Zheng's entire body kept sliding on the ice. At the same time, he spat out a stream of blood. The huge force spread through Luo Zheng's body, causing damage to his internal organs!
"What a tenacious life," Fatty clicked his tongue twice and couldn't help but shake his head. "The fourth Ice Spear is enough to kill you …"
In fact, Fatty had only cultivated the "Snow Print Divine Spear" of the Snow Print Divine Dao to the fourth level.
After he defended against the enemy, he only needed to use the "Mirage Snow Steps" to leave three frost marks on the opponent, and the battle would almost be over. Every spear of the Snow Print Divine Spear was twice as powerful as the previous spear. Generally, few opponents could withstand three spears.
However, there were always some monsters in this world. Fatty had once fought with Han Cangyan, and Han Cangyan also took the first two spears. However, he dodged the third spear at an incredible speed, which was also the most fatal spear. Therefore, Fatty had lost the battle with Han Cangyan quite miserably!
This time, Fatty had prepared "four spears" for Luo Zheng. He really valued Luo Zheng very much!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
A Snow Print Spear emerged from the snowflake pattern. Although this Snow Print Spear was also condensed from ice and snow, its entire body had turned pure black.

Chapter 1860
After seeing the black Snow Imprinted Divine Spear, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
According to the increasing power of the previous three Snow Imprinted Divine Spears, the fourth Snow Imprinted Divine Spear could seriously injure him, or even kill him!
But this Snow Imprinted Divine Spear could not be stopped, he could only rely on his physical body to resist …
"Xiu!"
As the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear shot out, a faint trace of regret flashed across the fatty's face. "This battle was won too easily. Die, anonymous …"
In the fatty's opinion, Luo Zheng was dead for sure after this black spear shot out.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also mobilized all his attention. He quickly retreated backwards and used both hands to block in front of his chest. His whole body slid forward as if he was flying on a layer of ice!
But the black Snow Imprinted Divine Spear's speed was even faster. In almost an instant, it arrived in front of Luo Zheng.
"Eight Turns Flying Smoke!"
Luo Zheng's body flickered with a faint white mist.
Although the Eight Turns Flying Smoke was ingenious, it had a great limitation. When the opponent's speed was too fast, it could easily break through this kind of movement technique. After all, when Second Senior Brother chose this technique, he only considered the opponents Luo Zheng would face in the universe. He did not consider the present …
Now, Luo Zheng's purpose of using the Eight Turns Flying Smoke was naturally not to dodge the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear, but because the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear contained such a great power. The moment it got close to Luo Zheng, it would still produce a huge force to push him away, thus reducing the power of the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear!
"Huu …"
From the moment the black Snow Imprinted Divine Spear appeared to the moment it got close, Luo Zheng did not have much time to react. In the eyes of ordinary people, it was merely a thousandth of a blink of an eye. In this little bit of time, Luo Zheng had already arranged everything!
"Rumble!"
The moment the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear hit Luo Zheng's arms, the power in his arms instantly erupted.
Although his bones were as strong as an ordinary grandmist treasure artifact, his arms not only had to bear the power of the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear, but they also had to bear the power of Luo Zheng's own body. Under the fusion of the two enormous forces, Luo Zheng's arms were immediately covered with cracks, and they quickly burst open!
Boom!
Although Luo Zheng had paid the price of his arms, the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear's momentum was only slightly reduced. Once again, it bombarded Luo Zheng's chest, where there was the Heart Jacket as a barrier.
The soft Heart Vest was indestructible, and was able to offset the power of the Snow Mark Divine Spear to the greatest extent. However, the powerful penetrating power still penetrated through the Heart Vest, and seeped into Luo Zheng's internal organs...
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
The ribs in his chest were also broken into pieces, and his chest was directly torn open. If Luo Zheng lowered his head, he could even see his heart beating non-stop.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk … As expected of the anonymous player with ten consecutive wins, he's still alive!" The fatty shook his head, and his face revealed a rueful expression, "In order to win against you, I lowered my ranking by several hundred thousand. As expected, this trip was not in vain. You actually survived my fourth spear strike. Tell me your name. Our Profound Moon Clan likes little monsters like you. No matter which clan you belong to, we're willing to pay any price to poach you over.
What do you think? "Luo Zheng lay on the ground, panting. Every time he breathed, it squeezed his lungs, and blood spurted out from his chest. He panted as he asked," You lowered your ranking? "
The fatty shrugged his shoulders, "That's right, I've been hovering around the top ten, hehe …"
"Profound Moon Clan … what's your ranking on the floating island?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
From the beginning to the end, he had never heard of this clan.
The fatty's eyes widened, and he stared at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a monster, "You've really never heard of our Profound Moon Clan! Our clan is ranked third on the floating island! "
It was no wonder that the fatty was speechless.
Luo Zheng had only stepped onto the floating island for a short period of time. After stepping into the Purple Soul Palace, Luo Zheng did not have the time to properly understand the outside world before he began to fight in the Arena of Gods. As such, Luo Zheng did not have a systematic understanding of the top ten clans.
Every time before the floating island's ranking, all the wealthy clans would encourage their disciples to do their best to earn points. However, there were only three clans that were not interested. These three clans were the Profound Moon Clan, the Sword Clan, and the Dongfang Clan.
Starting from the fourth place, the Leng Clan, all the way to the last place on the floating island. Although they were all wealthy clans with Sages, they were still considered secular wealthy clans. This meant that the structure of the wealthy clans was no different from ordinary clans.
However, from the third place onwards, there was a huge change.
Profound Moon was not a surname, but a title. However, as time passed, they were collectively known as the "Profound Moon Clan." In fact, the Profound Moon Clan consisted of four wealthy clans. However, as time passed, these wealthy clans merged into one, and the previous surname was no longer important. In the end, the name "Profound Moon" was created.
The disciples of the Profound Moon Clan did not place much importance on the Arena of Gods' points. The number of Perfect True Gods in the top three clans far exceeded that of ordinary wealthy clans. Usually, they only needed to make a few moves at crucial moments to leave the fourth place, the Leng Clan, in the dust!
As time passed, the wealthy clans in the ordinary sense could not be bothered to compete with the top three clans on the floating island. After all, they could not win.
This Profound Moon Mu noticed that an anonymous participant had appeared in the Hall of Gods and was very curious. However, his ranking was much higher than Luo Zheng's. In order to challenge Luo Zheng, he could only lower his own ranking.
It was very difficult to raise one's ranking in the Hall of Gods, but it was very easy to lower one's ranking. If one met an opponent, one just had to admit defeat.
As a result, his ranking fell from 17th place to a few hundred thousand, and he finally caught up to Luo Zheng. There was also a small interlude. Because Luo Zheng's ranking rose too quickly, he was 10,000 or so lower than Luo Zheng. Helpless, he had to crush two more opponents to rise up …
It was not easy for him to close in on Luo Zheng's ranking to within the top 100. However, he did not expect Luo Zheng to not come out at all and not accept the challenge. Profound Moon Mu was very depressed. This time, he finally saw Luo Zheng open the door. How could he let go of this opportunity? He immediately raised his price and challenged Luo Zheng!
"No wonder." Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Indeed, I did not expect someone to lower their ranking to challenge me …"
Profound Moon Mu's strength was considered to be at the peak of the Lower True Gods. In addition, he had done a thorough investigation of Luo Zheng's fighting style and strength. In addition, Luo Zheng had underestimated him at the beginning. In the end, Luo Zheng was injured to such an extent!
"Accept your fate and join our Profound Moon Clan. No matter which clan you come from, we will give you the best treatment!" Profound Moon Mu smiled very proudly. He was not interested in points. What he liked was the process.
"Why should I accept my fate? Do you think I will lose? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Profound Moon Mu puffed up his cheeks and said, "Do you think you still have a chance now?"
"A chance … Isn't it always there?" Luo Zheng said calmly.
"What do you mean?" Profound Moon Mu asked.
"Look behind you." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Profound Moon Mu turned his head and suddenly saw a circle …
Just now, as Luo Zheng kept retreating, he drew an oval mark in the ice. Profound Moon Mu still did not understand what Luo Zheng meant.
But as soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, a wisp of icy blue flame suddenly appeared and rapidly spread around the circle!
"Huala …"
At this moment, the Ice Soul Devil Flame burned and enveloped Luo Zheng and Profound Moon Mu.
"Your methods are indeed very strange. Even now … I can't find where your main body is, but it should be within this circle." Luo Zheng continued, "Then we just need to freeze everything in this circle!"
"This is …" When Profound Moon Mu saw the icy blue flame, shock appeared in his eyes. "This is the Ice Soul Devil Flame! And it is very complete! How can you completely comprehend Jiu Sheng's Ice Soul Devil Flame! "
"Hu hu hu …"
The speed at which the Ice Soul Devil Flame spread was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it covered the entire circle.
Luo Zheng didn't answer Xuan Yuemu's question. The Ice Soul Devil Flame was able to display a stronger effect in an extremely cold place. At the very least, the speed at which the Ice Soul Devil Flame was spreading had exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations.

Chapter 1861
Once the Ice Soul Devil Flame entered one's body, it was extremely difficult to expel.
If a normal Lower True God had been frozen like this, Luo Zheng probably would have won long ago.
Perhaps it was because he cultivated the Snow Imprint Divine Way, or perhaps this fatty had some special protective magic treasure, but Mystic Moon Harmony, who had curled up into a ball, lay motionless on the ground. However, the outcome of the Arena of Gods had yet to be decided.
However, after being frozen like this, Dark Moon Harmony had lost the ability to resist. Luo Zheng walked over and leapt high into the air. A powerful force gathered at the tip of his foot and stomped towards Dark Moon Harmony.
"Crack!"
The frozen Dark Moon Harmony, along with his own body, was crushed by Luo Zheng's foot, turning into a pile of broken pieces …
Then, the world of ice and snow began to dissipate, and Luo Zheng returned to his room. Naturally, all the injuries on his body had also disappeared.
"Eleventh consecutive victory …"
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. He didn't think it would be so difficult.
In fact, Luo Zheng had expected this difficulty. Auntie Han Jiu had expected it, too. After all, Xuan Yuemu was a top 20 elite. She was the pinnacle of a lower true god. She was much stronger than the lower true gods Luo Zheng had encountered. That was why Luo Zheng practiced the Killer God Sword Array.
However, Luo Zheng didn't think that someone would lower their own ranking to challenge him …
If Luo Zheng really did fight in the Hall of Gods, he would naturally use the God Slaughtering Sword Formation to deal with these Lower True Gods.
However, if he used the God Slaughtering Sword Formation now, his opponents would most likely guess that he came from Han Jia and the Purple Soul Palace. If he exposed himself too early, it would be disadvantageous for Han Jia. At that time, in the Hall of Gods, many families would go all out against Han Jia's True Gods.
"Next time, I'll have to be more careful. I won't accept anyone else's challenge," Luo Zheng said gloomily. Those people who lowered their own rankings to challenge him were simply too boring. They directly messed up his plans …
In terms of gloominess, Dark Moon Harmony was probably even more gloomy!
After retreating from the Arena of Gods, the fat on his round face was constantly trembling. "Ice Soul Devil Flame … How could it be Ice Soul Devil Flame!"
Losing a few hundred Shenwu Coins was nothing much, but losing to a Proof of Divinity martial artist who was participating in the Rank Skipping Battle was something that Xuanyue Miu could not accept!
Many disciples of rich and powerful families had gone to the Forbidden Grounds of God Refinement, and Xuanyue Mu was no exception. He had also gone to the "inner" world that Saint Jiu had set up, and as a cultivator of the Snow Seal Divine Way, he yearned for the Ice Soul Devil Flame even more. If the Snow Seal Divine Spear could be attached to this mystical ice flame, its power would be raised to a whole new level.
In the end, he still failed. Comprehending the Ice Soul Devil Flame in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was an impossible mission. Could that brat be Saint Jiu's disciple?
After leaving her room, Xuan Yuemu left the Pantheon Jade Wall.
"Hehe, Harmony! I heard that you also lost to that anonymous person? "A long-haired young master in white mocked.
The anonymous person accepted Xuan Yuemu's challenge. Many people were watching. When the winner between Luo Zheng and Xuan Yuemu was decided, the ranking in the room would change. Those who were watching them would naturally know the result immediately.
"That's right, I lost. So what?" Xuan Yuemu coldly stared at the long-haired young master and said.
The long-haired young master was an untactful person. He didn't care about Xuan Yuemu's attitude at all. "So what? Did you discover anything new? Tell big brother, you lost to that brat. From the looks of it, the anonymous person would be able to obtain at least 20 consecutive victories! "
Xuan Yuemu thought for a moment before speaking seriously. "He wasn't able to break my Snow Concealment Divine Ability. I also successfully planted four frost imprints on him."
"Four!" The long-haired young master's green eyes opened wide. They were filled with disbelief. "Then you still lost? Isn't he dead for sure? "
Those who were familiar with Xuan Yuemu knew how tyrannical his Snow Imprint Divine Spear was …
After being stacked three frost imprints, it was almost certain that one would lose.
Four times …
Most likely, many middle True Gods would die.
The anonymous person was actually able to survive and even kill Xuan Yuemu?
"No way, Harmony. Don't lie to us. Don't tell me that fella took the initiative to defeat you from the start. You're just making things up because you think it's shameful?" A voice from the side interrupted. It was a bald monk. This monk had a fat head and big ears. He was as fat as Xuan Yuemu.
The area that Harmony was in was filled with the elites of the Xuan Yuemu Clan. There wasn't a single weak person.
These people had all seen Harmony's strength. His Snow Imprint Divine Spear's might had increased exponentially. His fourth spear was also ridiculously strong. It was indeed hard to believe that the anonymous person could block his fourth spear.
Xuan Yuemu stared fiercely at the monk. "Believe it or not! I thought that I would definitely win but that fella still had a single breath left! "
"Even if he only had a single breath left, he could still defeat you?" The monk asked.
"Keke, do you know what method he used?" Xuan Yuemu shrugged his shoulders and said. "Ice Soul Devil Flame! That fella reached the Great Circle! "
Hearing Xuan Yuemu's words, the long-haired young master and the monk went silent.
A hoarse voice floated from the side. It was a masked woman. "That fella entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. He must have been born on a floating island."
The disciples of the floating island could enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement easily. Ordinary citizens of the God Domain didn't have the qualifications to enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Those who could enter were extremely lucky.
"No, he could also be a secondary life form." The monk retorted. "A fella that grew up in the universe."
"Do you think he could be a secondary life form?" The masked woman retorted.
The monk shook his head. "I'm only saying that it's possible …"
Xuan Yuemu was also constantly guessing Luo Zheng's origins. He thought for a while before saying, "Do you guys think he could be a disciple of the Gu Clan?"
There weren't many people on the Gu Clan's floating island but almost all of them were monstrous experts.
Jiu Sheng didn't have his own floating island but had a good relationship with Northern Sage. If Jiu Sheng really took in his disciple, it was very likely that he would send him to the Gu Clan's floating island …
"It's possible!"
"There's at least a 70% chance that the anonymous person is from the Gu Clan!"
"I think we need to meet him again before we can make a judgment …"
Most people agreed with Xuan Yuemu's guess.
However, the Xuan Yuemu Clan didn't care about the ranking of their floating island. No matter how good the Gu Clan's performance was, it was impossible for them to shake the Xuan Yuemu Clan's position as the top three. They were purely interested in the anonymous person.
However, the Tang Clan and the Mu Clan would be very interested in this news because these two great clans were one place higher and one place lower than the Gu Clan!
Because Luo Zheng accepted Xuan Yuemu's ranking, many people saw hope. Thus, the lower True Gods waited in front of Luo Zheng's room with even greater enthusiasm. In order to challenge Luo Zheng, the competition for the top 100 rankings became even more intense.
Some experts even gave up and admitted defeat in order to lower their rankings in order to obtain the qualifications to challenge Luo Zheng.
To everyone's disappointment, Luo Zheng didn't accept any more challenges. He only chose his own opponent.
This way, Luo Zheng's opponents once again returned to their normal level of strength. Naturally, it was much easier for him to win. Thus, his winning streak began again …
On that day, Luo Zheng obtained four consecutive victories. In total, he obtained fourteen consecutive victories. Luo Zheng's total points also reached a terrifying number. He had 112,000 points. Every time he won a match, he would obtain an additional 17,000 points.
As for the lower True Gods who were about the same ranking as Luo Zheng, they usually only had around a thousand points. To others, Luo Zheng's points were simply an astronomical number.
However, 110,000 points wasn't Luo Zheng's limit. According to Aunt Han Jiu's calculations, if he wanted to protect the Purple Soul Palace and change the ranking of the Han Clan's floating island, he would need at least 1.2 million points. His path in the Arena of Gods wasn't short.
In the following days, Luo Zheng only fought two matches.
Four days later …
Luo Zheng had already accumulated twenty-two consecutive victories.
Because Luo Zheng maintained a perfect winning streak, his ranking also rapidly rose. From around 500,000, he quickly rose to the top 10,000, top 1,000, top 100, and finally stopped at 96th!
Moreover, in the last twenty-second match, he directly jumped from 920th to 96th. In other words, no matter how he randomly chose his opponent, his opponent would always be in the top 200.
These people were all at the peak of the lower True Gods. They were also the geniuses of the various large families.
The geniuses naturally rubbed their palms in anticipation of Luo Zheng's challenge. No matter who defeated the anonymous opponent, they would obtain a considerable amount of points!

Chapter 1862
The difference between the top 200 in the Arena of Gods wasn't that great.
After all, there were more than 30 floating islands belonging to wealthy families. If each wealthy family produced four or five top geniuses, there would be about 200 people.
The opponents Luo Zheng had encountered at this stage were almost all on par with that fatty Xuan Yuemu.
If it wasn't for the Ice Soul Devil Flame, Luo Zheng might have already lost that match against Xuan Yuemu.
Luo Zheng needed to use the God-Slaying Sword Formation to fight against the top 200 lesser true gods.
At present, there was still one and a half months before the floating island would be re-ranked. Luo Zheng, who had already achieved 22 consecutive victories and had 370,000 points, wasn't in such a rush. He just needed to wait for the final period of time and win a few more crucial matches.
That way, even if others found out that Luo Zheng came from Han Jia, it would be too late to target Luo Zheng. This was Aunt Han Jiu's strategy.
But Luo Zheng's sudden departure from the Hall of Gods made those geniuses very anxious.
This included Han Liusu!
This time, she had a huge conflict with Leng Linyue. Han Liusu was also under a lot of pressure.
Of course, she had deliberately fallen out with Leng Linyue, but as a member of Han Jia, she also had to consider the big picture. Many times, the disciples of wealthy families were even more helpless than ordinary people.
Now, Han Liusu was ranked third among the lesser true gods. It was extremely difficult for her to continue winning. Even if she won three or four consecutive victories, she wouldn't get more than a thousand points. It wouldn't change the big picture.
During this time, Han Cangyan had also been persevering in the Arena of Gods. Moreover, her brother had participated in the leapfrog battle. As an intermediate true god, he was challenging an upper true god.
After her brother won three consecutive victories, he suffered three consecutive defeats. Those upper true gods could fly as they wished. Moreover, they were able to cultivate to the level of an upper true god. Their innate talent wouldn't be too bad. Han Cangyan was having a hard time in the leapfrog battle.
Even if her brother didn't say anything, Han Liusu knew that he was doing this for her sake.
Her brother also didn't want to see the Leng family's face. He wanted to use his own strength to help her, but this was beyond Han Cangyan's ability. It was too much!
However, Han Liusu still had a chance.
Recently, an anonymous player had suddenly appeared in the Hall of Pantheon. He had won 22 consecutive victories and accumulated more than 300,000 points in a short period of time. That was an outrageous number.
If this guy won another seven or eight rounds, his points would probably reach a million …
When he defeated the Anonymous One, he would be able to take away 90% of his points. By then, Han Liusu alone would be equivalent to the points of a Great Perfection Paragon. Based on the number of people on the floating island, Han Jia's floating island would definitely be able to maintain its ranking. It might even be able to raise Han Jia's ranking by one or two places!
Everyone was looking forward to Anonymous' winning streak, and Han Liusu was no exception. She was even more eager than the others.
But after five days, Anonymous's ranking was fixed at 96th place. He didn't participate in any more fights, which made Han Liusu very discouraged.
Almost every day, she would enter the Pantheon Jade Wall and leave her room, pacing back and forth in front of Anonymous's room.
It wasn't just Han Liusu. The first ranked Mu Ning, the second ranked Tang Fangyuan, all the way up to the one hundred ninety-sixth ranked Zhao Chen, all of the lower True Gods who had the qualifications or the opportunity to challenge the anonymous person hoped to create a miracle. They were all willing to contribute greatly to their families!
"Is this Anonymous One scared? He hasn't appeared in the Hall of Pantheon for five days … "
"He went from 900th place to 96th place. No matter which family he comes from, 22 consecutive victories and 300,000 points are enough for him to get everything he wants!"
"He probably knows how much he's worth, so he stopped while he's ahead? I don't think there's any hope. Everyone, you don't have to come here every day. Let's disperse … "
Although the person who spoke advised everyone to disperse, that person didn't leave. Clearly, he still had a sliver of hope that Anonymous would suddenly open the door to his room.
"Is there any news about Anonymous?" Han Liusu slowly walked down the circular staircase. She saw that Han Xiuran was among them and asked.
Han Xiu Ran was ranked one hundred and thirtieth in the Han Family. In the Han Family, his talent was outstanding. However, his status and strength could not compare to Han Liusu's. Hearing Han Liusu's question, he respectfully nodded towards Han Liusu. "Replying to Eldest Princess, there is no new news. However, Xuan Yuemu seems to know something, but he is not willing to reveal it!"
So far, the strongest person Anonymous had met in the Arena of Pantheon was Xuan Yuemu, who had dropped his own ranking.
Those weaker lower true gods might not be able to force out Anonymous's true strength, but Xuan Yuemu should be able to do it!
"Those bastards from the Xuan Yuemu family are very dishonest. In any case, the floating island ranking doesn't matter to them. Xuan Yuemu is very tight-lipped!" Another genius said angrily.
Han Liusu sighed softly. Actually, there were times when Han Liusu suspected that Anonymous might be Luo Zheng …
That day, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't bad. At the very least, he had killed the 40th place Xie Jiao. Although there was a bit of luck involved, thinking back to Luo Zheng's shocking performance in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, this possibility still existed.
She had sent people to the Purple Soul Palace several times to inquire about Luo Zheng's recent situation. They all said that Luo Zheng was cultivating under Aunt Han Jiu's guidance …
She wanted to go to the Purple Soul Palace to verify this, but Luo Zheng had been staying in Aunt Han Jiu's palace. Thinking of Aunt Han Jiu's teasing tone, Han Liusu felt uncomfortable and didn't dare go to the Purple Soul Palace.
If Anonymous really was Luo Zheng, then it couldn't be better. This way, Han Jia's floating island would gain a huge amount of points. But what if it wasn't? There were so many rich families. Any family could have a monstrous genius.
"Always staying here and trying to take advantage of Anonymous, how boring. Han Liusu, how about I challenge you to a duel?" A frivolous voice suddenly sounded out.
Han Liusu looked up and saw that it was Qin Tianze standing not far away.
Qin Tianze was a core disciple of the Qin Family. He was the disciple and successor of the Qin Family's Holy Emperor. If he hadn't used the Great Wish Art in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Qin Tianze would've been at least in the top ten.
The Qin Family's Holy Emperor helped Qin Tianze suppress the backlash of the Great Wish Art, allowing Qin Tianze to become a lower True God. However, he still had a huge influence. At least, it limited his talent. Qin Tianze was only ranked 21st, but his strength still couldn't be underestimated.
Qin Tianze still had some resentment towards Han Liusu. Back then, it was Han Liusu who brought Luo Zheng into the Sky Vault Clan, causing Qin Tianze to suffer such a huge loss.
"Not interested," Han Liusu replied coldly.
"Eldest Princess, you're not willing to give me face?" Qin Tianze shrugged and chuckled indifferently. "I heard that you and Leng Linyue haven't been on good terms recently!"
Rumors between rich and powerful families always spread very quickly. Although Qin Tianze and Leng Linyue weren't on the same side, he clearly understood them very well. "I heard that a Proof of Divinity expert appeared in your Han Family. He even killed Xie Jiao on the spot. I'm wondering if this Proof of Divinity expert is Anonymous? That guy seems to be called Luo Tianxing, right? "
If Han Liusu could guess that it was Luo Zheng, others could also guess that it was Luo Zheng.
After all, Luo Zheng had killed Xie Jiao and injured Leng Linyue in front of everyone. It wasn't a secret.
Since that Proof of Divinity expert had the strength to kill Xie Jiao, he naturally had the strength to participate in the battle.
It was just that Luo Zheng hadn't stepped onto the rankings from the beginning. After participating in the battle, he had become Anonymous. There were too few clues left for others to investigate, so no one could confirm the identity of Anonymous. Even Qin Tianze only had suspicions.
"It's also possible. I've sent people to investigate, but our Han Family's Secondary Sage seems to be teaching him the Purple Cloud Divine Dao," Han Liusu replied indifferently. She herself couldn't be sure of the real situation, so she naturally didn't need to hide anything. Otherwise, others would be suspicious.
"I see …" Qin Tianze said indifferently. He was only guessing.

Chapter 1863
Hearing that voice, the eyes of Han Liusu and the others flashed slightly.
Qin Tianze chuckled. "That Yu Taibai guy is here again! Every time the floating island is ranked, he'll appear once … "
"In order to protect the Luo family's floating island, this guy is really giving it his all!" another genius from a wealthy family said.
"It's said that he's already taken full control of Buzhou Spirit Mountain. His strength has probably increased greatly. Mu Xuerong can be considered unlucky. Just treat it as paying off the Mu family's debt …"
Over the years, the floating island's ranking had undergone many changes.
Most of the Luo family's people had fallen, while a small portion had already left and hid in the forbidden grounds.
However, the Luo family's floating island had never fallen into the Sea of Time. It was even able to maintain its third from the bottom because of Yu Taibai.
When he had left the Sea of Time, he had taken a piece of the Pantheon Jade Wall. Every time the floating island was ranked again, he would continuously challenge a few Perfect True Gods to obtain enough points to protect the Luo family's floating island.
Moreover, his first target was always Mu Xuerong.
Back then, it wasn't just the Mu family that had destroyed the Luo family. It could be said that all the Sage Halls had joined forces. However, Mu Haiji was indeed the one who had rushed to the forefront. This time, it was Mu Haiji who had started the Universal War. Yu Taibai naturally wanted to vent his bad luck on the Mu family.
In the Arena of Gods, True Gods would fight thousands of battles every day. However, the battles that attracted the most attention were probably the battles between Perfect True Gods.
These Perfect True Gods would easily have tens, or even millions of points. The outcome of their battles would often determine the floating island's ranking. This was also why the Sages placed so much importance on nurturing their disciples. The possibility of a disciple becoming a Sage was very small, very small. However, they still played a crucial role.
Normally, a battle between Perfection True Gods would be held in public, and everyone on the floating island would be able to watch it in person. Depending on their cultivation level, the points they would have to pay would also be different. For example, a Proof of Divinity expert would only have to pay five points, but a lower True God would have to pay forty points, a middle True God would have to pay two hundred points, and an upper True God would have to pay six hundred points.
These Consummate Real Gods had cultivated some kind of Divine Path to perfection. Moreover, they usually possessed extraordinary comprehension and extremely powerful Divine Powers outside of Dao. By observing them, one would be able to gain quite a bit of comprehension. Hence, Real Gods usually flocked to them.
Thus, after today's public battle was announced, countless True Gods deducted their points and chose to observe this public battle …
Luo Zheng was very relaxed these days. He took advantage of this time to ponder over the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind!
The last time he had fought with Xuan Yuemu, Luo Zheng had come to understand something. Strength wasn't omnipotent in God's Domain. Strictly speaking, Xuan Yuemu's strength wasn't outstanding. At most, he was just a little bit stronger than Xie Jiao. But Xuan Yuemu's strange techniques had rendered Luo Zheng helpless.
This was especially true for the Snow Imprint Divine Spear that was summoned by the Frost Imprint. Its explosive power had already far exceeded the upper limit of a Lower True God.
The Snow Seal Divine Way wasn't good at this kind of attack. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, the Snow Seal Divine Way must have been a combination of several special Divine Daos. If Luo Zheng had been able to activate the Infinite Ruler at that time, he would have been able to see through the origin of this Divine Way, and from there, he would have been able to counter it. He could have even taken this powerful technique for himself.
Unfortunately, it was already difficult to endure that kind of situation, let alone incorporate this Divine Way.
The Infinite Ruler still lay quietly in Luo Zheng's mind. During this time, the Evil Old Man was afraid that Aunt Hanjiu would find out about his existence, so he sealed himself away …
When the ruler was first stored in Luo Zheng's mind, he used many methods. For example, he used his own soul to wrap it up, or he injected his own consciousness into the Infinite Ruler. He even introduced a trace of chaos into his mind, but this jade ruler still didn't have any reaction.
"The key to activating the Infinite Ruler comes from Dao Connotation. No matter what Divine Dao Connotation it is, even if it's a Divine Way Divine Way's Dao Connotation, it will be activated …" Luo Zheng sank into deep thought. Every time the Infinite Ruler was activated, it was because he had absorbed enough Dao Connotation.
"Up until now, the Infinite Ruler hasn't incorporated the Dao Connotation of the Emotion Severing Divine Way."
His goal wasn't to incorporate the Emotion Severing Divine Way into the Infinite Ruler. After all, he mainly cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Way and didn't need to add another Divine Way to the Infinite Ruler. In the future, he might be able to incorporate all the Divine Daos into the Infinite Ruler, but he wasn't in a hurry for now.
"Then can the Dao Connotation of the Emotion Severing Divine Way activate the Infinite Ruler?"
"If it does, I'll quickly disperse the Dao Connotation …"
After thinking for a few days, Luo Zheng had a flash of inspiration. He felt like he had grasped the crux of the problem.
This method obviously wasn't a proper one. Unfortunately, his father hadn't taught him how to use the Infinite Ruler. He didn't even know what the true ability of this thing was. However, he felt like he could give it a try!
When he thought of this, he closed his eyes. A faint golden light emerged from his soul.
"Selfless!"
When he opened his eyes again, they were as calm as water. There wasn't a trace of emotion in them.
However, he was in Aunt Hanjiu's palace. Although Aunt Hanjiu was someone he could trust, he still didn't want to reveal that he cultivated the Dao Restriction. Therefore, he restrained his aura to the extreme.
Traces of Dao Connotation escaped from Luo Zheng's soul and slowly spread in his mind.
"Is it useful?"
Luo Zheng was constantly paying attention to the changes in the Infinite Ruler. If he hadn't fallen into the Emotion Severing state, he would have been looking forward to it. Now, his face was numb. No emotions could be seen on his face.
"Buzz …"
A trace of light suddenly flickered along the side of the Infinite Ruler. That light constantly wandered around the scales of the Infinite Ruler. Finally, it stopped at the scales at the very end of the Infinite Ruler.
"The Emotion Severing Divine Way is ranked at the end of the 3,000 Divine Daos?"
Luo Zheng also knew that every Divine Way corresponded to a scale on the Infinite Ruler. Moreover, the positions of the scales seemed to be predetermined. They weren't arranged according to the order in which Luo Zheng absorbed the Divine Daos. Now that the golden light stopped at the very end of the Infinite Ruler, that was where the Emotion Severing Divine Way should be.
At this moment, that scale began to absorb the Dao Connotation released by Luo Zheng. At the same time, Luo Zheng felt his eyes heat up. Two golden rings surrounded his pupils and lit up.
"It's done!"
Luo Zheng immediately absorbed all the Dao Connotation in his mind.
His goal was to activate the Infinite Ruler through the Emotion Severing Divine Way. He didn't really want to absorb the Emotion Severing Divine Way into the Infinite Ruler!
After he retrieved all of the Dao Connotation of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao, the golden rings in his eyes continued to flicker. Through this pair of golden rings, there was nothing he didn't understand about the surrounding environment. However, once he saw the Dao Connotation of the Divine Dao displayed by others, he could instantly see through its mystery and absorb it into the Immeasurable Ruler.
Luo Zheng's unintentional attempt had actually succeeded!
When Luo Zheng broke free from the "emotion severing" state, his face was filled with ecstasy. Through this method, many of the problems he encountered would be easily solved. He would also be able to unscrupulously comprehend the Dao Connotations of other True Gods.
The golden rings in his eyes lasted for about an incense stick's worth of time before slowly dimming.
At this moment, Aunt Hanjiu's sound transmission slowly floated over …
Faced with this sudden sound transmission, Luo Zheng thought that his actions had been discovered by Aunt Hanjiu. Just as he was feeling nervous, he heard Aunt Hanjiu say, "Yu Taibai wants to challenge Mu Xuerong. It's a public battle. You can enter the Pantheon Jade Wall and observe."
"Yu Taibai!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly jumped.
Back in the Central Domain, it was this youth who had taken away his little sister. That youth had only used the strength of a finger to send him flying several hundred miles …
At that time, Luo Zheng secretly swore in his heart that he would definitely defeat this guy one day.
He never would have thought that this youth was his father's chief disciple, Yu Taibai.
"Wasn't the Luo Family's floating island destroyed? How can Yu Taibai still enter the Arena of Gods to challenge Mu Xuerong? " Luo Zheng was very puzzled, but after Aunt Hanjiu sent him a sound transmission, she fell silent and didn't answer his question.
Luo Zheng didn't delay any longer. He hurriedly entered the Pantheon Jade Wall.
Not long after, Luo Zheng paid 40 points and stepped into a huge world.
A blood-red sun hung at the edge of this world. The entire world seemed to have been washed by red blood, and the pungent smell of blood assailed his nostrils.
Although this was a fictional space, it seemed that everything in it was absolutely real.
"So … many people." Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. Around him, there was a crowd of spectators. There were martial artists who had proven themselves to be gods, lower true gods, and middle true gods. At a glance, there was an uncountable number.

Chapter 1864
These lower True Gods all had different expressions as they looked at Luo Zheng.
Some admired him, some were wary, and some were envious …
"This is the Anonymous One!"
"He hasn't even proven his Divine Dao, but he's already ranked 96th!"
"The problem is that he also defeated that damn fatty Xuan Yuemu. You know how strong Xuan Yuemu is. If he steels himself, he'll definitely be able to get into the top ten!"
"If this goes on, he'll probably be able to get into the top ten? How many points can he accumulate? "
"…"
The true protagonist of this open battle had yet to appear, but countless gazes were already on Luo Zheng.
Those lower True Gods weren't the only ones paying attention to Luo Zheng. Some middle True Gods and upper True Gods had also noticed him. After all, all the major clans were investigating the Anonymous One's background, and they had also heard of it …
Han Liusu also noticed the Anonymous One at the first moment. She bypassed the crowd and approached Luo Zheng.
This was the first time she had seen the Anonymous One.
Luo Zheng's face was currently in a blurry state, so it was naturally impossible to distinguish him. Moreover, the color of his concentric clothing should have been changed.
Han Liusu stared at Luo Zheng. She felt that the Anonymous One gave her a familiar feeling, but she didn't dare to confirm it. If it really was Luo Zheng, she couldn't confirm it in front of so many people.
Luo Zheng was all smiles as he looked at Han Liusu's pretty face, which was full of confusion. In any case, no one else could see any expression he revealed.
Han Liusu said rather politely, "Hello … Anonymous One."
"What's the matter?" He lowered his voice a bit, making it sound deeper. Changing one's own voice was a very easy thing to do.
"In the Hall of Gods, can you accept my challenge …" Han Liusu said softly. No matter who it was that approached the Anonymous One, it was all for the Anonymous One's huge amount of points. However, Han Liusu tried her best to appear more sincere.
Looking at Han Liusu's serious and careful pretty face, Luo Zheng's smile became even wider.
However, before Luo Zheng could answer, a woman in black quickly walked towards him. That woman had a head of black hair, with neat bangs in front and a ponytail constantly bouncing behind her head. Her beautiful and dignified face was overflowing with boundless vitality, emitting a powerful but not annoying aura.
The surrounding people all moved aside. The woman glanced at Han Liusu indifferently, her eyes seemed to reveal disdain, "You've already been defeated by me, so don't speak!"
"You …" Han Liusu was momentarily at a loss for words. A pair of thin, shapely eyebrows suddenly twisted together. Three months ago, Han Liusu had lost to this woman. Han Liusu's heart had always been unsatisfied. Her strength was on par with the woman in black. She had been looking for a chance to challenge her again, but this woman in black always used the excuse of "defeated by me" to refuse to fight again. Han Liusu had randomly challenged her a few times, but she had not encountered the woman in black, which made Han Liusu very unhappy.
The woman in black did not care about Han Liusu's attitude at all. She stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You are the Anonymous One who obtained 22 consecutive victories?"
Luo Zheng looked at the woman indifferently, nodded and said, "Yes, I am."
"After the public battles, accept my challenge." The woman in black stared at Luo Zheng and said, as if she was ordering Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had encountered too many rude and unreasonable people. He did not care about her tone and only asked indifferently, "Why?"
Han Liusu also coldly glanced at the woman in black. This woman had always been so rude and unreasonable.
"If you win against me, I'll give you a grade grandmist artifact." The woman in black said again, as if she was certain that Luo Zheng would not be able to refuse her conditions.
Hearing her words, the surrounding low-level True Gods burst into an uproar …
There were quite a number of grandmist treasures in the God Realm, but most of them were ungraded grandmist treasures. There weren't many grandmist treasures that could be considered as graded grandmist treasures. Even the super forces didn't have a lot of grandmist treasures.
The woman in black opened her mouth and said that she would use a graded grandmist artifact as the wager. She was indeed very generous.
"The Anonymous One's true strength has not been confirmed. After all, even Xuanyue Mu lost to him. Mu Ning is really confident!"
"She is ranked first among the low-level True Gods. It's normal for her to be confident."
"Mu Ning has always been so domineering …"
Han Liusu also sighed in her heart. She did not have Mu Ning's courage. Her body involuntarily took two steps back. Her talent was outstanding, but her temperament was not strong. It seemed that taking the initiative to challenge the Anonymous One was hopeless. She could only hope that the Anonymous One would meet her in a random challenge.
Mu Ning, a woman from the Mu Family …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Currently, all of Luo Zheng's hatred was focused on Mu Haiji. However, based on the information he had obtained from Startail, Saint Jiu, and Han Liusu, Luo Zheng knew that Mu Haiji wasn't the only one who had killed his father.
At this time, Luo Zheng did not understand the dispute in the past. Therefore, his hatred was focused on Mu Haiji. After all, it was Mu Haiji who had started the Universal War.
"A mere graded grandmist artifact, I'm afraid it's not enough, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly laughed strangely.
Mu Ning's eyes flashed. "Not enough?"
Luo Zheng shook his head, then laughed mischievously. "If I win continuously among the low-level True Gods, the points I accumulate are equivalent to a Perfection True God. I can change the ranking of some floating islands! Let me ask you, isn't it worth it for a rich family to use a graded grandmist artifact to increase their ranking? "
Previously, when they heard that Mu Ning had taken out a graded grandmist artifact to challenge Luo Zheng, the low-level True Gods present felt that Luo Zheng had profited. Now, according to Luo Zheng's train of thought, it was indeed different!
A graded grandmist artifact to change the ranking of a floating island was undoubtedly a very profitable transaction!
"You …" Mu Ning had bumped into a neither soft nor hard rebuff. She was stunned for a moment before she sneered, "Are you sure you can keep winning? If you randomly choose an opponent to fight me, won't your winning streak be ended? "
Once his winning streak was ended, Luo Zheng would lose ninety percent of the points he had obtained from the bonus reward.
"Are you sure you can win against me?" Luo Zheng retorted.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Ning's lively eyes flickered with a strange light. "I've seen a lot of arrogant men like you. I like the look of despair on your face when I step on you! Since you say the conditions are not enough, then say it! "
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then raised three fingers and said, "Three grade-two grandmist artifacts."
"Insatiably greedy?" Mu Ning sneered coldly, but she still nodded. "I agree."
"I'll decide the time of the challenge, but I promise it will be before the floating islands decide the ranking." Luo Zheng added.
"Okay." Mu Ning raised her head and said.
"If I win, you can give her the three grade-two grandmist artifacts." Luo Zheng pointed at Han Liusu who had retreated to a corner.
"What!"
Mu Ning's eyes flashed with a green light, and within that light, there was a boundless life force. She stared at Han Liusu, and her face turned ugly.
Han Liusu was also stunned. She never thought that the anonymous person would suddenly change the topic and turn it to her. What was going on ….
"Why should I give it to her? Are you a member of the Han Clan? "Mu Ning was unhappy.
Among the younger generation of the lower True God Realm, Mu Ning and Han Liusu were the two most famous geniuses on the floating islands.
Both of them had their own strengths. Mu Ning was straightforward and lively, while Han Liusu was gentle and quiet. It was inevitable that the two of them would be compared. Mu Ning was extremely arrogant, and she didn't take Han Liusu seriously. If others compared her to Han Liusu, she would be very unhappy.
"Whether I'm a member of the Han Clan or not, it's up to you to guess." Luo Zheng said indifferently. "This is the condition. Let's see if you agree or not!"
Last time, Luo Zheng and Xuan Yuemu had agreed to a bet of 350 Shenwu coins!
In the end, after Luo Zheng won against Xuan Yuemu, that damn fatty disappeared without a trace. With Luo Zheng's current identity as an anonymous person, it was impossible for him to find the Xuan Yuemu Clan's floating island.
If he really did win against Mu Ning and still wasn't willing to show himself, it would be better for him to give the bet to Han Liusu.
As for whether or not he was a member of the Han Clan, they could guess as much as they wanted.
Mu Ning coldly glanced at Han Liusu. Luo Zheng's words were undoubtedly a great humiliation to her, but for the sake of challenging Luo Zheng, she gritted her teeth and agreed.
"Then that's fine." Luo Zheng shrugged, then walked over to Han Liusu and smiled. "You also said that you wanted to challenge me?"
Han Liusu had no idea what was going on. She was still a little stunned, but since the anonymous person had taken the initiative to ask her, she nodded. "En."
"After I defeat that woman, I'll accept your challenge." Luo Zheng continued to smile.
"Ah …" For some reason, Han Liusu was a little nervous facing the anonymous person. "But I can't take out three grandmist treasures."
It wasn't that Han Liusu couldn't take them out, but she wasn't willing to do so.
"What's wrong with that? It's free, haha …" Luo Zheng lowered his voice and laughed in a strange voice.

Chapter 1865
Anyone with a discerning eye could see that the anonymous person didn't care about the three grandmist treasures.
Moreover, the anonymous person had a lot of hostility towards Mu Ning. It could be said that he was deliberately trying to anger Mu Ning.
However, Mu Ning's personality was extremely serious. In addition, the anonymous person was completely biased towards Han Liusu, who she had always looked down on. Her current mood could be imagined!
"This … isn't too good, right?" Han Liusu was quite surprised. She hadn't expected such a thing to happen.
"If you are willing, I will naturally do so," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Of course I am willing." Han Liusu smiled and nodded. The corners of her mouth curled up, forming a cute arc. Her gaze faintly drifted towards Mu Ning.
Mu Ning endured for a long time, but was finally ignited by Han Liusu's gaze. Luo Zheng's actions were more infuriating than naked provocation and slander. However, she couldn't vent her anger on Han Liusu, so she blocked in front of Luo Zheng and angrily said, "What is the meaning of this!"
Who knew that Luo Zheng would raise his head and look into the distance. He was too lazy to pay attention to Mu Ning. He only pointed into the distance and said, "It has begun …"
In the distance …
In the blood-red wilderness, a figure slowly elongated. It was a petite woman.
She wore a blood-red robe and walked slowly in the boundless wilderness. A strong killing intent spread out like a substance. Even though Luo Zheng was quite a distance away, he could still feel the threat of death.
This killing intent was like a sharp knife, pressing against everyone's heart. With just a glance from her, this sharp knife could pierce anyone's heart and take their life.
"Mu Xuerong … this is the aura of a Perfection True Divinity?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Although Aunt Han Jiu's aura was completely different from Mu Xuerong's, and Aunt Han Jiu was a quasi-Saint, Luo Zheng felt that in terms of aura, Aunt Han Jiu wasn't much stronger than Mu Xuerong.
"Mu Xuerong has come out …"
"What a powerful killing intent. She has already cultivated the Killing God Dao to perfection. It is said that she has comprehended three kinds of Killing God Dao's supernatural abilities. It seems that she has improved a lot!"
"But he'll still be killed by Yu Taibai this year, right?"
Ever since the Luo Family's floating island had been destroyed, Yu Taibai would challenge Mu Xuerong every time the floating island's ranking was changed. Moreover, he would completely dominate her every time.
Speaking of which, Mu Xuerong was rather strange. She could have avoided Yu Taibai's challenge completely. According to the rules, Great Perfection experts only needed to complete a public battle before the floating island's ranking. Mu Xuerong only needed to challenge any Great Perfection expert in advance.
However, Mu Xuerong just had to wait for Yu Taibai every single time. It could be said that she kept on fighting despite repeated setbacks … Thus, there was a rumor that spread throughout the floating island that the Mu Clan's beloved daughter was born with masochistic tendencies. Every once in a while, she would only be happy if Yu Taibai tortured her.
"It's Big Sister!" Mu Ning said with a smile. She glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. Her words were deliberately said for Luo Zheng to hear.
Although Mu Ning was a True God, she still couldn't break away from the mentality of a woman. Luo Zheng's blatant favoritism towards Yu Liusu made her extremely angry. The more she wanted to prove something to Luo Zheng, the more proud she was to have such an elder sister. Of course, she had to remind Luo Zheng that Mu Xuerong was her blood related elder sister!
However, Luo Zheng didn't react at all. His gaze fell to the other side. That youth … Yu Taibai had appeared.
"We finally meet again …" Luo Zheng looked at Yu Taibai and muttered.
"What did you say?" Mu Ning was very concerned about the anonymous person beside her, so she asked.
"I'm not talking to you!" Luo Zheng replied unhappily.
"You …" Mu Ning's eyebrows shot up. She had never seen someone ignore her to such an extent. She looked as if she couldn't wait to swallow this anonymous person whole.
To the side, Han Liusu had a faint smile on her face. She was very pleased in her heart. Whether or not this anonymous person was Luo Zheng, she was very happy today. This anonymous person had helped her vent her anger.
Compared to Mu Xuerong's cold killing intent, Yu Taibai's was much gentler.
That kind of calm and gentle aura emanated from him, as if nothing in this world could melt away from him …
The first time he saw Yu Taibai, Luo Zheng had felt this aura. At that time, Luo Zheng couldn't understand the vastness of this aura. He could only vaguely feel that the entire Boundless Universe was afraid of his existence.
"Yu Taibai is still the same. He's always so unfathomable."
"He now controls Buzhou Spirit Mountain. It's said that even Saints can't do anything to him. Mu Xuerong probably isn't his match."
"Don't talk nonsense. Buzhou Spirit Mountain's abilities can't be used in the Pantheon Jade Wall. Not to mention, Mu Xuerong's progress is quite great. Last time, everyone saw Mu Xuerong and Tang Wan's public battle. It's said that Mu Xuerong is still holding back her strength!"
Besides paying attention to the two people in the distance, Luo Zheng also carefully eavesdropped on the discussions of others. He was too unfamiliar with the Realm of the Gods. There were many things he needed to learn.
At this time, Yu Taibai suddenly opened his mouth and said, "We meet again. This is the sixteenth time."
Before this, Mu Xuerong had lost to Yu Taibai a total of fifteen times!
It was hard for others to imagine that with Mu Xuerong's arrogant personality, she could endure so many defeats.
Mu Xuerong's expression was still calm. "This time, I won't lose to you."
Yu Taibai gave a noncommittal smile. "I feel bad that I have to earn points from you every time."
Hearing Yu Taibai's words, the True Gods began to discuss …
"Yu Taibai's words are too fake."
"Everyone knows that there's something wrong between him and the Mu Family …"
"In fact, the Luo Family has already been completely destroyed. There's no possibility of it ever rising again. Why is Yu Taibai bitterly persevering?"
In many people's eyes, Yu Taibai was already too outstanding.
If he gave up on the Mu Family, gave up on resisting the Saints, and gave up on saving his master Luo Xiao, he could even become a Saint again in the future. There might even be another Yu Family floating island on the Sea of Time.
"No possibility of rising again …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light. He clenched his fists tightly. In his mind, the Luo Family's floating island, riddled with holes, appeared. A ruthless aura rose in his heart. There would come a day when he would make the Luo Family's floating island rise like the sun and trample all these powerful families beneath his feet.
Right now, he was just a little mouse that needed to remain anonymous. To him, any powerful family was a colossus that he could only dream of. He still needed to properly conceal himself and carefully move forward.
"There's no need to feel apologetic," Mu Xuerong said indifferently. "This time, I will make you spit it out with interest …"
After saying this, Mu Xuerong gently raised her hands. Two rays of light flashed from her hands, and two weapons appeared. The short scimitar in her right hand was bright silver. The blade was curved, and the thick blade was suffused with a faint blue light. In the middle of the blue light was a slender golden Sanskrit character. It was unique and special. In her left hand was a slender short sword. This short sword looked very ordinary, as if there was nothing special about it.
As for Yu Taibai, his left hand was behind his back. The fingers of his right hand were constantly moving as if he was calculating something. He did not take out his own weapon. He only said indifferently, "Let's begin …"
A wave of blood suddenly appeared in Mu Xuerong's eyes. With a stride forward, she charged at Yu Taibai. The waves of blood in her eyes rolled along her cheeks, leaving behind two bloody trails. Her speed was inconceivably fast.
"Whoosh …"
As if she was floating with the wind, Mu Xuerong naturally approached Yu Taibai. The short scimitar in her right hand silently drew a bloody arc.
Like a block of wood, Yu Taibai strangely moved a few inches to the side, easily dodging the bloody arc. That arc continued to expand in the air. It expanded again and again, from a few feet to a few dozen feet, and then to a few hundred feet. After the energy contained within was completely released, it turned into a bloody tsunami that could topple mountains and overturn seas. It extended all the way to the ends of the world before slowly calming down.

Chapter 1866
Mu Xuerong was like a nimble deer. With a short saber in one hand and a short sword in the other, she slashed out like a shuttle.
As for Yu Taibai, he seemed to be able to calculate everything. With the simplest movements, he dodged Mu Xuerong's attacks.
The two of them had fought so many times, and each time was a life or death struggle. Thus, they were very familiar with each other.
But in comparison, Yu Taibai was much calmer. He allowed Mu Xuerong to attack as he dodged …
Huala …
Every time Mu Xuerong's saber slashed through the air, it would set off a monstrous wave of blood that constantly spread out in the boundless space.
To the juniors of the Realm of the Gods, this sort of scene was extremely rare. Only those great perfection masters would be able to see it in public battles.
But to Luo Zheng, he had seen this scene many times. After all, in the Great Evolution Universe, the destruction that those Empyreans could cause with a wave of their hands was far more terrifying than what he was seeing now.
However, the Great Evolution Universe was still an inner world; it couldn't compare with the Realm of the Gods.
Those Empyreans might be able to destroy a great world in the universe, but in the Realm of the Gods, they might not even be able to flip over a mountain.
The speed at which Mu Xuerong and Yu Taibai exchanged blows became increasingly fast. The two of them quickly circled in the air. Then, without any warning, Mu Xuerong's figure suddenly vanished from behind Yu Taibai and reappeared above his head. At the same time, a bright red saber light slashed down.
"Space jump …" Luo Zheng curled his lips.
Perhaps Mu Xuerong's move was outside of Yu Taibai's expectations, or perhaps Yu Taibai had miscalculated something, but when Mu Xuerong slashed down from above, Yu Taibai wasn't able to dodge in time!
At this time, Yu Taibai's eyes flashed with a trace of surprise. He grasped out with one hand, catching Mu Xuerong's saber light.
Ka ka ka ka!
Just how terrifying was the power of that saber light?
Before, Yu Taibai had been constantly dodging, and Mu Xuerong's saber light had turned into a monstrous wave of snow that constantly retreated into the distance. Now that the saber light's power had erupted from Yu Taibai's hands, wanting to cancel it out wouldn't be easy.
Yu Taibai's hand glowed with a faint blue light. Under the protection of this faint blue light, he was able to forcibly crush Mu Xuerong's saber light. However, the look on his face became much more cautious. At the same time, he retreated, shuttling through space to create some distance between him and Mu Xuerong.
"Do you find it strange?" Mu Xuerong said with a faint smile. Her beautiful eyes were filled with killing intent. "Did you miscalculate?"
Yu Taibai lowered his head and pinched his fingers. A strange look appeared in his eyes. "Yes, I did miscalculate …"
Luo Zheng didn't think much of it. He couldn't understand what the two were talking about. But when it reached the audience, it immediately caused an uproar.
"Yu Taibai actually miscalculated!"
"How is that possible? He's fought Mu Xuerong so many times, and he hasn't missed even once!"
"Did the Mu Family prepare some powerful method for Mu Xuerong to interfere with Yu Taibai's plans?"
"Isn't the Grand Yan Divine Dao known as the Primal Chaos? Yu Taibai can't even calculate Mu Xuerong's attack. It seems he's only so-so … "
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng finally understood.
Why was Yu Taibai able to easily kill Mu Xuerong fifteen times?
He relied on the Great Yan Divine Dao!
Luo Xiao was the first person to completely comprehend the Great Yan Divine Dao, becoming the first person to leave his name on the Dao tablet of the Great Yan Divine Dao.
This was because after Luo Xiao became a Saint, many people flocked to the Great Yan Divine Dao. But, those that could truly comprehend the Great Yan Divine Dao were few and far between. This was because the Great Yan Divine Dao was too ethereal and difficult to comprehend. And, even if one did comprehend it, it was difficult to use.
Luo Xiao had established the glory of the Great Yan Divine Dao and used it to become a Saint. But, to what extent he had used the Great Yan Divine Dao, not many people knew. In the Realm of the Gods, Saints basically didn't do anything …
In comparison, Yu Taibai's Great Yan Divine Dao was much more well-known to the gods!
With a single hand, he could calculate his opponent's height, cultivation, strength, and even the lighting, environment, and all other possibilities. With this, he could calculate his opponent's movements using the Great Yan Divine Dao.
Mu Xuerong had cultivated the Killing God Dao to perfection, and her strength was extremely fierce. In the entire Realm of the Gods, besides Saints and Quasi-Saints, there were no other Perfect Saints that could defeat her.
But, Yu Taibai had defeated her fifteen times.
Every time she attacked, every blink of an eye, every heartbeat, every small movement, all of it had been perfectly calculated by Yu Taibai, without a single mistake …
This ability of Yu Taibai's was hailed as a miracle by countless True Divinities of the Realm of the Gods.
There were even some who said that Yu Taibai could use the Great Yan Divine Dao to calculate the future. The reason he protected Buzhou Spirit Mountain and protected the Luo Family was because he had calculated a clear future. Thus, he persisted in helping the Luo Family. There would be a day when Luo Xiao would 'revive'.
To say that Yu Taibai could calculate all of his opponent's methods was not an exaggeration. But, to say that he could calculate the future of the Realm of the Gods was a bit too exaggerated.
If a leaf floated down from a tree and one knew the height of the branch and the strength of the wind, one could calculate where the leaf would land. Even if one didn't use the Great Yan Divine Dao, some talented True Divinities could calculate this.
But, the Realm of the Gods had countless True Divinities and countless divine citizens. There were also countless variables. No matter how formidable the Great Yan Divine Dao was, how could it possibly be calculated?
No matter what, this was the first time Yu Taibai had miscalculated against Mu Xuerong.
"It's good that you miscalculated." Mu Xuerong revealed a proud expression. "This time, I'll let that tattered Luo Family's floating island sink into the sea of time. It's just too much of an eyesore …"
After saying this, Mu Xuerong's figure suddenly began to spin. Specks of blood-red light gently floated out, enveloping her within. Then, her figure disappeared from Yu Taibai's eyes.
Yu Taibai's left index finger constantly clenched. His thumb clenched and his little finger flicked out. His mouth was muttering to himself, and his expression became even more dignified. It seemed that he really couldn't calculate …
"Since you already know, don't waste any more energy." Mu Xuerong's voice resounded in the air.
Just as her voice fell, a thick blood-red light appeared in the air without any warning. Mu Xuerong's figure appeared on the other side, and a part of that blood-red light extended to Yu Taibai's chest.
"Pu!"
By the time the blood-red light had dissipated, a shocking wound had appeared on Yu Taibai's body. Almost half of his body had been cut open, leaving only a bit of flesh sticking to the two halves of his body.
"Wah, Yu Taibai was cut in half by Mu Xuerong!"
"I already said that Mu Xuerong lost because of the Great Yan Divine Dao's calculations. In a direct confrontation, Yu Taibai might not be stronger than her!"
"What happened to Yu Taibai's crushing? I bet my entire fortune on Yu Taibai. "
Seeing this, Luo Zheng revealed a trace of worry. Yu Taibai wouldn't really die, but would the Luo Family's floating island fall into the sea of time because of his failure?
Yu Taibai's expression was calm. He reached out his hand and gently touched his chest. The two halves of his body quickly merged back into one, and the shocking wound disappeared.
Yu Taibai said seriously, "The floating island of the Luo Clan won't fall into the Sea of Time … You lost to me fifteen times before you managed to break my 'How's Divination?' It must be those damned old fogeys from the Saint Hall plotting behind the scenes … Since that's the case, I'll let you and those old fogeys from the Saint Hall see how I'll tear your bodies apart and crush your floating island in the future!"
His shoulders suddenly shook slightly, and the clothes on the back of his shoulders suddenly swelled up. In addition, his chest, thighs, calves, and almost every part of his body began to expand violently. Everyone who saw this scene was curious. Even Luo Zheng was dumbfounded.
In the blink of an eye, Yu Taibai had turned into an incomparably muscular man. The clothes on his body quickly burst open, and the veins on his body bulged with a rainbow light!
"This is the source of power flowing through his veins, as if it's replacing his blood … How did Yu Taibai do it?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was incomparably shocked.

Chapter 1867
Body refinement arts weren't valued too much in the divine realm, and even the divine path of strength wasn't very popular.
Traditional true gods still obediently condensed godhood, cultivating all the way to perfection, and then working hard to become saints.
This was a path that had been proven by countless gods. Although from ancient times until now, only a few people could stand at the peak, it was still a path of success.
However, there had never been a lack of people in this world who had taken a different path. Back then, Luo Xiao had walked the Grand Divination Divine Dao alone, and he had also calculated a Grand Divination Universe. However, people like Luo Xiao were extremely rare in the end. Those paths that had never been stepped on by others were filled with an unknown fog, and it might even be a huge trap. The difficulty was obvious.
Just like the chaos secret arts Luo Zheng cultivated, it was still difficult to condense godhood. If he hadn't encountered that strange mud, Luo Zheng probably still wouldn't have any clues.
Whispers also sounded around Luo Zheng …
"Yu Taibai actually used such a strange body refinement art!"
"This completely exceeds the eighth layer of Dao Pedestal and nine stars of Spiritual Pedestal Tier. What's up with that power source, how can it replace blood!"
"That's not Yu Taibai's path. Isn't he good at calculating the opponent's flaws, and using the simplest method to kill in one strike?"
Yu Taibai always gave people the impression of a man of few words, a gentle and modest person.
When the Luo Family's floating island was destroyed, Yu Taibai also left without a word, but when he turned back, his gentle eyes were filled with reluctance. Then, he disappeared from the sight of the rich and powerful families, and was even forgotten for a time.
It was also during that time that the Luo Family's floating island's ranking fell again and again.
Just when the rich and powerful families thought that the Luo Family's floating island would fall into the sea of time next time, Yu Taibai strangely appeared in the Arena of Gods, and with his own strength, almost carried the burden of the entire Luo Family's floating island.
Afterwards, the Luo Family's floating island was fixed at the third from the bottom, never falling even one place, miraculously maintaining it for so many years.
This was a man's loyalty and tenacity.
But today, for some reason, he showed his muscles for the first time in front of the gods.
The muscles all over his body swelled crazily, giving off a sense of power and beauty. However, his head didn't change at all. His huge and broad body seemed a little out of place with a small head.
When Mu Xuerong saw this, she almost reflexively jumped backwards. Her figure seemed to be in a trance as she shuttled through space three times, creating a distance of several thousand feet as she stared at Yu Taibai in front of her.
For Mu Xuerong to mislead Yu Taibai's "How's the calculation", she was indeed very proud of herself.
Mu Xuerong had always felt that her strength was above Yu Taibai's. It wasn't that she didn't have a chance of defeating him. It was just that her "divination" had already calculated everything.
Her Blood Moon and Mortal Sword were both top-notch grade-one grandmist treasures …
Her comprehension of the God-Slaying Dao continued to make breakthroughs, and she had almost comprehended the Dao of Ultimate Killing between heaven and earth.
But when faced with "How's the derivation", she was almost unable to break through.
Today, she had broken through "How's the derivation", and finally thought that she had won. This Yu Taibai no longer had any means to fight against her. She would give Yu Taibai the humiliation of the past and kick away the biggest stumbling block in the depths of her heart.
She never thought that she would release an incomprehensible monster. Yu Taibai gave her a sense of danger that even surpassed some Saints.
Yu Taibai indifferently looked at Mu Xuerong. His eyes were still gentle, like the sun in the human world, giving people a faint feeling of comfort and contentment. But it made Mu Xuerong feel a chill in her heart. "Today, I'll have to trouble you to cooperate …"
As soon as his voice fell, Yu Taibai disappeared.
The perfection stage of Spatial Transference was different from the greater teleportation and space shuttling that Luo Zheng had comprehended in the universe. There were almost no signs, and there were no so-called spatial fluctuations, so once one moved, their speed was much faster.
Just as Yu Taibai disappeared, Mu Xuerong opened her arms. Although she didn't understand the Great Expansion Divine Dao and didn't know how to use "How's the derivation", she knew that Yu Taibai's next step would be to pounce on her.
As soon as she opened her arms, her entire body began to spin, like a blood-red whirlwind as she attacked behind her.
"Kacha, kacha …"
At the same time, Yu Taibai's figure appeared behind Mu Xuerong, his hand reaching out to grab her. Mu Xuerong had correctly calculated Yu Taibai's movements, and she was delighted.
By relying on the sharpness of the Condensed Blood Moon and the Mortal Sword, by relying on her own Killing God Dao, by relying on her own killing edge …
She wanted to cut Yu Taibai to pieces!
But she had forgotten that Yu Taibai was still able to calculate her reaction.
At this moment, she didn't try to avoid Yu Taibai's "How's the derivation", so Yu Taibai was able to calculate every word that she excitedly shouted in her heart, and he was even able to calculate her counterattack.
Yu Taibai only moved for an instant. His thick right hand passed through Mu Xuerong's sharp aura and grabbed her by the waist.
Mu Xuerong's waist was very thin, and he could completely grasp it with a single hand.
However, her reaction was also extremely fast. In the face of an extremely unfavorable situation, she actually calmed down. Only a ten-thousandth of a blink of an eye had passed since Yu Taibai had grabbed her, and blood colored scales had already begun to appear on her body.
In order to defeat Yu Taibai, she had prepared far too many things. Since Yu Taibai was willing to face her head on, there was no need for her to hold back!
The Killing God Dao's most powerful aspect was its frontal attack. Almost no True Divinity was willing to face a True Divinity who cultivated the Killing God Dao head on.
The consciousness in her eyes had completely fallen. At this moment, countless tentacles extended from her dantian and continued to spread throughout her body. Wherever they passed, the structure of her body would change accordingly. What others would see was that her body was shrouded in dense blood-red scales …
"What kind of divine ability is this? The Killing God Dao doesn't have such a divine ability … "
"Look at the scales on her body. It seems to be a God-Devil Sacred Body, but I've never seen such a strange God-Devil Sacred Body …"
"She has at least fused three different Divine Daos. I didn't think that Mu Xuerong would be so strong. The Mu Family truly has high hopes for her."
The people watching today's public battle all thought that it would be a repeat of the previous battle, but what they saw was completely different from what they had imagined. Both sides were using unique skills that had never appeared before.
Mu Ning tightly clenched her fists, staring at her big sister in the distance. She hadn't thought that her big sister would use her own unique skill so quickly.
Mu Ning remembered that her father had said that with this move, she would be immortal and nearly invincible for a short period of time …
But just as this thought flashed through Mu Ning's mind, the scene in front of her changed her mind.
Yu Taibai used his left hand to grab Mu Xuerong, and his right arm suddenly flashed with a multi-colored light. His fist danced as it smashed towards Mu Xuerong.
There was a certain drawback to using the source of strength, and that was that it couldn't be completely fused with one's body …
But Yu Taibai's understanding of the Divine Dao of Strength and the Body Refining Technique seemed to have risen to another level!
It even surpassed the horizons of those Saints …
Even if Mu Xuerong's unique skill was known as immortal and indestructible, she still couldn't withstand it.
"Boom …"
Yu Taibai's fist smashed into Mu Xuerong's body. Black spikes began to spread out from Mu Xuerong's body. These were ripples created by the violent shaking of space, and these ripples actually spread out for dozens of miles!
Kacha, kacha …
Mu Xuerong could be considered to have strengthened her body to a terrifying degree. Even after taking this punch, her body didn't disintegrate. Instead, countless cracks appeared on the blood-red scales on her body. At the same time, she began to plummet downwards at an extremely fast speed.
But just as she fell 20 or 30 feet, Yu Taibai appeared beneath Mu Xuerong once more.
"Boom …"
As the massive spatial ripples spread out, a second punch smashed into Mu Xuerong's body. By this time, more than half of the blood-red scales on her body had disappeared.
"Boom …"
When Yu Taibai smashed out a third punch, the scales on Mu Xuerong's body had completely disappeared. Her body collapsed in front of everyone, leaving behind only the massive black ripples that continued to reverberate and spread out. It was as if these spatial ripples were too intense, as if they would continue to spread out through this imaginary space forever.

Chapter 1868
Yu Taibai pondered for a moment before saying, "After this floating island ranking, the Zhao, Liu, Qin, Mu, Tang, Leng, and Dongfang families will all be banned from entering Buzhou Spirit Mountain."
His voice was very calm.
However, it caused an uproar among the audience!
"What … this is impossible!"
"Why can't the Tang family enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain?!"
"Yu Taibai, do you have the ability to stop the Leng family? What a joke! "
Regardless of whether they were lower level, middle level, or upper level true gods, they were all extremely agitated. It could be said that they were all enraged …
However, the most agitated true gods belonged to the families Yu Taibai had banned from entering.
As for the Han family, Zhao family, Zhou family, and other families, their expressions didn't change much. They were even secretly delighted.
Forbidden lands were very important to the wealthy families. It was the foundation of their foothold.
This was because the vast amount of Shenwu coins and precious materials came from the Forbidden Grounds. After so many years, the wealthy families had already figured out the Forbidden Grounds. The competition had reached a white-hot stage. Every time the Forbidden Grounds opened, it was the time for the disciples of the wealthy families to compete. Although there were True Gods who had fallen in the Forbidden Grounds, any family or True God would still scramble like a flock of ducks.
Buzhou Spirit Mountain was one of the four great forbidden lands. It was considered a relatively mild forbidden land.
Of the Four Great Forbidden Lands, the Soul Wilderness was too mysterious and ever-changing. The Waterspiral Forest was filled with ferocious beasts. As for the Deep Abyss Devil Region … there was no need to even mention it. Even if an upper True God entered this place, they would most likely perish. Even Paragons and Quasi-Sages dying here was nothing new.
Therefore, in terms of value, Buzhou Spirit Mountain was the most important to the wealthy families!
"Zhao family, Liu family, Qin family, Mu family …"
Luo Zheng memorized the names of the wealthy families Yu Taibai mentioned.
Mu Haiji wasn't the only one who destroyed the Luo family. The Mu family alone probably didn't have the qualifications to fight against the Luo family. These were probably the wealthy families who attacked the Luo family back then.
"If the Han family, Xuanyue family, Jian family, or Gu family enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain, I will open the Cloud Dragon Stream to you. The reason is … this!" Yu Taibai said as he casually raised his hand and made a hand gesture …
When the bystanders saw the gesture, they didn't understand what Yu Taibai meant at all.
Also, if Yu Taibai had given the Gu Family some preferential treatment, it would have made sense. Back then, Luo Xiao and Gu Bei had been on good terms, and the Luo Family and Gu Family were on good terms as well. However, when it came to the Han Family, the Xuanyue Family, and the Sword Tribe, what was going on?
When the Luo Family was in trouble, although the other three families didn't kick them when they were down, they didn't help either side.
"What does Yu Taibai's gesture mean?"
"It seems to be some kind of code. What is he hinting at?"
"I'm not sure about that. What I do know is that once Yu Taibai truly takes control of Buzhou Spirit Mountain, he'll cause trouble sooner or later. Sigh … If we can't go to Buzhou Spirit Mountain in the future, we can't always run to Takeshima Forest, right?"
In this fictional world, there were still some hidden existences that were undetectable by others.
The Saints Saints from the wealthy families to Yu Taibai ….
The Tang family's Saint couldn't take it anymore and finally asked, "Yu Taibai, you're not the only one in the forbidden land. What right do you have to stop us from entering?"
The Tang family's Saint had a fiery temper. His voice boomed like thunder, echoing in everyone's ears. Just being surrounded by Yu Sheng was enough to make everyone's eardrums roar.
Yu Taibai looked into the distance indifferently and replied, "From the moment I took control of Buzhou Spirit Mountain, it belongs to me alone. Do you have a problem with that?"
"You!" The Tang family's Saint was furious. "Even Shi Xiaoqiao isn't as domineering as you!"
The Four Great Forbidden Lands now had two people in control ….
The first was Shi Xiaoqiao, who controlled the Soul Wilderness. However, Shi Xiaoqiao had been missing for many years and only recently appeared in the Great Yan Universe.
After taking control of the Soul Wilderness, she didn't interfere with it and allowed the wealthy families to enter and leave freely.
If one day Shi Xiaoqiao was unhappy, she indeed had the right to close the doors of the Soul Wilderness to the wealthy families. This was one of the reasons why Shi Xiaoqiao had a special status in the eyes of the Saints. If they could win over a woman like Shi Xiaoqiao, it was equivalent to controlling the Soul Wilderness. Moreover, after controlling the Soul Wilderness, Shi Xiaoqiao could use the scepter in the Soul Wilderness to perform the Momentary Silence of the Gods. This ability was a great threat even to the Saints.
Now, Yu Taibai was the second. This kid had just taken control of Buzhou Spirit Mountain and announced the closure of the wealthy families who had once suppressed the Luo family. Not only that, the Saints didn't know what Buzhou Spirit Mountain's ability was. If Buzhou Spirit Mountain gave Yu Taibai more powerful abilities, the Saints would be uneasy.
"Shi Xiaoqiao is Shi Xiaoqiao, I am me. When you faced the Luo family back then, you should have known that this day would come. This is only the beginning, only the beginning …." Yu Taibai smiled coldly, a trace of malevolence even appearing on his face. At the end, he seemed to have remembered something. "That's right, the Jiang family should stop chasing after me. I will only warn you once. Next time, I will not show mercy!"
After saying this, Yu Taibai's figure disappeared. The blood-red sky in the Arena of Gods began to disappear, and the surroundings were pitch black.
The True Gods discussed as they slowly left. It was like a curtain call in a theater, and only Luo Zheng was left alone ….
"That hand gesture … was taught to Yu Taibai by Luo Yan." Luo Zheng stood in place, his heart trembling slightly.
Ever since they were young, he had been the one to protect his sister. However, when Luo Zheng saw Yu Taibai make that hand gesture, she vaguely transformed into Luo Yan, as if she wanted to protect her brother instead ….
Since it was Xingwei who arranged for him to sneak into the Han family's ancestral land, it was impossible for Yu Taibai to not know. He should have guessed that he had already entered Han Jia, so he used this opportunity to hint to him.
Yu Taibai mentioned the Gu family, the Xuanyue family, and the Sword family to distract attention. After all, if he only targeted Han Jia, it would be too obvious. Now, even if the Sages were suspicious, it was almost impossible to find Luo Zheng among the four families.
"Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, Cloud Dragon Stream." Luo Zheng nodded slightly, then quietly disappeared from this space.
In the depths of the Sea of Time, clouds swirled in front of the Saint Hall …
An old man with a ruddy face stood in front of the Saint Hall, his face full of anger. This person was the Tang family's Saint, Tang Lun.
As an extremely old Saint, Tang Lun had never lost his temper like this before!
"How should we deal with that brat Yu Taibai?!" Tang Lun shouted angrily.
Since the beginning of the Divine Era, the Tang family had been developing rapidly. They had risen from the 26th position to the ninth position. The most important reason for this was the Buzhou Spirit Mountain. Among the rich and powerful families, the Tang family had the most thorough understanding of the mountain. Every time they explored the Buzhou Spirit Mountain, the disciples of the Tang family would always gain the most.
Therefore, in the Arena of Gods, Tang Lun was the first Saint to lose his cool.
"You didn't kill him back then, allowing this brat to develop steadily in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain. Now that he's taken control of Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, you're regretting it now?" A faint voice floated over.
"We won't compromise with Yu Taibai, but didn't you notice Yu Taibai's hint? He's been accumulating power for so long, it seems like he's about to make a big move … "
"This Yu Taibai is as good at scheming as Luo Xiao. It's fine if he doesn't make a move, but once he does, he'll be fully prepared!"
"It's just that we don't know which wealthy family he's hinting at, and who he's targeting?" There were too many clues missing, and these Saints couldn't get to the crux of the problem.
"Hmph, no matter what Yu Taibai's scheming is, can he really flatten the floating island with his ability? He's really boasting shamelessly. Giving up a forbidden land might not be a bad thing. Us wealthy families can continue to explore the Takiguan Forest and the Abyss Demon Realm together. Perhaps there'll be some unexpected surprises … "
"Sigh, when Brother Dongfang comes out of seclusion, we can ask him …"
There were many large and small forbidden lands in the Divine Realm, and there were even some small forbidden lands that had yet to be fully explored. There might be a big chance among them.

Chapter 1869
In the Mu family, the doors of the Killing God Temple were pushed open.
The guards on both sides of the hall knelt on the ground …
Within the door, Mu Xuerong was like a ghost, her figure flickering as she left Han Jia's floating island.
Those guards exchanged glances with each other and started to communicate with each other in a low voice …
"Wasn't the Temple Master very confident this time?"
"She still lost to Yu Taibai. Sigh, the coming days won't be easy."
"Everyone should keep their eyes open."
Mu Xuerong's temper was very bad, everyone knew that.
After leaving Han Jia's floating island, Mu Xuerong obediently stepped on the transparent disk and continued to rise. Flying and spatial transference were forbidden in the Sea of Time. Even as a Perfection Immortal, she couldn't violate this rule.
As she continued to walk through the thick fog, a black mountain appeared in front of her.
This mountain was a hundred thousand feet tall, lofty and steep.
Halfway up the mountain was a huge stone slab. This stone slab represented the supreme law of the Divine Realm, the Governing Stone Slab.
This stone slab was connected to the entire mountain, and it was wrapped in strange lightning. This lightning looked very ordinary, but it contained a powerful force. Even a Saint couldn't resist it.
Under normal circumstances, no one could climb this mountain, and no one could get close to the stone slab …
Mu Xuerong didn't go up the mountain. She looked up at the stone slab, then circled behind the mountain and entered a huge cave.
Within the cave, a silver-robed figure stood with his back to Mu Xuerong. This figure was bound by lightning and was unable to move at all. This was Mu Haiji, who had violated the rules of the stone tablet. After attacking the Great Expansion Space, the stone tablet had sent down a punishment and sent Mu Haiji into the cave to face the wall.
"Father …" Mu Xuerong called out.
"You lost?" Mu Haiji indifferently replied.
He understood his daughter's personality very well. Just from the slight difference in her voice, he could tell that Mu Xuerong had lost.
"Yes." Mu Xuerong nodded, her face showing some grievance. However, that grievance disappeared in an instant. She was already a Perfection Immortal and the hope of the Mu family's new generation. She couldn't allow any negative emotions.
"Yu Taibai's strength should have improved again …" Mu Haiji shook his head, "Being backed by Buzhou Spirit Mountain has indeed benefited him greatly."
Recalling the strength that Yu Taibai had displayed, Mu Xuerong couldn't help but shudder. However, this was no longer important. She immediately said, "Father, Buzhou Spiritual Mountain is now completely under Yu Taibai's control. This time, he announced in the Arena of the Gods that our Mu Clan will no longer be able to enter Buzhou Spiritual Mountain."
"What?!"
Mu Haiji's voice sank …
Of course, he was clear about the impact of Zhou Lingshan's closure on the Mu Clan. "Is it targeting our Mu Clan alone?"
"No, the Tang Clan, the Dongfang Clan, and … they are not allowed to enter Buzhou Spiritual Mountain," Mu Xuerong continued.
"Hmph! You brat! "Mu Haiji coldly said.
"Also … in the end, he even said that he could open the Cloud Dragon Stream to the Han family, Gu family, Xuanyue family, and Sword family. I don't know what that means, but it should be some sort of hint," added Mu Xuerong.
In the fight against Luo Xiao, Mu Haiji had always been at the very front. Even the Universal War had been presided over by Mu Haiji. The one who understood Luo Xiao the most was naturally her father, so she naturally told him all the details.
"The Gu family, Xuanyue family, and Sword family …" muttered Mu Haiji as he sank into deep thought.
Mu Xuerong stood motionless, waiting. Her thoughts were faintly floating in her mind. She had lost to the same person sixteen times in a row. This was something that Mu Xuerong could not accept. As she watched Yu Taibai grow stronger and stronger, Mu Xuerong faintly felt that her father had done something wrong in the past.
He had exterminated the Luo Clan and let Yu Taibai go, leaving behind an even greater hidden danger for the Mu Clan.
She had no right to judge whether her father was right or wrong, but she couldn't help but feel this way.
"Yu Taibai's words were meant for the stowaways," said Mu Haiji indifferently.
"Stowaways?" Mu Xuerong's eyebrows jumped, a bloody light flashing in her eyes.
"Yes, one of the two stowaways from a while ago," said Mu Haiji.
Mu Haiji had started the Universal War and was aware of the existence of the ten Dao Children. He didn't know what Luo Xiao was planning to do, but he roughly understood that Luo Xiao was placing his hopes on these secondary life forms …
It was this point that made Mu Hai very puzzled.
Previously, he had thought that Luo Xiao had painstakingly nurtured these Dao Children only to deal with the Universal War, leaving the matters of the divine territory to Yu Taibai.
Later on, he realized that Luo Xiao's focus had never been on his own disciples.
This was very illogical. No matter how superior the secondary life forms in the universe were, it was a joke to place one's hopes on them.
On the contrary, Yu Taibai was now sitting on Spirit Mountain Buzhou, giving Mu Haiji an even bigger headache …
However, Luo Xiao's schemes had always been unpredictable, and Mu Haiji did not underestimate these Dao Children. Thus, when he heard that Yu Taibai had restricted the Jiang Clan's envoy and activated the 833rd law on the Governing Stone Tablet, he ordered the Mu Clan to send people to investigate.
The stowaways must have come from the Great Yan Realm and must have been one of the ten Dao Children.
In the end, the Mu Clan did not find any clues, and Mu Haiji did not pay enough attention to them. Proving Divinity … it was really hard for Mu Haiji to take them seriously.
"The Gu Clan and the Luo Clan were originally very close, so it's normal for Yu Taibai to mention the Gu Clan. However, those Dao Children should not be in the Gu Clan. It's too conspicuous," Mu Haiji calmly analyzed.
"The Xuanyue Clan and Luo Xiao don't have much interaction, so the possibility is not high …"
"The Sword Clan and the Xuanyue Clan are the same. Yu Taibai mentioned these two major floating island families just to confuse the public."
Compared to the other Sages, Mu Haiji knew more. Although he did not have many clues, he could see the essence of the matter.
"Han Jia," Mu Haiji murmured. "If I remember correctly, Aunt Han Jiu once entered the Great Yan Realm to cultivate. Even after becoming a secondary saint, she still could not forget Luo Xiao …"
"Father, are you saying that Yu Taibai's words were directed at someone in Han Jia? Who is this person? "Mu Xuerong asked again.
Mu Haiji shook his head. "Father does not cultivate the Great Yan God Dao, so naturally, I cannot calculate …"
Thinking back to the Dao Children in the Great Yan Realm, Mu Haiji hesitated. Perhaps these Dao Children were just Luo Xiao's methods to mislead him.
"No matter what, we should first investigate, then arrange for people to observe the group in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain," Mu Haiji ordered.
"But our Mu Clan is not allowed to enter Buzhou Spiritual Mountain," Mu Xuerong reminded.
"Then put a bounty on the True Divinities of the other major clans," Mu Haiji said.
Mu Xuerong nodded. Yu Taibai did not ban all the major clans. There would always be people among them who would take the risk for shenwu coins.
…
…
Compared to the other major floating islands, the eighth ranked Gu Clan's floating island was one size smaller.
The entire Gu Clan's floating island only had a few thousand people. It was the smallest of the thirty-six floating islands.
Because Gu Bei did not like to take in disciples, and the Gu Clan's heirs were not very prosperous, they generally did not accept outsiders into the Gu Clan's floating island …
After Yu Shenfeng watched Yu Taibai crush Mu Xuerong, he excitedly left the Pantheon Jade Wall. After passing through the clouds, he jumped into a unique courtyard. "Eldest Senior-apprentice Brother, Eldest Senior-apprentice Brother! Did you watch the public battle between Yu Taibai and Mu Xuerong? "
A child in the courtyard was carrying an emerald green fishing rod. A ray of light fell from the fishing rod into the water, and in the water, there was a small blue fish biting at the bait.
He was not fishing, but feeding the fish.
But Yu Shenfeng's roar scared the fish away.
"I watched!" The child glared at Yu Shenfeng, then threw the fishing rod to the side and replied unhappily.
"Yu Taibai has become stronger again, and so domineering. He's a completely different person," Yu Shenfeng sighed.
The child glanced at him and did not say anything. Yu Taibai's improvement speed was indeed out of his expectations.
"But do you think that this guy's hint in the Arena of Gods is for us to go to the Cloud Dragon Stream? This guy can't pass through the Cloud Dragon Stream alone, so he wants us to help him? "Yu Shenfeng laughed.
"Keep dreaming," the child said unhappily. He then looked down at the pond and said, "It's about to start …"
"Start what?" Yu Shenfeng heard his eldest senior brother's words and asked strangely.

Chapter 1870
Yu Shenfeng didn't quite understand, and asked, "Junior brother? That brat has already ascended to the divine realm? And even entered the floating island? "
The boy glared at Yu Shenfeng, "If junior brother really did ascend to the divine realm, wouldn't the Jiang family receive him? Do you think those Saints would let him go? Otherwise, why has Yu Taibai been targeting the Jiang family all this time? "
"That's right …" Yu Shenfeng patted his head.
Purely in terms of talent, Yu Shenfeng was actually above the eldest senior brother, but his analysis of the situation was very muddled.
Yu Shenfeng continued, "Since junior brother has already come to the floating island, why don't we find him? Watch me train him well, he'll definitely rise to the next level! "
"You think you can find junior brother? You think he's as stupid as you? So what if you managed to find him? If he's on the Gu family's floating island, can you protect him? "The boy said exasperatedly.
Gu Bei had always been roaming the boundless chaos, and hadn't returned for so many years. If Luo Zheng entered the Gu family's floating island, who could stop the Saints if they wanted to take him?
So even though Luo Zheng knew that Yu Shenfeng and Jing Wuhuan were very close to him, he had no plans to enter the Gu family's floating island!
The boy gently lifted the fishing rod with the tip of his foot and placed it on his shoulder. He made a few shushes, and a big green ox that was lying beside the pond slowly walked over. Then, he jumped up and said, "Take all the junk you've been fiddling with. Let's go!"
Yu Shenfeng was still debating whether or not to dig out his junior brother, but when he heard the eldest senior brother's words, he was stunned, "So fast, where are we going …"
"To where we should go …"
…
…
Luo Zheng exited the Pantheon Jade Wall, and saw Aunt Hanjiu staring at him with a faint smile.
Other than Luo Zheng, Aunt Hanjiu was probably the second person to understand Yu Taibai's meaning …
"How do you feel?" Aunt Hanjiu asked with a smile, but it was just a faint smile that made her seem lively.
"How can I feel?" Luo Zheng curled his lips. In reality, Luo Zheng wasn't just excited, he was also a bit depressed …
After he stepped into the divine realm, his father's plan seemed to have officially begun. He was indeed the most important person, but the problem was that he still didn't know anything about his father's plan. This was why Luo Zheng was depressed.
Hanjiu said faintly, "I didn't expect Yu Taibai to say this either. I'm afraid your plan will have to change."
According to Aunt Hanjiu's previous plan, she planned to let Luo Zheng win streak in the Arena of Gods, and obtain high points for the Purple Soul Palace, and help Han's floating island's floating.
With Luo Zheng's't't's,'s.
Yu't't, Yu directly mentioned mentioned mentioned ''s't't's.
In Yu's, it '''t ''t''s's't ''t't't''t ''s he'
"Yu '''t '''t '' '' ''s' '''s't '' ''s
Up until now, no one in the Hall of Gods knew his' 'identity. Logically, it should've been foolproof.
Aunt Hanjiu looked at the Pantheon Jade Wall. The names on the jade wall were still jumping. She said, "When the points are calculated, you'll be categorized. Han Jia will also add you in. In the end, we'll know who you are."
"Then what do I do?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's simple. In the last fight, you'll lose to Han Liusu." Aunt Hanjiu shrugged.
Giving Han Liusu a large amount of points was a reasonable way to go, but Luo Zheng suddenly said, "No, I need points to get the treasure Han Jia gave me."
"What treasure do you want?" Aunt Hanjiu smiled. She felt Luo Zheng was too stubborn. If he really needed something, why'd it be so hard to ask her?
Luo Zheng didn't like to ask for things from others, even if he knew Aunt Hanjiu's status in Han Jia.
"That Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Luan Statue, I originally wanted to accumulate points …" Luo Zheng had only spoken half of his sentence when Aunt Hanjiu interrupted him, "Wait a moment." Then, with a slight twist of her waist, she instantly disappeared before Luo Zheng's eyes.
After a few breaths of time, Aunt Hanjiu returned to the palace.
"Clang!"
The Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue fell in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue, which was taller than a person. He hadn't expected Aunt Hanjiu to bring it over before he'd even finished his sentence.
Looking at the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue, Luo Zheng's inner world once again stirred up a fierce consciousness. Its target was naturally the mud at the bottom of the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue.
"This Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue is actually a pretty good treasure. Its body is made of golden luan and can transform into the shape of ten thousand beasts at will. After refining it, you can use it to fight against lower True Gods. However, it's of little value to you. What do you want it for?" Aunt Hanjiu's eyes revealed a trace of curiosity for the first time.
"I like it …" Luo Zheng explained.
Aunt Hanjiu rolled her eyes. She didn't feel like paying attention to Luo Zheng's nonsense. She naturally knew that this Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue had secrets she didn't know about. Seeing that Luo Zheng still wanted to hide it, she didn't ask.
After Aunt Hanjiu left, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled.
The tray made of mud at the bottom of the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue was too important to him.
Before going to Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Luo Zheng had to prove his Divine Dao. Otherwise, how could he enter the Cloud Dragon Stream?
The mud at the bottom of the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue was rather big, but he didn't know if it was enough for him to successfully condense his Godhood …
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng put away the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue.
He was still participating in the cross-realm battles. If his cultivation really made a breakthrough, he would lose the qualifications to do so. Devouring this mud should be after the rankings of the floating islands were decided.
…
There were only thirteen days left until the rankings of the floating islands were decided.
During this period of time, the number of public battles in the Arena of Gods gradually increased.
Those who fought in the public battles were all Perfection True Gods from the Domain of the Gods. They were also the strongest experts on the various floating islands apart from the Sages and Quasi-sages.
The disciples of the various wealthy families were also flocking to the public battles. Almost every arena was filled to the brim …
For example, Tang Wan from the Tang family defeated Zhou Muqun from the Zhou family …
For example, Fang Henwan from the Fang family completely defeated Li Lianyi.
For example …
Luo Zheng didn't miss any of these Perfection True Gods battles. He also had a general understanding of the grudges between these wealthy families.
The wealthy families on the floating islands were roughly divided into three factions.
Among them, the wealthy families that destroyed the Luo family formed one faction. Furthermore, it was led by the Dongfang family.
The Han family and the Li family were considered independent wealthy families. Normally, they wouldn't ally with other wealthy families.
However, recently, the Han family seemed to have plans to ally with the Leng family. Han Liusu and Leng Linyue's engagement was proof. However, they didn't expect that there would be such a huge rift between the two.
As for the Xuanyue family and the Sword family, these two wealthy families ranked second and third respectively, their origins were more special. The experts on these two floating islands came from the four sacred trees.
The Domain of the Gods had four poles. They were the four supporting trees.
Under the nourishment of the Ruo Wood, Fusang Wood, Jianmu Wood, and Xun Wood, many powerhouses were born. It was said that before the Sea of Time appeared, the Four Great Divine Trees were the gathering place of powerhouses. With the appearance of the Governing Slate, the powerhouses also discovered the importance of rules. Finally, they established floating islands in the Sea of Time, attracting powerhouses from all over the world. The Sea of Time became the center of the divine territory …
What surprised everyone was that the Gu family's two Perfection True Gods didn't participate in the public battle this time.
One had to know that every time the floating islands were ranked, these two Perfection True Gods would receive the most attention. The Gu family only had a few people on their floating island. Compared to the other wealthy families, their points were definitely far behind. However, Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng were able to push the Gu family to the eighth position.
Someone once said that if Yu Shenfeng and Jing Wuhuan were placed in other wealthy families, they would be able to bring their families into the top three!
This year, Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng were nowhere to be seen. If they didn't participate in the battle, the Gu family's floating island ranking would definitely fall out of the top ten.
There were only three days left until the floating island ranking …
Luo Zheng finally entered the Pantheon Jade Wall again. When he entered his room, he saw 196 people challenging him.

Chapter 1871
Seeing this scene on the wall, Luo Zheng was speechless.
In other words, he didn't need to find an opponent on the spot. He only needed to accept the challenge. There were one hundred and ninety-six people he could choose.
"Do I really look that weak …" Luo Zheng rubbed his nose.
The one hundred and ninety-six people who challenged Luo Zheng naturally didn't think that Luo Zheng was weak.
The Hall of the Gods was a very reasonable system. Through constant adjustments to the rankings, it could accurately reflect a True God's true strength.
Of course, an anomaly like Luo Zheng was naturally not included. This was because from the first day he entered the Jade Wall of the Gods, he had never lost a single battle. His true ranking didn't exist at all. There was no record of this anonymous person in the Jade Wall of the Gods. It was just that the changes in the room placed him at ninety-sixth place.
"Since I can freely find my own opponent …"
Luo Zheng reached out and slowly moved his hand along the wall. These names were neatly arranged in front of him. Finally, his finger stopped at a name at random. Fang Xiaoyu, ranked one hundred and ninety-sixth.
The difference in strength between the top two hundred rich and powerful disciples wasn't too great.
However, in order to obtain more consecutive victories, Luo Zheng naturally chose the weakest opponent, even if the opponent wasn't really weak.
Inside the Hall of the Gods …
This contest for the floating island's ranking had reached its most intense moment.
Some rich and powerful families estimated that the points were in their favor and told their disciples to try their best not to accept challenges, so as to avoid losing points if they were defeated.
Other rich and powerful families felt that their ranking would drop, so naturally, they forced their disciples to fight in the Hall of the Gods!
The Fang family was ranked sixth on the floating island, but they were very ambitious. The Dongfang family, the Sword family, and the Xuanyue family, these three giants, were unshakable. However, if the Fang family worked hard, they had the qualifications to push the Leng family down. Therefore, the Fang family's True Gods were very active this time.
Today, Leng Yu was also looking for an opponent in the Hall of the Gods. She had already obtained four consecutive victories, and her ranking had risen from two hundred and forty-seventh to one hundred and ninety-sixth. Then, she immediately issued a challenge to the anonymous person.
The anonymous person carried a huge amount of points. If she defeated the anonymous person, her contribution to the Fang family would be about the same as the family's Great Perfection. Everyone wanted to obtain this glory and the highest reward from their family.
If he lost, he would only lose a few dozen points …
However, she also knew that the chances of the anonymous person choosing her were slim.
What she didn't expect was that Anonymous actually accepted her challenge two hours after she issued it to him this morning.
Seeing the light flickering on the wall, she was slightly stunned. Then, her face revealed a surprised and happy expression.
After a short while …
She entered the Arena of the Gods.
As the surrounding environment changed, Luo Zheng also quietly entered the Arena of the Gods. Then he saw a world filled with drizzling rain. There were countless pavilions and towers in this world, and they were completely immersed in the rain. As he breathed in gently, the unique fragrance of the rain immediately wafted into his nose.
"This world is not bad," Luo Zheng said after looking around.
He knew that one could choose the venue in the Arena of Gods. Some of the rich and powerful would choose a venue that was beneficial to them. However, in this misty world, other than having a good environment and atmosphere, there was probably no other use for it …
After a short while, Fang Xiaoyu appeared opposite Luo Zheng. Seeing the anonymous person, she smiled. "How lucky. Why did you accept my challenge?"
This woman looked gentle and had a pitiful look. Hearing her words, Luo Zheng calmly replied, "Because you are ranked the lowest."
Fang Xiaoyu smiled faintly, then shook her head. "Then I'm afraid you've chosen the wrong person."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fang Xiaoyu suddenly spread out her hand, and a drop of clear rainwater fell into her palm. This raindrop swayed gently, as if it had the power of life. It slowly jumped and attracted the raindrops around it, turning into a transparent aqua-colored dagger.
She gently waved her five fingers, and this aqua-colored dagger floated up and aimed at Luo Zheng. It began to spin continuously. At the same time, she said, "The anonymous person is most proficient in pure strength. His soul is also very strong. In addition, he has comprehended the complete Ice Soul Devil Flame. That is Sage Jiu's legacy. With these abilities … you are no match for me."
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, his face full of surprise. The only person who knew that he could use the Ice Soul Devil Flame was that fatty, Xuan Yuemu. "Xuan Yuemu told you?"
Fang Xiaoyu's beautiful eyes revealed a trace of pity. "Don't you know? That damned fatty kept this information a secret at first. Later on, he sold it for money … "
Xuan Yuemu was, after all, an expert ranked 20th. The anonymous person had accumulated a large number of points, so he naturally attracted attention. Even the elders of the rich and powerful families were willing to obtain first-hand information about the anonymous person. At first, Xuan Yuemu was too lazy to reveal it, but under the temptation of Shenwu Coins, he opened his mouth.
Roughly all the lower-level True Gods ranked in the top 200 had a copy of Luo Zheng's information. They even had an analysis of Luo Zheng's strength and weaknesses.
"You do know how to make money." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"If you are as Xuan Yuemu said," Fang Xiaoyu waved her hand lightly, and thousands of raindrops began to gather. With Luo Zheng as the center, countless water-colored short swords appeared in a radius of a thousand feet. She continued, "Then I will be very honored to end your winning streak!"
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
The water-colored short swords were like a torrential downpour, flying toward Luo Zheng from all directions …
"Even if the water in the divine territory is much more dense than the water in the universe, can it really hurt people?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
The densely packed water-colored short swords shot toward him. It was almost impossible to dodge. Luo Zheng really did not dodge and allowed these "water swords" to hit him.
"Pu pu pu pu …"
These water swords had almost no power to speak of and could not cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
However, Fang Xiaoyu still had a faint smile on her face, as if victory was in her hands.
"Hmm?"
Soon, Luo Zheng also discovered the problem.
After these water swords hit him, they turned into a puddle of rainwater. However, these rainwater did not flow along his body to the ground. Instead, they stuck to his body.
After realizing this, Luo Zheng shook his body slightly, trying to shake off the rainwater. However, he did not expect that the rainwater would stick to his body like glue and could not be shaken off …
"This water is very strange." Luo Zheng frowned slightly. After having a bad premonition, he did not delay any longer.
Previously, when he faced Xuan Yuemu, Luo Zheng had suffered a great loss. These top geniuses from wealthy families all had very special unique skills. With this thought, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed and he rushed toward Fang Xiaoyu.
"You only realized the problem now? It's a little late … "
Fang Xiaoyu stood on her tiptoes and quickly slid backward. She constantly retreated on the rain-filled street, causing waves of water to splash.
The splashes of water also turned into short swords made of rainwater and continued to shoot toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not chase her very far. The rainwater that stuck to his body was increasing. A thick layer of water covered his body and he could not shake it off. It also greatly hindered Luo Zheng's speed. How could he catch up to Fang Xiaoyu?
"Burn it for me." Luo Zheng frowned and a young flame brewed in his body. The blazing flame had just spouted out when it was extinguished in an instant!
"Li Water is the bane of all divine fires in the world, not to mention your young flame that has not yet grown." Fang Xiaoyu shook her head. "It is impossible to break free from Li Water with just strength. I want to know what ability you have to fight against me?"
As she spoke, the rainwater that hit Luo Zheng's body had already formed a water ball about ten feet in size, tightly wrapping Luo Zheng in it.

Chapter 1872
Fang Xiaoyu stood not too far away, looking at Luo Zheng with a mischievous look on her face.
Countless raindrops continued to converge, transforming into rainwater swords that shot towards Luo Zheng. The ball of water enveloping Luo Zheng also grew larger and larger...
After sizing up Luo Zheng for a while, she suddenly lowered her head and said, "Actually, if I think about it carefully, defeating you is meaningless."
Separated by a thick layer of water, Fang Xiaoyu's voice sounded somewhat hazy in Luo Zheng's ears. However, Luo Zheng also revealed a strange expression, not understanding what this woman meant.
Fang Xiaoyu slowly walked towards the large ball of water. She extended a finger and lightly tapped the edge of the ball of water. A small whirlpool appeared at the edge of the ball of water. This whirlpool constantly rotated, forming a fist-sized hollow passage that led directly to Luo Zheng's head. Her control over water had already reached the realm of perfection.
"The divine realm is so boring. It wasn't easy for a twenty-two-match winning streak to appear. It would be a pity to lose to me." Fang Xiaoyu smiled at the passage.
"Are you sure you can defeat me?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
He couldn't speak in the water, but this passage enveloped his head, so he could naturally speak.
Even if his movements were limited, this water alone couldn't kill him. It couldn't possibly drown him, right?
Fang Xiaoyu smiled. "If I have the ability to trap you, then I naturally have the ability to kill you. Let me ask you, do you want to defeat me?"
"So what if I want to defeat you?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Then tell me your true identity. Which family do you come from?" Fang Xiaoyu smiled with her hands behind her back. "If you can tell me the truth, it's not impossible for me to admit defeat …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's expression became strange again.
What were these disciples of the Realm of the Gods thinking all day long? This Fang Xiaoyu looked very normal, so why would she make such a request?
"You don't care about points?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Points? Of course I care. "Fang Xiaoyu smiled." If I defeat you, I can obtain a large amount of points. Even my big brother will have a whole new level of respect for me. But what's the use? The floating island's ranking actually doesn't have much meaning … "
Fang Xiaoyu's brother was Fang Henwan, who had obtained two consecutive victories in the open battle. This time, the Fang family's momentum was very fierce. The Fang family, which was originally ranked sixth, might be able to reach fifth or even fourth place.
"Now that I think about it, it's more interesting for an anonymous person to appear out of nowhere and remain undefeated in a battle against someone of a higher level." Fang Xiaoyu's face revealed a desolate expression. "This divine territory … is too boring."
The highest pursuit of many living beings was eternity.
From the mortals of the universe to the Divine Sea Realm, and then to the Celestial Venerables, all of them pursued a higher level of longevity and broke free from the shackles of time.
But whether it was an Empyrean with a lifespan of over a hundred million years or a mortal with a lifespan of 60 or 70 years, no one could resist time. Sooner or later, they would be killed by time. Time was the greatest enemy of all life.
However, since the beginning of the God Domain, everything had changed.
The lifespan of God's people was not short, and once they proved their Divine Dao, the meaning of their lives would be sublimated. This was a leap from "limited" to "infinite", thus completing the ultimate pursuit of all living beings!
But once this pursuit was satisfied, many living beings would lose their goal.
Luo Zheng had stepped onto the floating island from the Vast Sky Territory in a very short time, so he did not see the negative side of the God Domain …
In fact, a portion of the True Gods in the God Domain quickly fell into depression. They could build their own world, and they could experience the different flavors of life in their own world. They could easily possess everything.
One divine era was like this, two divine eras were like this, a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand … Time had lost its meaning to True Gods. Some True Gods finally understood that perhaps this was not a wonderful thing.
Many True Gods quietly passed through two or three divine eras, then chose to end their own lives by self-destruction.
Of course, even more True Gods continued to climb towards the peak of the Divine Dao, hoping to cultivate to perfection and become a Saint one day. They would then establish a floating island and become the pillar of a wealthy family.
As for Fang Xiaoyu, who was born into a wealthy family, she had an elder brother who doted on her very much. In her eyes, the God Domain, which had not changed for countless divine eras, was so boring. Thus, she was interested in anything that could exceed her expectations.
For example, this anonymous person who had won twenty-two matches in a row before her. When the anonymous person chose her, she was naturally extremely excited. At first, she wanted to snatch the points from Luo Zheng. In fact, she had made ample preparations, but now she changed her mind.
"Sorry, I can't fulfill this request of yours." Luo Zheng shook his head. It was normal for other people to have strange thoughts in their minds, but Luo Zheng had no reason or time to play with them.
Fang Xiaoyu's face revealed disappointment. "I promise I won't tell anyone …"
"Impossible." How could Luo Zheng believe a stranger's promise when it was a matter of life and death? Although, in Luo Zheng's opinion, the possibility of Fang Xiaoyu keeping a secret was very high.
"Then I can only kill you." Fang Xiaoyu raised her eyebrows slightly and threatened.
Looking at her serious expression, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. Then, he slowly raised his hand and pointed his palm at Fang Xiaoyu. "You seem to have fallen into a misunderstanding. Do you think that by trapping me with this water, you can definitely win?"
"According to the information given by Xuan Yueji, that is indeed the case," Fang Xiaoyu said seriously.
"What a naive child …" Luo Zheng sighed.
These children of wealthy families grew up in the best environment and rarely fell into mutual deception. When they truly possessed strength, they could rely on their powerful strength to crush their opponents. Those cunning tricks were indeed useless against them.
As soon as his voice fell, an invisible force appeared in front of Luo Zheng's palm. That invisible force quickly pushed away the surrounding water, and the shape of a sword slowly condensed.
Fang Xiaoyu did not care too much. She only thought that Luo Zheng had taken out an ordinary magic weapon. She sighed softly. "Then I can only make a move …"
After saying that, Fang Xiaoyu suddenly stretched out her hand and the huge water ball wrapped around Luo Zheng suddenly twisted. Black water droplets constantly formed on the surface of the huge water ball, turning into four dark turbid currents that slowly surged in the water ball, like four rapidly wriggling poisonous insects crawling toward Luo Zheng.
The Five Elements Divine Dao was a fusion of the five most common laws.
Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth were also a separate Divine Dao, such as the "Fledgling Fire Divine Dao", or the "Li Water Divine Dao" that Fang Xiaoyu cultivated.
In the eyes of many True Gods outside the Time Sea, the Li Water Divine Dao was not considered powerful. At least this Divine Dao was good at assisting others, and its power was considered low.
But in fact, after cultivating the Li Water Divine Dao to a certain level, one could cultivate several powerful divine abilities. For example, the "Spirit Devouring Turbid Current" that Fang Xiaoyu used often had a miraculous effect when facing extremely hard objects. Therefore, the stronger Luo Zheng's physical body was, the more powerful the "Spirit Devouring Turbid Current" would be.
Noticing the four black turbid currents slowly drifting toward him, Luo Zheng also felt a sense of crisis in his heart. In an instant, traces of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao's Dao Connotation escaped from his mind.
After repeated attempts, Luo Zheng was already quite proficient. The moment he activated the Infinity Ruler with the Emotion Severing Divine Dao's Dao Connotation, he removed the Dao Connotation completely!
"Buzz …"
Two golden rings were plated in his eyes.
"The Li Water Divine Dao … if cultivated to the extreme, it is indeed quite powerful …"
"This Spirit Devouring Turbid Current is actually a kind of corrosive water. It can even melt primordial treasures …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes saw through the Dao Connotation in an instant, and he constantly interpreted it …
Realizing the power of the Spirit Devouring Turbid Current, Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest!
The Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier in his inner world rapidly revolved, and a formless power quickly gushed out. The sword hilt at the end seemed to have a Maitreya Buddha, and the middle section was as wide as a wheel.
The Buddha Emperor's Sword!
The killing sword of the God Slaying Sword Formation.
Killing Fang Xiao Yu did not require the use of four swords, and now Luo Zheng had unleashed this sword.
"Whoosh!"
Because Luo Zheng only controlled a single sword, he did not need to activate the Purple Cloud Divine Dao. With a thought, this Buddha Emperor's Sword broke through the water at an extremely fast speed and shot toward Fang Xiao Yu. This Buddha Emperor's Sword was formed from power, and the Li Water did not constitute the slightest hindrance to it.
"This sword …"
At this moment, Fang Xiao Yu's eyes revealed surprise and bewilderment.
"Li Water Divine Mirror!"
Realizing that something was wrong, Fang Xiao Yu suddenly clapped her hands, and a water mirror rapidly condensed. This Li Water Divine Mirror was also an extremely powerful Divine Dao. Li Water turned into all things, and in an extremely short period of time, it could duplicate the things reflected in the mirror and then reflect them back!
"Whoosh!"
An identical Buddha Emperor's Sword also shot out from the Li Water Divine Mirror.
"Kacha …"
The two Buddha Emperor's Swords collided in the air, and both Buddha Emperor's Swords instantly dissipated.
However, Fang Xiao Yu's ability was ultimately limited, and this Li Water Divine Mirror could not perfectly duplicate the opponent's Mystical Power. The Buddha Emperor's Sword that flew out from the mirror naturally disappeared after it dissipated, and the Buddha Emperor's Sword that was controlled by Luo Zheng condensed once again.

Chapter 1873
The real Buddha Emperor Sword had blood grooves on its body, and the word "kill" was engraved on the roulette.
After killing the opponent, the blood would flow through the grooves and merge into the word "kill", combining with the surrounding divine patterns to condense even more baleful aura.
According to Aunt Han Jiu's strict requirements, Luo Zheng naturally restored all the details of the Buddha Emperor Sword, and naturally formed the word "kill" floating in the air.
Fang Xiaoyu stared at the sword in front of her in astonishment, her eyes filled with a bizarre color.
Before this, Luo Zheng had also used the Transcendence Divine Ability, but no one recognized it. After all, no one would think that a Divine Martial Artist could use the ability of a Sage.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng had used the most superficial method, and did not have a deep understanding of the Origin of Power.
"This is the Origin of Power of the Divine Dao …" Fang Xiaoyu stared blankly at the Buddha Emperor Sword in front of her. Because the power was formless, she could only faintly see an outline. At the same time, she could see her own blood flowing slowly, condensing into the word "kill".
"This is not right!" Fang Xiaoyu said softly, "The Origin of Power cannot leave the body, and even if it did, it would be destroyed by my Divine Water-Leaving Mirror, making it even more impossible to use it again. How did you do it …"
The passage that Fang Xiaoyu opened just now had disappeared, and Luo Zheng was soaked in water, unable to speak. Hearing her surprised voice, he shrugged his shoulders, and with a light flick of his index finger, the Buddha Emperor Sword had already pierced through Fang Xiaoyu's head.
"Splash …"
Fang Xiaoyu was "killed", and the Li Water surrounding Luo Zheng suddenly dispersed, rushing towards the surrounding streets like a flood. The scene was very spectacular …
However, the Li Water did not disperse, and a scale on the Immeasurable Ruler in Luo Zheng's mind emitted a faint light. He raised his hand slightly, and some of the Li Water turned into sparkling and translucent water swords that floated up.
If Fang Xiaoyu saw this scene, she would probably be so shocked that her mouth would not close.
"The Li Water Divine Dao … can only be used in an environment with water, which is why Fang Xiaoyu chose this misty environment."
"If there is no water, I would have to think of another way, and the Li Water Divine Dao's divine ability would be greatly reduced, right?"
"Huala …"
Luo Zheng's finger shook slightly, and one of the translucent water swords turned black. It was the Divine Power of the Li Water Divine Way, the "Devouring Turbid Current". Luo Zheng's finger moved slightly, and the black water sword rolled towards him. Soon after, it corroded a hole in his arm!
As expected, the Soul-Devouring Turbid Current is indeed capable of restraining various magic treasures. It's even effective against my fleshly body. No wonder she was so confident. However, this ability doesn't mean much to me. Instead, the Divine Water Mirror she used at the end was actually capable of replicating my attack, and its might was actually on par with mine.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and patted lightly, and the Li Water turned into a mirror. The Divine Li Water Mirror that he used was naturally not as good as Fang Xiaoyu's, but this divine ability could actually replicate his Buddha Emperor Sword, which indeed surprised Luo Zheng. If he cultivated the Divine Li Water Mirror to the extreme, wouldn't he be able to replicate any opponent's attack?
This was indeed an extraordinary method …
As he was thinking, the space around him slowly faded away. Luo Zheng had returned to his room, and the Divine Water Mirror naturally disappeared as well.
He did not know that the Divine Water Mirror was originally a secret of the Fang Clan. Until now, it had only been passed down to Fang Xiaoyu and Fang Henwan. Luo Zheng had been able to easily destroy the Divine Water Mirror by coincidence. Luo Zheng's Buddha Emperor Sword was very special because the Buddha Emperor Sword was formed purely from energy. After it left the body, it could only be maintained in the form of the Buddha Emperor Sword by using the Transcendence Divine Ability.
If Luo Zheng had used other divine powers, Fang Xiaoyu would have been able to control it herself. All she needed to do was to inject her own force into it. She did not have a divine power that transcended worlds. Naturally, she could not restore the Buddha Emperor Sword that had been destroyed.
Fang Xiaoyu was only ranked 196 in the Coliseum of Deities, but she had already researched him thoroughly. This really surprised Luo Zheng.
The next battle would probably not be easy to deal with. After all, he had attracted too much attention. Just as Fang Xiaoyu had said, almost everyone had bought Xuan Yueji's information. They would all use methods that targeted his strengths.
After defeating Fang Xiaoyu, Luo Zheng's additional reward went up another level. He had already accumulated 460,000 points.
"Anonymous won again!"
"He defeated Fang Xiaoyu …"
"His ranking went up by 20 places. I'm ranked 182. I have no hope of challenging him. Sigh …"
Those who challenged Luo Zheng were at least 100 places below him. Luo Zheng's ranking had jumped up by 20 places. Naturally, 20 people had lost the right to challenge him.
Mu Ning stood at a higher place and looked at Anonymous's room. Her round eyes revealed a faint murderous intent.
This time, her sister had lost to Yu Taibai without any suspense. The Mu family had to bear a certain amount of pressure. A wealthy family had more than one Great Perfection True God. Perhaps they had been affected by Mu Xuerong's crushing defeat, but the other Great Perfection True Gods had also been defeated. This was definitely not good news for the Mu family.
Now, the Mu family was ranked seventh in the Floating Island. According to the current trend, they would probably fall by a few places. If they fell out of the top ten, it would be troublesome.
"Damned Anonymous, you must remember what you said!" She was really afraid that Anonymous would not dare to challenge her. For the Mu family, she had to plunder this guy's points. However, if Anonymous did not go out, she could not do anything to him.
Han Liusu also looked indifferently at the changes in Anonymous's ranking. Based on her sharp intuition, she felt that Anonymous was very likely to be Luo Zheng. However, fighting was not allowed in the Hall of Gods, so she could not test him. Since he had said that he would challenge her after defeating Mu Ning, she was not as anxious as Mu Ning. She believed that Anonymous would do as he said.
In the Fang family's Floating Island …
After Fang Xiaoyu lost to Luo Zheng, she quickly exited the Pantheon Jade Wall.
She was an open-minded person, so she wasn't angry at all, but her eyes revealed a deep sense of doubt.
"You're out so soon today?" A gentle voice sounded.
Standing behind her was her brother, the strongest Great Perfection True God of the Fang family, Fang Henwan.
"Brother, I encountered something strange!" Fang Xiaoyu said.
Fang Henwan revealed a hint of curiosity. "Is there anything else that makes you feel strange?"
In Fang Henwan's heart, Fang Xiaoyu was smart and cute, but her temperament was too indifferent. There were not many things that could arouse her curiosity. Not to mention others, she was not even willing to go to the Ling Sun Festival held by the Blind Tribe.
"Is there anyone who can retrace their power and release it outside their body?" Fang Xiaoyu asked.
Fang Henwan smiled faintly. He stretched out his hand and lightly clapped. An invisible palm print shot out in the air. That palm print was erratic and strange, and it finally hit the wall before dissipating. "This is not very difficult. Most True Gods who mainly cultivate the Strength Divine Dao can do it, right?"
Fang Henwan did not cultivate the Strength Divine Dao, but he had already condensed nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. It was just that he could not place it into the world inside his body, so it was not difficult for him to do that.
Unexpectedly, Fang Xiaoyu shook her head. "It's not like that, Brother. The other party used his power to retrace and form a flying sword …"
Before she could finish her sentence, Fang Henwan struck out with his palm again. An invisible sword formed from the source of power shot out and hit the wall again. Fang Henwan shrugged his shoulders, "Little sister, this isn't a difficult task."
"Can't you let me finish first?!" Fang Xiaoyu glared fiercely at Fang Henwan and gestured. "After the flying sword leaves the body, it can still be freely controlled. Moreover, after it was smashed by my Divine Li Water Mirror, it can still be retraced."
Hearing this, Fang Henwan's face revealed a strange expression. He then shook his head. "This is impossible. After the power leaves the body, it can't be casually controlled. It will only weaken rapidly. Did you see wrongly? Or is it another kind of Mystical Power? But it can't be retracing power. What you said can only be done by Saints using Mystical Power. I can't do it now."
"So it's really like that?" Fang Xiaoyu smiled. "I thought I remembered wrongly. That guy really did it …"
"Who?" Seeing that his sister's expression did not seem to be joking, Fang Henwan asked suspiciously. In fact, he still doubted Fang Xiaoyu's words. Fang Xiaoyu's opponents were only lower True Gods, so it would be strange if they could really do it.

Chapter 1874
Fang Henshao had also heard about the anonymous person.
Putting aside the matter of anonymity, it was indeed a miracle to be able to achieve twenty-three consecutive victories in a battle of a higher level. There were not many people who could achieve this in the Arena of Gods.
At least, Fang Henshao could not have done it back then.
"Even if he's anonymous, it's impossible for him to do what you said." Fang Henshao reached out a hand and an invisible force condensed once again. Then, he tossed it lightly and the force began to weaken rapidly.
Once the Eight Dao Pillars were activated, it transformed into pure energy that could be stored away. If one couldn't maintain the supply of energy, it was inevitable that it would wither away. Only a world-spanning divine ability could extract energy from the body, and maintain a certain distance away from the body so that it wouldn't weaken.
"A Divine Warrior and Transcendence Mystique? I find it hard to believe … "Fang Henshao shook his head.
"Have I ever lied to you?" Fang Xiaoyu was a little angry.
"You have never lied to me. You are talking nonsense." Fang Henshao laughed.
Fang Henshao's words caused Fang Xiaoyu to punch him. Fang Xiaoyu vented her anger and said, "The shape of the sword is a little strange. The hilt is like a Maitreya Buddha and the blade is like a wheel. After seeing blood, the blood formed the word 'kill' …"
"Kill?"
Fang Henshao raised his eyebrows and said, "That is the Buddha Emperor's Sword, the Han Family's Second Sage's ultimate skill."
Aunt Han Jiu's God Slaying Sword Formation was quite famous in the divine territory. The Buddha Emperor's Sword's shape was very special. Fang Xiaoyu described it and Fang Henshao immediately got the answer.
The brother and sister looked at each other and got the answer at the same time. "Han Family!"
"The anonymous person came from the Purple Soul Palace …" Fang Henshao said calmly.
"Interesting. Finally exposed!" Fang Henshao was very calm, but Fang Xiaoyu was very excited …
…
…
After defeating Fang Xiaoyu, Luo Zheng did not rest and immediately chose his next opponent.
God's Domain's top forces were all gathered on the floating island. News spread quickly among them. Whatever methods he had used, it would spread very quickly.
His next opponent was Zhao Xun, who was ranked 176th.
Like Fang Xiaoyu, he was also very excited to be chosen by Luo Zheng, but his excitement did not last long.
This Zhao Xun cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao, and Luo Zheng had already absorbed the Five Elements Divine Dao. He tried to force Zhao Xun to use her Outer Dao Divine Art, but Zhao Xun seemed to be cultivating step by step and didn't inherit the Outer Dao Divine Art from her family. Since that was the case, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. Just when Zhao Xun thought she had the upper hand, he didn't hesitate to take out the Buddha Emperor Sword and kill her.
Twenty-four consecutive victories! 610,000 points!
To obtain nearly 150,000 points from defeating a lower True Divinity, this was already comparable to the points obtained from defeating a Great Perfection True Divinity. It was truly astonishing.
After returning to his room, Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he stretched out his finger and selected another name.
"Continue!"
As Luo Zheng continued to challenge opponents, the lower True Divinities in the Hall of Gods gradually understood the pattern of Luo Zheng's opponent selection.
When he was ranked 96th, he challenged Fang Xiaoyu, who was ranked 196th. When he was ranked 76th, he challenged Zhao Xun, who was ranked 176th. When he was ranked 57th, he challenged 157th. In other words, he would choose someone lower than himself.
This made the lower True Divinities, who were ranked higher than Luo Zheng, rather depressed. According to this pattern, the probability of Luo Zheng choosing them was too low …
After that, Luo Zheng won another three matches in a row, obtaining a 27th consecutive victory.
From the history of the Coliseum of Gods, the highest record for a person of a higher level was 27 consecutive victories. That was a record from more than 40 Divine Epochs ago. It had been quite a long time since then, but now, Luo Zheng had tied this record.
At the same time, the people in the Hall of Gods slowly understood the new ability used by the anonymous person.
"I'm one hundred percent sure that it's the Buddha Emperor Sword!"
"The ultimate skill of the Han Family's Secondary Sage, the killing sword of the God Slaying Sword Formation …"
"The God Slaying Sword Formation is very ordinary if used by others. 'Solid Sword' isn't considered a top divine ability. Using strength to create 'Virtual Sword' is the most powerful. It's also Aunt Hanjiu's greatest reliance. But if it's used with the Transmigration Divine Ability, what's there to say about a Proof of Divinity martial artist?"
"He used the Transmigration Divine Ability and used strength to create the Virtual Sword …"
"What nonsense. Can a Proof of Divinity martial artist use the divine ability of a Saint?"
After Luo Zheng took out the Buddha Emperor Sword, it was like a stone that caused a thousand ripples.
The lower True Gods who fought with Luo Zheng were not weak. The True Gods who could make it into the top two hundred were the targets that the big families focused on nurturing. Some were like Fang Xiaoyu, who was a direct descendant and had a respected status.
They had already confirmed that Luo Zheng came from Han Family.
Han Family's Purple Soul Palace was not the only martial artist who cultivated the Purple Clouds Divine Path. However, Aunt Hanjiu was the only one who knew the God Slaying Sword Formation, so it was not difficult to guess.
The problem was the Transmigration Divine Ability … In the eyes of all True Divinities, this kind of inconceivable divine ability was a Saint's unique talent. It could not appear on a Proof of Divinity martial artist. It was beyond common sense.
Therefore, there would often be arguments. The people who spoke vowed solemnly, but the people who listened did not believe them at all!
In the midst of the heated debate, Luo Zheng once again leaped forward …
Twenty-eight consecutive wins …
Twenty-nine consecutive wins …
Thirty consecutive wins …
His accumulated points had reached 1.4 million, which had already surpassed the top Upper True Divinities and even some Perfect True Divinities.
Now, the situation had become very delicate.
The big families did not like anonymous people. Like Luo Zheng, who had obtained such a huge amount of points, no matter which family he belonged to, it would affect several rankings. Facing such a disruptor, they were helpless.
After thirty consecutive wins, Luo Zheng was ranked seventeenth. This time, he chose to randomly choose his opponent.
Very unexpectedly, he was matched with Qin Tianze.
When Qin Tianze entered the Arena of Gods, he was also a little dazed. Qin Tianze was originally ranked twenty-first. After winning a match two days ago, he was now ranked nineteen. He was also eager to challenge the anonymous person. However, according to the anonymous person's choice, even if he was ranked first, he would still choose the hundredth place as his opponent. Qin Tianze was afraid that he had no hope.
He never thought that Qin Tianze would meet the anonymous person when he was randomly matched …
Qin Tianze had been defeated by Luo Zheng in the past. In the Sky Vault Clan, Qin Tianze had been thoroughly defeated.
However, in the Divine Region, it was a watershed for the disciples of big families to become Lower True Divinities. For disciples of big families like Qin Tianze, they were usually able to cultivate the top Outer Dao Remarkable Powers. Naturally, their battle strength was much stronger than ordinary True Divinities. In addition to his own talent, he easily entered the top twenty.
Luo Zheng was not interested in tangling with Qin Tianze. In a few consecutive matches, Luo Zheng took the initiative to attack. If his opponent used a Divine Path or Outer Dao Remarkable Powers that he lacked, he would activate the Infinite Ruler to absorb them. If he did not need them, he would kill them directly. He had inherited the God Slayer Sword Formation from Aunt Hanjiu, but he had not even used the Purple Cloud Divine Path. This was because controlling the Buddha Emperor Sword did not require the Purple Cloud Divine Path's Mind Control Technique.
Qin Tianze still wanted to say something, but Luo Zheng had already arrived with the Buddha Emperor Sword.
Qin Tianze's strength had indeed improved by leaps and bounds. At least, he would not be completely defeated like before. After all, his cultivation was one realm higher than Luo Zheng's. After activating the Godhood, the Remarkable Powers he displayed were indeed quite powerful.
He used the Green Wood Divine Path to produce a very unique willow branch that could actually confine the formless Buddha Emperor Sword within it.
When the Buddha Emperor Sword was obstructed, Luo Zheng did not hesitate and took out his second sword, the Long Fang Sword.
If the Buddha Emperor Sword was said to be focused on "killing," the Long Fang Sword was focused on "biting." It could often cause pure destruction to the opponent. Under the Long Fang Sword's hoarseness, Qin Tianze was quickly defeated …
However, at this time, Qin Tianze suddenly shouted, "Wait, I still have something to say …"
The two swords immediately stopped in front of Qin Tianze. Luo Zheng was a little curious. In this Arena of Gods, one would not really die. He could not possibly be begging for mercy, right?
Who knew that Qin Tianze's face was full of depression. "I wanted to say it from the beginning, but you did not give me a chance at all! Someone asked me to pass a message to you. She wants you to walk out of your room and meet her in the Hall of Gods! "
It turned out that Luo Zheng had been unwilling to leave his room. Even if the people in the Hall of Gods wanted to talk to Luo Zheng, they did not have a chance. They could only use this method to pass a message to Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng chased after Qin Tianze the moment they met, so Qin Tianze could not find a chance to speak at all.
From Qin Tianze's point of view, losing to Luo Zheng was not a big deal. However, if he delayed that person's matter, he would be in trouble!
"Did the person who asked you to pass the message predict that I would challenge you?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Of course not. However, she informed the top 130 True Gods. You will eventually challenge these people," Qin Tianze said helplessly.
"Who is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
The True Gods at the top of the rankings all had extraordinary backgrounds. Most of them were direct descendants of wealthy families. Who had such great appeal?

Chapter 1875
"Her name is Dongfang Yunzhu. She's ranked second in the Hall of Gods," Qin Tianze answered.
Dongfang Yunzhu?
Luo Zheng had seen this name before, but he didn't pay much attention to it.
Currently, the top three in the Hall of Gods were Mu Ning, Dongfang Yunzhu, and Han Liusu.
All three of them were women, but they dominated the top three. This was something that had never happened before.
The Dongfang family was also targeted by Yu Taibai, and they were ranked first in the floating island. However, Luo Zheng hadn't met a True God with the surname "Dongfang" among the lower True Gods.
Logically speaking, if the Dongfang family could be ranked first, they must have a lot of points. However, Luo Zheng had fought his way up from the bottom of the Hall of Gods and hadn't met a single True God.
"Why is she looking for me?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. He didn't know this woman at all.
Qin Tianze shook his head helplessly. "Anyway, I've already passed on the message. If there's anything, go find her yourself. I admit defeat …"
After the battle, Luo Zheng finally pushed open the door to his room.
From here, he could look down on the huge Hall of Gods. He watched the spiral-like rooms spiral down. Now, he was almost at the top.
Every time Luo Zheng opened the door, there would always be a group of people gathered outside. This time, he was very surprised.
Some True Gods just stared at him silently. They didn't come close, including Han Liusu and Mu Ning. They just watched from afar. However, there was a woman with a calm expression standing on one side of his room.
The woman's face was covered by a light blue veil, and only half of her face could be seen. The pair of eyes that were exposed reflected a faint sharp light. Just one look from her eyes seemed to be pregnant with countless words. It was a pair of eyes that could speak.
"You've finally come out," she said.
"You're Dongfang Yunzhu?" Luo Zheng asked.
She smiled faintly and nodded.
Dongfang Yunzhu rarely came to the Hall of Gods. This time, she heard about the anonymous person as soon as she entered. However, the anonymous person didn't go out at all, so she had no chance to meet him.
Her position on the floating island was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
Just like what Qin Tianze said, she only needed one sentence, and all the children of the rich and powerful families dared not disobey. Therefore, the first thing Qin Tianze did was not to seriously fight with Luo Zheng, but to pass on Dongfang Yunzhu's words.
Otherwise, Qin Tianze wouldn't have been defeated so quickly …
"Do you also want to challenge me?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
Although the other party came from the number one floating island, Luo Zheng didn't have a good impression of the Dongfang Clan either.
This was because the Dongfang family was also on Yu Taibai's list. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, these eight or nine families belonged to the same faction, and the Dongfang family was the most prosperous among them. This family was his enemy, not his friend.
Dongfang Yunzhu shook her head. "I'm not interested in your points."
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I heard that you seem to have mastered the Buddha Emperor Sword of the God Slaying Sword Formation. You should have inherited it from Purple Soul Palace's Aunt Han Jiu, right? Although I don't know how you used the third stage of power tracing, you are indeed qualified, "Dongfang Yunzhu said.
"What qualifications?"
"You are qualified to join my Dongfang family." Dongfang Yunzhu stared at Luo Zheng. Her tone was surprisingly firm, as if letting Luo Zheng join was a simple matter.
Not far away, Mu Ning and Han Liusu frowned slightly. Some of the other children of the wealthy families also showed a trace of displeasure.
The Dongfang family was still as domineering as ever …
When Luo Zheng took out the Buddha Emperor Sword, plus the strange request Luo Zheng made when Yu Taibai appeared, Han Liusu was about ninety percent sure of Luo Zheng's identity.
Luo Zheng was currently in Aunt Jiu's palace, and he had just used the Buddha Emperor Sword recently. Plus, there were some other characteristics that were circulating. How could Han Liusu not be sure?
But since Luo Zheng didn't admit it, Han Liusu couldn't take the initiative to say anything. Besides, there was always a slight possibility that it was a coincidence.
"No." Luo Zheng was a bit helpless to find him out of his room because of this.
Although Luo Zheng rejected Dongfang Yunzhu, she wasn't angry at all. She continued, "For many people, this is a great opportunity. You don't have to give it up."
"I've already joined another floating island. I won't change places." Luo Zheng still shook his head.
"The Dongfang family will naturally take care of the Han family. You don't have to worry about anything else." Dongfang Yunzhu smiled.
Han Liusu's face also showed anger. She knew that the anonymous person belonged to the Han family, but Dongfang Yunzhu still wanted him with such fanfare. That was too much. All of the children of the floating islands were quite afraid of the Dongfang family. This was because they were taught to provoke the Sword family and the Xuanyue family, but they must never offend the Dongfang family!
Over time, these children of the rich and powerful families would take a detour around the Dongfang family. If it wasn't necessary, they wouldn't directly clash with them.
But now, Han Liusu couldn't take it anymore. Dongfang Yunzhu didn't put the Yun family in her eyes. She took a few steps forward. Behind her, Mu Ning sneered and said, "You want to meddle in other people's business?"
"So what if I do?" Han Liusu said coldly.
"You know that the Dongfang family has always been like this. There's no reason in their eyes." Mu Ning sneered.
The Mu family and the Dongfang family had a good relationship, but rather than an alliance, it was more like a relationship between superiors and subordinates. In the Holy Halls, the Saints of the rich and powerful families also had disputes. In these years, the Dongfang family had the absolute advantage. Other than the Xuanyue family and the Sword family, the other rich and powerful families didn't have the right to clash with the Dongfang family.
Han Liusu snorted. She could tolerate other things, but this was the only thing she couldn't tolerate.
But before she could say anything, Luo Zheng said stiffly, "I said this has nothing to do with the Han family!"
Who knew that Dongfang Yunzhu still had that indifferent expression. "Whether or not you join the Dongfang family has nothing to do with you."
Although Dongfang Yunzhu had always been polite and didn't have an overbearing attitude, her words didn't seem to take Luo Zheng's original intentions seriously. The Dongfang family could indeed force the Han family to join them. Even if the Han family's Saint Emperor was unwilling, if the Dongfang family was determined to do it, the Han family couldn't refuse.
The Saints were also divided into ranks. The Han family's Saint Emperor was an extremely powerful existence among the Saints, but no matter how powerful he was, he couldn't compare to Luo Xiao back then … Luo Xiao was a living example of disobeying them. No matter which rich and powerful family it was, they would have to consider it carefully.
Luo Zheng stared at Dongfang Yunzhu's beautiful eyes. In her indifferent expression, Luo Zheng saw naked contempt.
Not to mention that Luo Zheng had already joined the Purple Soul Palace, even if he hadn't stepped onto the floating island, he still wouldn't agree to such an invitation. After about three breaths of time, Luo Zheng chuckled. "I don't know if I wasn't straightforward enough, or if your brain isn't good enough to understand, but if that's the case, I can only tell you one word."
"What?" Dongfang Yunzhu asked.
"Scram!" Luo Zheng said, then went into his room without looking back and closed the door with a bang.
The top floor of the Hall of the Gods was silent …
They had already forgotten how many years it had been. The Dongfang family had gradually risen and occupied the number one position on the floating island, almost becoming the overlord of the rich and powerful families. All the Dongfang family's disciples were respected more than ordinary True Gods. All these years, everyone had been careful, and no one dared to insult the Dongfang family to their face.
But the anonymous person actually scolded Dongfang Yunzhu without any hesitation.
Offending the Dongfang family meant that he didn't have the right to stay on the floating island …
They naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng had already planned to leave the floating island after receiving Yu Taibai's hint.
Mu Ning's eyes revealed surprise. She didn't think that the anonymous person would be so bold.

Chapter 1876
Dongfang Yunzhu stood there without moving. There seemed to be a suppressed flame in her eyes.
She was just a lobbyist for the family …
The wealthy families of the floating island were arranged like a pyramid. The top three wealthy families were far stronger than the average wealthy family. They were in a dominant position.
Only the top three wealthy families had the right to ask for people from other wealthy families. The average wealthy family wouldn't refuse.
If they wanted to target certain wealthy families, they could suppress them.
The "Qian family" was suppressed like this. Back then, the Qian family offended the Dongfang family. They didn't have a direct conflict, but in the Arena of Gods, the Dongfang family worked with the other wealthy families to suppress the Qian family. The Qian family, originally ranked 13th, quickly fell out of the rankings. According to the rules, the Qian family could only move out of the sea of time and watch their floating island fall into the sea …
Because of this, the top three wealthy families actually had a dominant position in the sea of time.
Dongfang Yunzhu stood in front of Luo Zheng's room for a while before turning to leave. Just as she was about to return to her room and leave the Hall of Gods, Mu Ning smiled and said, "He shouldn't be a member of the Han family. People from the grassroots are always disobedient."
Dongfang Yunzhu glanced at Mu Ning indifferently. Mu Ning took a step back. She was afraid that Dongfang Yunzhu would vent her anger on her. Dongfang Yunzhu then said, "You're right. He belongs to the Han family. He shouldn't belong to the Han family. It's useless to threaten such an arrogant person …"
She then turned to look at Han Liusu. "Tell your family's elders to hand over the anonymous person."
Han Liusu was already very angry with Dongfang Yunzhu. She didn't care about the Han family at all. Hearing this, she replied coldly, "Why?"
"Because of the Dongfang family. That's enough," Dongfang Yunzhu said.
"But the anonymous person doesn't necessarily belong to the Han family!" Han Liusu argued.
Thinking of the Dongfang family's powerful influence in the sea of time, Han Liusu had to say this. She had to consider the entire Han family.
"Aunt Han Jiu should know whether he belongs to the Han family or not." Dongfang Yunzhu shook her head. "Forget it. It's useless to tell you. Just find a time to come and ask for him personally."
Then, Dongfang Yunzhu gently pushed open the door to her room and disappeared.
The disciples at the top of the Hall of Gods all lowered their heads and whispered to each other. No one thought that Han Jia would offend the Dongfang family because of this anonymous person.
Everyone believed that the anonymous person came from Han Jia because of the God-Slaying Sword Formation Luo Zheng had used. However, this was not certain. Moreover, Han Jia might not even know about it.
However, after these people discussed for a while, they all returned to their rooms.
Since Luo Zheng had randomly challenged Qin Tianze, he might choose to randomly challenge Qin Tianze again. No one wanted to miss such an opportunity …
…
…
Spirit Heart Palace …
Han Liusu also came out of the Pantheon Jade Wall. After tidying herself up, she quietly headed deeper into the Spirit Heart Palace.
They followed a quiet path to the end.
At the end of the path was a teleportation platform. Below the platform stood six armored guards. When they saw a figure approaching, one of the guards took a few steps forward and shouted, "This is the Han Family's forbidden area. Ordinary people are not allowed to enter!"
When Han Liusu was close enough, the guard finally recognized her. "It's the eldest princess!"
"Greetings, Eldest Princess!"
The guards bowed one after another.
"Eldest Princess, the Holy Emperor is not seeing anyone during this time. If there's nothing important …" the guard said softly.
They were guarding the Han Clan's Saint Emperor's palace. This palace was located in the center of the floating island and could only be accessed through the teleportation array. Last time, Aunt Han Jiu had tried to force her way in. These guards were loyal to their duty and had even suffered at the hands of Aunt Han Jiu. It could be considered an injustice.
"I have an important matter to discuss with father," Han Liusu said calmly.
"But …" The guard still wanted to argue.
Han Liusu was too lazy to argue with them. She walked towards the teleportation platform. The guards did not dare stop her.
She circled around the teleportation platform, and a faint blue light flashed from the teleportation platform. Her figure sank into it and disappeared in front of the guards.
Not long after, Han Liusu entered the floating island of Han Jia.
A huge palace appeared in front of her.
Ever since Han Liusu had returned from the Forbidden Land of God, she had not had many opportunities to see her father. Even when she did, his attitude was much calmer than before. Han Liusu did not know why.
Inside the palace, a middle-aged man in luxurious robes sat in an empty hall. He seemed to have entered a meditative state. He was Han Jia's Holy Emperor, Emperor Hanqing.
"Father."
After entering the palace, Han Liusu bowed politely.
Emperor Hanqing opened his eyes and glanced at her. "What is it, Liusu?"
"There are some things I wish to report to you about in the Arena of Gods," she said.
Emperor Hanqing smiled faintly. "Liusu should not interfere in these matters."
"Liusu knows, but what Liusu says might affect Han Jia's floating island ranking," Han Liusu said seriously.
"Speak …" Emperor Hanqing nodded.
"Does Imperial Father know that recently in the Arena of Gods, a martial artist who has proven himself as a Divinity has appeared?" Han Liusu asked.
Emperor Hanqing nodded.
The Holy Emperors did not pay much attention to the Arena of Gods, but whenever the floating islands were ranked, they would still ask. After all, the floating island ranking was very important to every powerful family.
That anonymous cultivator's points were enough to change the ranking. Naturally, someone had reported to him. Emperor Hanqing had indeed heard of this anonymous cultivator.
"If I'm not wrong, the anonymous cultivator should be someone from Han Jia, and someone from the Purple Soul Palace," Han Liusu said. Luo Zheng's figure involuntarily appeared in her mind.
"What? Something like that happened? "Emperor Hanqing's face revealed a rare look of surprise.
The person who had reported to him had not mentioned this. After all, Luo Zheng had not revealed the Buddha Emperor's Sword. Han Liusu had been in the Hall of Gods, so she had received the news firsthand.
"Yes, he seems to have cultivated Aunt Jiu's God Slaughtering Sword Formation. What's strange is that he uses the Void Sword," Han Liusu said.
"Void Sword? That's impossible. "Qing Emperor shook his head. He was a Saint himself, and he knew that Proving Gods couldn't use Crossing Worlds. Ordinary Gods could use their powers to create Virtual Swords, but they couldn't use them to form Sword Formations. Without the support of Crossing Worlds, the Virtual Swords couldn't leave their hands.
Han Liusu was not in the mood to convince her father. That was not important. Han Liusu continued to say, "He has won thirty-one times in a row. His points should be around one million six hundred thousand."
"Oh! That's higher than Han Tianxiao's points? "
Han Tianxiao was a Paragon, and he was the leader of the Han family. His Arena of Gods points was only one million two hundred and sixty thousand. Not long ago, he had lost a public battle.
Emperor Hanqing looked happy. If such a powerful young man came from the Han family, it would be their good fortune.
"But today, Dongfang Yunzhu suddenly appeared in the Hall of Gods. She asked for an anonymous person to join the Dongfang family," Han Liusu said.
When she said that, Emperor Hanqing's smile disappeared. He was not afraid of a little girl like Dongfang Yunzhu, but if the Dongfang family had sent Dongfang Yunzhu, it meant the Dongfang family had taken notice of the anonymous person.
"What did the anonymous person say?" Emperor Hanqing asked.
"He told her to piss off," Han Liusu said flatly. She was smiling.
Emperor Hanqing frowned. "Then why have you come today?"
"I beg you, father. If the Dongfang family comes to ask for someone, can you refuse?" Han Liusu said seriously. Ever since she was young, her father had always listened to her. She hoped this time, he would agree.
Emperor Hanqing was silent for a long time, then sighed heavily. "Actually, there has been a huge hidden worry bothering father and the Han family these past few years. Liusu, you are still young, so father doesn't want you to worry. If the anonymous person really is from the Han family, then father probably won't be able to refuse if the Dongfang family comes to ask for you."
"Why? Why would someone like that contribute so much to the Han family? "Han Liusu's voice rose a few octaves.

Chapter 1877
In the past year, the Han Clan's Saint Emperor had done a few things that confused many in the clan.
Becoming enemies with the Qin Clan …
In order to curry favor with the Leng Clan, he even sent the eldest princess out for a marriage alliance.
This time, he actually agreed to Han Tianxiao's request to disband the Purple Soul Palace!
What they didn't know was that the person who forced Aunt Han Jiu to disband the Purple Soul Palace was Emperor Han Qing himself. Han Tianxiao was only acting on his orders.
So that day, after Aunt Han Jiu and Han Tianxiao had an intense argument, she went to find Emperor Han Qing and silently returned to the Purple Soul Palace …
The rules of the Sea of Time weren't unchanging. Over countless epochs, the rules of the Governing Slate had been constantly increasing and changing.
Not every rich and powerful family had the ability to modify the Governing Slate.
The Shenwu Coins that Han Jia had accumulated over countless years were only enough to slightly change a few words on the Governing Stone Tablet and make a small change to the rules.
But when the Dongfang Clan made a move, they could often overturn a certain rule.
Of course, because of the restrictions of the Sacred Halls, the rules couldn't be changed carelessly. Every time a rule was changed, it was usually the result of many parties competing.
Moreover, if they wanted to change a rule that greatly benefited the Dongfang Clan — for example, only the Dongfang Clan's floating island could exist in the Sea of Time — this kind of overbearing rule would require an astronomical amount of shenwu coins. Even the Dongfang Clan couldn't afford it.
But this time, the Dongfang Clan was about to make a move, and they'd already obtained the tacit approval of the Xuanyue Clan and the Sword Clan.
Dongfang Clan, Mu Clan, Leng Clan … Zhao Clan, Liu Clan, Qin Clan. The Nine Great Clans' alliance was led by the Dongfang Clan. The Sacred Halls weren't ruled by the Dongfang Clan alone, but they had nine seats. Apart from that, the Mu Clan and the Zhou Clan were close, while the Zhao Clan and the Fang Clan and the Tang Clan had good relations …
Because of this, the Dongfang Clan could control the Sacred Halls to a certain extent.
If the other independent clans, like the Han Clan, went against the Dongfang Clan, they'd be going against the entire Sacred Halls!
As long as the Dongfang Family's rules were approved by the Xuanyue Family and the Sword Race, it was equivalent to the Saint Halls approving it. This time, the Dongfang Family came aggressively, changing the rules would have a far-reaching impact on all the powerful families.
In order to protect the Han Clan's position, Emperor Han Qing had no choice but to lower his head.
Emperor Hanqing didn't want to explain these things to his daughter.
"You're still young, there are some things you'll understand in the future. To be able to win thirty-one times in a row, you've already surpassed my father in the past. You'll definitely have a bright future, but if the Dongfang Clan wants you, let them take you away …" Emperor Hanqing said calmly.
Emperor Hanqing didn't take this matter too seriously.
First of all, there was a high chance that the anonymous person was from the Han Family. Now, Emperor Han Qing was trying to please the Leng Family in order to join the Wealthy Families Alliance. If the Dongfang Family had such a request, he could go with the flow.
What's more, there were only a few days until the new ranking of the floating islands. Even if the Dongfang Clan came to ask for him, they wouldn't be in such a hurry. They didn't care about points, so who could shake the Dongfang Clan's position?
Anonymous had helped Han Jia earn a lot of points, and then he would return the favor to the Dong Fang family. To Emperor Han Qing, this was the perfect ending. He was happy to see this happen.
Of course, he didn't know what Han Liusu was thinking. He also didn't know that Han Liusu had already met Anonymous in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement and even had feelings for him. He also didn't know that Anonymous was Luo Xiao's son.
Father's words were completely out of Han Liusu's expectations. She stared at Emperor Han Qing and said, "Father, how can you use people like this?"
Han Liusu was still rather naive. In her opinion, Anonymous had contributed a lot to Han Jia, so Han Jia had to return the favor. Since Luo Zheng didn't want to go to the Dongfang Clan, Han Jia would protect Anonymous.
Whether or not Anonymous was Luo Zheng, they had to do this.
In Han Liusu's eyes, her father's actions were very utilitarian.
"But …" Han Liusu wanted to argue, but Emperor Han Qing waved his hand. "You don't have to worry about this. Han Tianxiao will take care of it. Father, I heard you had a conflict with the Leng Clan's child?"
"Yes!" Other than Anonymous, Han Liusu also wanted to talk about the marriage with Leng Lin Yue. She didn't expect him to bring it up first.
"Leng Lin Yue is also very outstanding. This marriage is very important to our Han Jia. Let Han Tianxiao take you to the Leng Clan and you can apologize to Leng Lin Yue …" Emperor Han Qing said.
Han Liusu had never thought about marrying Leng Lin Yue.
She was filled with helplessness before, but she had always been obedient and didn't go too far. Now that she met Luo Zheng again, how could she be willing?
She thought she was the apple of her father's eye, but in the end, she was just a bargaining chip. She felt sad and her expression grew colder and colder. She stared at Emperor Han Qing and said, "Father, I don't want to marry that person."
Emperor Han Qing didn't seem to notice Han Liusu's mood. He continued, "Leng Lin Yue is also very outstanding. Although he can't compare to your brother Cang Yan, with the Leng Clan's nurturing, he will definitely reach perfection …"
Emperor Hanqing was still mumbling to himself when Han Liusu interrupted him. She asked in a voice full of grief and indignation, "In Imperial Father's eyes, Liusu is only something used to curry favor with the Leng Clan. So Liusu is only worth this much?"
Emperor Han Qing was startled by his daughter's question.
Even if Han Liusu was his daughter, in a place as high as the hierarchy of the floating island, she could not question him like this. Moreover, he was the Saint Emperor of the Han Family. This was an extremely overbearing action.
Emperor Han Qing didn't have many children, especially his daughters, Han Liusu and Han Chuyue. If it was some other Saint Emperor with many children, they would be severely punished.
A trace of anger appeared on his face as he coldly shouted, "Impudent!"
"Yes, I am impudent!" Han Liusu was very stubborn. "If father really wants to force me to marry that guy, why don't you just kill me with your own hands?"
"You think father wouldn't dare?" Emperor Han Qing's eyes shone with a sharp light. An invisible aura spread out.
Most of the time, a Saint would conceal his presence, so he looked like an ordinary True God. How powerful was a Saint's presence? When he released his presence, Han Jia's floating island began to tremble slightly.
Just one look was enough to kill Han Liusu a thousand times, no, ten thousand times …
But as soon as that aura spread out, Emperor Hanqing retracted it.
Saints had gone through countless cycles of life and death. Their control over their emotions had reached the pinnacle.
In the end, he controlled his anger and sighed. "You can leave now. We'll talk about this another day …"
"I'll make it clear today!" Han Liusu looked like she was going to throw caution to the wind.
But Emperor Han Qing only waved his hand, and an invisible force spread out. Han Liusu couldn't help but retreat. She was pushed out of the palace by the force, and the palace's doors slammed shut.
Han Liusu's body was still trembling. It took her a while to calm down. Then she thought of Aunt Han Jiu and slowly left.
…
…
Within the Arena of Gods …
Luo Zheng stood on a blood-red plain.
When Yu Taibai had challenged Mu Xuerong, they'd used this exact setting.
After winning thirty-two consecutive battles, Luo Zheng had accumulated 1.85 million points, far exceeding Aunt Han Jiu's requirements.
As promised, he accepted Mu Ning's challenge.
Not far away, Mu Ning slowly walked over. Her perfectly shaped eyes held a faint smile. "It looks like we'll be on the same side in the future?"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"In the future, you'll have to join the Dongfang family. Our Mu family and the Dongfang family are of the same breath and branch. Naturally, we'll be on the same side," Mu Ning continued.
"Who's on the same side as you?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"Being chosen by the Dongfang family is a supreme honor. Many True Gods would love to join them, but they can't refuse. Dongfang Yunzhu's position in the Dongfang family isn't ordinary. Offending her isn't a good thing," Mu Ning said.
"You're going to be a lobbyist?" Luo Zheng asked.

Chapter 1878
What was the Dongfang family's attitude towards Anonymous? How would Han Jia deal with him?
This had nothing to do with Mu Ning. Her goal was Anonymous's points.
Normally, no one would covet Anonymous's points too much, because the floating island rankings changed once every few decades. Even if they stole Anonymous's points, they would become the target of others.
Although Mu Ning was ranked first among the lower True Gods, who could guarantee that she would not be defeated?
In the end, the high number of points would be slowly diluted by the battles …
But it was different now. The floating island rankings were about to be decided, and she had already completed three compulsory battles this month. If she won, Anonymous would guarantee that all the points would be with her, which would be equivalent to the Mu family having another Perfect Saint. At that time, her points would be even higher than her sister Mu Xuerong's.
The key was to defeat the anonymous person in front of her. For this battle, Mu Ning had made ample preparations.
The power that spread out from her body contained two different kinds of power …
One was the Killing God Dao.
Most of the Divine Daos in the rich and powerful families were basically the Five Elements Divine Daos.
But the Mu family was different. Mu Haiji's Killing God Dao was the Killing God Dao, and the Mu family cultivated it the most.
Mu Xuerong was the same, and so was Mu Ning …
But Mu Ning was slightly different from her sister. When she attained the Divine Dao, she comprehended another Divine Dao, the Life Divine Dao.
At that time, Mu Ning was somewhat confused. There were many children of wealthy families who comprehended several Divine Daos at the same time, but in the end, they would focus on one Divine Dao, and the others would only be supplementary. But when Mu Ning condensed her godhead, she unexpectedly condensed an extremely rare dual godhead!
That godhead was split into two from the middle. The left one was blood red, and the right one was green. One godhead emitted two completely different auras …
When her father, Mu Haiji, found out about this, he went to the Life Divine Dao's dao tablet to study it. Then, he combined his own Killing God Dao with the Life Divine Dao to create an outer dao ability suitable for Mu Ning to cultivate.
The Divine Dao of Death and the Divine Dao of Life were originally like water and fire, two absolute extremes. However, Mu Haiji had immersed himself in the Divine Dao of Death for countless Divine Epochs and had managed to perfectly blend the two together. Moreover, he was certain that in the future, when Mu Ning's cultivation reached a certain level, she would definitely surpass her older sister, Mu Xuerong.
Now, Mu Ning had indeed obtained first place amongst the lower True Divinities. After defeating Han Liusu, she hadn't tasted defeat for several months.
"Phew …"
As the red and green light spread out, it was as if all living things on the blood-red plains were coming back to life. Vigorous vitality rushed towards Luo Zheng, and black and red plants broke out of the ground. These plants, which were originally born from the divine dao of life, emitted a strong aura of slaughter, as if they were plants that grew in the Abyss of Demons …
"It's about time …"
Mu Ning's eyes slightly blinked, and the ponytail behind her swayed gently. Her body brimming with vitality was like a little deer in the forest. Under the constant bouncing, she pounced towards Luo Zheng with a black dagger in her hand!
"Whoosh!"
The black dagger seemed to cut through space, and in an instant, it slashed towards Luo Zheng.
The first time the two exchanged blows, they were both probing each other. Luo Zheng didn't bring out the Buddha Emperor's Sword, but instead dodged to the side.
"Shua shua shua shua shua!"
Mu Ning slashed out seven or eight times, but all of them were dodged by Luo Zheng's nimble movements. Every time she slashed out, a wave of blood would rise behind Luo Zheng. It was the same divine ability that Mu Xuerong had used to deal with Yu Taibai.
"Do you only know how to run?" Mu Ning's eyes revealed a trace of impatience.
Those who cultivated the Killing God Dao would often be affected by it, and they would enjoy the feeling of crazily killing. Mu Xuerong was like this, and Mu Ning was no exception. However, Luo Zheng didn't directly confront her. Her seven or eight strikes had all landed on empty space, making her abnormally irritated.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, and his hand shot out like lightning, wanting to snatch away Mu Ning's black dagger!
"Childish!"
Mu Ning's face revealed a cold smile, and the black dagger suddenly flicked.
"Desolate Blood Destruction Bite!"
As her voice fell, a blood snake shot out from the dagger. This blood snake was actually formed by the dagger, and the snake head turned around to bite Luo Zheng's arm.
Even though Luo Zheng's speed of retreat was quite fast, he was still bitten by the blood snake. Mu Ning didn't take advantage of the situation to pursue him. Instead, she stood in place and looked at Luo Zheng with a face full of pity. As Luo Zheng retreated, blood continued to gush out from his arm!
Luo Zheng retreated more than a hundred feet, and the blood on his arm crazily splashed out, forming a golden ribbon of blood on the ground.
When he stopped, he raised his arm and looked at it. There was no wound where the blood snake had bitten. Instead, there was a unique blood-red circular mark. In the middle of the blood-red circular mark, there was a small triangular hole. His blood was flowing out from this small hole.
This small hole should have been bitten by the blood snake, but when did this circular mark appear?
With Luo Zheng's powerful Qi and blood, this small wound healed almost in the blink of an eye. However, when he retreated, this small wound not only didn't heal, but also formed a strange force that constantly drew out the blood in his body.
What was strange was that when he stopped, his blood was no longer being drawn out …
"Continue to run?"
Mu Ning faintly smiled, and suddenly slashed out a blood red sword light from more than a hundred feet away.
"Huala …"
The sword light instantly turned into a blood red wave, covering the sky and covering the earth as it rolled towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was forced to retreat ten feet to the side, but just as he began to move, the blood on his arm crazily splashed out again, leaving behind another ten feet long bloodstain.
"Don't you understand?" Mu Ning faintly smiled, "I overestimated your strength. You were bitten by the Bloody Desolation Bite so quickly. As long as you move, the blood in your body will gush out from the wound until the last drop of blood in your body is sucked out!"
The Killing God Dao had the "Bloody Desolation" magical ability. No matter what kind of defense the opponent took, the "Bloody Desolation" would always cause the most terrible wound to the opponent, and the wound was very difficult to heal.
However, after Mu Haiji helped Mu Ning merge the Killing God Dao and the Life Divine Dao, he seemed to have a new understanding of the Life Divine Dao and helped Mu Ning create this "Bloody Desolation Bite". This kind of wound simply couldn't be healed, and as long as the wound moved, it would trigger the power of the mark and frantically draw out the opponent's blood.
"Interesting Outer Dao Magical Ability …" Luo Zheng faintly smiled, "If I don't move, wouldn't this move be useless?"
After saying that, he actually sat down cross-legged …
"You really think you're smart!" Mu Ning coldly smiled, "I just want to know if you don't move, how many times can you last in my hands …"
Before she finished speaking, she saw that Luo Zheng's front, back, left, and right were constantly producing power fluctuations. The power source was quite heavy, constantly distorting the space around him. Not long after, four invisible long swords were rapidly formed.
Among them, the Buddha Emperor Sword, the Heavenly Fang Sword, and the Long Vine Sword were placed horizontally in front of his chest, while the Double Sun Sword was constantly circling around Luo Zheng's head, completely protecting him.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said, "I just want to know if I don't move, can I kill you?"
"The God Slaying Sword Array, you've really mastered it …" Mu Ning's eyebrows slightly raised, and her expression revealed a look of vigilance.
Without waiting for Mu Ning to finish speaking, Luo Zheng gently waved his hands and used the Mind Control Technique of the Purple Cloud Divine Dao. The Buddha Emperor Sword and the Heavenly Fang Sword were like twin stars shuttling back and forth in the starry sky, intertwining and spiraling up and down, shooting toward Mu Ning.
The Long Vine Sword quietly drilled into the ground. When it drilled out in the next moment, the Long Vine Sword had already transformed into invisible vines of power from its blade, entangling toward Mu Ning!
The God-slaying Sword Formation had four swords as one. The Long Vine Sword was mainly for "entanglement." Its purpose was to entangle the opponent and then kill him with the Buddha Emperor Sword or the Heavenly Teeth Sword. As for the Chongyang Sword that was circling around Luo Zheng, it was used to protect the original body.
This was the first time Luo Zheng used the complete God Slaying Sword Array to fight against an enemy. As he controlled the four swords with his mind, he once again used his Taoist Connotation to activate the Infinite Ruler in his mind. The golden rings in his eyes suddenly appeared, and he looked at the wound on his arm.

Chapter 1879
Mu Ning thought that after Luo Zheng was hit by the Bloody Desolation Bite, she would be invincible.
She never thought that she would be in danger in the next moment …
"The rumor is true." This thought flashed through her mind.
No wonder the Dongfang Family was so eager to take Luo Zheng in. This ability could only be used after the universe was built. If this speculation was true, could there be a universe in the anonymous person's body?
Of course, this was impossible …
However, it must mean that the anonymous person's internal world was very special. At least, this was the first time in countless Divine Epochs that something like this had happened.
Perhaps the Dongfang Family did not fancy the anonymous person's talent and brought him in to study him.
The Long Vine Sword's movement was very strange. The invisible vines wrapped around Mu Ning. Mu Ning was using all her skills!
"Vanishing Shadow Escape!"
Mu Ning's eyes were filled with blood. Her speed had suddenly increased by more than twofold.
Although the vines released by the Long Vine Sword were dense, she was still like a flexible butterfly. She floated in an unpredictable trajectory and shuttled back and forth. The Buddha Emperor Sword and Heavenly Fang Sword followed closely behind.
In just two or three breaths of time, Mu Ning was already surrounded by danger. The Buddha Emperor's Sword had almost hit her head, and the Heavenly Fang Sword had left a bloody wound on her arm!
As for Luo Zheng, he focused most of his attention on the wound on his arm and did not use all his strength to control the four swords.
If he used all his thoughts to control the God-Slaying Sword Array, Mu Ning would be in even more pain.
If he absorbed the Bloody Desolation Bite and left a mark on his opponent, he could use the Buddha Emperor Sword to chase after his opponent. Wouldn't his opponent be running to death?
"However, this ability seems to be more complicated. It should be an extra-dao ability of two Divine Daos …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with golden light. The light on the Infinite Ruler jumped back and forth on the scale.
After a while …
The light split into two halves on the scale. One of the light stopped on the Divine Dao of Life. Luo Zheng had absorbed the Divine Dao of Life in the Heaven-containing Palace, but the Divine Dao of Life in the Bloody Desolation Bite was an extra-dao ability.
The second dot of light stopped on another scale. On that scale, there was a small red bloodstain. It was the God-Slaying Dao.
"Blood is the foundation of the power of life. The Divine Dao of Life best understands the composition of living beings … The Divine Dao of Death is the ultimate Dao of Slaughter. The person who fused these two together is indeed very smart." Luo Zheng continued to decipher the Dao within, sighing slightly in his heart. To be able to fuse two completely contradictory existences into one, it indeed required an extraordinary mind. There were indeed too many outstanding geniuses in the Realm of the Gods.
Naturally, he didn't know that the Bloody Desolate Bite was originally created by Mu Haiji.
When he had just arrived at the Realm of the Gods, Luo Zheng thought that by relying on the Severing Emotions Divine Dao, he could always match the other Divine Daos. Now, it seemed that he was gravely mistaken. The Severing Emotions Divine Dao was sealed as a Forbidden Dao. Even now, Luo Zheng did not know why, but in terms of power, it was indeed one of the best among the 3,000 Divine Daos. At least, he had not seen an existence that was stronger than the Severing Emotions Divine Dao.
But if he only relied on the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, it was simply not enough to crush these lower True Gods.
If he was successful in his cultivation, he could use the Divine Dao that he had mastered to study it, and try to fuse together a powerful Extra-Dao Remarkable Ability …
Very helplessly, Luo Zheng did not find a way to break the Dao within the Dao. This Bloody Desolate Bite seemed to last for a period of time before automatically disappearing, which meant that Luo Zheng was really fixed in place.
"However, Mu Ning should not be able to block it." Luo Zheng raised his head to look at Mu Ning in the distance, and a faint smile appeared in his eyes. When he used all his thoughts to control the God Slaying Sword Array, the pressure on Mu Ning would be even greater.
"Whoosh …"
The Heavenly Fang Sword, which had been following behind Mu Ning, suddenly turned around and flew away from the other side. The Buddha Emperor Sword was still attacking Mu Ning in an extremely unyielding manner. The two swords surrounded Mu Ning from the left and right, and in an instant, Mu Ning was trapped in the middle.
"Fighting against Mu Ning is much easier than I thought. She is already the first among the lower True Gods. Maybe she can try to jump ranks again? Maybe she can challenge a middle True God? " Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and an inexplicable thought popped up in his mind. Of course, he was just thinking about it. Now that he had enough points, at least he had completed the task given by Aunt Jiu. If he really lost to some middle True God, then it would be a big loss.
"Swish swish …"
Just as Mu Ning was hesitating, a power vine instantly wrapped around her delicate snow-white ankle. After the first power vine wrapped around her, the second power vine naturally followed. Soon, Mu Ning was completely bound, and at the same time, two long swords were placed in front of Mu Ning, one in front and one behind.
"It's over." Luo Zheng smiled slightly. Following his thoughts, without any hesitation, the two long swords were about to strangle her to death.
The moment the Buddha Emperor Sword was about to strike her chest, Mu Ning's face suddenly turned into a sneer. "Is it really over?"
"Pfft …"
Under the attack of the Buddha Emperor Sword, a shocking hole was created in her chest, and the Heavenly Fang Sword was like a saw, constantly tearing her body apart …
But at the same time, a strange scene occurred.
The blood that emerged from Mu Ning's body did not drip to the ground, but instead, it was still firmly condensed on her body. This blood was a part of her body, and it seemed unwilling to leave.
Very quickly, Mu Ning's body was destroyed into a mess, and the blood that escaped from her body completely covered her.
"She's not dead? That's impossible. "Looking at the bloody person, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of surprise. At least the Arena of Gods had not announced Luo Zheng's victory yet.
The blood on the blood person's body was still slowly fluctuating, and the originally blurry face gradually transformed into Mu Ning's appearance. The blood on the top of her head even outlined her hair. An identical Mu Ning appeared once again, but this Mu Ning was completely formed from blood.
"The only two times I was forced to use the 'Vengeful Killing Body' in the Arena of Gods, it was actually because of the Han Family …" Mu Ning continued speaking faintly.
"Vengeful Killing Body?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows raised slightly.
The last time Mu Ning used the Vengeful Killing Body, it was against Han Liusu. Han Liusu's strange flames filled the sky, and it almost forced Mu Ning into a corner. At the last moment, she used the 'Vengeful Killing Curse'.
It was not difficult to use the Life Divine Path to reconstruct a body, and many True Gods who cultivated the Life Divine Path could do it.
However, the Vengeful Killing Body was not reconstructing a body, but using the body before death, combined with the Killing Dao to reconstruct an invincible body for revenge!
After Han Liusu forced Mu Ning to use the Vengeful Killing Body, she was killed by Mu Ning, and Han Liusu was triumphantly defeated, and was ranked third in the Hall of Gods …
If it was outside the Arena of Gods, the Vengeful Killing Body would appear after Mu Ning was killed, but it could only be used once. After the Vengeful Killing Body disappeared, Mu Ning's body would die forever. This was a killing move that could only be used once in a lifetime.
However, she could use it repeatedly in the Arena of Gods, and it could be said that she used the loophole of the Arena of Gods.
"Blood Shadow Evasion!"
"Swoosh!"
Mu Ning instantly turned into a bloody light and rushed toward Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed!
"Slash!"
Luo Zheng sat upright on the ground, and with a light flick of his finger, the Buddha Emperor's Sword pierced through Mu Ning's Blood Body. However, the Buddha Emperor's Sword came out the same way it went in, and it did not cause any harm to her …
"If it's really just a ball of blood, it shouldn't be able to explode with too much power, right?" Luo Zheng faintly speculated as he stared at the rapidly approaching Mu Ning's Blood Body.
As Mu Ning got closer and closer to him, he saw a faint bloody light condense on the surface of her body, and a powerful aura emanated from her body. She was actually charging toward him!
Unable to dodge, he could only take this move of Mu Ning's!
Luo Zheng's body was far superior to that of an ordinary True God, and with his powerful strength, he would not be at a disadvantage!
"Pu!"
A muffled sound was heard …
Under the violent impact, Mu Ning turned into a ball of blood and flew backward. As the ball of blood flew backward, it transformed into Mu Ning's original appearance, and there was a trace of mockery on her face.
Luo Zheng was not at a disadvantage under this impact. Although Mu Ning's Vengeful Killing Body was very strong, it was wishful thinking to think that it could damage Luo Zheng's body. However, under the impact, he was knocked back a distance of 300 feet.
Because of the wound caused by the Bloody Desolate Bite, he spilled blood for 300 feet …

Chapter 1880
Although Luo Zheng's blood was strong, if it continued like this, he wouldn't be able to withstand it.
Facing Mu Ning's Vengeful Killing Body, Luo Zheng didn't have a good way to deal with her …
"Let's see how long you can last!" Mu Ning's voice floated over from far away. At the same time, she turned into a blood shadow and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and continued to store his power in his body.
"Pu!"
There was another muffled sound …
Luo Zheng was sent flying again, blood still gushing out from his arm. As for Mu Ning, she was once again turned into a pool of blood by Luo Zheng. Then, Mu Ning's body began to condense.
If this continued, it was only a matter of time before he was defeated.
Now, Luo Zheng was having a headache.
Mu Ning didn't give Luo Zheng any time to think. She continued to attack Luo Zheng several times.
Each collision was stronger and stronger.
Although he didn't suffer any injuries, he was bleeding more and more. After losing a lot of blood, Luo Zheng even felt dizzy.
On the other hand, Mu Ning was already a "dead person". Even if Luo Zheng didn't kill her, her Vengeful Killing Body would eventually disappear. However, this was the Arena of the Gods. Life and death weren't important. What was important was winning or losing!
Now Luo Zhengguan understood that Mu Ning's "Vengeful Killing Body" and "Bloody Desolate Bite" were sacred powers that connected the past and future. If he killed Mu Ning in the Realm of the Gods, even if she transformed into the "Vengeful Killing Body", the others would still be able to escape without a trace …
However, if he was bitten by the Bloody Desolate Bite, the situation would be different. As long as he ran, the blood in his body would run out. If he didn't run, he would be chased by the Vengeful Killing Body. The combination of these two sacred powers was really powerful.
"Peng!"
After another collision, Luo Zheng retreated a full seven feet. More and more blood flowed out. Luo Zheng's meridians became more and more exhausted. Even the circulation of his power was blocked to a certain extent.
Accompanied by a strong sense of dizziness, his gaze became somewhat disoriented …
The Slaughter God Sword Array was indeed powerful, but against Mu Ning in her current state, it was completely ineffective!
"This Vengeful Killing Physique should be some kind of Blood Demon Physique formed by drawing out one's own blood through the fusion of the Killing God Dao and the Life Divine Dao … Since it's formed from fresh blood, what if I use the Desolate Blood Destruction Bite?"
If Luo Zheng had planted a Desolate Blood Bite mark on Mu Ning's body, he should have been able to drain her blood.
The problem was that her Vengeful Killing Body was originally a mass of blood. Even if she released all the blood along the way, the blood would probably merge together, right?
"Huff huff …"
In the blink of an eye, Mu Ning sprinted towards Luo Zheng. Her eyes were filled with pride. This unknown person who had created a record of 32 consecutive victories would ultimately be defeated by her hands.
In this public battle, her sister had lost to Yu Taibai, but the Mu Family had lost face and points, so she had to take them back!
Seeing the fleeting blood shadow getting closer and closer to him, Luo Zheng also raised his spirits. The Life Divine Dao and the Killing God Dao on the Infinite Ruler shone with a faint luster at the same time.
Just as Mu Ning was about to hit him, a red luster suddenly swept out from Luo Zheng's body. The red luster turned into a small snake head and bit towards Mu Ning's head!
"Desolate Blood Destruction Bite?"
Mu Ning was stunned, and her eyes were filled with extreme shock. She was on the Mu Family's floating island, in front of the Divine Jade Wall, and even her body shook!
When the servants of the Mu Family saw Mu Ning's body shake, they all had strange expressions on their faces.
When an ordinary person entered the Divine Jade Wall, their body would be in a static state and would rarely have any reaction.
Mu Ning's state was obviously due to extreme shock, which caused her body to have such a reaction. The servants also looked at each other. They had no idea what Mu Ning had encountered in the Divine Jade Wall.
How was this possible!
How could Anonymous use the Desolate Blood Destruction Bite!
This was a divine ability that her father had created for himself. Only those who dual cultivated the Life Divine Dao and the Killing God Dao could use it. This divine ability was restricted by the Godhead!
In other words, if one hadn't condensed the Life Divine Dao and the Killing God Dao, it was impossible to use this divine ability. She had immersed herself in it for several years, so she naturally understood the principle behind it. But this principle was so fragile in front of Anonymous.
She had naturally forgotten that Anonymous didn't have the Extreme Violet Yin Body. He could still use the Purple Cloud Divine Dao and use the Thought Division Control Technique …
This moment seemed to pass very slowly. Thoughts constantly surged in her mind like a tide. By the time she reacted, a small mark had appeared on her forehead.
"Pu!"
At the same time, she collided with Luo Zheng.
After the collision, the two retreated in different directions again …
This time, Luo Zheng retreated a distance of more than ten feet. Due to the large amount of blood loss, his face was deathly pale.
But this time, Luo Zheng deliberately increased the force of the collision. Mu Ning flew to the other side at an unprecedented speed. At the same time, scarlet blood followed the mark that Luo Zheng had planted and crazily gushed out from her forehead.
"Huala …"
Her Vengeful Killing Body was originally much lighter than Luo Zheng's. Every time she was hit, she flew a distance of several hundred feet.
As a result, the blood continued to splatter out from the mark and finally scattered evenly on the Scarlet Plain, forming a trail of blood hundreds of feet long …
"It's finally done?" Luo Zheng stood in place, panting slightly.
The blood could coagulate at any time. Luo Zheng wasn't sure if he could destroy the Vengeful Killing Body. At least, the Arena of Gods didn't judge Luo Zheng as the winner.
After a while …
The scarlet blood beads slowly wriggled. The blood at the front of the trail of blood quickly intertwined and quickly formed half of Mu Ning's head. This head slowly floated in the air and coldly stared at Luo Zheng.
"She really isn't dead …" Luo Zheng's heart sank slightly.
"I really don't understand. You haven't even condensed a Godhood. How did you learn my Bloody Desolation Bite …" Mu Ning said in a low voice. She didn't expect that fighting with an anonymous person would involve such a big problem.
"Do I need to answer you?" Luo Zheng said indifferently. In his heart, he was already thinking of other methods.
"Indeed, there's no need. When the Dongfang family pulls you out of Han Jia, I'll naturally ask you face to face," Mu Ning said again. "However, to be able to use your Bloody Desolation Bite to make my Vengeful Killing Body like this, it really surprised me. Unfortunately … it's far from enough to destroy my Vengeful Killing Body!"
The blood on the trail of blood became active again. The blood condensed into small blood beads. These blood beads seemed to have a life of their own as they continuously converged towards Mu Ning's body.
Not long after, Mu Ning once again transformed into her almost perfect body. However, the mark created by Luo Zheng's Bloody Desolation Bite was still imprinted on her forehead.
"Indeed, it's not enough. However, it should be enough after a few more tries." Luo Zheng suddenly smiled slightly.
Even though she couldn't see Luo Zheng's blurry face, she could feel Luo Zheng's mysterious smile. At the same time, the Buddha Emperor's Sword quietly appeared behind her head and slammed forward with its thick and invisible sword body …
"Bang!"
As Mu Ning flew towards Luo Zheng, the mark once again transformed into a trail of blood. This trail of blood was only a few steps away from Luo Zheng.
This time, before the blood gathered into small blood beads, a pale blue flame ignited in Luo Zheng's hand …
"Ice Soul Devil Flame!"
Luo Zheng took advantage of the opportunity to heavily slap the ground. An extremely cold aura rapidly spread out and spread along the trail of blood.
In the blink of an eye, the trail of blood was sealed by thick frost …
"Can you still recover this time?"
Facing this kind of undying and indestructible Vengeful Killing Body, he actually wasn't confident.
Moreover, even if the blood was sealed in ice, in theory, this Vengeful Killing Body still wouldn't be "destroyed". If that was the case, wouldn't he have to stay in the Arena of Gods for a few days, a few months, or even a few years?
Wouldn't it be difficult to determine the victor forever?
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's worries didn't last for too long. After about the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, the Scarlet Plain slowly collapsed in front of his eyes.
In the blink of an eye, he had returned to his room. On the wall facing Luo Zheng, there was an additional Arena of Victory.
His winning streak had reached 33 matches, and his points had broken through the unprecedented 2 million mark.

Chapter 1881
Defeating Mu Ning would be his final victory in the Arena of Gods.
The Butchering God Sword Formation didn't display its full power. Luo Zheng killed Mu Ning's body with four swords, but he couldn't do anything to Mu Ning's Vengeful Body.
In the end, Luo Zheng didn't truly defeat Mu Ning's Vengeful Body. Fortunately, the Arena of Gods determined that this victory belonged to him.
Now, Luo Zheng only needed to use his anonymous identity to lose points to Han Liusu, and his victory would be complete.
This way, whether it was Han Jia or the entire floating island, they wouldn't be able to find out his true identity. Luo Zheng could then absorb the mud and try to break through to the true god realm.
But Luo Zheng glanced at the wall and found that Han Liusu's name was gray. This meant that she wasn't in the Hall of Gods. Even if he challenged her, she wouldn't respond.
Luo Zheng didn't have any interest in challenging other lower true gods. He didn't hesitate to leave the Hall of Gods.
His room was now ranked first in the Hall of Gods. Mu Ning had dropped two places, behind Han Liusu. As for Dongfang Yunzhu's room, it was still ranked second …
…
…
In the palace …
Han Liusu actually threw her head on Aunt Hanjiu's chest and began to cry.
Aunt Hanjiu comforted her, but her brows were deeply furrowed.
Luo Zheng didn't tell her about the Dongfang family. Aunt Hanjiu didn't think that such a problem would appear.
If the Dongfang family really wanted to ask Han Jia for Han Liusu, the pressure would be passed on to Aunt Hanjiu through Emperor Han Qing.
Luo Zheng was indeed anonymous. Apart from herself, Han Liusu, and her sister, Han Chuyue, no one else knew his identity.
If Aunt Hanjiu didn't say anything, they wouldn't be able to find him.
But could she withstand this kind of pressure?
"Emperor Han Qing chose the wrong path," Aunt Hanjiu said faintly, her fingers gently stroking Han Liusu's silky hair.
In her depression, Han Liusu poured out many things to Aunt Han Jiu. For example, how she met Luo Zheng in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement and her future plans.
The little girl's courage made Aunt Hanjiu sigh in admiration. She had set her mind on Luo Zheng. If there was a chance to escape the floating island with Luo Zheng, she even hoped that Aunt Hanjiu could help her.
To be fair, if the person involved was not Luo Zheng, she could indeed help Han Liusu.
There were many examples of children from wealthy families on the floating island eloping. Not everyone wished to become stronger and stand at the peak of the divine dao. True gods had their own pursuits.
Han Liusu could do this, but Luo Zheng couldn't!
The things he was carrying were much heavier than Han Liusu's …
"But since you know Luo Zheng's background, you also understand what he is facing. The road he is going to walk will be extremely dangerous. If he is not careful, he may die a horrible death … "Aunt Hanjiu saw the things that Luo Zheng was going to face more thoroughly, and also saw further.
"Even if he dies, so what?" Han Liusu said indifferently.
Aunt Hanjiu smiled and shook her head. "You young people see through life and death easily, but you don't know that some things are more important than life and death."
Han Liusu couldn't understand the meaning behind Aunt Hanjiu's words. She pursed her lips, her eyes filled with determination. "I only hope that Aunt Hanjiu can withstand the pressure from father!"
"You don't have to worry about this. Since Aunt Hanjiu has done this, there is no way I will hand Luo Zheng over." She smiled faintly.
Back then, before she was conferred the title of secondary saint, she was imprisoned in the Han family. She could only watch as the Luo family was destroyed.
Luo Xiao had placed his hopes on Luo Zheng. How could she hand him over to the Dongfang family?
However, Aunt Hanjiu also understood that if the Dongfang family became serious, the pressure she would face would be unprecedentedly great. The Dongfang family was not the Liu family, the Xie family, and the other families that were on the verge of becoming the masters of the wealthy families.
At this time …
The light that enveloped Luo Zheng in the Divine Jade Wall slowly dissipated.
Luo Zheng's body trembled slightly, and then he jumped up from the ground. He looked over and saw Aunt Hanjiu hugging Han Liusu and saying something. His face was suddenly filled with a strange expression.
Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly at Luo Zheng. "Thirty-three wins in a row?"
"En." Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't reveal his identity to Han Liusu. For a moment, he didn't know what to say. It seemed that Aunt Hanjiu had communicated with Han Liusu. However, why Han Liusu would appear here today was something that Luo Zheng didn't understand.
Han Liusu sorted out her emotions and smiled at Luo Zheng. "It's time for you to lose your points to me!" Saying so, she walked towards the Divine Jade Wall.
Luo Zheng very cooperatively activated the jade tablet in his hand. Just as he was about to place it into the Divine Jade Wall's groove, a fragrant wind blew from the side. Han Liusu threw herself into his arms and hugged him tightly.
Not far away, Aunt Hanjiu saw this scene and helplessly shook her head.
Aunt Hanjiu was also pondering this question. Yu Taibai had already given Luo Zheng a clear hint that Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng hadn't appeared in the open battle. The disciples of the two saints had made quite a bit of noise. Then what about her? Perhaps ….
In the depths of her heart, she had also never given up. However, as the secondary saint of the Han family, Aunt Han Jiu was involved in too many things. She also couldn't be like these youngsters, who were quick to act and had the heart of a brave warrior cutting his wrist in an instant.
Suddenly being hugged so tightly by Han Liusu, Luo Zheng's body stiffened.
After a while, Han Liusu said, "If one day you want to leave the floating island, can you take me with you?"
"Why do you want to leave?" Luo Zheng calmly replied.
Luo Zheng couldn't easily agree to this kind of request. Just as Aunt Hanjiu said, he knew what he was facing and his situation.
"The Dongfang Family might ask our Han Family for you. I've already asked my father. He probably won't refuse this request," Han Liusu said in a low voice.
Luo Zheng had helped the Han Family a lot this time in the floating island rankings. However, her father couldn't wait to send Luo Zheng over. This kind of attitude made Han Liusu very disappointed. She even felt embarrassed. However, she had to be more tactful in front of Luo Zheng.
"I won't go to the Dongfang Family." Luo Zheng put his hands on Han Liusu's shoulders and pushed her away slightly. He smiled at her and said, "Before that, I should be leaving the floating island."
"I know." Han Liusu nodded. Others might need to guess Yu Taibai's intentions, but Han Liusu didn't. She knew that Luo Zheng was in the Han Family. She naturally knew that Yu Taibai was referring to Luo Zheng. "That's why I want to leave with you!"
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. "No." After saying this, he put the jade tablet into the Pantheon Jade Wall and stepped into the Pantheon Hall.
Seeing Luo Zheng's reaction, Han Liusu pouted. She also activated the jade tablet in a fit of pique and entered the Pantheon Hall.
Luo Zheng waited until Han Liusu's name lit up. Luo Zheng immediately chose to challenge her.
Very quickly, Luo Zheng stepped into the Pantheon Arena. He was actually on a strange island. The island was actually surrounded by a vast ocean. This was probably the setting that Han Liusu had chosen.
This island was only about thirty meters wide. Even if it was the arena for True Gods, it was still too small.
Very quickly, Han Liusu stepped into this world as well. She walked over to Luo Zheng and asked, "Why did you refuse me?"
"You will die." Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then added, "Or you will die very easily."

Chapter 1882
Luo Zheng stared blankly for a moment, then smiled faintly, "What nonsense are you spouting?"
"I'm not spouting nonsense!"
Han Liusu pounced in front of Luo Zheng, grabbing his clothes with both hands. In the depths of her clear eyes, there seemed to be two flames burning.
Under her attack, the power she had erupted with wasn't small.
Adding to the fact that Luo Zheng wasn't on guard, he was directly pushed to the ground by Han Liusu. The two of them looked at each other from top to bottom.
She couldn't see Luo Zheng's expression, but because of this, she felt that Luo Zheng was laughing at her from behind the fog. She said coldly, "Don't look down on me! My strength and talent aren't any worse than Mu Ning's! "
To be able to rank in the top ten of the Arena of Gods, one had to have a unique talent.
Mu Ning had two Godhoods, as well as a special ability that Mu Hai had specially created for her. As for Han Liusu, she had an extremely special Deviant Flame!
As if to prove her strength to Luo Zheng, Han Liusu suddenly leapt up. The surrounding air suddenly became dry, and blue flame spirals began to converge on her left hand.
Not long after, these flames condensed into a blue flame spear, pointing directly at Luo Zheng.
"Get up! Use your full strength! "Han Liusu shouted coldly.
Han Liusu had once lost to Mu Ning, and like Luo Zheng, she was placed above Mu Ning's Vengeful Slaughter Body. If not for the Vengeful Slaughter Body, even Mu Ning would find it difficult to fight against Han Liusu.
Afterwards, Han Liusu thought for a long time and thought of a way to break the Vengeful Killing Body. Unfortunately, Mu Ning never accepted her challenge. Otherwise, in the Hall of Gods of the lower True Gods, Mu Ning's first place position would have been given to Han Liusu.
Lying on the ground, Luo Zheng stared at Han Liusu's flame spear. From the tip of the flame spear, there was an extremely sharp aura. This spear seemed to have the ability to pierce through all things!
The current Han Liusu had indeed made great progress. Her strength was indeed far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. No wonder she could rank in the top three of the Arena of Gods, Luo Zheng thought to himself.
But I don't want to drag you into this, Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After entering the floating island, Luo Zheng could see more clearly. The opponents who had been hiding in the shadows were slowly revealing themselves.
These powerful families were so powerful that if one carefully thought about it, they would feel suffocated. In other words — treating them as opponents was like a moth to a flame. It was a good thing that Luo Zheng had such an understanding long ago, so he was able to continue walking down this path.
Since that was the case, why did he have to sacrifice Han Liusu?
"Fine, it's good for her to understand." Luo Zheng's gaze wandered, landing on Han Liusu's serious face.
. hhh..
Following which, his arms abruptly jerked backwards, and his entire body stood up. Like an arrow released from a bow, he shot towards Han Liusu!
Han Liusu's beautiful eyebrows raised slightly. The flame spear in her hand suddenly spun. The spear tip spun at high speed, making a piercing sound. At the same time, it formed an extremely thin blue spear aura, pointing towards Luo Zheng!
"This spear aura …"
This spear aura made Luo Zheng's heart jump. The Buddha Emperor's Sword and the Double Sun Sword silently formed in front of him.
. Pa!
The thin blue spear aura touched the Buddha Emperor's Sword. The power contained in the spear aura instantly exploded, forming a beautiful flower of the spear. At this moment, the Buddha Emperor's Sword was actually defeated!
At the same time that the flower of the spear bloomed, an extremely thin blue spear aura shot out from the flower of the spear. It actually went straight for the Double Sun Sword!
. Pa!
The Double Sun Sword was the protective sword of the God Slaying Sword Formation. It was the thickest sword and was usually used to protect the body.
But the spear aura that was "refracted" from the Buddha Emperor's Sword exploded on the Double Sun Sword. The moment the Double Sun Sword was defeated, another blue spear aura was refracted from the beautiful flower of the spear. This time, it was naturally refracted towards Luo Zheng's body!
"This spear aura is so strong!"
Although Luo Zheng was already vigilant when Han Liusu revealed the flame spear, he never thought that Han Liusu's spear would be so strange and contain such power!
He had underestimated her too much …
Realizing that something was wrong, Luo Zheng suddenly twisted his body, trying his best to avoid the spear aura. But it was too late.
. Pu!
The spear aura seemed to have no resistance. It pierced through Luo Zheng's forehead and directly went through his head …
Immediately after, Luo Zheng felt a flash of white light in his mind. Then, he returned to his room. At the same time, he had an unprecedented loss in his room.
As for the high number of points that Luo Zheng had painstakingly accumulated from the thirty-three battles, he had also lost to Han Liusu.
"I actually lost …"
Luo Zheng rubbed his nose with a wry smile on his face.
Losing to Han Liusu in one move was indeed unexpected. The most important thing was that Han Liusu had given him the preconceived notion that Han Liusu could climb to third place in the Hall of Gods only because of that strange blue Mysterious Flame. But Luo Zheng did not expect her to be able to use the Mysterious Flame to such an extent.
Han Liusu's final stab was indeed the strongest stab Luo Zheng had ever encountered. The spear aura from that stab had consecutively defeated two of his swords. Even after three consecutive refractions, it had still easily pierced through his head. Now that he thought about it, whether it was Mu Ning or any of the lower True Gods in the Hall of Gods, none of them would have been able to withstand it. The reason she was able to reach third place in the Hall of Gods was because of her own strength!
Han Liusu also returned to her room. Killing Luo Zheng with a single stab was enough to vent her anger. However, her eyes were still filled with resentment. As the eldest princess of the Han Family, she had already thrown caution to the wind. That guy actually dared to be so wishy-washy. He absolutely could not be forgiven!
Thus, she once again pushed open the door to her room and rushed down the Hall of Gods.
After Han Liusu defeated Luo Zheng, she had reached first place in the Hall of Gods. As for the anonymous person, because of his "first defeat", he finally had a ranking. He was ranked fourth, which was right behind Mu Ning …
Han Liusu rushed to Luo Zheng's room door and repeatedly slammed on it. However, after a long while, there was no response. In the end, Han Liusu could only return to her room and leave the Hall of Gods first before anything else.
As for the people in the Hall of Gods who had strange expressions on their faces, Han Liusu completely ignored them.
"The battle between Han Liusu and Anonymous, Han Liusu really won!"
"I already said that the anonymous person definitely belongs to Han Jia. He purposely lost to Han Liusu. This way, the identity of the anonymous person will never be revealed."
"Is that so? If the Dongfang family really makes a move, Han Jia definitely won't be able to hold on … "
The anonymous person's first defeat caused another wave of commotion in the Hall of Gods. If they had previously guessed that the anonymous person belonged to the Han Family, now it was confirmed.
More importantly, Han Liusu had indeed obtained close to two million points. This time, Han Jia's floating island ranking would most likely be dominated by the Han Family.
Within the palace …
Aunt Hanjiu watched as the Hall of Gods glowed faintly. She saw the two people leave the Hall of Gods. She opened her mouth to ask, "You've already lost your points to …"
Before she could finish, she heard Han Liusu angrily shout, "Stop!" Then, like a nimble monkey, Luo Zheng scurried away …
"I've already proven my strength!" Han Liusu said loudly.
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly. "I just lost to you by accident."
"Hmph, isn't that the worst excuse? If we weren't in the arena, you'd already be dead. Who gave you the chance to explain yourself like that? "Han Liusu said.
Seeing the two suddenly arguing, Aunt Hanjiu couldn't understand.

Chapter 1883
The two of them were finally stopped by Aunt Hanjiu.
In the end, Luo Zheng didn't give Han Liusu any promises.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, whether it was Xi Youqin who stayed in the Dayan Universe, Hua Tianming who entered the God Realm, or Ning Yudie and the others who hid in the Immortal Abode, they were all living beings born in the Dayan Universe, and their lives were related to the Dayan Universe!
But Han Liusu was different. She was just an outsider in the grand scheme of things. It wasn't wise for her to forcibly get involved in the situation. Luo Zheng wasn't willing to do so either.
In the end, Han Liusu left resentfully, her eyes full of disappointment. Seeing her lonely back, Luo Zheng felt a sense of emptiness in his heart.
Aunt Hanjiu didn't express her opinion on the two's quarrel. She could faintly feel that she had to make a choice. Even the entire floating island, the entire Divine Realm!
Ever since the floating island and the Sage Hall had been established, the entire Divine Realm had been stable for countless Divine Epochs …
To ordinary mortals, this was an eternal existence.
But to True Gods with eternal lifespans, they lived longer and could see further into the future. They could also see more dangers.
For example, the theory of the Divine Realm's fall, the theory of the Sea of Time's expansion, and so on. Because of this, they were embroiled in endless Dao disputes. Up until now, there hadn't been a complete conclusion.
Over the course of countless years, these paradoxes that were difficult to prove left True Gods and even Sages very confused …
Several hours later …
In the Purple Soul Palace's highest level cultivation room.
Those who could use these cultivation rooms were basically upper True Gods of the Purple Soul Palace.
Luo Zheng sat inside. With a flip of his hand, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Chariot appeared in front of him …
This Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Chariot's golden chariot didn't look like a lion or a tiger, but he didn't know what it was carved into.
Since Han Jia was willing to take this treasure out, it was a pretty good treasure in itself. When the time came, he could spend some time to refine it …
After observing the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Chariot for a while, he saw a small circular divine imprint on its back.
After noticing this, Luo Zheng touched the circular divine imprint with his finger and poured strands of primal chaos energy into it!
"Hiss …"
The chaotic Qi flowed along the divine pattern, and the circular divine pattern began to rotate. Then the divine pattern slowly rose up, and a small funnel was formed at the bottom of the center.
"Blood binding?"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and flicked his fingertips. A drop of golden blood quietly flowed into it.
After the golden blood flowed down the small funnel, a strange feeling appeared in Luo Zheng's mind...
At the same time, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Luan Statue seemed to come alive. Its originally pale golden surface began to overflow with traces of luster. At the same time, under the control of Luo Zheng, this ferocious beast that looked neither like a lion nor a tiger began to walk around the secret chamber.
"This Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue is extremely powerful and can transform at will. This material seems to be …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
Back in the Grand Evolution Cosmos, the Demi-Immortals had helped the nine true dragons create the Heavenspan Physique. The truth was that the Heavenspan Physique was capable of taking human form, although it wasn't as sturdy as it could be. Of course, it had the advantage of being able to form a new body after being destroyed.
The Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue in front of him was also forged from the Heavenly Divination Essence. However, many complicated materials seemed to have been added to the Heavenly Divination Essence. Not only could it transform at will, but it was also abnormally sturdy!
"Transform!"
With a thought from Luo Zheng, this "monster" slowly straightened its legs and stood up like a human. The golden fur on its body slowly merged into its body, and the monster-like head gradually turned into a human head. Finally, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue transformed into a human as tall as Luo Zheng.
"Old Man Extreme Evil!"
Luo Zheng unsealed the Old Man Extreme Evil's soul in his mind.
After entering the floating island, Luo Zheng had faced too many experts. In order to prevent himself from being discovered, he had sealed himself in Luo Zheng's mind. Now that Luo Zheng had unsealed himself, the Old Man Extreme Evil noticed the golden statue in the secret room.
"What is this?" The Old Man Extreme Evil sized up the statue curiously.
"This is the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue. However, it can transform at will. I've transformed it into a human. Can it be your body?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"That Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue can transform at will?" The Old Man Extreme Evil's face changed slightly, and his eyes revealed a trace of excitement.
Although Luo Zheng hadn't said anything, the Old Man Extreme Evil could guess what Luo Zheng had planned.
Now that the Old Man Extreme Evil's physical body had been destroyed, he couldn't find a suitable body. At the end of the day, this Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue was a grandmist artifact artifact. If it could transform at will, it could be used as his own body. At least it was better than hiding in Luo Zheng's mind and sleeping!
Soon after, the Old Man Extreme Evil floated out of Luo Zheng's mind and entered the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue. When Luo Zheng passed the authority to control the statue to the Old Man Extreme Evil, the statue changed its shape again. Very quickly, it transformed into the Old Man Extreme Evil's appearance, except that its body was shining brightly.
"However, I'm afraid it won't be very convenient for me to move around the Han Jia Floating Island like this," the Old Man Extreme Evil said as he transformed again. Very quickly, he transformed into an extremely fierce lion. In the spacious secret room, he was like a bolt of golden lightning, and in the next moment, he transformed into a long snake. The Old Man Extreme Evil was very excited as he transformed again and again.
Luo Zheng stopped paying attention to the Old Man Extreme Evil and focused his attention on the tray.
He had fought so hard in the Arena of Gods for this large tray. In his heart, he also hoped that this mud could help him break through his bottleneck!
Why was the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue placed on such a tray? It was a pity that the origins of the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue were difficult to verify. Otherwise, Luo Zheng might have to trace it back to its roots …
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng pressed lightly with his hand, and a crack appeared on the tray made of mud. With a gentle twist, Luo Zheng broke off about one-sixth of the mud. His inner world was already unable to endure the thirst and kept urging Luo Zheng.
Without any hesitation, he threw this piece of mud into his inner world …
"Plop …"
After this piece of mud was thrown into Luo Zheng's sea of chaos, it didn't move at all.
Luo Zheng also observed this scene with a nervous expression. The mud couldn't have lost its effect because it had been dug out for too long, right?
Now that he thought about it carefully, the first piece of mud he swallowed had a slower reaction, because that piece of mud had been dug out by the Tie family for too long. On the other hand, the "fresh" mud he got from the cave had a faster reaction.
The tray under the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue had existed for a longer time. Perhaps the reaction time would be slower.
However, the waiting process was somewhat torturous. If the mud really lost its effect after a long time, Luo Zheng's time to condense the Godhood might have to be pushed back again!
Half an hour later … …
A bubble emerged from the bottom of the sea of chaos, and more bubbles began to gush out …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that his worries were unnecessary.
As the bubbles continued to emerge, a small cloud formed in the sky above the sea of chaos. As this cloud continued to expand, Luo Zheng also integrated his Taoist Connotation into it. Soon after, a huge sword cloud appeared.
The piece of mud that Luo Zheng had just thrown in was much larger than the previous two times. Naturally, the sword cloud formed was even larger. After the sword cloud was condensed, it floated towards the Godhood Plate in the center of this world …
With the previous successful experiences, Luo Zheng didn't need to watch the sword cloud condense the Godhood. Instead, he continued to crush the mud and throw it into his inner world.

Chapter 1884
Luo Zheng stared at the crystal on the godhead quietly. He couldn't contain his excitement.
He didn't have a godhead, so he couldn't use the power of faith. He could only use the "force" to perform the Divine Dao's remarkable abilities.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng could use the Chaotic Aura. Just the Chaotic Aura alone could make up for the difference between him and a true god.
"If a true god can be born in my inner world, then my" force "is equivalent to a true god. Then, what's the difference between this force and the force of an ordinary true god?"
He didn't know what the difference was, but he was faintly looking forward to it.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The cloud of swords kept drifting and shrinking. From afar, it looked like a monster was swallowing the cloud of swords.
When the cloud of swords completely disappeared, Luo Zheng's figure flashed slightly. He immediately arrived above the godhead plate. After examining it for a while, he found a palm-sized transparent crystal.
"It's not small anymore …"
This crystal had completely merged with the two crystals of mud that Luo Zheng had absorbed. However, compared to the entire godhead plate, it was still an independent small piece.
"Continue!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He reached out his hand and crushed another piece of mud. In an instant, he threw it into his inner world.
After waiting patiently for a while, the second cloud of swords slowly rose.
This cloud of swords also left a transparent crystal in the godhead plate. The two transparent crystals overlapped and occupied about three-seventh of the godhead plate's surface area. According to the current progress, the remaining transparent crystal formed by the mud would occupy the entire godhead plate. There would be more than enough space!
Luo Zheng then threw the third and fourth piece of mud into the godhead plate. The transparent crystal in the godhead plate grew bigger and bigger. The strange thing was that this crystal didn't condense around the godhead plate. Instead, it was in the center of the godhead plate. It turned into a round crystal and lay there quietly, glowing faintly.
It was also his first time condensing a godhead. Naturally, he didn't know what was strange about it.
"If I throw in the last piece of mud, it should be able to condense a perfect godhead." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. Then, he threw the last piece of mud, which was also the largest piece, into his inner world.
As this piece of mud turned into a cloud of mist, a complete crystal slowly formed in the godhead plate.
At the same time...
The bottom of the divine lattice disk began to rotate slowly, and the circle of divine runes on its surface began to flicker with a faint light.
This god lattice disk was originally used to support the godhead and stabilize it in the inner world, but when Luo Zheng's godhead condensed, the god lattice disk suddenly shook.
"Ka ka …"
Countless cracks appeared on the surface of the divine lattice plate, and not long after, the divine lattice plate disintegrated right in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, turning into countless pieces that fell into the Chaos Ocean!
"What's this?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
At the same time, he felt his mind tremble …
Once again, the Infinite Ruler shone with a dazzling light, piercing through Luo Zheng's fleshly body, his internal organs, and into his internal world.
The scattered light gathered once again and focused on the Godhead!
"Rumble …"
Luo Zheng's Inner World began to tremble …
The light emitted by the Infinity Ruler hit the transparent Godhead, producing rays of light. After these rays of light were refracted, they scattered in all directions. Some of the rays of light hit the Chaos Sea, and some of the rays of light hit the continent.
"What kind of phenomenon is this?"
On a continent in Luo Zheng's Inner World, the Evil Deities stood on the peak of a snowy mountain, looking up at the Godhead.
At this moment, he could feel an extraordinary power being nurtured within the Godhead!
"The feeling contained within is very similar to the Dao Connotation in the sword cloud condensed by the Creator, very similar … but more complex!" The eyes of the Evil Deities flickered with boundless light.
Almost everything that could be explored in this world had been comprehended by the Evil Deities.
Apart from the huge Sanskrit characters at the edge of this world, nothing else was a secret to him. Even the Icy Soul Devil Flame in the Ice Field was controlled by the Evil Deities. Unfortunately, the Creator didn't allow him to leave this world, so he could only be confined to this world forever.
However, the complex Dao Connotation emitted from the Godhead brought new hope to the Evil Deities. He felt that he could obtain new Divine Abilities from it and become even more powerful!
Luo Zheng looked at his Godhead with an incredulous expression.
That round godhood was constantly refracting all kinds of light, and a circle of densely packed scales appeared around the godhood. These scales came from the Immeasurable Ruler!
Not only that, but the Divine Dao imprints absorbed by the Infinite Ruler also appeared on these scales!
"The Dao Connotation of these Divine Daos has been engraved on my Godhead!"
In the Purple Soul Palace, Luo Zheng already had a certain degree of understanding of the Divine Domain. Many Divine Proof martial artists might be able to comprehend several Divine Daos, but when condensing their Godhead, they would choose the Divine Dao they mainly cultivated. Only a very small number of geniuses could condense two Godheads, or even three Godheads.
When Luo Zheng first came into contact with Divine Daos, he didn't understand the benefits of having multiple Divine Daos, because many Divine Proof experts cultivated more than one Divine Dao. For example, Luo Zheng himself cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao and the Great Vow Technique, and even comprehended the Icy Soul Devil Flame of the Profound Ice Divine Dao.
During this period of time in the Purple Soul Palace, he understood that there was a limit to cultivating several Divine Daos at the same time.
All the Divine Abilities, excluding the "Outer Dao Divine Abilities" derived from them, were uniformly ranked by the True Gods of the Divine Realm. They were divided into the first three stages, the last three stages, and the Great Perfection stage, a total of seven stages.
For example, the first three stages of the Five Elements Divine Dao were "Five Elements Unite", "Metal and Wood Annihilation", and "Fire and Wood Spirit Movement". The last three stages were "Five Elements Spirit Convergence", "Water and Wood Separation", and "Five Elements Circulation".
Apart from these six stages, there was the Great Perfection stage of the seventh stage, "Divine Fate Five Spirit Body". After cultivating the Divine Fate Five Spirit Body, one would become a Great Perfection True God.
As for the Outer Dao Divine Abilities comprehended from the Divine Dao, they were comprehended from different stages of the Divine Dao. For example, in the Heaven Containing Palace, the "Five Elements Disillusion" that Han Yaozhi used was actually an Outer Dao Divine Ability comprehended from the "Five Elements Spirit Convergence". The "Five Elements Spirit Convergence" was the first stage of the last three stages of the Divine Dao Divine Ability. This "Five Elements Disillusion" was naturally not considered a powerful Outer Dao Divine Ability. No one was willing to cultivate Han Yaozhi's "Five Elements Disillusion". After all, some Outer Dao Divine Abilities were not even as good as the original Divine Ability.
As for the "Ice Soul Devil Flame" that Luo Zheng cultivated in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, it was an Outer Dao Divine Ability that Saint Jiu comprehended from the sixth stage of the Profound Ice Divine Dao, "Profound Ice Sacred Fire". Any Outer Dao Divine Ability that was born from the Great Perfection stage was relatively powerful. Therefore, countless people hoped to obtain Saint Jiu's inheritance. However, up until now, there were very few who could obtain it …
It wasn't too difficult to cultivate the first three stages of a Divine Dao. After spending a certain amount of time and a certain amount of comprehension, one would be able to break through these limitations. This was especially true for the geniuses in the rich and powerful families. With their talent, it was very common for them to cultivate several Divine Daos.
However, if one wanted to cultivate a Divine Dao to the last three stages, one would need to condense a Godhead. Otherwise, it would be difficult to unleash the Dao of the last three stages.
However, Outer Dao Divine Abilities were an exception. Even if a True God had never cultivated a Divine Dao, if they could grasp an extremely powerful Outer Dao Divine Ability, they would be able to unleash an extremely terrifying power. Just like how Luo Zheng was able to unleash the Ice Soul Devil Flame even though he didn't cultivate the Profound Ice Divine Dao.
The most important thing was the Great Perfection stage Divine Ability. After condensing the Five Elements Godheads, one could only reach the Great Perfection stage through the Five Elements Divine Dao's Great Perfection stage "Divine Affinity Five Spirit Body". At the same time, one couldn't cultivate the Great Perfection stage Divine Abilities of other Divine Daos.
However, true gods with multiple Godhoods could choose which Divine Dao they wanted to cultivate with ease.
There were even some who could cultivate two kinds of Great Perfection stage Divine Abilities and become a Double Great Perfection True God. Their strength would be far stronger than ordinary Great Perfection True Gods!
Of course, True Gods with Double Godheads were already extremely rare. True Gods who could cultivate two kinds of Godheads to the Great Perfection stage were even rarer in the Divine Domain!
However, Luo Zheng saw that around his Godhead, there were three thousand little scales. This scene gave rise to an extremely strange feeling in Luo Zheng's heart.

Chapter 1885
In order to understand why he couldn't condense a godhood, Luo Zheng went to the Purple Soul Palace and flipped through many ancient books.
In one of the ancient books, there was a detailed description of godhoods.
All godhoods were condensed after a True God had gained a profound understanding of a certain Divine Dao and condensed into a cloud of Dao Essence!
These godhoods all had different shapes. Some were square, some were round, some were rectangular, some were even polygonal, and so on. If there were two godhoods, each would take half, and three godhoods would take one-third.
The edge of Luo Zheng's godhood was densely packed with scales, exactly the same as the Immeasurable Ruler. It was as if the ruler was wrapped around the edge of the godhood. Moreover, Luo Zheng could also comprehend the Dao Connotation of other Divine Daos from these scales.
After the Immeasurable Ruler's light beam shot into the godhood, it scattered three thousand rays of light. Most of the rays were pale golden, but some of them were different in color.
For example, the light beam that contained the Snow Imprint Divine Dao emitted a pale, cold light beam.
Whoosh!
His figure suddenly floated and shot down along with this cold light beam.
This cold light beam landed in the Primal Chaos Sea …
Around this light beam, faint snowflakes were slowly floating down. These snowflakes hid the Dao Connotation of the Snow Imprint Divine Dao, and the surface of the Primal Chaos Sea was slowly freezing.
Soon after, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed and appeared under another purple light beam.
This purple light beam landed on the coast of a continent.
On the coast, there were several hundred people pointing at this light beam. These people, born in Luo Zheng's Inner World, seemed to be puzzled as to why these light beams appeared.
"Is this purple light an auspicious sign?"
"I think there's something we can't understand hidden in this light beam …"
"I wonder what kind of genius can comprehend it?"
Just as these people were discussing, Luo Zheng's sudden appearance gave them a big fright.
In this world, there were many people who could teleport, but there was almost no one like Luo Zheng who could arrive without the slightest spatial fluctuation …
These people came from a Rank Six Holy Land on the continent. Among them, there were many who had reached the Divine Sea Realm. Their foresight was not bad!
"This is …" One of the Divine Sea Realm elders stared at Luo Zheng.
"It's World Bearing Knight!"
As the other middle-aged man at the Spirit Sea Realm said, he suddenly knelt down and bowed deeply towards Luo Zheng, "Greetings, Sir World Revered One!"
Luo Zheng had many nicknames in this world, which were passed down through the development of different cultures. In the culture of this continent, not only did Luo Zheng create this world, he also carried the entire world on his shoulders.
Under the worship of the two mighty warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm, almost everyone knelt down on the ground. There was a young warrior behind them who was not convinced. This person was a recognized genius in a sixth-rank sect and also the son of the Sect Master. At such a young age, he had achieved something that was beyond the reach of ordinary people. Naturally, he was arrogant to the extreme.
Although he had heard from his elders that he knew Luo Zheng's true identity, he still refused to kneel …
"Kneel down, Jianhua!"
The mighty warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm said hurriedly. He waved his hand and a gust of wind was about to force the young warrior to kneel down.
Noticing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He waved his hand and an invisible force spread out. "You may all rise."
These cultivators suddenly felt their knees lighten, and they couldn't help but stand up …
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to them anymore. He carefully observed this purple light.
After this light gathered here, it turned into strands of purple Qi, which kept flowing and jumping. This was the Taoist Connotation of the Purple Qi Divine Way. And this Taoist Connotation was inherited from the Taoist Stele set up by Aunt Han Jiu in the Heaven-Containing Palace.
In fact, the Taoist Connotation that Luo Zheng was absorbing was not the complete Taoist Connotation.
The Taoist Connotation of the Five Elements Divine Ways he had absorbed was indeed at the sixth level, first perfection. It could be considered complete …
As for the other Divine Ways, they were more or less incomplete. For example, the Purple Qi Divine Way only had the Purple Qi Transformation, the Spirit Splitting Thought, and the Purple Qi Carrying Luck. Because when Aunt Han Jiu set up the Taoist Stele, she was only an upper True God. She hadn't comprehended the complete Purple Qi Divine Way, let alone cultivated the Purple Sky Extinction Ground. Naturally, she couldn't gather the complete sixth level, first perfection, and seventh level Divine Ways.
"There are three thousand Taoist Steles in the Realm of the Gods. Could it be that these Taoist Steles were also derived from Taoist Connotation …?"
Looking at these strands of light, Luo Zheng's mind was also constantly beating. These strands of light were like the skeleton of a world, connected to the Godhood above. He gradually understood why his father had placed the Infinite Ruler in his mind.
His father knew that he had cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique.
His father and master might not have been able to foresee what stage he could cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Technique to, but they must have guessed what the final result would be.
True essence could evolve into a martial artist's inner world, which was a secondary world. As the martial artist's cultivation continued to increase, the inner world would also grow larger and larger. However, this world was ultimately a secondary world. Any creature in the secondary world could not leave the martial artist's dantian, otherwise they would be directly reduced to Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi.
And the final form of a secondary world could only be the universe.
Although the universe was vast and granted the Saints the ability to be immortal and indestructible, in the end, it was only a vassal of the Divine Realm!
But the inner world derived from the Primal Chaos was different. The final form of the inner world derived from the Primal Chaos was the Divine Realm. It was just that the process of constructing the Divine Realm was fundamentally different from the inner world. The Infinite Ruler was the key.
Therefore, his father might have guessed that he would reach this step sooner or later, so he gave him the Infinite Ruler.
The Infinite Ruler, the Primal Chaos Secret Technique …
He pondered silently. Perhaps the reason why the Luo Family was targeted by the Mu Family and the Dongfang Family and even destroyed was related to these things …
Just as Luo Zheng was pondering, the old martial artist at the Spirit Sea Realm on the coast finally plucked up his courage and slowly floated towards Luo Zheng. With a respectful expression, he called in a low voice, "Venerable Tuo Shi."
Luo Zheng was originally lost in thought. Then he turned his head and nodded slightly, "What's the matter?"
"This old man can see that this purple Qi seems to contain infinite truths. Can I comprehend a thing or two from it? I hope Venerable Tuo Shi can give me some advice … "the Spirit Sea Realm martial artist asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "Only women can cultivate the Taoist Connotation in it, and they must have the Extreme Purple Yin Body. If there is a woman in this world who has the Extreme Purple Yin Body, you can try."
"So it's the Taoist Connotation. I see." The old martial artist at the Spirit Sea Realm nodded hurriedly. Naturally, he was a little disappointed. Taoist Connotation was a very new word for him, let alone the Extreme Purple Yin Body. It seemed that he could only ask all the female disciples in the Sect to try.
"You can't cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Tao, but …" Luo Zheng pointed to the sky, "Do you see those rays of light?"
The old martial artist at the Spirit Sea Realm nodded hurriedly. Today's vision of heaven and earth was indeed extraordinary. He had followed one of the rays of light and led the elites of the Sect to this place.
"Except for the golden rays, you can learn the Taoist Connotation condensed by the other rays of light," Luo Zheng said.
Those golden rays of light were the Divine Tao that Luo Zheng had not included. Almost all the scales that had been included in the Divine Tao refracted rays of light that contained various auras and colors.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the old martial artist at the Spirit Sea Realm was both surprised and delighted. At this moment, he wished he could go there immediately. However, with Venerable Tuo Shi here, he dared not make any noise …
"Clatter …"
At this moment, a huge Realm Cloud suddenly appeared in the extreme distance of his Inner World …
Someone had stepped into the Realm Lord realm!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with surprise. The shadow of that Evil Deities flashed in his mind. Then, he smiled in relief. That Evil Deities' talent was indeed terrifying. He had just attained the Divine Tao, but he could also step into the Realm Lord realm right after him.
He said to the old martial artist indifferently, "Goodbye." His body flashed and disappeared in front of everyone without causing any spatial fluctuations.
Seeing Luo Zheng leave, the old martial artist at the Spirit Sea Realm suddenly turned his head and pointed to a grey ray of light not far away, "Quick, let's go there quickly. Don't let the Yin Sifting Sect get there first!" Halfway through, he shouted again, "Send more people here to guard this purple ray of light. Then bring all the female disciples of the Sect, no, all the female warriors of the Sect!"
The Yin Sifting Sect was also a sixth-rank Holy Land …

Chapter 1886
All the Holy Lands and big families in the Inner World took action one after another. They fought over the light rays that contained the Taoist Connotation, and even started a war between sects …
Back then, Luo Zheng didn't like the Evil Deities, so he built his own Divine Kingdom to collect the power of faith. After he suppressed the Evil Deities, the Evil Deities disbanded the Divine Kingdom and set a rule in his Inner World that all Warriors were not allowed to build their own Divine Kingdom, nor were they allowed to offer incense or absorb the power of faith.
Every time an ambitious person appeared and wanted to develop his Sect into a Divine Kingdom, the Evil Deities would intervene.
As the strongest in this world, the strength of the Evil Deities far exceeded that of ordinary Warriors. Although those ambitious people didn't know why the Evil Deities didn't allow it, they had no choice but to develop their Holy Lands. Therefore, this world only had Holy Lands and no Divine Kingdoms.
Luo Zheng didn't interfere with these Holy Lands fighting over the Dao Connotation in these rays of light. The evolution of a world was like the slow growth of a baby, and there was a natural law. As long as it didn't affect the balance of the world as seriously as the Evil Deities did, Luo Zheng generally wouldn't interfere.
On the peak of the Great Snow Mountain.
The Evil Deities sat cross-legged alone at the peak …
Since the Evil Deities retired, he had become a legend second only to the Creator, and played the role of a manager in this world.
Only a few top experts knew of the existence of the Evil Deities …
As the strange phenomena in the sky continued to appear, the Evil Deities felt the bottleneck on his body being lifted.
His bottleneck wasn't caused by himself, but by this world. This world couldn't tolerate the existence of a Realm Lord before, so he was destined to be unable to break through his cultivation.
However, when Luo Zheng completed his Godhood, he was like a wild horse that broke free of the restraints of this world and stepped into the Realm Lord realm.
After becoming a Realm Lord, he would disturb the world's essence and form a layer of Realm Cloud. It was this expanding Realm Cloud that attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
"Ten miles … Twenty miles … Thirty miles …"
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at the rapidly expanding Boundary Clouds, his eyes revealing a trace of surprise.
In the Great Yan Universe, even the most outstanding Sector Lord could only spread out 20 li of World Cloud. The stability of the Evil Deities' inner world far exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations!
"Huff huff …"
In the end, the Realm Cloud of Evil Deities stopped at a range of sixty kilometers.
Evil Deities naturally didn't understand what these realm clouds meant. After all, he was the first person to break through to the sector lord realm in this world. These 60 miles of realm clouds were enough to make anyone else feel inferior.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
A few figures were flying up the snowy mountain. They were Evil Deities' wives, daughters, and family. Evil Deities' family was currently living in seclusion on this snowy mountain. When they saw Evil Deities break through, they quickly rushed up.
"Father, you've made another breakthrough in your cultivation!"
"Congratulations, husband!"
"Father has finally broken through the bottleneck that has troubled him for so many years …"
Evil Deities also had a faint look of joy on his face. However, stepping into this new realm was only an insignificant achievement for him. When his Godhood condensed, Evil Deities understood that he had reached the end of the martial path. The more powerful Divine Dao was his starting point.
At this moment, he turned his gaze and saw a figure floating in the sky. Evil Deities stroked his daughter's hair and said to his wife, "I'll be back soon …"
With a wave of spatial laws, Evil Deities appeared in front of Luo Zheng. He didn't kneel as he knew that Luo Zheng didn't care about such formalities.
"Congratulations," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Evil Deities nodded, "Thank you …" He thought for a moment before asking, "There are new changes in this world. Has Lord also broken through?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"This world is too small, and it's limiting me. My Lord, can you increase your cultivation a little faster? Or can I go to a world outside of this world? "Evil Deities asked cautiously.
Evil Deities didn't like these invisible restrictions. He also believed that his cultivation speed was faster than Luo Zheng's. If he could break these shackles, his strength would surpass Lord's very quickly …
Luo Zheng stared at Evil Deities with a faint smile on his face. Then he said calmly, "Perhaps you still don't understand the nature of this world … It's your fortune to be born in this world. Or rather, it's your fortune."
Evil Deities' heart skipped a beat when he heard this. "What does Lord mean?"
Luo Zheng said calmly, "You must have tried to bring the creatures in your inner world into this world, right?"
Evil Deities nodded. After reaching the Ultimate Divine Realm, he had indeed tried to take out the creatures in his inner world. However, the moment he took them out, they instantly dissipated and turned into a wisp of vital essence …
Evil Deities couldn't understand this.
"The people outside of this world also have an inner world like yours. The creatures that leave their inner worlds end up exactly the same as what you saw," Luo Zheng continued.
In the Divine Territory, no matter if it was a Lower True God or a Perfect True God, they couldn't release the creatures in their inner worlds. The only place that could do so was the universe created by the Saints. Even the universe had strict restrictions. Only by entering the Divine Path and being recognized by the Divine Path could one become a "creature of the same level" and be qualified to enter the Divine Territory.
In the Great Yan Universe, Luo Zheng obtained the recognition of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao before he obtained the qualifications to enter the Divine Domain. Later on, in the Heaven-containing Mansion, he obtained the recognition of several hundred Divine Daos through the Immeasurable Ruler.
If it weren't for the fact that the chaotic world created by Luo Zheng was very special, Evil Deities wouldn't have been able to leave for the rest of his life. At least, he would have to wait until Luo Zheng became a Saint …
Evil Deities' expression changed slightly. "If I leave this world, will I also turn into a ball of Vital Essence like the creatures in my inner world?"
"That's compared to the inner worlds created by other True Gods. The world I created is a little special. The creatures that leave this world won't turn into Vital Essence. When the time is right, I'll let you leave naturally …" Luo Zheng said lightly.
Hearing this, Evil Deities' eyes revealed a strange expression. He didn't understand some of the words of the Lord. There seemed to be other Gods in the Lord's world? The inner worlds created by those Gods were the same as his.
Why was the Lord's inner world different?
How many Gods were there in the Lord's world?
Could they also cultivate the Taoist Connotation …
Evil Deities' mind was filled with countless questions.
It wasn't that Evil Deities wasn't smart. In fact, he was extremely talented.
It was just that he was limited by the natural order of life!
Evil Deities, who grew up in this relatively small world, couldn't understand the vastness of the Divine Realm. According to his current thinking, he thought that Luo Zheng's world was about the same size as his.
"Now that my Godhood has been formed, there are some things I need to trouble you with," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Although some people in this world knew of Luo Zheng's existence, they didn't form a unified belief. After condensing the Godhood, Luo Zheng could absorb the Power of Faith through the Godhood.
The Power of Faith was the "momentum" of a world. After becoming a True God, the Divine Warriors would abandon Vital Essence and use the Power of Faith instead. This way, they could avoid consuming the Qi of Chaos.
However, Luo Zheng was still a little hesitant about whether to choose the Power of Faith or to continue using the Qi of Chaos.
For ordinary True Gods, using Vital Essence to cast Magical Powers consumed too much energy. If the consumption was excessive, it could even cause the entire inner world to collapse and need to be rebuilt. Naturally, the loss outweighed the gain. However, Luo Zheng's Qi of Chaos was more durable than Vital Essence. Moreover, Luo Zheng's World Tree could still continuously absorb the Qi of Chaos from outside the world. Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to use the Power of Faith.
However, Luo Zheng needed to figure out what was the difference between the Power of Faith produced by the Qi of Chaos and the Power of Faith of other True Gods.

Chapter 1887
Soon after, Luo Zheng looked around and pointed at a mountain peak on one side of the Snowy Mountain.
All the snow on that mountain peak disappeared, revealing a dark blue rock wall.
With a wave of his hand, Luo Zheng's mountain peak floated up. Under Luo Zheng's control, this huge mountain peak continuously split apart. For a moment, smoke and dust billowed and stone fragments danced in the air.
Seeing this scene, the Evil Deities were secretly shocked.
Relying on the power of the Evil Deities, it was very easy to destroy a mountain peak, but to lift it as easily as if it was as light as a feather, and even casually carve it, it was impossible.
Not long after, that huge mountain peak turned into huge rocks. Then, Luo Zheng slightly closed his eyes and an invisible power spread out from his body. In this world, he was an omniscient and omnipotent existence, so he had no resistance to any kind of power.
After that invisible power brushed past, the surface of all the huge rocks turned into fine powder and drifted away with the wind.
When all the powder was peeled off, these huge rocks turned into huge statues of Luo Zheng, floating in the air.
"I'll place these 100 statues in every corner of this world. I'll leave the rest to you." After saying that, Luo Zheng's figure strangely disappeared in the air again. Together with the 100 statues that covered the sky and the sun, he disappeared as well.
Not long after, Luo Zheng appeared in Cui Song City, thousands of miles away from the Snowy Mountain.
When he strangely floated in the air without triggering any restrictions in the city, he attracted the attention of many people. Many cultivators pointed at Luo Zheng, speculating about his identity.
Then, Luo Zheng gently waved his hand.
"Boom!"
A huge statue fell on the open space of Cui Song City, causing the entire city to tremble. Luo Zheng then disappeared in front of everyone without looking back.
The moment Luo Zheng's statue fell on the ground, it seemed as if it was connected to the entire city. At the same time, it emitted an irresistible majesty, as if it was above all living things.
"This, this is a statue of God!"
"This is a statue of my Lord …"
"This statue will be a divine object of Jadepine City. No one is allowed to violate it!"
The warriors around the open space knelt down one after another, worshipping the statue of Luo Zheng. The statue itself emitted a sacred and inviolable aura. Under the shroud of this aura, it was difficult for anyone to get close to the statue. Just by looking at it, one would feel an irresistible sense of awe, which came from the instinctive awe of living creatures.
"Tian Yun City …"
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's statue fell into the central square of Sky Fortune City …
Qingxuan Holy Ground …
"Boom …"
Luo Zheng placed statues of himself in all the main cities and holy lands …
After finishing all of this, he finally came to an end. Then, his incarnation turned into a stream of Chaos Qi and quietly disappeared from this world.
Next, Evil Deities gathered all the strong people in this world and announced the establishment of a secret cult.
Most of the leaders of the holy lands didn't like secret cults. After all, these leaders were the highest rulers of the holy lands. Accepting this secret cult was equivalent to giving up a portion of their power.
But although Evil Deities had been in seclusion for countless years, they still had absolute power in this world. No one dared to disobey them.
Moreover, Evil Deities was working for the 'Lord' of this world. Who would dare to slight them?
Not long after …
Secret cult temples were set up in the various cities.
Whether it was mortals or warriors, they all had to worship Luo Zheng's statue and contribute their faith.
The power of faith also flowed endlessly into Luo Zheng's godhood …
…
…
When Han Liusu defeated Anonymous and obtained extra points, it confirmed that Anonymous came from Han Jia.
The Qin Family ranked below Han Jia, as well as the Tang Family and other families ranked above them, were helpless. The floating island ranking was about to begin, and in this month, Han Jia's disciples had all gone through three battles. They simply didn't have a chance to attack Han Jia.
As for Han Liusu, after obtaining Anonymous's points, she naturally wouldn't return to the Arena of Gods …
Two days later …
The wind in the Sea of Time grew stronger and stronger. The beautiful Sea of Time turned into waves that kept rolling on the surface of the sea.
Occasionally, a few strange fish would come out of the sea. These creatures that wandered the fragments of time had very mysterious powers. They could prevent themselves from being torn apart by the Sea of Time …
The growing wind was like a pair of chopsticks stuck into muddy water, constantly stirring up the thick clouds. The thick clouds that couldn't be dispersed were like a giant spiral, spiraling above the Sea of Time.
At the edge of the Purple Soul Palace, there was a floating observation platform. Many female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace stood there. These female disciples all had haggard looks on their faces.
In the past few months, for the sake of points, they had fought hard in the Arena of Gods. But due to their limited strength, the points they obtained were still limited.
A few days ago, the Purple Soul Palace's points were calculated. They were far from meeting their master's requirements. Almost everyone fell into despair. According to Aunt Han Jiu, most of them would be leaving Han Jia's floating island.
To be able to enter the center of the divine realm and enter a rich family, every female in the Purple Soul Palace was the pride of their clan.
Once they were expelled from the floating island, it would be an unimaginable nightmare for them.
But they never would've thought that a day ago, a piece of news suddenly spread. Han Jia's eldest princess Han Liusu had suddenly defeated an anonymous person who had participated in the leapfrog battle. In one battle, she had obtained nearly two million points!
This meant that Han Jia had gained a Paragon out of nowhere.
It was this piece of news that saved the Purple Soul Palace disciples from despair …
"Say, what kind of person do you think that anonymous person is? A Proving Divinity expert can accumulate several million points. I worked myself to death just to accumulate two hundred points. "A female sighed.
"Hahaha, the most important thing is that the anonymous person lost to the eldest princess. He gave away all the points he had painstakingly accumulated. I think that anonymous genius must be heartbroken!" Another female laughed.
"You all have pig brains. Think carefully … Why did the anonymous person lose to the eldest princess? It's said that the anonymous person is from our Han Jia. He lost to the eldest princess on purpose! "
"There's such a thing?"
"I don't really believe it. The eldest princess's strength is already extraordinary. She's ranked third among the lower true gods. It's normal for the anonymous person to lose to the eldest princess!"
Quite a few female faces were filled with shock …
These low-level true gods and Proving Divinities of the rich families had very limited sources of information. Now, all the rich families had confirmed that the anonymous person came from Han Jia, or even the Purple Soul Palace. However, most of the female members of the Purple Soul Palace didn't know.
Luo Zheng sat at the edge of the observation deck, overlooking the boundless sea of time. Hearing all sorts of discussions and guesses, he smiled faintly. At least the Purple Soul Palace had been saved for Aunt Han Jiu. He had also successfully stepped into the true god realm.
Ever since his godhood had formed, he could feel the power of faith in his body surging. However, he hadn't had a chance to use it. He also didn't dare enter the Arena of Gods at such a sensitive time …
Aunt Han Jiu secretly told him not to act rashly. After the ranking ended, the Dongfang family could come to the Han Jia at any time. At that time, she would also face great pressure.
"I wonder how Han Liusu is doing these days." Thinking of Han Liusu's gaze that day, it was like a needle piercing the soft part of his heart. However, his eyes quickly flashed with a cold light. "Forget it. As long as I enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain, everything will be put down …"
Once the ranking ended, the forbidden area would be opened. As long as he entered Buzhou Spirit Mountain, everything would end. The pressure from the Dongfang family would naturally disappear. So what if they knew his true identity?
Although that was what she thought, she still felt a little uncomfortable in her heart …
"Hey! Luo Tianxing, you've only been here for a few months and you've already proven your godhood! How can you advance so quickly? "A pretty girl suddenly asked.
Luo Zheng joining the Purple Soul Palace as a man was already eye-catching. Not long after joining, he had already broken through to the True God Realm. Naturally, this attracted the curiosity of some girls …
"I've been stuck at the Proving God Realm for thousands of years. When I entered the floating island, I was able to comprehend the Purple Soul Palace's subtleties. I broke through the bottleneck and became a True God," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"I see. Then you're considered lucky. I've been in the Purple Soul Palace for more than thirty years, but my cultivation hasn't improved." The girl shook her head.
"There will always be opportunities. The only thing lacking in the path of godhood is opportunity," Luo Zheng comforted her.
"Mm." The girl nodded. Suddenly, she pointed below and said, "Look, the floating island is starting to move. The ranking has begun …"
"Rumble …"
Following a dull rumble, Luo Zheng saw the Xie Clan and Liu Clan's floating islands slowly rise up. At the same time, the Luo Clan's floating island began to slowly descend. It was actually falling into the Sea of Time!

Chapter 1888
The ranking of the 36 floating islands in the Sea of Time started from the bottom.
The Luo Clan's floating island was originally ranked third from the bottom. Now that the Xie and Zhou Clans' floating islands had moved up, the Luo Clan's floating island had started to move down slowly …
According to the ranking rules of the Sea of Time, the last floating island would be removed from the Sea of Time and replaced by a new wealthy clan.
Of course, the new wealthy clan had to have a Saint overseeing it.
The most powerful Saints in the Divine Dominion were almost all gathered in the Sea of Time, but not all of them were here. Although some large clans had Saints, their overall strength was too weak and could not compete with the wealthy clans on the floating islands. Therefore, they were not qualified to become wealthy clans.
"The Luo Clan can't hold on this time?"
"There's no other way. The Saint Halls have long been unhappy with the Luo Clan's empty floating island. There's no one on it, and it even took up a spot!"
"The Xie and Liu Clans originally came from the east of the Divine Dominion. They were wealthy clans supported by the Dongfang Clan. This time, these two clans performed extremely well in the Arena of Gods. I'm afraid they won't be able to maintain the Luo Clan's ranking with the few points Yu Taibai earned …"
These women were also talking about the Luo Clan's floating island. When they mentioned the Luo Clan's floating island, many people thought it was a miracle. They had relied on one person's points to stand in the Sea of Time for so many years and had not fallen into the Sea of Time.
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng's frown deepened.
"Huff … Huff …"
His clothes fluttered in the wind. He was like a statue as he stared at the Luo Clan's floating island. In his subconscious, this floating island seemed to have something important. If it fell into the Sea of Time, he would miss it for the rest of his life.
When the Luo Clan's floating island descended to the second last level, the Zhou Clan's floating island, which was ranked fourth from the bottom, suddenly shook and began to move downward rapidly!
"Look, the Zhou Clan's floating island is also moving …"
"This time, the Zhou Clan's performance is not very good. It's said that they are being suppressed by the other wealthy clans!"
"I wonder who will be last between the Zhou Clan and the Luo Clan?"
Noticing the Zhou Clan's floating island that was rapidly descending, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly. A glimmer of hope rose in his heart.
Every floating island was a huge monster the size of a city.........................
Soon after …
The Luo Clan's floating island swayed in a circle below the second-to-last level, and after a slight tremble, it actually came to a steady stop. Meanwhile, the Zhou Clan's floating island descended from the side of the Luo Clan's floating island, taking the lead and stopping at the 36th position.
"The Zhou Clan … has been eliminated by the Templars!"
"Looks like the Luo Clan's floating island has escaped yet again …"
"I'm afraid I won't have a chance in the next floating island ranking!"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng heaved a deep sigh of relief.
The Luo Family's floating island was already in such a dilapidated state. It was nothing more than a barren floating island in the Sea of Time. There was no point in leaving it there, but Yu Taibai had desperately tried to keep it there. There had to be some other reason.
As for Luo Zheng, although he had never set foot on the Luo Family's floating island in his life, there was an indistinct bond between him and this floating island. He did not wish for this floating island to be buried.
'If there's a chance, I'll definitely make this floating island surpass all the other major clans,' Luo Zheng thought to himself.
The upper echelons of the major clans already knew the ranking. On the last day of the ranking, every major clan had someone in charge of calculating the points.
After the Zhou Clan's floating island fell to the last place, they finally notified everyone to evacuate the floating island …
Whether it was the Zhou Clan's external martial artists or the Zhou Clan's main clan members, they all had sorrowful expressions on their faces.
The Zhou Clan could be considered an old major clan in the Sea of Time. They had already entered the Sea of Time 340 divine epochs ago. At the same time, they had brought all the core members of the Zhou Clan into the floating island.
The Zhou Clan had once had a glorious period. About 180 divine epochs ago, the Zhou Clan had even entered the top five rankings.
At that time, the Zhou Clan had never imagined that they would be forced to leave the Sea of Time one day …
From all around the Sea of Time, there was an endless stream of Blind Tribesmen driving small boats over and picking up the Zhou Clan's members one by one. Luo Zheng also noticed that apart from the small boats, the Blind Tribesmen also had large boats that were hundreds of feet long …
The Blind Tribesmen were rather efficient. There were actually tens of thousands of small boats and large boats that had gathered from all directions. They were like brown leaves that constantly floated over and carried people back and forth.
However, there were also many people in the Zhou Clan. There were probably more than 700,000 to 800,000 main clan members and external martial artists. It would not be easy to transport so many people out in a short period of time …
Looking down at the scene of the Zhou Clan moving out of the Sea of Time, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. 'The Zhou Clan's floating island fell into the Sea of Time because they were suppressed by the Grand Clans Alliance. The Dongfang Clan and the Mu Clan supported the Xie Clan and the Liu Clan to suppress the Zhou Clan. Instead of eliminating the Luo Clan, they directly drove the Zhou Clan out of the Sea of Time …
'The Zhou Clan's Saint must also have a grudge against the Dongfang Clan …
'I wonder if there's any possibility of roping in these Saints who were eliminated from the Sea of Time …'
He pondered hard in his mind. Suddenly, he grinned and shook his head with a smile. His father's plan could be said to have scruples in all aspects. What he could think of, his father must have made arrangements. Suddenly, Luo Zheng felt that the situation was not as pessimistic as he had imagined.
When the Zhou Clan's people left their floating islands, the Xie Clan and the Liu Clan's floating islands could be said to be soaring. These two Grand Clans at the bottom kept surpassing the other floating islands.
The Xie Clan finally stopped at 17th place, while the Liu Clan stopped at 13th place!
"Sigh, the Xie Clan and the Liu Clan are sensible people. After becoming Grand Clans, they immediately sought refuge with the Dongfang Clan. The Dongfang Clan will naturally join forces with the other Grand Clans to raise their rankings!"
"In the future, the All Saints Hall will probably belong to the Dongfang Clan …"
The female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace sighed softly.
The positions of the 36 floating islands were constantly changing. This time, the ranking of the floating islands changed greatly, but most of it was within expectations.
"Rumble …"
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a tremor beneath his feet. The entire floating island began to slowly float upwards.
The Han Clan was previously ranked 10th out of the 36 floating islands. Now, under the constant tremors, it actually surpassed the Tang Clan, the Gu Clan, and the Fang Clan, finally stopping at 7th place!
And the Gu Clan's floating island, which was originally ranked 8th, actually fell straight down, from 8th place to 17th place!
Because the Gu Clan had two extremely powerful Paragon existences, Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng, in addition to the Gu Clan having very few people, they had a huge advantage in the calculation of points. The Gu Clan's floating island had always been relatively stable. It was almost unprecedented for it to suddenly fall so much, causing many disciples of the Grand Clans to sigh.
Many people only just remembered that the Gu Clan's two people didn't seem to have participated in the public battle of the floating islands this time.
After all the floating islands were once again ranked, the disciples of the Zhou Clan's floating island also completely evacuated. Under everyone's gaze, the majestic floating island tilted slightly to the side, and swept towards the Sea of Time.
The moment the huge floating island came into contact with the Sea of Time, the originally magnificent and colorful Sea of Time seemed to have turned into a ruthless giant beast. Under the constant chewing, it tore the floating island into pieces and then devoured it completely in the blink of an eye. Not even a bit of residue was left, nor did it cause any waves.

Chapter 1889
The Spirit Heart Palace was immersed in a peaceful atmosphere …
The palace maids used the God Willow Dew to sprinkle around the palace, coating the entire palace with a layer of flawless radiance.
Tianxiao and the Han Clan's upper echelons were already seated. To them, preserving the Han Clan's floating island's ranking was their greatest goal! If they didn't reach the required points in the final stage, then as previously agreed, they would disband the Purple Soul Palace and get rid of the women from the Purple Soul Palace.
But in the last two days, Han Liusu won against Anonymous, and the Eldest Princess single-handedly turned the tables on the Han Clan. Relying on the Eldest Princess's two million points, not only did the Han Clan's floating island not fall, it even rose to third place. It could be said to be a miracle.
Aunt Hanjiu wore a purple robe. That kind of beautiful aura isolated her from the rest of the world. She reclined on a long bench, her gaze drifting. No one knew what she was thinking.
"Actually, the biggest contributor to our Han Clan this time is none other than Second Sage. I didn't expect Second Sage to send out such a handsome disciple at such a crucial time!" Tianxiao laughed.
Everyone in the Han Clan looked at Aunt Hanjiu, their eyes full of admiration.
Aunt Hanjiu raised her head slightly, a trace of confusion in her eyes. She asked back, "What does Clan Leader mean? The biggest contributor this time should be Eldest Princess, right? "
"Hahaha, Second Sage is too humble. If that Anonymous wasn't your disciple, how could he have lost so easily to Eldest Princess? Moreover, the God Slaughtering Sword Formation that Anonymous used came from Second Sage's unique ability. "Tianxiao continued," Today is the Han Clan's celebration. Why don't Second Sage bring out such a genius disciple for us to see? "
Aunt Hanjiu glanced at Tianxiao, "I don't know what Clan Leader is talking about. My Purple Soul Palace doesn't have such a person. I've heard that this anonymous person is proficient in my Butchering God Sword Array. What's even more peculiar is that he can use a transcendent divine ability to use the Void Sword. It's truly inconceivable.
Many people had already determined that Anonymous was in the Han Clan, in the Purple Soul Palace, and had even received Aunt Hanjiu's teachings. He was her new disciple.
But Aunt Hanjiu couldn't reveal Luo Zheng's identity.
If Luo Zheng was an ordinary genius, it would be fine. But if the Dongfang family insisted on asking for an anonymous person, it was not a big deal to give it to them.
However, Luo Zheng's identity was extremely sensitive. He had to enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain as soon as possible. If Luo Zheng really went to the Dongfang family, it would be difficult to predict whether it would be a blessing or a curse. If he was exposed, it would be a disaster for him …
Therefore, after Luo Zheng went into seclusion, Aunt Hanjiu deliberately kept a distance from him to avoid being noticed.
As for the question of who it was, she could just play dumb. At the very least, there was no direct evidence to prove that the anonymous person was in the Purple Soul Palace...
"Is that anonymous person really not in the Purple Soul Palace?" Tian Xiao looked at Han Jiu Yi's expression, his face also showed surprise, he originally thought that Han Jiu Yi would openly admit it.
"This anonymous person could be in the Mu family, or in our Han family, or in the Leng family. Of course, he could also be in the Purple Soul Palace, but I have no idea who he is." Aunt Hanjiu continued to shake her head and smile.
With Aunt Hanjiu's answer, Han Tian Xiao's expression slightly froze, he didn't know how to continue.
According to what Aunt Hanjiu said, the anonymous person really wasn't from the Han family? Just a coincidence that he lost to the eldest princess? That really was Han family's great fortune!
At this time, a faint laughter sounded, echoing throughout the Spirit Heart Palace.
Hearing this laughter, the guards, maids, and many true gods in the palace all knelt down and said in unison, "We welcome the arrival of the Holy Emperor!"
As the Holy Emperor of Han family, Emperor Hanqing rarely showed himself.
Although the Han family's floating island's rise in ranking was something worth celebrating, the Holy Emperor's appearance in the Spirit Heart Palace was even more unexpected.
Aunt Hanjiu's face showed a meaningful smile, she slowly stood up and slightly bowed to Emperor Hanqing.
Emperor Hanqing smiled and said, "If this is all a coincidence, then the anonymous person wouldn't have lost to Liusu. If he belongs to the Han family, then he purposely lost to Liusu because he didn't want to be exposed. I heard from Liusu that the anonymous person didn't want to join the Dongfang family."
"Perhaps so. I just don't know." Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly. She had been dissatisfied with Emperor Hanqing for a long time. This Holy Emperor had long since lost his ambition. In recent years, he had been leaning towards the Dongfang family.
At this time, Emperor Hanqing suddenly put away his smile. Those deep eyes seemed to contain the time of several worlds. He stared at Aunt Hanjiu and said, "No matter who that person is, no matter what your intentions are, you must find him."
The smile on Aunt Hanjiu's face suddenly froze, and the peaceful atmosphere in the Spirit Heart Palace disappeared without a trace.
Han Tian Xiao and the others all sat up straight. They didn't know why the Holy Emperor had suddenly changed his expression. There seemed to be something they didn't know …
"What is the meaning of this, Holy Emperor? I don't understand. "Aunt Hanjiu's face was covered in a thin layer of frost.
"The Dongfang family must find him. The Han family can't do that." Emperor Hanqing continued.
Aunt Hanjiu snorted, "And if I say no?"
Since the words had already been spoken, Aunt Hanjiu also knew that there was no point in playing dumb and did not continue to conceal it.
Emperor Hanqing smiled coldly, "Tomorrow is the Ling Sun. After that, the Dongfang family will personally send people. If you can deal with them, then you have the ability."
With that, Emperor Hanqing turned to leave …
"Emperor Hanqing!"
Aunty Hanjiu suddenly shouted. Her body tensed up, outlining her perfect curves. Her face was filled with anger.
Even a quasi-sage like Aunt Hanjiu couldn't call him by his name …
Han Tian Xiao and the others gasped. Their Sages and quasi-sages wouldn't make a move, would they?
Emperor Hanqing stopped in his tracks.
"Does the Han family need to become someone else's vassal?" Aunt Hanjiu asked.
As the master of the universe, the Saints had already surpassed the category of Gods. After constructing a huge and complex world, their understanding of the world and life had increased to another level. It could be said that every Saint had absolute wisdom. They had seen the collapse of the world, seen the birth and death of billions of lives, and experienced the endless reincarnation of life and death.
How could a Sage like that become someone else's vassal?
In Aunt Hanjiu's eyes, Emperor Hanqing was a domineering existence. The Han family had never relied on anyone before. Why had it changed so much in recent years?
Emperor Hanqing stared at Aunt Hanjiu. "No one has the right to make me his vassal. Leng Yao, Mu Haiji, and even Dongfang Chunjun …"

Chapter 1890
Emperor Han Qing's last words were profound. Aunt Han Jiu, Han Tianxiao, and the rest of the Han Family's upper echelons were stunned.
Over the years, the Han Family had been trying to get close to the Dongfang Family. This was the Holy King's decision, and the Han Family's people had no reason to object. Aunt Han Jiu didn't like it, but she didn't say anything. After all, this rich family, the floating island, and the Han Family's business had all been created by Emperor Han Qing.
Now that he heard Emperor Han Qing's words, he seemed to have other plans …
"I don't know what the Holy King is planning." Han Tianxiao laughed dryly. As the leader of the Han Family, he smelled danger.
From the perspective of Han Tianxiao and the other Han Family members, joining the alliance of rich families wasn't a big deal. In fact, there were many benefits. After all, the Dongfang Family controlled the Saints. As long as the Swords and Xuanyue Family's Saints didn't say anything, Dongfang Chunjun had the final say in the Saints.
If you wanted to stabilize your position in the Sea of Time, you had to get close to the Dongfang Family. For example, the last two families, the Xie Family and the Liu Family, had soared with the help of the Dongfang Family.
"Emperor Han Qing won't submit to anyone. I don't know what he's doing, but if he wants to take advantage of Dongfang Chunjun, he'll have to drag the entire Han Family down with him." Aunt Han Jiu left after saying this.
Ever since the Saints had been established, the elysian lands had been stable for thousands of eras …
Aunt Han Jiu was still a woman. She had vaguely understood that Luo Xiao and Gu Bei's plan could cause chaos in the elysian lands, but she hadn't thought about her own future or the Han Family's future. She hadn't come up with a clear strategy.
Now it seemed that Emperor Han Qing had seen further than she had. He'd already chosen a path.
Before Luo Zheng had come to the floating island, she'd been thinking about building another one. She'd been thinking about the next opportunity to become a True Saint …
So what should she do?
At this time, the image of Luo Zheng flashed through Aunt Hanjiu's mind.
Perhaps her choice should be simpler?
…
…
After the floating island's ranking was decided, Luo Zheng returned to the Purple Soul Palace's training room.
After forming his godhood, he began to gather faith.
The Evil Deities acted very quickly. The martial artists in the Inner World, and even the intelligent creatures of other races, began to worship Luo Zheng's statue.
Many years ago, Luo Zheng had witnessed the power of faith in the universe. For example, Soot's greatest reliance was the power of faith accumulated by the Demon Night Clan. This kind of power could be considered a kind of spiritual energy. After accumulating it, it would undergo a quantitative change. The Demon Night Clan even used a special Faith Pool to store the power of faith.
As for the Ancestral Dragon, it fed on the power of faith to grow rapidly.
But in Luo Zheng's Inner World, a very strange scene occurred.
The statue erected in Jadepine City quickly became a holy object in everyone's hearts. Every day, there would be people worshipping it, offering their faith power to their Lord.
Luo Zheng's statue also didn't need to be cleaned. All the dust and filth couldn't contaminate the statue of the Lord.
But on a certain day, after a young warrior finished worshipping, he looked up and said, "Master! The statue of the Lord has turned black! "
In the Esoteric Religion established by the Evil Deities, staring at Luo Zheng's statue was a blasphemous act. Most people lowered their heads and worshipped it. By the time the young warrior said it, Luo Zheng's statue was already quite black.
In fact, it wasn't just the statue in Jadepine City. The hundreds of statues scattered around the world were also dyed black after a period of time.
And the more people worshipped, the darker the statue …
"Who defiled the Lord's statue!"
"Who has such guts?"
"Find him and burn him to death …"
The devout people in Jadepine City clamored. They had forgotten that these statues emitted a sacred and inviolable aura. Almost no one could approach these statues!
Luo Zheng's Inner Avatar and the Evil Deities appeared in the sky above Jadepine City once again.
The Evil Deities looked at Luo Zheng's black statue with a puzzled expression. "This shouldn't be! How could the power of faith make the statue become like this? "
According to the time of this world, the Evil Deities also collected the power of faith tens of thousands of years ago. At that time, Luo Zheng hadn't condensed his Godhood and couldn't use the power of faith. The power of faith collected by the Evil Deities at that time was normal. Luo Zheng had also seen it with his own eyes.
But after condensing his Godhood and formally absorbing the power of faith, this kind of inexplicable thing happened. Naturally, he was very puzzled.
Luo Zheng stepped forward and stretched out his hand to touch his statue. A strange expression appeared on his face. He glanced at the people kneeling on the ground, then said to the Evil Deities: "Take this statue away first."
After saying that, Luo Zheng and the statue disappeared from Jadepine City's square at the same time. The Evil Deities naturally followed Luo Zheng and left.
Unexpectedly, as soon as Luo Zheng took the statue away, the people worshipping the statue actually started to wail.
"Lord, don't abandon us!"
"We are your most loyal servants …"
"…"
It turned out that these people thought that Luo Zheng was taking his anger out on them, which was why he took the statue away. After continuously worshipping it, Luo Zheng had already become their spiritual sustenance.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng once again returned to his original place and curled his lips. Originally, he was rather disgusted with secret religions. But after attaining the Divine Path, collecting the power of faith and using the "power of faith" in his inner world was practically a compulsory course.
Only Saints didn't care about Faith Energy. Because they could utilize the 'force' of the entire universe at will. For example, during the War of the Universe, regardless of whether it was the largest ferocious beast or the smallest blade of grass, all of them emanated that 'force'. Saints didn't have to absorb Faith Energy intentionally. Even if someone established a secret sect in the universe or seized Faith Energy like the Yao Ye Clan, Saints couldn't be bothered to interfere.
Helpless, Luo Zheng gently waved his hand, and a brand-new statue rose from the ground amidst the slight earthquake. Luo Zheng turned around and left amidst the intense cheers.
On top of the snowy mountain …
The pitch-black statue was particularly eye-catching against the backdrop of the white snow.
Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed one of the statue's hands. With a light twist, the stone hand immediately shattered. At the same time, a faint power was emitted from the broken stone. He looked at the broken stone in his hand and said, "It's also black inside …"
Evil Deities also picked up a broken stone and pondered, "The aura emitted by this stone is very similar to the power of faith, but why is it black?"
"Black power of faith … what secret religion did you establish?" Luo Zheng asked.
The believers had different beliefs, so the color and aura of the power of faith they produced were also different.
For example, Xun was the King of Massacre of the Yao Ye clan. When countless people of the Yao Ye clan worshipped Xun, they would all emit a killing intent. Therefore, Xun's statue was blood red. The power of faith gathered by her faith pool was like a pool of blood. This power of faith also contained a ruthless and murderous intent.

Chapter 1891
Another example was Ying, the King of Life. The Power of Faith she collected contained the vitality of life. Therefore, her statue was green, and so was the Power of Faith, which contained endless Power of Life.
If the Evil Deities established a cult, it was possible to produce this kind of black Power of Faith.
When Luo Zheng asked this question, the Evil Deities instantly understood what he meant. They shook their heads and said, "This is absolutely impossible. The Esoteric Cult was established according to the previous method. There can't be any mistakes. What's more, as you can see, those believers are not evil people. They can't bring this black Power of Faith, and all the statues in the world are the same."
Luo Zheng nodded and looked at his statue. "Well, I don't feel any evil in this power, but why is it like this …"
The Power of Faith could not be separated from the stone. How could it be used?
According to the process of condensing the Power of Faith, the accumulated Power of Faith would automatically flow into the Godhead and be stored. The Godhead was equivalent to the Pool of Faith.
But how could these black stones be stored …
"It should be a problem caused by practicing the Secret Arts of Chaos," Luo Zheng thought and frowned.
Luo Zheng might have gained a lot from practicing the Secret Arts of Chaos, but he also encountered a lot of trouble along the way. It was not easy to condense the Godhead by accident, but now he encountered a new problem.
While Luo Zheng was thinking, the Evil Deities seemed to think of something and said, "Lord, some strange things have happened in this world, and some things have appeared … In fact, they are somewhat similar to these black stones."
"Say it," Luo Zheng said.
"Lord, please come with me," the Evil Deities said and went through space.
Luo Zheng's figure disappeared and followed the Evil Deities to another continent.
The continent in his Inner World was divided into seven pieces. Tens of thousands of years ago, the continent in front of him was called the Demon Slayer Continent. Because it was connected to the World Tree a long time ago, the warriors on this continent called the green creatures on the World Tree monsters. For this reason, countless years of struggle were waged. This was also the origin of the name "Demon Slayer Continent".
"Lord, it's there," the Evil Deities said, pointing ahead.
On a hilly area of the Demon Slaying Continent, there was a faint layer of golden light. The area covered by this layer of golden light was like a huge gourd.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face showed surprise. "How did this golden light come about?"
He had the ability to be omniscient and omnipotent in this world, but he could not find any origin. In other words, the area covered by the golden light was out of his control.
Luo Zheng could not understand why he could not fully control the world he created …
"I'm not sure. It seems to have appeared not long after Lord condensed his Godhood. This golden light has a strong repulsive force. If you want to enter, you can only enter through the entrance of the gourd," the Evil Deities said and flew down, heading for the gourd-shaped entrance.
"A gourd-shaped area, and there's only one entrance …" Luo Zheng thought and then entered.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped in, he saw the woods in front of him shake, and several tall and sturdy blue giants came out. These giants had three eyes, and their faces were violent and terrifying. They had a pair of protruding fangs in their mouths, and they were extremely fierce. They roared and rushed toward Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed with their thick legs, causing the earth to tremble.
At this moment, a thin line of snow quietly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. That line of snow quietly hovered in front of Luo Zheng and wrapped around the two-headed giants. Then, with a whoosh, the two-headed giants were wrapped in the blue Ice Soul Devil Flame and turned into ice sculptures in the blink of an eye.
It was the Evil Deities who made the move.
"Ice Soul Devil Flame … Good control," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Thank you for your praise, Lord." The Evil Deities cupped his hands, a trace of pride on his face. In this world, he could look down on everyone, but the only person he admired was Luo Zheng.
Then, the Evil Deities said, "I came here once before. These two-headed giants aren't very powerful, but there are also ten-eyed giants, hundred-eyed giants, and even a thousand-eyed giant. I couldn't defeat that thousand-eyed giant, so I could only retreat."
"There are creatures stronger than you?" Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the Evil Deities were more talented than most of the geniuses he had seen. Moreover, every time he had a breakthrough, the Evil Deities would always be able to cultivate to the upper limit of this world.
How could there be an existence in this world that the Evil Deities couldn't fight against? If there was, it could only be Luo Zheng himself.
"Take me there," Luo Zheng ordered.
The two of them, one in front and one behind, constantly shuttled through this area.
Just as the Evil Deities had said, in this special area shrouded in golden light, there were indeed all kinds of giants. These giants generally had multiple eyes, and some giants even had eyes all over their bodies. They looked very strange and terrifying, as if these creatures shouldn't exist at all …
The more eyes the giants had, the bigger they were, and the stronger they were.
At first, the Evil Deities led the way. The three-eyed giants, ten-eyed giants, and Evil Deities were easy to deal with, but the hundred-eyed giants that appeared later were more difficult to deal with. Although there weren't many of them, the Evil Deities often needed hundreds of rounds to kill them.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng stretched out his finger and pointed lightly at the three hundred-eyed giants beside the Evil Deities. The nine stars in the sky flashed slightly, and an invisible force descended from the nine stars, instantly tearing these hundred-eyed giants to pieces …
"Let's go," Luo Zheng said faintly. It was now his turn to lead the way.
The Evil Deities smiled slightly. The last time he entered this place, he also took a big risk. When he faced the Thousand-Eyed Giant alone, he almost didn't manage to escape.
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally found the Thousand-Eyed Giant that the Evil Deities had mentioned. This giant was nearly ten thousand feet tall, and the surrounding hills were just small slopes compared to it!
Just now, Luo Zheng didn't find such a huge monster outside the area covered by the golden light. This meant that the golden light had indeed blinded him. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng felt an indescribable strangeness in his heart.
"Ao!"
When the Thousand-Eyed Giant saw Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities, it didn't say anything and swung its mountain-like fist at them.
In the face of this sky-covering fist, Luo Zheng stretched out his finger and pointed lightly. The fist suddenly stopped in mid-air, unable to advance any further. Then, Luo Zheng flicked it lightly, and an even more fierce and domineering force directly overturned this huge monster.
"Rumble …"
When the Thousand-Eyed Giant fell to the ground, the entire area shook constantly, and the giants in the depths of the forest began to howl one after another.
The Thousand-Eyed Giant still wanted to get up, but Luo Zheng had already jumped up and stood on the mountain-like head of the Thousand-Eyed Giant. He gently stepped down, and the Thousand-Eyed Giant's head was stomped into the ground. For a while, the Thousand-Eyed Giant couldn't pull its head out, and could only wave its hands in vain. Although this Thousand-Eyed Giant had a thousand eyes, these eyes didn't seem to be able to see anything.
"This kind of creature shouldn't be born in my Inner World, and such a powerful creature can't be formed overnight," Luo Zheng said to the Evil Deities. The Human Race and other intelligent creatures in his Inner World had also experienced constant evolution over time before gradually reaching this point.
"I think so too." The Evil Deities went over the Thousand-Eyed Giant's body and searched for something in the depths of the forest. After a while, some black things appeared in his hands. The Evil Deities presented these things in front of Luo Zheng and said, "Lord, look, these are the things. These small black discs also seem to contain the power of faith …"
Those black things were thin black discs. Seeing these small discs, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly revealed an expression of disbelief. "These … are shenwu coins!"
This time, it was the Evil Deities' turn to be puzzled. "Shenwu coins? What are those? "

Chapter 1892
The scene before him solved many of Luo Zheng's doubts.
The Evil Old Man told Luo Zheng that the Shenwu coins were all found in the Forbidden Lands. However, there was a big question. How did the Shenwu coins come about?
Just like the Zhenyuan Stones in the universe, the Zhen Yuanyu relied on the condensation of Heaven and Earth's vitality. After countless years, they slowly sank and turned into mineral veins. Even if a mineral vein was dug up, a new one would be formed. Therefore, the Zhenyuan Stones in Zhen Yuanyu were almost inexhaustible.
The Realm of the Gods had existed for countless Divine Epochs.
In these countless Divine Epochs, countless True Gods had stepped into the Forbidden Lands.
There were Shenwu coins in all the Forbidden Lands big and small. No matter how many Shenwu coins there were, they would all be dug up one day. How could those who came after find them?
According to the Evil Old Man, every time a True God stepped into the Forbidden Lands, they would always find Shenwu coins. This meant that Shenwu coins would appear continuously …
Now, Luo Zheng finally understood. Shenwu coins were formed from the True Gods' power of faith!
"Where is this place?" Evil Deities asked curiously.
Luo Zheng stood in place and scanned his surroundings. Finally, his gaze fell on the Thousand-Eyed Giant again. He smiled and said, "This is the world of your imagination!"
"The world of our imagination?" Evil Deities looked surprised.
Luo Zheng nodded. With a thought, the history of the Demon Slaying Continent all these years appeared in his mind. With the help of his omniscient ability, he quickly found the clues he needed. He said calmly, "Countless years ago, the Demon Slaying Continent belonged to the Mighty Clan …"
"I've heard of the Mighty Clan. It was an ancient race." Evil Deities nodded.
The conflict between the Mighty Clan and the Teng Clan was quite far away from the birth of Evil Deities. However, the history of these two ancient races was still passed down.
"According to historical records, the Mighty Clan's Queen had unparalleled beauty, so she attracted the help of the Gods. Is the God the Lord?" Evil Deities suddenly thought of this and asked with a smile, "Is the Queen of the Aristocrats really as beautiful as the legends say?"
According to historical records, the Queen of the Noble Family was known as the number one beauty since ancient times. She was a woman who could move the heart of a "god". As a man, he was naturally interested in Evil Deities.
Luo Zheng nodded. "That's me. She is indeed a perfect woman."
At that time, Luo Zheng organized the war between the Hao Clan and the Teng Clan. At the same time, he supported the queen of the Hao Clan, but he didn't give her too much power.
As the creator of this world, Luo Zheng would not interfere too much. In fact, even now, he could mold the Queen out of mud with just a thought, but it would be meaningless …
"At that time, the Tyrant Clan and the Teng Clan were very afraid of the Heavenly Spirit Clan in the World Tree, so the local mortals hoped that there would be a kind of living being that could protect them!" Luo Zheng continued. "That kind of living being must be strong and huge. It must also have a terrifying appearance, enough to scare off the Heavenly Spirit Clan!"
Evil Deities quickly guessed. "The living being in their imagination must be these monsters with eyes all over their bodies?"
"Smart." Luo Zheng nodded with a smile.
In the beginning, the Tyrant Clan could only imagine the Three-Eyed Giant, but once their imagination was opened, they would continue down this path. More and more Tyrant Clan members began to fabricate things that didn't exist. Thus, the Ten-Eyed Giant, the Hundred-Eyed Giant, and even the Thousand-Eyed Giant appeared …
This was the most primitive belief.
If the Tyrant Clan had imagined a dragon at the beginning, then what Luo Zheng and Evil Deities encountered here would not be these giants, but a huge dragon with a strange shape.
For countless years, the legend of the Thousand-Eyed Giant did not disappear. Instead, it became a part of the culture of the Human Race and was passed down from generation to generation. Their imagination also turned into the unconscious power of faith and gathered together. When Luo Zheng's divinity was formed, it materialized into this gourd-shaped forbidden land.
Why was it in the shape of a gourd … Because in the legends, these giants were born from gourds!
Similarly, Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Soul Wilderness, these large and small forbidden lands were also formed from the thoughts of the Tyrant Clan members.
As the saying goes, "I think, therefore I am." These thoughts were actually the power of faith. Countless legends passed down through the ages of the Gods formed one forbidden land after another. When a forbidden land appeared, the later generations would be more convinced of the existence of the forbidden land. This would form a cycle, causing the forbidden land to absorb more and more power of faith …
According to Luo Zheng's speculation, it was not a coincidence that the four great forbidden lands, Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Soul Wilderness, Takeshi Xuan Forest, and the Abyss Magical Realm, became the most powerful forbidden lands in the Divine Domain. Instead, the legends of these forbidden lands were the earliest to spread in the Divine Domain and had the advantage of time.
For example, in the legends of the Tyrant Clan, the Abyss Magical Realm should be an existence equivalent to hell. It was a place where the Tyrant Clan members would go after their deaths. The number of Tyrant Clan members who held such thoughts was the highest, and the power of faith absorbed into the Abyss Magical Realm was the most powerful forbidden land. Therefore, the Abyss Magical Realm was also the most difficult forbidden land to enter. Even a Saint would find it difficult to protect himself in the depths of the Abyss Magical Realm!
"It's incredible," Evil Deities exclaimed as he looked at the Thousand-Eyed Giant. He did not expect this world to be so wonderful.
Luo Zheng suddenly reached out and aimed at the Thousand-Eyed Giant that was still struggling. Then, he gently flipped his palm and pressed it down. An invisible force instantly crushed the huge Thousand-Eyed Giant into powder!
"Logically speaking, even if I kill all the giants here, these giants will reappear after a certain period of time, including the Shenwu coins in your hands. You can come in and verify it next time," Luo Zheng said faintly. "Let's go to the next place and have a look!"
Evil Deities nodded and then asked, "Evil Deities still has one question that I don't understand. The Lord said that everything in this place is imagination. Then what about these 'Shenwu coins'? Did these black discs also appear in the legends of the Demon Slaying Continent? "
Luo Zheng stared at the Shenwu coins and shook his head. "These Shenwu coins are the crystallization of the power of faith itself. This forbidden land needs an endless supply of power of faith. When this power of faith is absorbed into this space and materializes enough giants, the power of faith will reach saturation. After saturation, the power of faith will continue to condense and form Shenwu coins …"
This was also Luo Zheng's own deduction. According to the clues he now understood, it should not be wrong. As for why these crystallized power of faith were black, he could not answer now …
After collecting all the Shenwu coins in the forbidden land, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities left the forbidden land.
Afterward, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities found another forbidden land on the Ice Plains Continent. This forbidden land was covered by a light purple light. This light purple light was triangular. Just like the situation on the Demon Slaying Continent, Luo Zheng could not investigate any information inside this forbidden land.
After entering this forbidden land, the two encountered a kind of humanoid snow monster covered in long hair. These snow monsters were very powerful. Of course, that was compared to Evil Deities. No matter how powerful the monsters in this world were, they could not cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
In this forbidden land, Luo Zheng also found hundreds of Shenwu coins. At the same time, Luo Zheng also found the legend of the 'polar snowman', which confirmed his guess once again.
Right now, the forbidden land in Luo Zheng's inner world was only in its initial stages. The amount of Shenwu coins it had condensed was not much.
However, the time in his inner world was much faster than in the Divine Domain. In the future, as the forbidden land grew larger, the amount of Shenwu coins would also increase …
Shenwu coins could be used to change the rules of the Governing Slate, but it was not something he could consider now. How was he going to use the power of faith within the Shenwu coins?

Chapter 1893
The divine domain had existed for so many years. The geniuses of the divine domain must have thought of all sorts of ways to study the use of Shenwu Coins.
But in the end, they could only change the rules of the Governing Slate. This meant that the true gods were unable to use the power of Shenwu Coins …
Luo Zheng used a powerful force to crush the Shenwu Coins into powder, but all he got was a handful of black powder. He was unable to squeeze out the power of faith from the Shenwu Coins.
He even sprinkled the powder on the Godhead or into the Sea of Chaos. No matter what method he used, his Godhead did not react at all.
After some research in his internal world, he used all sorts of bizarre methods. The Evil Deities also gave him suggestions, but in the end, he could only choose to give up for now.
He might have overlooked some things. Or could it be that the power of faith in the 'divine domain' built from chaos itself could not be used directly? These were all possibilities …
But Luo Zheng was not dispirited. After all, with the formation of the Godhead, he had also stepped into the true god realm. The increase in his cultivation would also increase his strength by quite a bit!
After dispersing his internal incarnation, Luo Zheng instructed the Evil Deities to temporarily stop the secret teachings.
Currently, he was unable to use the power of faith. It was useless to collect the power of faith in the idol. Besides, the extra power of faith would automatically become Shenwu Coins.
After that, his consciousness returned to the secret cultivation room.
Although he had spent quite a bit of time in his internal world, he had only spent a few hours in the divine domain.
When he opened the door to the secret cultivation room, the sky was already bright …
Luo Zheng did not see Aunt Hanjiu for the past few days.
After all, the Dongfang family had already spoken. They were probably looking for an anonymous person like him. Furthermore, his performance in the Arena of Gods made them almost certain that he was in the Purple Soul Palace. Aunt Han Jiu also had to avoid arousing suspicion, otherwise it would easily arouse suspicion.
"It's time to leave the floating island …" Luo Zheng gazed at the churning clouds in the sky and said.
The rankings of the floating islands had been rearranged yesterday. The passageways to the forbidden lands should be opened today.
After that, Luo Zheng left the Purple Soul Palace and once again stepped into Saint Emperor City.
The entire Sea of Time forbade flying and spatial transference. These were the rules of the Governing Slate.
However, in order to monopolize the various forbidden grounds, the Saint Hall had once again revised this rule. Teleportation channels could be constructed on the floating islands, and the teleportation channels could be used to perform spatial transference. The various teleportation channels were directly connected to the forbidden grounds.
The teleportation channel on the floating island became the only entrance to the forbidden area.
It was precisely for this reason that the countless grassroots True Gods of the Divine Realm gnashed their teeth in hatred!
A True God like the Extreme Evil Old Man lost the chance to enter the forbidden grounds. Training in the forbidden grounds, mining Shenwu Coins, and searching for opportunities had become a privilege for the descendants of the wealthy families.
It was also because of this that the opportunity for countless gods to move upwards was blocked.
In the past, some grassroots True Gods still had a chance to become a Paragon or even a Saint. But now, this chance had basically disappeared. One of the reasons was the monopolization of forbidden lands.
When they reached Saint Royal City, they walked north for a while. In front of a wide plaza stood a row of Han Jia's guards. These guards were blocking the path of a large group of true gods.
"Didn't the rankings of the floating islands already come out?"
"Why are you not allowed to enter the forbidden area today? It wasn't easy for me to accumulate enough points! I want to enter Buzhou Spiritual Mountain! "
"What the hell is going on? This is so strange! "
These True Gods were complaining. Regardless of whether they were lower True Gods or upper True Gods, they were all blocked outside.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly.
His gaze passed behind those guards and could see that the plaza was densely packed with teleportation channels. Han Jia's teleportation channels seemed to be stone walls. He wondered if the other wealthy families' teleportation channels were the same.
"Friend, can't we use the teleportation channel to enter the forbidden grounds today?" Luo Zheng asked one of the True Gods.
That True God glanced at Luo Zheng and said gloomily, "I was thinking that since no one has entered the forbidden grounds these few days, there should be more Shenwu Coins inside. But they just can't let us in. God knows why!"
Shenwu Coins were the main goal of these True Gods. However, there had been people exploring the forbidden grounds for many years. The moment Shenwu Coins appeared, they would be immediately picked up. Since no one could enter the forbidden grounds these few days, it was natural that there would be more Shenwu Coins inside.
Luo Zheng nodded. The power of faith in divine territory was not unlimited. Shenwu Coins would only appear when the power of faith was saturated.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had a bad feeling. Han Jia's ban on entering the forbidden grounds couldn't be directed at him, could it?
That was indeed a possibility …
If the Mu family guessed something, and the Dongfang family was still alive, they would probably pressure Han Jia to temporarily close the tunnel until the anonymous person was found.
Just as he was worrying, a melodious bell rang in his ears.
Clang!
That bell didn't come from the floating islands. Instead, it came from the depths of the clouds.
When everyone heard the sound of the bell, they immediately raised their heads. Then, a golden light directly penetrated the clouds, swept past the floating islands, and shone on the surface of the Sea of Time. This golden light hit the surface of the sea and bounced back, refracting an extremely magnificent colorful light.
When they saw this golden light, many True Gods revealed expressions of realization, including the True God beside Luo Zheng.
"Oh! I understand now. No wonder we can't enter the forbidden grounds today. Today is the transit of the sun! "said the True God.
"Today is the transit of the sun?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
He didn't expect that after the floating islands were ranked, they would encounter the transit of the Blind Tribe. During the transit of the sun, the teleportation channel couldn't be used.
The transit of the sun was the Blind Tribe's biggest festival …
On this day, even the ferries on the Sea of Time would stop.
The mysterious tribe in the Sea of Time would also invite some important figures from the wealthy families to participate. Luo Zheng was among the invited guests.
Luo Zheng recalled the words of the old man from the Blind Tribe. He seemed to have an aura that terrified the Blind Tribe. It was very similar to the sea monster "Emperor's Hatred" in the Sea of Time.
"Sigh, it's the transit of the sun again. Those who are qualified to participate are almost all the core members of the wealthy families. Of course, we can't count on it!"
"Let's disperse. We'll come back another day!"
"It's said that participating in the transit of the sun will bring unimaginable benefits. You can even explore the secrets of time …"
The Blind Tribe had always been shrouded in a mysterious veil in the eyes of the world. These True Gods would never be able to participate in the transit of the sun in their lifetime. Naturally, there were all kinds of speculations, but they were just speculations.
They didn't know what the transit of the sun was exactly.
These True Gods sighed for a while before slowly dispersing.
"Should I participate in the transit of the sun?" Luo Zheng thought to himself. His face revealed a hesitant expression.
The biggest problem now wasn't the Mu Family. The Mu Family might have noticed the "Anonymous Person," but they might not be able to link him to the Anonymous Person. Moreover, Mu Haiji, who had seen him, was still being punished by the Governing Slate.
As for the Dongfang Family wanting to poach him, it wasn't out of malice. They just wanted to recruit him and let him join their floating island.
The worst-case scenario was this …
At worst, he would activate the "Gen" token and escape back to the immortal mansion in the Takanxuan Forest.

Chapter 1894
Thousands of transparent discs slowly rose from the bottom of the floating island and stopped at the entrance of the floating island.
There were True Gods from each of the floating islands who stepped on the discs and slowly descended to the lowest level of the floating island. These True Gods had different cultivation levels. Some were lower True Gods, while others were peak True Gods. No matter what cultivation level they were at, they were all elites of large families.
Dozens of transparent discs also descended from Han Jia's floating island.
Han Liusu was expressionless as she stood alone on one of the discs.
On the other disc, Han Chuyue and Han Biluo stood together.
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo were whispering to each other. From time to time, they would steal glances at Han Liusu. Han Chuyue's cute little face was filled with worry. During this period of time, Han Liusu had been locked up in her room, diligently cultivating. It was as if she had suddenly become a different person.
In fact, the intelligent Han Chuyue could easily guess the crux of the problem. Han Liusu's change was 100% due to Luo Zheng, but she could not guess what had happened between her sister and Luo Zheng.
"I think sister Liusu is in a bad mood because of that Luo Tianxing," Han Biluo whispered.
"I think so too …" Han Biluo did not know Luo Tianxing's true identity, but Han Chuyue did. She had a bad premonition that if her sister continued to be involved with Luo Zheng, they would meet with even greater trouble.
Many younger sisters had an innate admiration for their older sisters, and Han Chuyue was no exception.
In fact, most of the good feelings she had for Luo Zheng were also because of Han Liusu. It seemed that whatever her sister liked was the best in the world, and she even faintly felt jealous.
But if Luo Zheng harmed her sister, this was not the result she wanted to see.
"After the transit day, I'll look for Luo Tianxing again," Han Chuyue whispered.
At the same time, Han Cangyan also descended from the other side. Han Cangyan had always been busy, so he rarely paid attention to Han Liusu. Now that he saw Han Liusu alone, his expression was very ugly. He also asked, "Liusu, why are you unhappy?"
Hearing this voice, Han Liusu suddenly raised her head and forced out a smile, "Brother, Liusu is not unhappy."
"That's good!" Han Cangyan smiled, "Today is the transit day, perform well!"
"Liusu knows," Han Liusu nodded in response.
Not long after, this group of people had already descended to the bottom of the giant disc, and beneath their feet was the turbulent Sea of Time.
The round plate was already filled with the elites of the wealthy families. They were all waiting for the Blind Tribe's invitation.
Other than saints and quasi-saints, the Blind Tribe wouldn't specially invite anyone else. The true gods waiting here all had to weigh their own worth and see if they were qualified.
The Blind Tribe originally had a special method. They could sense every movement in the Sea of Time. If it wasn't a transit, as long as you stood in the Sea of Time, they would appear and ferry you to your destination.
It was the same for the Transit of the Sun. If they felt that you were qualified to participate in the Transit of the Sun Festival, they would naturally wait for a boat that belonged to them.
One after another, small boats came from the boundless Sea of Time. Those blind people were whistling and inviting the true gods to their boats. Then, they left at an unbelievable speed.
Not long after, Han Liusu, Han Cangyan, Han Chuyue, and Han Biluo were also taken away by different Blind Tribesmen.
The remaining people craned their necks and looked at each other, continuing to wait.
Seeing that it was about time, Luo Zheng also left Saint Emperor City. He came to the edge of the floating island and stepped onto a transparent round plate.
Other than Luo Zheng, there were also some Han Family disciples and even some outsiders.
Every time the Transit of the Sun Festival was held, some people would choose to try their luck. Although they weren't disciples of the main family, there would always be a chance to try. What if the Blind Tribe really invited them? Although the probability of this happening wasn't high, there would always be people who succeeded.
The true gods who descended with Luo Zheng had such thoughts.
Not every elite of the floating island would be invited. No one knew what the criteria and basis of the Blind Tribe's judgment were. Therefore, there would always be a group of people whose hopes were dashed and who were even furious.
"These Blind Tribe members are all blind! I, Tang Xiuyuan, am ranked 320th among the intermediate true gods. Why aren't they inviting me? "The intermediate true god of the Tang Family cursed as he looked at the boats that were constantly disappearing into the distance.
Seeing that there were no more boats coming, the expressions of these elite disciples were rather ugly. They were rather angry.
At this moment, Luo Zheng and the others stepped onto the transparent round plate and descended. This group of people naturally wanted to "try their luck."
Tang Xiuyuan was already very disappointed. When he saw this group of people, he became even angrier. Although these fellows who wanted to try their luck rarely had the qualifications to be invited, every year, there would always be a few fellows who were lucky enough to be invited by the Blind Tribe.
"You bunch of trash still want to participate in the Transit of the Sun Festival? Haha, what a joke. Why don't you take a look at your own weight? "Tang Xiuyuan mocked loudly.
"There are so many people in this world who don't know their own weight. Why bother arguing with them?" another elite disciple echoed.
Hearing these words, the true gods who wanted to try their luck naturally felt uncomfortable. However, they couldn't afford to offend these elites from rich families. They could only swallow their anger and silently stand to the side, hoping that a boat would come and take them away.
Luo Zheng stood to the side with a stupefied expression and didn't say a word.
Tang Xiuyuan complained for a while, but also secretly wanted to provoke them. If any of these fellows dared to act rashly, he would naturally take action and teach them a lesson. However, this group of people all kept their mouths shut like idiots.
Therefore, after looking around, his gaze finally fell on Luo Zheng. "Eh? There's even a lower true god here to join in the fun. There are more and more weirdos now. It would be fun if a large group of Proving Gods were to join in the fun one day! "
Most of the true gods who were willing to try their luck had something to rely on. They either felt that their talents were not bad or that their cultivation was not bad. Almost all of them were middle true gods or upper true gods. Only Luo Zheng was a lower true god.
Luo Zheng was originally expressionlessly looking at the distant Time Sea. When he saw Tang Xiuyuan staring at him, he simply closed his eyes and rested.
Unexpectedly, Tang Xiuyuan was even more persistent. He walked up to Luo Zheng and said, "Tell me, which floating island did you come from?"
Luo Zheng was motionless like a statue.
"I'm talking to you. Didn't you hear me?" Tang Xiuyuan saw that Luo Zheng wasn't responding to him at all and felt even more sullen.
The other true gods noticed the commotion over here and revealed expressions of pity. They probably felt that Luo Zheng was going to be unlucky. They felt that Luo Zheng should speak up and admit defeat. At the very least, Tang Xiuyuan would let him off.
Seeing that Luo Zheng still had his eyes closed, Tang Xiuyuan's expression turned cold. He reached out his hand and slapped Luo Zheng's face with lightning speed. At the same time, he scolded, "I'm asking you a question …"
The moment Tang Xiuyuan made his move, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly opened and his head tilted back slightly.
Tang Xiuyuan's fingertip brushed past the tip of his nose by an inch. His slap missed.
When he saw that Luo Zheng had dodged his slap so easily, he was slightly stunned.
Then, he saw Luo Zheng's figure flash and his lapel was grabbed by the other party. An irresistible force came, and his whole body fell back uncontrollably!
He was originally standing at the edge of this huge circular plate, and behind him was the seething Sea of Time. If he were to fall into the Sea of Time, let alone a mere middle-level true god like him, even a great perfection or secondary saint would be torn into pieces by the seawater.
Just as his face was filled with horror, his body suddenly stopped in mid-air. At the same time, a faint voice sounded. "A dignified intermediate true god, but your temperament is like a lowly mortal gangster. Which rich and powerful family has a scum like you? How unfortunate!"
"You, you, I, ah …"
This giant disk floated on the Sea of Time and was very close to it. As the colorful Sea of Time rolled, waves would spread toward Tang Xiuyuan's head from time to time. They could swallow him up at any time. How could he still dare to refute Luo Zheng's words? She just kept screaming, and her previous overbearing attitude had completely disappeared!

Chapter 1895
Tang Xiuyuan's face was deathly pale, and he felt incomparably sullen.
As a descendant of the Tang Family, even an ordinary middle true god wouldn't dare speak carelessly in front of him, let alone a lower true god.
A lower true god like Luo Zheng definitely wasn't an elite of a rich family. He didn't expect that this guy would dare to fight back, and even try to kill him!
But now that his life was hanging by a thread, how could he dare say anything? He could only desperately beg for mercy.
Luo Zheng really didn't want to provoke these rich and powerful descendants.
There were many outstanding people on these floating islands, and their innate talents were also ridiculously strong, but in the end, some scum would emerge.
He would try his best to ignore this kind of person, but this Tang Xiuyuan was too much for not letting him off.
But he still had some misgivings, and didn't plan to kill Tang Xiuyuan. After all, his identity was sensitive, and this place wasn't safe for Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng suddenly exerted force, directly swinging Tang Xiuyuan up and smashing him heavily on the round plate.
He didn't know what this round plate was made of, but its surface was abnormally hard. Even though Tang Xiuyuan was a middle true god, being smashed on it was quite uncomfortable.
Just a moment ago, Tang Xiuyuan had been constantly begging for mercy in order to survive, but as soon as he landed, his entire aura changed. He believed that Luo Zheng had attacked him only because he had been ambushed. If not for that, that kid definitely wouldn't have been able to resist him!
He flipped over and stood up, releasing the power in his body. But before he could steady himself, he saw a figure flash in front of him. He saw Luo Zheng raise his leg and kick him in the face.
"Boom!"
This enormous power struck his head from top to bottom. His entire body couldn't withstand this enormous pressure, and his legs went soft, causing him to kneel in front of Luo Zheng.
"If you attack again, I'll kill you directly. Don't think I don't dare," Luo Zheng said coldly, looking down at Tang Xiuyuan.
Although Luo Zheng couldn't use the "power of faith" in his inner world, nor could he emit "potential", after condensing the Godhead, his strength had increased significantly. His innate cultivation also made him look completely different, whether it was the body or the soul.
Tang Xiuyuan felt that the cold aura was like an invisible guillotine that was placed on his neck. It seemed that if he moved, the guillotine would fall without hesitation. He really knelt in the same place, motionless, like an obedient rabbit.
Everyone on this huge round plate was silent. They were secretly sizing up Luo Zheng and guessing Luo Zheng's origin.
However, among the thirty-six clans of the floating island, the number of True Gods was in the millions. The only time Luo Zheng fought was in the Han Clan's Saint Emperor City. Naturally, no one here could recognize him.
Then Luo Zheng ignored Tang Xiuyuan and stood aside. His eyes fell on the Time Sea again.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had put some distance between them, Tang Xiuyuan slowly got up from the ground. Although he had been humiliated, he still didn't dare to fight back.
He couldn't see through Luo Zheng's strength at all. Lower True Gods with such strength were usually descendants of the Saint Emperor. But this guy in front of him … Which clan did he belong to? Why hadn't he seen him before?
There were also Han Clan members present. These Han Clan members had left the floating island with Luo Zheng. Naturally, they knew that Luo Zheng was a member of the Han Clan. However, they naturally wouldn't say Luo Zheng's origin. After all, they belonged to the same floating island, a clan.
At that moment, a small black dot appeared on the Time Sea in the distance. All the True Gods on the round platform immediately became nervous.
Their only purpose here was to wait for the Blind Tribe's invitation. Now, a small boat had appeared. They didn't know who it was …
The small black dot approached quickly. It was a young man from the Blind Tribe. From the time the boat appeared in the distance to the round plate, it only took him about ten breaths. When the boat got close, everyone held their breaths. Their faces were filled with hope.
"Whoosh!"
The young Blind Tribe member whistled and looked at Tang Xiuyuan.
"Me?" Tang Xiuyuan pointed at himself. He was pleasantly surprised. At that moment, he even forgot about the humiliation he had just suffered.
Then, he jumped up and onto the boat. Suddenly, he remembered something. He turned to Luo Zheng and laughed proudly. "Hahaha! A guy like you still hopes to be invited by the Blind Tribe? You can wait here for 10,000 years! "
Tang Xiuyuan was indeed very happy.
Luo Zheng just crossed his arms and looked at him indifferently. His expression didn't change at all.
As for the others, they looked envious. No matter what, Tang Xiuyuan had still been invited by the Blind Tribe …
Just as the boat left, someone pointed into the distance and said, "Another boat is coming!"
Everyone looked in the direction he was pointing and saw a large black dot on the surface of the sea. As the black dot continued to enlarge, it revealed a large ship!
The Blind Tribe usually had two types of boats. One was a small boat that could only seat one person. Usually, it was driven by a Blind Tribe member. The other type was a large boat that was dozens of feet long. When the Zhou family's floating island fell into the sea surface, they would use this large boat to send many of the Zhou family's disciples out.
"Why did they send a dragon bone boat here?"
"Don't tell me they want to take all of us!"
"You must be dreaming …"
These True Gods didn't think that the dragon bone boat was here to take people away. Given the Blind Tribe's personality, even Perfected True Gods didn't receive such treatment. The first batch of people to be taken away were Perfected True Gods from various big families. They also left on small boats.
But under everyone's watchful eyes, the dragonbone ship slowly approached, and on the deck of the ship stood an old Blind Tribesman.
"It's him." Luo Zheng recognized that this old Blind Tribe member was the ferryman when he entered the Sea of Time.
"Honorable guest, welcome to our Blind Tribe's Transit of the Sun Festival," the old Blind Tribe member said. At the same time, he made an inviting gesture to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and took two steps forward. The tip of his foot tapped lightly on the edge of the round plate, and his entire body flew up. He landed on the deck like a light bird.
The True Gods on the round plate were all in disbelief. They stared blankly at this scene, and their minds were in a mess.
"Who, who exactly is he!"
"How can he receive such treatment …"
"Only Saint Emperors are qualified to be welcomed by the dragon bone boat, right?"
Saint Emperors might be able to enjoy such treatment, but they were different from Perfected True Gods. Perfected True Gods weren't allowed to use space transmission on the Sea of Time, but Saint Emperors and quasi-sages were unimpeded. Therefore, they didn't need the Blind Tribe to personally welcome them.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was probably the first person to use a dragon bone boat to welcome people in the Transit of the Sun Festival.
"Return to the island!"
The old Blind Tribe member ordered loudly.
This kind of large boat required at least ten Blind Tribe members to steer. Naturally, its speed was much faster than ordinary small boats.
The small boat that Tang Xiuyuan was on had just left. In a short while, the two boats, one big and one small, were moving side by side. Luo Zheng stood in front of the big boat and looked down at Tang Xiuyuan, who was on the small boat.
Tang Xiuyuan sat in the middle of the boat and looked up at Luo Zheng. His mouth twitched unconsciously. His expression was similar to that of the True Gods on the round plate. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng. At this moment, he suddenly felt that he was incomparably small.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
The big boat moved away at an extremely fast speed, creating waves that pushed the small boat to the side.
Tang Xiuyuan couldn't help but ask the young Blind Tribe member who was rowing the boat, "Why can that guy ride the big boat? What are you Blind Tribe members thinking? Who exactly is he! "
The young Blind Tribe member who was rowing the boat shook his head and shrugged his shoulders.

Chapter 1896
Luo Zheng had never thought that he would be treated like this by the Blind Tribe.
The dragon bone ship was moving faster and faster. The huge floating islands on the Sea of Time gradually turned into small black dots and finally disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
The Blind Tribe old man did not say anything. He returned to the cabin and took out an exquisite tobacco pipe. Then, he poured some powder into it from a small pocket on his waist. The powder was made of an unknown material. It looked colorful, similar to the color of the Sea of Time.
After the Blind Tribe old man lit it, he took a deep breath. The smoke he exhaled was also colorful.
Luo Zheng noticed the smoke. His eyes flashed with a hint of surprise. The smoke actually emitted a faint time law.
"This is tobacco made from the Hallucination Grass in the Sea of Time. Take a puff and it will produce hallucination smoke. It will let you see an illusion of the past. Do you want a puff?" the Blind Tribe old man said as he handed the tobacco pipe to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not have the habit of smoking. However, he was very interested in the time law in this tobacco pipe.
Even after entering the floating island, Luo Zheng had almost never come into contact with a true god who cultivated the time laws. However, this old man from the Blind Tribe could emit the time laws with just a puff of smoke. This naturally made Luo Zheng very curious.
He took the tobacco pipe from the Blind Tribe old man and fiddled with it. Then, he took a light puff.
The moment he inhaled the hallucination smoke, Luo Zheng felt a tearing sensation in his throat. After the small time law dissipated, it caused small wounds in his body.
At the same time, the smoke flowed into these wounds and was absorbed by him.
Luo Zheng felt a wave of dizziness hit his head. The colorful smoke he exhaled rolled in circles in front of his eyes. A faint image appeared in the smoke.
Through the layer of smoke, Luo Zheng could vaguely see a huge sea turtle floating on the surface of the Sea of Time. This sea turtle was millions of miles long, and on its back was not a city but a continent!
Luo Zheng tried his best to see it clearly, but the smoke quickly drifted away. The illusion also quickly disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes.
The Blind Tribe old man smiled faintly. "What did you see?"
"A sea turtle," Luo Zheng replied.
"You saw a cliff spirit on your first puff. Hehe, good luck." The Blind Tribe old man laughed.
"Cliff spirit?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"One of the largest true spirits in ancient legends. It's the mount of a Weapon Grandmaster," the Blind Tribe old man explained.
"Weapon Chi You?" Luo Zheng asked..
The Blind Tribe old man nodded.
At the mention of Chiyou, Luo Zheng's memories immediately floated to Hua Tianming. Hua Tianming's strength had improved greatly after obtaining Chiyou's treasure.
He had stepped into the God Domain before her, but she didn't know where he was now.
...........................................
"What happened to the turtle?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I don't know where it went. Maybe it was killed, or maybe it left the Realm of the Gods …" the Blind Tribe old man said.
Ever since Luo Zheng entered the Realm of the Gods, he had been trying his best to understand the history of the Realm of the Gods. In particular, he had read many ancient books in the Purple Soul Palace. He quickly discovered that some of the ancient history of the Realm of the Gods was incomplete.
Luo Zheng could not understand this.
The True Gods of the Realm of the Gods had unlimited lifespans. They existed for eternity. From the Ancient Era, the Middle Era, to the present, there were always a few True Gods who had survived. Under such circumstances, it was impossible for there to be a gap in history. However, when Luo Zheng tried to understand the history of the Realm of the Gods, he discovered that many things were incomplete. He felt like someone had deliberately erased them …
Afterward, Luo Zheng tried to smoke a few more times. The illusion he saw was different every time. Sometimes, it was an incomparably huge red bird. Sometimes, it was an incomplete image on a blank screen. Sometimes, it was an indistinguishable figure of a man or a woman.
According to the Blind Tribe old man, these images had all existed in the past. However, most of them were meaningless. Luo Zheng could not understand them, so he stopped trying.
What Luo Zheng did not know was that the colorful smoke he exhaled did not disappear after floating out of the keelboat. Instead, it kept circling the Sea of Time.
Not long after, a Blind Tribe member slowly approached with a small boat. This Blind Tribe member was holding a strangely shaped smoking pot. He made a strange gesture and gently opened the smoking pot, aiming it at the constantly circling illusory smoke. The smoke Luo Zheng exhaled transformed into a long snake and was sucked into the smoking pot. The Blind Tribe member glanced in the direction of the keelboat and quietly said a few words. Then, he quietly rowed the boat away …
Two hours later …
The keelboat finally arrived at its destination with Luo Zheng on board.
The Blind Tribe members lived on a group of islands. The black islands were densely packed, towering in the Sea of Time.
Some of the islands were only two or three feet wide, and there were small attics built on them. Under the constant beating of the Sea of Time, the attics could be swallowed up at any time.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was amazed. The Blind Tribe members did not have strong cultivations. At least, the Blind Tribe members he saw were just ordinary Gods. However, the True Gods regarded the Sea of Time as the Sea of Death. In this environment, the Blind Tribe members lived with ease …
The keelboat passed by those small islands and finally sailed into a main island.
A wide port was built at the edge of the main island, and the True Gods on the floating islands were still gathered there.
"Why is there a keelboat here?" a True God asked.
"Maybe it's an important guest invited by the Blind Tribe?" another True God said.
The other True Gods also looked curious. Today was the Ling Sun Festival. The important guests invited by the Blind Tribe were the elites of the wealthy families on the thirty-six floating islands. No matter if it was a Great Perfection or a lower True God, they were all treated equally.
"Important guests? Can they be more important than us? "Mu Ning said proudly.
Mu Xuerong, who was standing behind Mu Ning, remained silent. It should be known that the people present included the Perfect True Gods of various large and powerful families. For example, Mu Xuerong, Tang Wan, and the others. There were also the clan leaders of various large floating islands, as well as Han Tianxiao and the others.
It could be said that, other than the Sages and Quasi-Sages, the strongest and most talented people of each wealthy family were gathered here.
This group of people could be said to represent the future of the Divine Realm. Who in the Divine Realm was more important than them?
However, when the keelboat slowly approached, many True Gods widened their eyes.
They saw a lower True God standing on the deck of the keelboat …
"Who is this guy?"
"Why is a lower True God being treated so well by the Blind Tribe members?"
"…"
The True Gods who were waiting here suddenly became noisy. Many of them lowered their heads and whispered to each other.
The Great Perfection True Gods quietly sized up Luo Zheng, seemingly thinking about something.
"It's this kid?" Han Tianxiao, who was standing at the back, had a strange look in his eyes. This was the disciple that Aunt Han Jiu had accepted into the Purple Soul Palace. Why would he be invited by the Blind Tribe members to participate in the Ling Sun Festival? More importantly, why would he be treated like this by the Blind Tribe?
"Ah! It's Luo Tianxing! "Han Biluo suddenly jumped up and laughed when she saw Luo Zheng.
"Biluo!" Han Tianxiao frowned and stopped her.
"Sister, it's really him," Han Chuyue said softly.
From a distance, Han Liusu's haggard eyes fell on Luo Zheng. She had a complicated expression. She thought that Luo Zheng might be invited by the Blind Tribe members, but she didn't expect them to value him so much …
Because of Bi Luo's reaction, the True Gods present immediately understood.

Chapter 1897
The dragon bone ship slowly approached the shore under everyone's gaze.
Luo Zheng jumped down from the ship, his gaze landing on Han Jia's group.
Han Chuyue gave him a playful smile, and Luo Zheng nodded. Finally, his gaze landed on Han Liusu.
Han Liusu's eyes met Luo Zheng's, and her eyebrows twitched, revealing a trace of annoyance. She then turned her head to look elsewhere …
It seems she's still angry. Luo Zheng smiled bitterly and found a place to stand.
Noticing her sister's expression, Han Chuyue fell into deep thought. Her guess was correct, but she didn't know what had happened between Luo Zheng and her sister.
Most of the True Gods' gazes were still focused on Luo Zheng, quietly guessing his origins.
"This kid doesn't seem to be from Han Jia's main family?"
"From the looks of it, he doesn't seem to be …"
After all, Luo Zheng didn't act like he was familiar with Han Tianxiao, Han Cangyan, and the others.
However, there were still people present who recognized Luo Zheng.
"It's this kid again. In such a short time, he's already become a lower True God," said a gloomy voice. It was Leng Linyue from the Leng family.
"Leng Linyue, you've seen this kid before?" Mu Ning asked doubtfully.
"Hmph, he's the kid who killed Xie Jiao. His name is Luo Tianxing. The injury on my forehead was caused by him! I didn't expect him to break through and condense a godhead so soon after entering the floating island! "Leng Linyue said coldly, a trace of killing intent in his eyes.
Even thinking back, Leng Linyue still had lingering fear. If he hadn't reacted quickly that day, he might have died at this kid's hands.
If it weren't for the Blind Tribe's Ling Ri, he might have already attacked.
"A prodigy can injure you? You're too careless," Mu Ning said indifferently.
Hearing Mu Ning's words, Leng Linyue wasn't convinced. His cultivation was a level higher than Mu Ning's, so how could he tolerate her judging him like this? He said, "You might not be his match. Xie Jiao's strength isn't much weaker than yours, but he still killed him!"
Mu Xuerong, who had been silent all this time, heard the conversation between her sister and Leng Linyue. A thought suddenly jumped in her mind.
Surnamed Luo? Han Jia's new genius?
With a thought, she glanced at Luo Zheng in the distance and asked, "This kid is just a Divine Warrior? He killed Xie Jiao. Didn't the Xie family find trouble with Han Jia? "
This matter with the Xie Family was not a small matter, but Mu Xuerong had always been in a hurry, and she had also been preparing for her battle with Yu Taibai, so there were many things that she did not have time to pay attention to. But now that she heard about it, she had a faint guess, and she naturally wanted to verify it.
"I did, but that brat seems to belong to the Purple Soul Palace. Aunt Han Jiu protected him." Leng Lin Yue indifferently said. When this matter was brought up, Leng Lin Yue had a belly full of anger.
"Purple Soul Palace? Did he just join the Leng Clan? "Mu Xuerong asked again.
Mu Xuerong had always been a woman of few words. As a Perfection Stage cultivator of the Mu Clan, she rarely paid attention to juniors like Leng Linyue. Leng Linyue found this strange and continued to answer, "I've investigated his background. He has indeed just joined the Purple Soul Palace …
He was able to kill Xie Jiao as a Proving Divinity Martial Artist and had the protection of Aunt Jiu …
Thinking of this, Leng Linyue's eyes suddenly lit up, and he immediately reevaluated Luo Zheng.
"Sister Xuerong, are you suspecting that brat is Anonymous?" he asked softly.
Leng Lin Yue was a middle true god. Although he had heard that there was an amazing anonymous person in the lower true god's Hall of Gods, he didn't take it to heart. He also didn't associate Luo Zheng with the anonymous person. Moreover, he had been busy winning points in the middle true god's Hall of Gods.
But now, because of the questions that Mu Xuerong had raised, he had suddenly understood everything …
Mu Ning's small mouth opened slightly, and her sharp eyes stared at Luo Zheng. She wanted to match Luo Zheng with the Anonymous in her heart.
"Most likely," Mu Xuerong said with a cold smile.
Of course, Leng Linyue did not know. She did not care whether Luo Zheng was Anonymous or not.
The Anonymous had only been chosen by the Dongfang family. As for the Dongfang family being able to bring Anonymous to their floating island, it had almost nothing to do with Mu Xuerong. She wanted to verify something else …
Some time ago, she had lost to Yu Taibai. At the same time, she had reported the news of Buzhou Spirit Mountain being closed to the Mu family to her father, Mu Haiji.
Mu Haiji had told her to pay attention to Han Jia, because of the four families that Yu Taibai had announced, Han Jia was most likely the Stowaways.
The Stowaways had only entered the divine territory two years ago. Now, an extremely monstrous Anonymous had appeared in Han Jia. She had previously wondered if the Anonymous did not dare to show his face in public because his identity was too sensitive.
Now, she was even sure that the Anonymous' surname was Luo!
Whether it was the time, the surname, or the talent, they all matched very well. Such a person definitely could not have appeared among the ordinary Gods …
At this moment, Mu Xuerong had a strong suspicion of Luo Zheng. This guy was very likely one of the two Stowaways. The rest was up to her to verify.
Although she had her suspicions, she did not show it on her face.
Today was the Blind Tribe's Soaring Sun Festival. She naturally could not capture Luo Zheng and torture him. Moreover, she only had her suspicions. During the Soaring Sun Festival, she had many opportunities to observe this brat. Once it was proven that he was one of the Stowaways, she would not hesitate to kill him.
On the floating island, Luo Zheng had indeed considered the possibility that his identity could be seen through and thus arouse suspicion.
However, after weighing the pros and cons, he felt that this possibility was not very high. Moreover, after the Soaring Sun Festival, he would immediately leave the floating island and head to the forbidden area.
He did not expect that Mu Xuerong had a conversation with Mu Haiji. Mu Haiji's judgment had deepened Mu Xuerong's vigilance, so as soon as Luo Zheng appeared, Mu Xuerong had locked onto him.
As everyone waited, the Blind Tribe members continued to row small boats to send people over.
After waiting for a while, six or seven Blind Tribe members walked over and cupped their hands towards the crowd. The leader of the Blind Tribe members said politely, "Today is the Soaring Sun Festival. We are very honored to be able to invite all the True Gods here. Everyone, please follow me …"
Under the guidance of the Blind Tribe members, all the True Gods left the harbor and headed towards the inner part of the island.
From the outside, the Blind Tribe looked like an extremely ordinary island. Looking at the surrounding environment, it was not much different from the environment of the ordinary Gods in the Divine Realm.
However, ever since they entered this island, they could feel a strong sense of the Law of Time emanating from almost everywhere. From the smallest plants to the largest rocks around the island …
The Sea of Time could tear everything apart, but this small island could resist the tearing force of the Sea of Time. This was originally very strange. The Blind Tribe's settlement was probably the only island group in the Sea of Time.
Under the guidance of the Blind Tribe members, everyone arrived at a flat and wide open space.

Chapter 1898
These nine pagodas were separated from each other by a distance of three meters. The patterns on the pagodas were complex and mysterious, emitting an extremely strong power of time law.
"These nine pagodas can be pieced together into one." Luo Zheng raised his head and carefully sized them up.
The patterns on each pagoda were broken, but the broken parts could be connected to another pagoda. In other words, if the nine pagodas were moved together, they could be pieced together to form a complete picture …
The Blind clansmen present were all worshipping the nine pagodas. The surrounding environment was solemn and peaceful.
"Everyone, please wait here. Be careful not to make any noise." A Blind clansman said in a low voice.
The True Divinities of the various large clans nodded and each found a place to sit down …
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Han Chuyue and Han Biluo who had always been by Han Liusu's side glanced at each other. Suddenly, like two nimble little swallows, they passed through the crowd and came to Luo Zheng's side.
Luo Zheng was in the middle of examining the nine pagodas when the two little girls suddenly appeared by his side. He was slightly taken aback and asked in a low voice, "What's wrong?"
"Quickly speak, what did you do to my big sister?" Han Chuyue lowered her voice. Her little face was filled with a serious expression, but her pair of lively eyes contained a trace of uncontrollable laughter.
"Big sister Liusu hasn't been happy these past two days." Han Biluo also said.
Under the questioning of the two little girls, Luo Zheng revealed a helpless smile.
He felt that what he did wasn't wrong. Han Liusu was the eldest princess of a large clan, but he was actually a fugitive who walked in the darkness. If he followed Han Liusu's wishes, it would only harm her.
"Quickly speak!" Han Chuyue fiercely stared at Luo Zheng and sternly said.
Looking at Han Chuyue's expression, Luo Zheng also knew that if he didn't give her an explanation today, she wouldn't let the matter rest. He could only helplessly shake his head and transmit his voice saying, "Very soon I will be leaving the floating island. Your big sister wanted to leave with me, but I refused."
Telling the truth to Han Chuyue was also good. At least she could persuade Han Liusu. Looking at Han Liusu's expression, Luo Zheng also felt distressed.
Hearing this, Han Chuyue's ridiculously large eyes blinked. She turned her head and carefully glanced at her sister. She tilted her little head and thought for a moment. That appearance was quite cute.
After thinking for a while, Han Chuyue raised her eyebrows and also transmitted her voice, "Why don't you agree? Isn't my sister good enough? She was willing to elope with you, but you actually rejected her so heartlessly! A man like you … "
Luo Zheng never thought that Han Chuyue would scold him to his face. He opened his mouth wide and stared blankly at Han Chuyue.
Han Biluo did not know what was going on, but she knew that the two of them were communicating through sound transmission. Thus, she asked with a displeased expression, "What are you two talking about?"
After Han Chuyue's reprimand, Luo Zheng opened his mouth and said: "You also know my background," he pointed to the ground, "Even if I am here, there is always danger."
Luo Zheng was very clear about his situation. As long as his identity was exposed, the Mu Clan would immediately kill him …
"My sister is not afraid of death," Han Chuyue continued to stare at Luo Zheng.
"Is there a sister like you …" Luo Zheng transmitted his voice, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
Han Chuyue thought about it again. Just now her anger was completely due to her emotions taking over. Although she was already a Divine level martial artist, her body and mind were still that of a teenager. If she thought about it rationally, she also felt that her sister could not leave with Luo Zheng.
"Even if what you did was right, you still can't reject my sister," she finally said.
Luo Zheng also knew that there was no point in reasoning with this girl, so he simply did not speak.
But at this time, a group of blind people appeared on the other side of the flat square.
Ordinary blind people's clothing was very casual. Most of them were gray and brown cloth wrapped around their bodies. Many of the blind men were even naked for many years.
However, this group of blind people was wearing beautiful clothes. The surface of these clothes faintly had colorful patterns flowing slowly, and the power of time law emanated from them. It was unknown what kind of fabric was used to weave these clothes.
"These people … are the True Gods of the blind tribe?" Luo Zheng's gaze swept over them, and his eyes revealed a surprised expression.
The blind people that Luo Zheng had come into contact with along the way were all Gods. However, these blind people all had profound cultivation, and the aura they exuded was completely different from the ordinary blind people. The only thing they had in common was that these blind people were also "blind."
These blind people lined up along the two sides of the square. Their cultivation was also ranked from high to low. The outermost one was a lower True God, and the innermost one was an upper True God, as well as a Perfect True God!
In the center, a Perfect True God slowly walked out. This Perfect True God of the blind tribe glanced around, then closed his eyes tightly and said softly, "Today is the Blind Tribe's grand gathering. We respectfully welcome the arrival of the Holy Emperors of the floating islands!"
After saying this, the Perfect True God of the blind tribe placed his hands in front of his chest. This was the Blind Tribe's highest etiquette.
As soon as he said this, his voice drifted away …
"The Holy Emperors are also coming to participate?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
He originally thought that although the status of the blind tribe was special, it was impossible for them to invite all the Holy Emperors of the rich and powerful families, right? Perhaps they were an indispensable part of the Sea of Time, but ultimately, they were only ferrymen of the Sea of Time, a group of boatmen.
It seemed like his understanding was still shallow. The status of the blind tribe was higher than he had imagined.
"Whoosh …"
Suddenly, this island was surging with wind and clouds.
Countless auspicious clouds bloomed one after another, as though some strange treasure was about to be born. In the blink of an eye, a man wearing a yellow robe appeared in the sky above the island.
Flying was prohibited in the Sea of Time, so upper True Gods were unable to fly across the Sea of Time. Spatial shuttling was prohibited in the Sea of Time, so even Perfect True Gods were unable to use spatial transference. However, this man wearing a yellow robe was not restricted at all!
"Sage!"
Luo Zheng looked up at the man wearing a yellow robe and felt that extraordinary aura.
This was not the first time he had seen a Sage …
The first time he met a Sage was in the Immortal Mansion's library. When his master accepted him as a disciple, he met Gu Bei and Bei Sheng. Later, he met Jiu Sheng and Craftsman Sheng in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Finally, he met Mu Haiji and his father Luo Xiao.
However, the Sages he met did not appear in their true bodies. They were either soul imprints or incarnations that were projected into their inner worlds. As for Mu Haiji and Luo Xiao, they were just two souls.
After the man in the yellow robe appeared, the Perfect True God of the blind tribe bowed and said, "Welcome Sage Yi!"
"Sage Yi … Which family's Sage is he?" Luo Zheng quietly asked Han Chuyue who was beside him.
Han Chuyue seemed to be very dissatisfied with Luo Zheng. She glared at him and did not say anything …
However, Han Biluo covered her mouth and laughed, "It's the Holy Emperor of the Zhao family, Zhao Wuyi. Outsiders call him Sage Yi."
In the sky, Zhao Wuyi nodded. His figure disappeared in a flash and then appeared above the square, floating in the air.
Just as the Zhao Clan's Holy Will appeared, another cloud of scarlet mist rolled over from the horizon. When the scarlet mist stopped, a tall and sturdy man appeared within it.
The Perfect True God of the blind tribe bowed again and said politely, "Welcome Sage Lun!"
The tall and sturdy man's face was red and he just laughed loudly, "You're too polite, too polite." After saying that, Tang Lun also descended. With a light rub of his fingers, strands of flames intertwined and formed a huge flame throne floating in the air. Tang Lun sat on it.
This was Tang Lun's voice. Luo Zheng had heard it once in the Arena of Gods. Yu Taibai had forbidden the Tang family from entering Buzhou Spirit Mountain. The hot-tempered Tang Lun had argued with Yu Taibai.
The flame contained in the flame throne was very strange. After Luo Zheng took a look at it, his heart started to beat fast.
He knew that the flame was formed from the Fledgling Fire Supreme Dao. The Dao contained in it was shocking. However, Sages were able to control the Supreme Dao with ease. Even though it was floating more than ten feet above everyone's heads, there was no heat emitted. Otherwise, the entire island would have turned into a sea of fire.
Looking at Tang Lun, it seemed that he had also become a Sage with the Fledgling Fire Supreme Dao. Luo Zheng did not know how far Tang Lun had cultivated the Fledgling Fire Supreme Dao. If he used the Immeasurable Ruler to absorb the Dao in the flame, wouldn't he benefit immensely …

Chapter 1899
The perception of these Sages was ridiculously strong.
If Tang Lun were to discover something, he would be in deep trouble.
After Tang Lun appeared, the Sages of the other wealthy families appeared one after another. The Fang family, the Qin family, the Li family …
The Sages of the various wealthy families appeared one by one, including the Han family's Emperor Han Qing.
Starting from the fourth-ranked Leng family, these wealthy families only had one Sages.
However, it was different for the top three families.
For example, the Xuanyue family was divided into three factions: the Xuanyue Cult, the War God Temple, and the Heaven Spirit Pavilion. These three factions each had one Sage.
The Sword family had four black-robed elders, which meant they had four Sages …
"The second-ranked and third-ranked families already have three or four Sages. Their strength is indeed far beyond ordinary wealthy families. I wonder how many Sages the Dongfang family has …" Luo Zheng sighed as he looked up at the sky.
At that moment, the sky suddenly darkened, as if the world had lost all light. No one could see anything.
However, this lasted for a very short time. When everyone regained their vision, there was one more person in the sky …
This person wore a black robe, and his long hair flowed elegantly. He looked extraordinarily handsome, as if the masculinity of a man and the gentleness of a woman were fused into one.
"Respectfully greetings, Sage Jun." The Great Perfection stage Blind Tribe cupped his hands.
This time, before Luo Zheng could speak, Han Biluo explained to Luo Zheng, "Dongfang Chunjun, the Sage Emperor of the Dongfang family. He is considered the number one person in the Sage Hall."
Luo Zheng looked at Dongfang Chunjun and nodded slightly.
Han Chuyue, who had been silent all this time, couldn't help but send a voice transmission, "Actually, after my sister and I returned to the floating island, we investigated some things. Back then, your father lost to Dongfang Chunjun, which was why Mu Haiji had the chance to kill him."
Hearing Han Chuyue's words, Luo Zheng's expression was still calm. He only softly grunted in acknowledgment. At the same time, he stared at Dongfang Chunjun, as if wanting to firmly engrave this person in his mind.
He had already faintly guessed in his heart.
Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, and Jiu Sheng's influence in the Realm of the Gods wasn't something the Mu Family could deal with. If there was anyone who could destroy the Luo Family, it would be the Xuanyue Family, the Jian Family, and the Dongfang Family. Since Dongfang Chunjun was jackals of the same lair as Mu Haiji, he must have been involved in the matter back then.
When the last Saint, Dongfang Chunjun, appeared, another dozen or so people appeared at the same time. These people were the Secondary Saints of the various great clans.
Aristocratic families must have a saint overseeing them, but not every aristocratic family had a secondary saint.
After all, a Quasi-sage also had the opportunity to attack the sage realm and become a sage. This was very precious to the aristocratic families. Among the thirty-six aristocratic families, only half of them had their own Quasi-sage.
These secondary saints also swiftly returned to their positions. The secondary saints' positions were naturally one level lower than the saints'.
Aunt Hanjiu was also among them. When she arrived, she glanced around and saw Luo Zheng in the crowd. The corners of her mouth curled into a smile. This kid really wasn't afraid of death …
The saints and secondary saints were all present. The Great Perfection of the Blind Clan closed his eyes and asked, "Why don't I see the Supreme Saint?"
Tang Lun, the saint of the Tang Clan, laughed. "That old guy actually attacked Luo Xiao's universe not long ago and was punished by the Governing Slate. He's still facing the wall now!"
"Mu Haiji is still the same. He's too impulsive." The saint of the Qin Clan chuckled.
"Maybe he still can't forget what happened back then. That's why he's so anxious to get rid of Luo Xiao," another saint added.
Luo Zheng also noticed that these saints were all from the Aristocratic Alliance. They were the aristocratic families targeted by Yu Taibai. As for the saints of the other aristocratic families, they remained silent. For example, the saints of the Xuanyue Clan and the Sword Clan all had calm expressions on their faces.
"Firmament Saint only did what he was supposed to do. Since Luo Xiao's physical body has already fallen, there's no need for the Dayan Universe to exist. It's a good thing to eliminate it as soon as possible," Emperor Hanqing added.
Some of the saints had strange expressions on their faces. Leng Yao, the saint of the Leng Clan, chuckled. "Emperor Hanqing is right."
Emperor Hanqing was a legend in the divine realm. It seemed that he was determined to rely on the Dongfang Clan's Aristocratic Alliance …
Han Chuyue carefully glanced at Luo Zheng. Of course, she knew how Luo Zheng felt.
In truth, the members of the Han Clan were also upset when they heard Emperor Hanqing's words. The elites of the Han Clan had always been proud of their clan, but now their Saint Emperor was trying to curry favor with someone else. How would the elites of the other aristocratic families view them?
"Since the Supreme Saint can't come, then there's no need to wait." The Great Perfection saint of the Blind Tribe nodded. He turned and bowed towards the depths of the island. At the same time, all the members of the Blind Tribe also prostrated themselves on the ground.
"Lord Patriarch, please preside over the Ling Sun Festival …" the Great Perfection saint of the Blind Tribe said loudly.
The patriarch of the Blind Tribe?
Luo Zheng also looked in that direction, his heart filled with anticipation. Who was this person? Was he also a Saint? That was very likely. Otherwise, why would the Saints give the Blind Tribe face and participate in their clan's gathering? Because the Blind Tribe could ferry people across the Sea of Time?
If the aristocratic families could build portals to the various forbidden areas, then they could also build portals to various places in the divine realm. All they had to do was change the rules on the Governing Slate …
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw a woman in a white gown.
The woman walked barefoot, and her pace was extremely slow. As she got closer, Luo Zhengcai realized that she was wearing a strange-looking mask that completely covered her face.
But that wasn't the main point. When Luo Zheng saw this woman, he felt as if she didn't exist. When she slowly walked over, her figure was like a candle in the night wind, absent-minded.
It was a very strange feeling. It was as if she was shuttling back and forth in another space. One moment she disappeared, the next she reappeared. This repeated over and over again, giving off an illusory feeling.
What made Luo Zheng even more surprised was that when this woman appeared, almost all the Saints and Quasi-Sages stood up and bowed to her!
Weren't Saints the supreme existence in the divine realm?
From the looks of it, this woman's status was even higher than everyone else?
He was very puzzled. He turned to look at Han Chuyue and asked again, "What's the background of the Blind Tribe's patriarch? She's just a God. Why are all the Saints bowing to her?"
Han Chuyue smiled faintly. "Because the Blind Tribe's patriarch has the power to kill every living thing in the divine realm!"
"Every living thing? Even Saints? "Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
Han Chuyue nodded. "Yes, even Saints have the power to kill in her hands."
"How is that possible? She has the power to do so? "
Luo Zheng's face was full of disbelief. In his opinion, any Saint could wipe out the entire Blind Tribe with a wave of their hand.
"En." Han Chuyue had a matter-of-fact expression. "There are only three people here that she can't kill. In the entire universe, there are only seven or eight people that she can't kill. The others don't have the power to fight back in front of her."
"How did she do it?" Luo Zheng asked incredulously.
"Why don't you guess?" Han Chuyue winked and smiled mischievously.

Chapter 1900
"I can't guess." Luo Zheng shook his head helplessly. A divine ability that could kill everyone at will, Luo Zheng really couldn't imagine.
Han Chuyue looked at the white clothed woman and asked, "Don't you think her state is very strange?"
Luo Zheng nodded. The white clothed woman's figure seemed to be in a trance, as if she could disappear at any time.
"She doesn't really exist in this world. She lives in time." Han Chuyue transmitted her voice.
"Lives in time?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. He found it hard to understand Han Chuyue's words.
Luo Zheng had seen the laws of time in the universe. But whether it was the laws of time used by warriors or the laws of time used by true gods, they could only delay the passage of time as much as possible. It seemed to be the simplest use of the laws of time …
Time, this kind of thing, was too mysterious and too difficult to grasp.
"Yes, the leader of the blind tribe can travel through the sea of time at will. She can return to any time period and change the past." Han Chuyue said, "In other words, she can turn back the time of the entire divine domain."
"What!" Luo Zheng's eyes opened wide. Although Luo Zheng felt that Han Chuyue's words were inconceivable, the attitude of the saints also explained the problem. "This kind of ability is too strong …"
"Do you understand now?" Han Chuyue said indifferently, "So in theory, she can kill anyone in the divine domain. But it's not without limits. Every time she uses time to turn back, she has to pay a big price."
These saints were indeed very strong now. Perhaps this woman wasn't their match.
But the white clothed woman could turn back time at any time. She could return to the past!
These saints had also gone through countless divine eras. After experiencing endless training and opportunities, they were able to become saints. She only needed to go back hundreds or even thousands of divine eras. At that time, these saints were just ordinary divine citizens. They were even infants that had just been born in the divine domain.
After the saints of that time period were killed, the current saints would also disappear …
This was the white clothed woman's powerful ability.
Although Luo Zheng felt that Han Chuyue's words were inconceivable, the attitude of the saints also explained everything.
The attitude of these peak existences in the divine domain towards the white clothed woman, there must be a reason.
"Is this an ability of the divine dao of time?" Luo Zheng still had some doubts. If this ability was obtained from the divine dao of time, it was too strong. Because there was no room to resist this ability.
No one could be born so strong..... If the divine dao of time was so powerful, then there was no need to cultivate any other divine dao.....
"Of course not." Han Chuyue shook her head. "The Divine Dao of Time does have the ability to turn back time, but it can only be used on oneself. Turning back to one's own body, she can turn back to the entire divine domain."
"How did she do it?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"Because the Sea of Time is also a great forbidden area, and she controlled the Sea of Time and obtained the 'Sword of Time of the Gods'. Her ability originates from this sword that controls the Sea of Time." Han Chuyue said.
. "The sea of time is a forbidden area …" Han Chuyue's answer surprised Luo Zheng again.
The sea of time was a forbidden area. For most true gods in the divine domain, it was a big secret. Many rich people didn't know about it. Almost all of them knew about it through the Ling Ri Festival.
It was also Han Chuyue's first time participating in the Ling Ri Festival. However, she and Han Liusu had a high status in the Han Family. It wasn't difficult for them to understand these things. Besides, it was the second time Han Cangyan was invited to the Ling Ri Festival. Some things would be told to the two sisters in advance.
"No wonder …" Luo Zheng nodded.
Previously, Luo Zheng was puzzled. According to the nature of the saints of the rich, they would have driven away the Blind Tribe in the sea of time or even killed them.
They had to rely on the Blind Tribe to leave the sea of time. The efficiency was so low. How could the rich tolerate it?
In the end, they had no choice …
In fact, when the rich first entered the sea of time, they did have conflicts with the Blind Tribe.
At first, there were already six rich families in the sea of time. Later, a new saint brought his family to establish a floating island and joined the sea of time.
At that time, this new Saint was also in high spirits. He could not tolerate this group of Blind Tribesmen and even killed fifty to sixty ferrymen of the Blind Tribesmen. At that time, the Six Great Clans did not express their opinions on this matter. They felt that the Blind Tribesmen were mysterious and strange, and it was better not to provoke them.
Unexpectedly, this saint from a rich family mysteriously disappeared one day. What disappeared was not only the saint himself, but also the universe he created.
Even if a huge universe completely collapsed, it would take thousands of years. It was a slow process. However, the saint and the universe he created disappeared overnight. This was too strange.
It was also at that time that the Blind Tribe invited the Sages of the Six Great Clans to the Feast of the Dark Sun. The Sages saw the Blind Tribe's leader for the first time. The masked female leader told the Sages that she was the one who killed the new Sage …
One had to know that after becoming a saint, there was a publicly acknowledged principle. As long as the universe was not destroyed, the saint wouldn't die. When the universe was formed, the saint's life would be connected with the universe. This female leader couldn't kill a saint silently.
Not only the female leader couldn't do it, but no one else could. Therefore, after Mu Haiji killed Luo Xiao, he wanted to launch another war against the Dayan Universe.
Although there was no Sage Hall at that time and there were no rules for the war between saints, the universe was so huge that even a saint couldn't destroy it in a short period of time.
However, this female leader easily proved her ability. On the day of the Ling Ri Festival, one of the saints carried a treasure sword with him. That treasure sword wasn't a top-grade item, but it was a treasure sword that the saint often used. Although it was useless now, he always carried it with him.
Not long after the female leader left the Ling Ri Festival, that saint's treasure sword disappeared. At the same time, that saint turned pale with fright.
When the Female Clan Leader appeared once again, the Sage was still staring blankly at the Female Clan Leader as he mumbled, "You, you …"
At this time, another treasure sword appeared in the female leader's hand. It was the saint's treasure sword.
The other Saints were puzzled. They didn't know what kind of trick the Saint was playing with the Blind Tribe's matriarch. Then, they found out that the Blind Tribe's matriarch had returned to forty epochs ago. At that time, the Saint was still a lower True God. The matriarch had snatched the sword away from him. The matriarch had even said to him that they would meet again forty epochs later.
Only then did the saints understand how powerful the female leader of the Blind Tribe was.
The immortality of saints seemed to be a joke in front of her.
Because of this, the Blind Tribe could safely sail their small boats on the Time Sea. No rich families dared to provoke this tribe.
"But you just said that she couldn't kill everyone?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Yes, I heard that she couldn't kill the saint emperor of the Dongfang family," Han Chuyue said. "I don't know what method Dongfang Chunjun used. He seemed to have hidden all traces of himself in the divine realm. That's why the female leader couldn't trace back to his past. As for what method Dongfang Chunjun used, I don't know. Anyway, she couldn't kill Dongfang Chunjun."
She had heard these stories from others. Naturally, she didn't know the details …
While Han Chu Yue was whispering, the matriarch of the Blind Tribe walked barefoot to the nine pagodas. She stretched out her slender hands and gently waved them to the sides. The nine pagodas began to slowly move towards the center. They leaned against each other and at the same time formed a mysterious star pattern.
There were a total of nine stars in the star pattern. Each star had a different color, and the star in the middle was light blue.
"This time, it's the transit of the Aqua Star," the female leader of the Blind Tribe said calmly.
After saying that, she stretched out her hand and gently patted the star …